<doc id="2838012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838012" title="Ananda Lewis">
Ananda Lewis

Ananda Lewis (born March 21, 1973) is an American television personality and social activist. She was an MTV veejay from the late 1990s until 2001, when she left the network to host her own talk show, The Ananda Lewis Show.
Biography.
Early life.
Lewis was born on March 21, 1973, in Los Angeles, California. She is of African American and Native American descent, specifically of the Creek and Blackfoot tribes. Her name means "bliss" in Sanskrit. Lewis's mother worked as an account manager for Pacific Bell, and her father as a computer-animation specialist. Her sister, Lakshmi, is a physician. Lewis's parents divorced when Ananda was two years old, and her mother moved with her daughters to San Diego, California, to be near her own mother. Her mother took an extended trip to Europe to escape the pain of her failed marriage, leaving Ananda and Lakshmi with their grandmother. During her absence, which lasted less than a year, Lewis felt abandoned. She states: "It was like she nurtured me and carried me in her womb and then completely left." Lewis often fought with her mother while growing up and rarely saw her father, who had remarried. Lewis and her grandmother also frequently "locked horns" while she was growing up. 
Lewis struggled with a speech impediment, stuttering until she was eight years old. In grade school she earned a reputation for outspokenness; her comments provoked her teachers' ire or, less often, their amusement. In 1981 Lewis entered herself in the Little Miss San Diego Contest, a beauty pageant, and won. During the talent portion of the competition, Lewis performed a dance routine, which she had choreographed herself, to Stevie Wonder and Paul McCartney’s ballad "Ebony and Ivory." After her win, Lewis attracted the attention of a talent agent and began working in local theater productions and on television. In fourth grade she enrolled at the San Diego School of Creative and Performance Arts (SCPA), a public magnet school, where she remained for nine years. At the age of thirteen, Lewis began volunteering as a tutor and counselor at a Head Start facility. Lewis was inspired by the work and decided to become a teacher or a psychologist, with the goal of helping young people. However, Lewis's family urged her to follow a more lucrative career path specifically law. She majored in history at Howard University, in Washington, D.C., from which she graduated, cum laude, in 1995.
Personal life.
Lewis has credited her mother, grandmother, and sister for providing her with a positive, supportive environment. By her own account, as she grew older she felt increasingly upset by her parents’ divorce. In adulthood, Lewis has healed her rifts with both parents. Lewis was a good friend of singer and actress Aaliyah before her accidental death. She has six godchildren. In 2011, Lewis gave birth to a boy, her first child. She currently resides in the San Fernando Valley.
Career.
Early career.
Throughout college Lewis had volunteered as a mentor with the group Youth at Risk and at the Youth Leadership Institute. She was considering attending graduate school to pursue a master’s degree in education when she learned that auditions were going to be held for the job of on-screen host of BET's Teen Summit. She states that the children she was working with that summer were the main ones pushing her to go to the auditions. She states: "The kids said, ‘You better go audition for that show. You don't have a job, and this job is almost over.'" 
Lewis's audition would be a success and she became the host of Teen Summit. For three seasons she discussed serious issues affecting teenagers for a television audience of several million. The show’s topical, debate-driven format enabled Lewis to follow her passion for helping young people, and use her skills she had acquired at the performing-arts school in San Diego. Lewis is known for having the courage to openly discuss taboo subjects without flinching. Her executives knew that this kind of gumption was the right stuff for a live show host," In 1996, on an installment of the show entitled "It Takes a Village," Lewis interviewed then-First Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton, whose book with that title had been published earlier in the year. Also in 1996 Teen Summit was nominated for a CableACE Award, and the next year the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) presented Lewis with an Image Award for her work on Black Entertainment Television (BET). Soon afterward the cable network MTV offered Lewis a position as a program host and video jockey. The thought of leaving Teen Summit was painful for her; indeed, several sources quoted her as recalling that she "cried for three weeks" while pondering her choices. In opting to move to MTV, the deciding factor was the possibility of greatly increasing the size of her viewing audience and, therefore, her potential for influencing America’s youth. 
Lewis's style as recognized at BET is responsible for bringing celebrity interviewing to a new level on a pair of regularly aired MTV shows: "Total Request Live", a daily Top 10 video-countdown show, and "The Hot Zone", which offered both music videos and Lewis's interviews of musicians and others. On one notable installment of The Hot Zone, she berated the rapper Q-Tip about the number of scantily clad dancers in one of his videos. In a reference to Lewis's broadcasting savvy, Bob Kusbit, MTV’s senior vice president for production, told Douglas Century for the New York Times on November 21, 1999, "In the past our talent was sometimes just pretty people who could read cue cards. But when we brought Ananda to MTV, we decided we were going to do a lot more live television." MTV also called upon Lewis to host other, topical programs, including two MTV forums on violence in schools, which aired after the Columbine High School massacre and several memorial tributes for the singer Aaliyah, who perished in a plane crash in 2001. In 2001 Lewis earned another NAACP Image Award, for her hosting of the MTV special "True Life: I Am Driving While Black".
In 1998, Lewis made headlines while at MTV when she announced, that she intended to remain abstinent for at least six months. She states: "I made the decision for selfish reasons, but I'm going public here because I realized I might be able to help other girls, too. I know the kind of drama that being sexually active brings to your life. I felt that if it was good for me to take a break, it might be good for other young girls, too. You see, I think I would be a whole different person if I hadn't had sex so early. Everybody was saying, ‘Do it!' but nobody ever said, ‘You don't have to do it'. I think hearing that would have made a huge difference in my life."
Also during that period Lewis became a familiar presence at celebrity-attended events in and around New York City. "If you don’t recognize the name Ananda Lewis, it may be because you’re older than 23, or not a hip-hop star, or not a regular supplicant in the land of the velvet ropes," Century wrote at the height of Lewis’s fame. "In the last year, Ms. Lewis has emerged as the hip-hop generation’s reigning ‘It Girl,’ meaning she is not just an MTV personality but a woman whose looks and attitudes have made her perpetually in demand."
Later career.
In 2000 "People" included Lewis on its list of the world's "50 Most Beautiful People." In 2001, Lewis decided to leave MTV in order to start her own talk show. "The Ananda Lewis Show" debuted on September 10, 2001, after much advance press in which Lewis was compared to Oprah Winfrey, the wildly popular talk-show host long considered to be one of the most powerful women of African American descent in television. Lewis continued to do special presentations for MTV after her show had begun. Lewis's series, which was syndicated by King World Productions, targeted women between the ages of eighteen and thirty-four by addressing such issues as domestic violence and breast cancer; it was billed as an alternative to the sensationalism and provocative offerings of Jerry Springer and Ricki Lake, whose talk shows were then dominating daytime ratings. Lewis's show aired on some WB and NBC stations before being canceled after one season. Her show's producers stated: "We started on a Monday and then there was the World Trade Center bombing the next day, and everything has become a mess since then," Roger King, the chairman and CEO of King World Productions and CBS Enterprises. Lewis then worked briefly for BET.
In 2004 Lewis became the chief correspondent on celebrity subjects for the nationally syndicated, nightly entertainment program "The Insider", a spin-off of the popular "Entertainment Tonight". In the spring of 2005, she has interviewed Paris Hilton, Dylan Ryder, Don Cheadle and Ryan Phillippe (two of the stars of Paul Haggis's ensemble film "Crash"), and actress Dyan Cannon. Lewis herself has made guest appearances on several sitcoms.
In 2004 Ms. Lewis also appeared on the ABC network's reality show called Celebrity Mole: Yucatán. This reality series won an Emmy for Outstanding Achievement for Enhanced Television. 
An avid animal lover, Lewis has served as co-host of the A&E television-network show "America's Top Dog" and as a spokesperson for the Humane Society. She has been known to frequently introduce her two pet chihuahuas to interviewers. She has also been a spokesperson for Reading Is Fundamental, a nonprofit literacy group.

</doc>
<doc id="2838021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838021" title="2005 European Nations Cup">
2005 European Nations Cup

The 2005 European Nations Cup saw France secure their first win over Wales in 24 years, winning 38-16 and taking the European Nations Cup back to France.
The revamped competition involved six teams competing in two groups of three. Five of the teams: France, Ireland, Scotland, Wales, Russia qualified automatically for the tournament, whilst new entrant Georgia came through a qualifying tournament. 
Qualifying Tournament.
Final standings.
Georgia advanced to Group 2.
Group 1.
Final standings.
Wales advanced to the final.
Group 2.
Final standings.
France advanced to the final.

</doc>
<doc id="2838024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838024" title="Northwold">
Northwold

Northwold (""North forest"") is a village and civil parish in the English county of Norfolk.
It covers an area of and had a population of 1,070 in 448 households at the 2001 census.
For the purposes of local government, it falls within the district of King's Lynn and West Norfolk. The civil parish also includes the hamlets of Whittington and Little London.
The village is north of Brandon which is also the closest railway station on the Thetford to Ely line, and from London. It lies just to the north of the A134 between Thetford and King's Lynn and on the river Wissey, in the Western division of the county, Grimshoe hundred, Thetford union and county court district, Cranwich rural deanery, Norfolk archdeaconry and Norwich diocese.
Northwold is mentioned in the Domesday Book and traces of human settlements there from the Neolithic era have been recorded. Hugh of Northwold was Abbot of Bury St Edmunds from 1215 to 1229 and afterwards Bishop of Ely. Between 1279 and 1301 John of Northwold was Abbot of Bury St Edmunds.
Northwold is surrounded by farmland and some of the inhabitants work on farms in the district. This area of England cultivates sugar beet and there are several factories producing sugar in the region. Residents not working in the immediate area travel to the nearby larger towns or cites for work, such as King's Lynn, Swaffham, Downham Market or Norwich.
The Norman Church of England Primary School is the only school in the village. It was known as "The Norman School" after local benefactor Caroline Amelia Norman. Northwold has no general store or post office. In earlier times the village boasted several public houses but now only The Crown remains. The village is not served by a regular bus service.
Churches.
The church of St Andrew dominates the village. In its oldest parts, it dates from the early thirteenth century. It was built in the Perpendicular and Early English styles, having chancel, nave and aisles, and tower built in the fourteenth century, containing 8 bells and a modern clock. The tower and church are built principally of flint and the tower has various devices inlaid in this material. Its top is ornamented with eight pinnacles. The roof of the nave is made of painted oak, richly gilt and ornamented with angels with extended wings. The register dates from the year 1650. The living is a rectory, tithe rent-charge £896, with of glebe and house, in the gift of the Bishop of Norwich and held in 1880 by William Cowper Johnson of Caius College, Cambridge, honorary canon of Norwich.
During a renovation of the church in the 1970s the remains were found of wall paintings in the wall plaster dating from the early Middle Ages.
In Northwold there were also Wesleyan and Primitive Methodist chapels, but these are now converted into dwellings for private use.

</doc>
<doc id="2838031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838031" title="Scindia School">
Scindia School

The Scindia School is an Indian boarding school for boys, established in 1897, and situated in the historic Gwalior Fort, in the city of Gwalior. It was originally started exclusively for nobles and princes of Royal families, particularly the Marathas, though it no longer discriminates on class. As of 2010, the school has enrolled 606 students, with a teacher:student ratio of 1:12. The school is noted for its advanced IT facilities.
History.
The Scindia School was founded by the late Maharaja Madho Rao Scindia of Gwalior in 1897, as the Sardar School. It was meant exclusively for sons of Indian princes and nobles. It was renamed The Scindia School in 1933, as it evolved into a public school with a Board of Governors, presently headed by Jyotiraditya Scindia, MP and the scion of Scindia family.
It was in the city of Gwalior and was shifted to the Gwalior Fort around the turn of the century. The Scindia School eventually became a public residential school for boys under the headmastership of F G Pearce. The school celebrated its centenary in October 1997. Scindia School was ranked as the 10th best public school in India 2012 according to the Education World Magazine.
Student life.
Situated at the heart of India, the school is set on the historic hill fortress of Gwalior, above the surrounding city.
The school has classes from grade 6th to 12th. It is believed to be the first school in India to be a member of an international organization, Round Square, a group of the most reputed schools in the world.
Facilities.
The library is open seven days a week, 14 hours a day.
The school computer centre has a network of Dell servers and 300 Pentium-based machines which run on a broadband fibre optic backbone. The centre has a wide variety of equipment, including Sony digital motion cameras, projection systems, zip drives and a DVD/CD writers — as well as an extensive suite of media editing software. A large number of educational multimedia CDs are available.
A health centre takes care of student medical needs. A resident doctor, a nurse and a ward master take care of all student requirements. For complicated cases or emergencies the school calls upon its panel of specialists in the city and also avails of the facilities provided by nursing homes and unmatched facilities provided by the local Indian Air Force station.
The total strength of students is approximately 630.
Housing.
The school is in the erstwhile barracks of British soldiers and the teachers live in the residential quarters once occupied by the British officials.
The school is divided into twelve houses, four for juniors and eight for seniors, each named after places and individuals from Maratha history. Junior houses are Jankoji, Dattaji (Sarvapalli), Nimaji and Kanerkhed (Siddharth). Senior houses are Jayaji, Ranoji, Mahadji, Jeevaji, Madhav, Shivaji, Daulat (Vivekanand) and Jayappa (Chaitanya) (Jyotiba house was discontinued in 2003).
The four houses for the junior boys are looked after by housemistresses, matrons and other domestic staff. The senior houses have a housemaster and a resident tutor along with the domestic staff. The housemaster's residence and that of another faculty member are attached to each house to ensure the availability of pastoral guidance.
Activities.
Extracurricular activities are organised by senior students and supervised by faculty. The school has Junior and Senior Debating Society teams and two literary societies — one for English and one for Sanskrit and Hindi. The students run societies to cater to interests in history, geography, mathematics, science, and ICT. The School Council, composed of elected students teachers, give students a large degree of self-government.
Students take up hobbies like music, photography, painting, glass painting, batik dying, papier-mâché, clay modelling, pottery, stone carving, wood work and metal work. They are encouraged to learn first aid, automobile mechanics and to develop an interest in Information Technology. Students participate in educational camps, nature camps, adventure activities — outdoor survival, mountaineering expeditions, white water rafting, skiing and cycling being a few of many examples.
Sports.
Students participate in sports including track & field athletics, soccer, hockey, cricket, basketball,skating,horse riding, archery, rifle shooting, boxing, equestrian, squash, tennis, badminton, swimming and deep-pool diving and more. A large multi-purpose gym serves the students in their indoor sporitng pursuits.
Other schools.
Scindia, along with Doon, Sanawar, Lovedale and Welham's boys are the members of the Round Square Conference.
Some other Indian schools that compete with Scindia School in every arena include The Doon School in Dehra Dun, Welham Boys School at Dehra Dun, The Lawrence School in Sanawar, The Lawrence School in Lovedale, The Daly College in Indore, Mayo College in Ajmer, Bishop Cotton School (Shimla), St Joseph's College, Nainital, and Sherwood College in Nainital.
Ex-Scindians.
Within Scindia school pupils are known as Scindians, and alumni are referred to as ex-Scindians or, more simply, as Old Boys.
Scindians have achieved prominence in politics, government service, and the armed forces of India and Pakistan, as well as commerce, journalism, and literature. 
The writers Sanjay Singh Yadav (also a semi-finalist in the UK Song Writing Contest 2013), artist musician Anand Shanker, Anurag Mathur, Politician Kunwar Natwar Singh, journalist Nandan Kagal, Salman Khan Arbaaz Khan, and filmmakers Anurag Kashyap and Abhinav Singh Kashyap, are all Scindians. Shamit Khemka founder of SynapseIndia, and president of Entrepreneurs' Organization New Delhi chapter is also a Scindian. Dutta Satadip, Head of Sales Support at Google is also a Scindian. Kalyan Banerjee, president of Rotary International is an alumnus.

</doc>
<doc id="2838050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838050" title="Pedopenna">
Pedopenna

Pedopenna (meaning "foot feather") is a genus of small, feathered, maniraptoran dinosaur from the Daohugou Beds in China. It is possibly older than "Archaeopteryx", though the age of the Daohugou Beds where it was found is debated. A majority of studies suggest that beds probably date from between the late Middle Jurassic (168 million years ago) and early Late Jurassic Period (164-152 million years ago).
The name "Pedopenna" refers to the long pennaceous feathers on the metatarsus; "daohugouensis" refers to the locality of Daohugou, where the holotype was found. "Pedopenna daohugouensis" probably measured 1 meter (3 ft) or less in length, but since this species is only known from the hind legs, the actual length is difficult to estimate. "Pedopenna" was originally classified as a paravian, the group of maniraptoran dinosaurs that includes both deinonychosaurs and avialans (the lineage including modern birds), but some scientists have classified it as a true avialan more closely related to modern birds than to deinonychosaurs.
Description.
The feet of "Pedopenna" resembled those of the related troodontids and dromaeosaurids (which together form the group Deinonychosauria), though were overall more primitive. In particular, the second toe of "Pedopenna" was not as specialized as in deinonychosaurs. While "Pedopenna" did have an enlarged claw and slightly shortened second toe, it was not as highly developed as the strongly curved, sickle-like claws of its relatives.
Xu Xing and Zhang Fucheng, who interpreted the Daohugou fossil beds where "Pedopenna" was found as mid to late Jurassic in age, used the presence of such a primitive member of the avian lineage, in combination with many primitive members of closely related lineages there, to support the idea that birds originated in Asia.
Feathers.
The bird-like characteristics of "Pedopenna" are further evidence of the dinosaur-bird evolutionary relationship. Apart from having a very bird-like skeletal structure in its legs, "Pedopenna" was remarkable due to the presence of long pennaceous feathers on the metatarsus (foot). Some deinonychosaurs are also known to have these 'hind wings', but those of "Pedopenna" differ from those of animals like "Microraptor". "Pedopenna" hind wings were smaller and more rounded in shape. The longest feathers were slightly shorter than the metatarsus, at about 55 mm (2 in) long. Additionally, the feathers of "Pedopenna" were symmetrical, unlike the asymmetrical feathers of some deinonychosaurs and birds. Since asymmetrical feathers are typical of animals adapted to flying, it is likely that "Pedopenna" represents an early stage in the development of these structures. While many of the feather impressions in the fossil are weak, it is clear that each possessed a rachis and barbs, and while the exact number of foot feathers is uncertain, they are more numerous than in the hind-wings of "Microraptor". "Pedopenna" also shows evidence of shorter feathers overlying the long foot feathers, evidence for the presence of coverts as seen in modern birds. Since the feathers show fewer aerodynamic adaptations than the similar hind wings of "Microraptor", and appear to be less stiff, suggests that if they did have some kind of aerodynamic function, it was much weaker than in deinonychosaurs and birds. Xu and Zhang, in their 2005 description of "Pedopenna", suggested that the feathers could be ornamental, or even vestigial. It is possible that a hind wing was present in the ancestors of deinonychosaurs and birds, and later lost in the bird lineage, with "Pedopenna" representing an intermediate stage where the hind wings are being reduced from a functional gliding apparatus to a display or insulatory function.

</doc>
<doc id="2838055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838055" title="This Happy Breed">
This Happy Breed

This Happy Breed is a play by Noël Coward. It was written in 1939 but, because of the outbreak of World War II, it was not staged until 1942, when it was performed on alternating nights with another Coward play, "Present Laughter". The two plays later alternated with Coward's "Blithe Spirit". The title, a reference to the English people, is a phrase from John of Gaunt's monologue in Act II, Scene 1 of William Shakespeare's "Richard II".
The story of the play concerns the working class Gibbons family between the end of World War I and the outbreak of World War II. It anticipates the non-violent ways in which social justice issues might be incorporated into post-war national reconstruction, examines the personal trauma caused by the sudden death of sons and daughters and anticipates the forthcoming return of English men from the war. It is also an intimate portrait of the economy and politics of Great Britain in the 1920s and 30s (such as the General Strike of 1926), as well as showing the advances in technology – the arrival of primitive crystal radio sets and telephones, home gas lights being replaced by electricity and mass broadcast radio.
"This Happy Breed" is one of a very few Coward plays to deal entirely with domestic events outside an upper class or upper middle class setting. A number of scenes are reminiscent of previous Coward works, such as "Cavalcade" (1931) or the short play "Fumed Oak" from "" (1936).
Background.
Coward completed the playscript for "This Happy Breed" (as well as that for "Present Laughter") in 1939, in the months before World War II. The producer Binkie Beaumont originally wanted to stage "Present Laughter" on its own, but Coward insisted that, given the political situation at the time, it should be played alternately with the more sombre "This Happy Breed". The original script called for the abdication speech of King Edward VIII to be heard on the radio by the Gibbons family in Act 3 scene 1, but the Lord Chamberlain (Britain's official play censor until 1968) objected to its inclusion, citing the embarrassment it would cause any member of the royal family who happened to see the play. The final dress rehearsal was held on 31 August 1939. The following day Germany invaded Poland; Britain declared war on Germany on 3 September, and the production was immediately abandoned.
Coward departed for Paris to meet Jean Giraudoux, who wanted the playwright to set up a Bureau of Propaganda and serve as a liaison with the Commissariat d'Information. Coward engaged in war work in intelligence and propaganda in Europe and America for the next two years. Winston Churchill advised Coward that he could do more for the war effort by entertaining the troops and the home front than by attempts at intelligence work: "Go and sing to them when the guns are firing – that's your job!" Though disappointed, Coward followed this advice. He toured, acted and sang indefatigably in Europe, Africa, Asia and America. "This Happy Breed" and "Present Laughter" were finally staged in September 1942 in Blackpool on Coward's wartime tour of Britain after he returned to acting. The sets and costumes were designed by Gladys Calthrop.
Coward later said, "I have always had a reputation for high-life, earned no doubt in the twenties with such plays as "The Vortex". But, as you see, I was a suburban boy, born and bred in the suburbs of London, which I've always loved and always will." "This Happy Breed", like his short play "Fumed Oak", is one of his rare stage depictions of suburban life.
Plot.
Act 1.
The Gibbons family has just moved into 17 Sycamore Road in Clapham in South London. Ethel expresses her relief that her husband Frank has survived army service in World War I and her pleasure at moving into their new home. Their new next-door neighbour, Bob Mitchell, introduces himself. He turns out to be an old army colleague of Frank's, and the two reminisce.
After Christmas dinner, the grown-ups, Frank and Ethel, Ethel's mother Mrs Flint and Frank's sister Sylvia, have retired to another room to leave the young people alone. These are Frank and Ethel's children, Vi, "a pleasant nondescript-looking girl of twenty", Queenie, "a year younger... prettier and a trifle flashy", Reg, aged eighteen, "a nice-looking intelligent boy", Reg's friend Sam and Queenie's friend Phyllis. Sam indulges in a spot of socialist preaching against capitalism and injustice. The young women fail to accord him the respect he thinks he deserves, and he and Reg leave. Bob Mitchell's son Billy visits the house. He is left alone with Queenie, and there is a short love scene between them. Queenie baffles him by saying that she so hates suburban life that she would not make him a good wife. She rushes out. Frank enters and encourages Billy. After Billy leaves, Ethel and Frank chat together, partly to avoid Sylvia's singing in the room next door and partly for the pleasure of each other's company.
It is the time of the General Strike of 1926. The women of the household bicker. Frank and Bob are strike-breaking as volunteer driver and conductor of a London bus. Reg, encouraged by Sam, is backing the strikers and has not been seen for some days. Frank and Bob enter, singing "Rule, Britannia!" at the top of their voices, having had a few drinks to celebrate their successful strike-breaking. Sam and Reg enter, the latter slightly injured from a fracas connected with the strike. Vi confronts Sam for leading Reg astray and throws him out. Left alone together, Frank and Reg exchange views, Frank's being traditionalist and Reg's idealistic. They bid each other good night on good terms.
Act 2.
On Reg's wedding day, Frank gives him paternal advice. The women of the household bicker. Queenie again complains of the tedium of suburban life. The family all leave for Reg and Phyl's wedding ceremony.
Queenie tip-toes downstairs in street clothes, carrying a suitcase. She puts a letter on the mantelpiece and leaves. Frank and Bob arrive after a convivial evening at a regimental dinner and amiably discuss the world in general. Ethel, woken by their noise, tells them off. Bob leaves. Frank and Ethel see Queenie's letter and open it. She has been having an affair with a married man and has run off with him. Ethel disowns Queenie as a member of the family. Frank is shocked at Ethel's intransigence. They retire to bed unhappily.
The older members of the family discuss a letter they have received from Queenie in France. They are interrupted by the news that Reg and his wife have been killed in a road accident.
Act 3.
The family have been listening to ex-king Edward VIII's abdication broadcast. Mrs Flint is no longer alive, Vi and Sam, now married, have become comfortably middle-aged. Billy enters with the news that he has run into Queenie in Menton. Her lover had left her and returned to his wife, leaving Queenie stranded. After some prevarication Billy says that Queenie is with him and indeed is now his wife. Queenie enters, and there is an awkward but loving reconciliation between her and Ethel.
It is the time of Neville Chamberlain's return from Munich and the false hopes of averting war. Sylvia is as delighted by the Munich agreement as Frank is bitterly opposed to it. Bob comes in to say goodbye. He is moving to the country. He and Frank reminisce and look forward to the future anxiously.
Frank and Ethel are about to move to the country. The house is now almost empty of furniture as they prepare to leave. Frank is left alone with his youngest grandchild, also called Frank. He talks to the baby philosophically, in a long monologue about what it means to be British. Ethel calls him to supper.
Critical reception.
"The Times", noting that "This Happy Breed" had opened the night after the London première of "Present Laughter", commented, "both plays, though widely separated in mood and kind, are successful, the one attaining to brilliant comedy, the other creating and sustaining an interest in a family of the lower middle class which may fairly be called absorbing... Mr Coward keeps firm control of his narrative and in his own part occasionally permits himself to speak for an England which, though tired, is still possessed of an invincible stamina." "The Manchester Guardian" thought some of the scenes too long, but added "the author's skill is shown in each one, unabated and breaking fresh ground; the play obviously moved and excited the audience, and we must admit, once again, that Mr Coward remains one of the most remarkable men of the theatre of our time." "The Daily Express" wrote, "Mr Coward's Clapham cavalcade is perfectly acted. It is history dramatised in the back parlour and a most moving portrait of small people living greatly.
Adaptations.
A 1944 film adaptation, also called "This Happy Breed", was directed by David Lean and starred Robert Newton and Celia Johnson. John Mills also plays Billy in the film.
In 2007 BBC Radio 4 broadcast a radio adaptation of the play, starring John Moffatt, Rosemary Leach, Anna Cropper and Doris Hare. The audio play was released on CD in 2011, part of the Classic Radio Theatre series.

</doc>
<doc id="2838056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838056" title="Hluboká">
Hluboká

Hluboká () is a name of several locations in the Czech Republic:

</doc>
<doc id="2838061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838061" title="XMLVend">
XMLVend

XMLVend is a South African developed, open interface standard, which facilitates the sale of prepaid electricity credit between electricity utilities and clients. It is an application of Web Services to facilitate trade between various types of devices and a utility prepayment vending server.
This standard is already being introduced and used in prepaid water. 

</doc>
<doc id="2838066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838066" title="Sarah Kemp">
Sarah Kemp

Sarah Kemp is an actress best known for starring in the Australian soap opera "Sons and Daughters", playing the highly popular but rather dizzy character, of socialite Charlie Bartlett, from 1982 to 1987.
Early life and Career.
Her real name is Gypsy Kemp but she changed it to Sarah Kemp as when she was young it was such an unusual name. Her first credited role on TV was in the series Shoestring which appeared on BBC television between 1979 and 1980. She played an Australian hitchhiker. Her name appears as Gypsy Kemp in the credits, but in Shoestring she is listed as appearing as Sarah Kemp in The Partnership. She then appeared in "Sporting Chance" in 1981. Her last credited role was in the TV movie, "Mercy Mission: The Rescue of Flight 771" in 1993. Sarah Kemp's parents are English and before "Sons and Daughters", her credits include two episodes of "Doctor Who" entitled "Day of the Daleks" (1972), and an episode of "The Benny Hill Show". She has now quit acting and works as an English teacher.
Political.
Kemp ran for the New South Wales Legislative Council in 1999 on the Unity Party ticket.

</doc>
<doc id="2838077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838077" title="Richard R. Schrock">
Richard R. Schrock

Richard Royce Schrock (born January 4, 1945) is an American chemist and Nobel laureate recognized for his contributions to the olefin metathesis reaction used in organic chemistry.
Biography.
Born in Berne, Indiana, Schrock went to Mission Bay High School in San Diego, California. He holds a B.A. (1967) from the University of California, Riverside and a Ph. D. (1971) from Harvard University. At Harvard he studied under J.A. Osborn. In 1971–72, he carried out postdoctoral studies at the University of Cambridge with Lord Jack Lewis. In 1972, he was hired by DuPont, where he worked at the Experimental Station in Wilmington, Delaware in the group of George Parshall. He joined the faculty of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1975 and became full professor in 1980.
He has held his current post, the Frederick G. Keyes Professor of Chemistry, at MIT since 1989. Schrock is a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, National Academy of Sciences and was elected to the Board of Overseers of Harvard University in 2007.
He is co-founder and member of the board of, a Swiss-based company focused on the development and application of proprietary metathesis catalyst.
He married Nancy Carlson in 1971 and has two children, Andrew and Eric. Nancy Schrock is the Thomas F. Peterson, Jr. Conservator of Special Collections for the MIT Libraries. The family lives in Winchester, Massachusetts.
Nobel Prize.
In 2005, Schrock received the Nobel Prize in Chemistry, with Robert H. Grubbs and Yves Chauvin, for his work in the area of olefin metathesis, an organic synthesis technique. Schrock was the first to elucidate the structure and mechanism of so-called 'black box' olefin metathesis catalysts. Initial work at DuPont involved the synthesis of tantalum alkylidenes, alkylidenes being a crucial resting state in the catalytic cycle of olefin metathesis. His work at MIT has led to a detailed understanding of a group of molybdenum alkylidenes and alkylidynes which are active olefin and alkyne methathesis catalysts, respectively. Schrock has done much work to demonstrate that metallacyclobutanes are the key intermediate in olefin metathesis, with metallacyclobutadienes being the key intermediate in alkyne methathesis.
Many supporting ligands have been explored in efforts to better understand the nature of the single molecule catalysts, most notably 2,6-diisopropylphenylimido and adamantylimido, as well as various tert-butyl alkoxides with varying degrees of fluorination. The prototypical Schrock catalyst is (R"O)2(R'N)Mo(CHR) where R = tert-butyl, R' = 2,6-diisopropylphenyl, and R" = C(Me)(CF3)2. Such catalysts are now commercially available from such major suppliers as Sigma-Aldrich, and are used frequently in synthetic applications of olefin metathesis. Schrock's work is ongoing with goals of furthering the understanding of metathesis selectivity, developing new catalyst architectures, as well as projects outside of metathesis, such as elucidating the mechanism of dinitrogen fixation and developing single molecule catalysts which form ammonia from dinitrogen, mimicking the activity of nitrogenase enzymes in biology.
Schrock carbenes are named after Schrock.

</doc>
<doc id="2838079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838079" title="Heptateuch">
Heptateuch

The Heptateuch (seven containers) is a name sometimes given to the first seven books of the Hebrew Bible. The seven books are Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers, Deuteronomy, Joshua and Judges. The first five of these are commonly known as the Torah or the Pentateuch, the first six as the Hexateuch. With the addition of the Book of Ruth, it becomes the Octateuch. The "Enneateuch" is the Heptateuch plus the Books of Samuel and the Books of Kings (each pair of books counted as one, and not including the Book of Ruth).
Augustine of Hippo produced a piece called "Questions on the Heptateuch". Ælfric of Eynsham produced an Old English version of the Heptateuch.

</doc>
<doc id="2838082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838082" title="Loïc Bigois">
Loïc Bigois

Loïc Bigois (born September 19, 1960 in Aix-en-Provence, France) is a Formula One aerodynamicist.
After studying engineering in Paris and Aix-en-Provence, Bigois relocated to Toulouse and began working in the aerospace industry. He was recruited by the Ligier F1 team in 1990 and for several years moved between the mid-field teams. In the late 1990s he returned to Ligier and remained as Chief Designer through the transition to Prost Grand Prix before being recruited by Minardi to become their Head of Aerodynamics in mid-2001.
In 2003 he was recruited by Williams as Chief Aerodynamicist, succeededing Antonia Terzi. Bigois worked alongside Jörg Zander who replaced Gavin Fisher as Chief Designer in September 2005. Both Bigois and Zander worked under Technical Director Sam Michael.
On 2 July 2007, it was announced that he had agreed to join the Honda Racing F1 team and as a result, was suspended by Williams.
In 2009, the team was reformed as Brawn GP but Bigois continued in the role of Head of Aerodynamics. Brawn GP subsequently won both the Drivers' and Constructors' championships, leading to Bigois being awarded the Dino Toso Racecar Aerodynamicist of the Year Award.
Bigois was the Head of Aerodynamics at Mercedes GP which bought out Brawn GP following their double championship winning season until he decided to leave the team in June 2012.
Following his departure from the Mercedes team, rumours emerging in Italian (Autosprint) and French (AutoHebo) newspapers linked Bigois with the Maranello-based team Scuderia Ferrari. Bigois would join Ferrari as Head of Aerodynamics before the end of the year, after a long period of gardening leave.

</doc>
<doc id="2838088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838088" title="Cast of Shadows">
Cast of Shadows

Cast of Shadows is a 2005 suspense novel by the American writer Kevin Guilfoile. It was published in the United Kingdom under the title Wicker.
Plot summary.
The book's plot is set in the near future at a time when cloning has been legalised in the United States of America. It is based around a Chicago-based cloning doctor, Davis Moore, whose daughter is brutally raped and killed. The doctor uses the DNA of the murderer to clone him. The resulting clone is a boy called Justin Finn, which Moore follows throughout his life, hoping that the boy will offer him a glimpse into the psyche of the killer and perhaps enable him to find the identity of his daughter's murderer.

</doc>
<doc id="2838091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838091" title="Almas Kishkenbayev">
Almas Kishkenbayev

Almas Kishkenbayev (Kaz: Алмас Кiшкенбаев) (born June 1, 1985 in Qyzylorda, Kazakh SSR, Soviet Union) is a singer who rose to popularity after winning "SuperStar KZ", the Kazakh version of "Pop Idol", shown by Perviy Kanal Evraziya.
Almas is also the second only Idol winner who was previously a "Wildcard" on the show, next to Canada's Ryan Malcolm from Canadian Idol. Almas advanced to the finals as the jury's choice even though he received 3rd highest votes.
Nikolai Pokotylo - 27.4%
Favourite actors: Leonardo DiCaprio & Kate Winslet.
SuperStar KZ performances.
Kyzylorda Auditions: 
Semi Finals: 
Wildcards: 
Top 12: "You're My Everything"
Top 11: "Говори"
Top 10: "Последняя Поэма" by Valeriya
Top 9: "Everything I Do (I Do It For You)" by Bryan Adams
Top 8: "Жігіттер Жыры" by Dos-Mukasan
Top 7: "Soli"
Top 6: "Беловежская Пуща"
Top 5: "Love To See You Cry" by Enrique Iglesias
Top 5: "Insatiable by" Darren Hayes
Top 4: "Немного Жаль" by Filipp Kirkorov
Top 4: "О, Махаббат" by Medeu Arynbayev
Top 3: "Belle"
Top 3: "Девушки, Как Звезды" by Andrey Gubin
Grand Final: "Три Волшебных Слова"
Grand Final: "Кен Дала"
Grand Final: "Love To See You Cry" by Enrique Iglesias
Discography.
<br>
Мой HiT #1 (My HiT #1) singing "Золотая Пора" (Golden Season)
<br>
Мой HiT 3 (My HiT #3) singing "Мәңгілікке"

</doc>
<doc id="2838094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838094" title="National Oceanography Centre">
National Oceanography Centre

The National Oceanography Centre (NOC) is a marine science research and technology institution based on two sites in Southampton and Liverpool, United Kingdom. It is the UK’s largest institution for integrated sea level science, coastal and deep ocean research and technology development.
The NOC is wholly owned by the Natural Environment Research Council (NERC) and was formed in April 2010 by bringing together the NERC-managed activity at the National Oceanography Centre, Southampton and Liverpool’s Proudman Oceanographic Laboratory.
The centre was set up to work in close partnership with institutions across the UK marine science community to address key science challenges, including sea level change, the oceans’ role in climate change, predicting and simulating the behaviour of the oceans through computer modelling, the future of the Arctic Ocean and long-term monitoring technologies.
Marine science national capability.
The NOC provides the bulk of the UK’s capability to meet the needs of the country’s marine research community.
National marine capability provided by the NOC includes Royal Research Ships, and (which is due for replacement in 2014), deep submersibles, including the Autosub autonomous underwater vehicles (AUVs), advanced ocean sensors and other instruments.
Across its two sites, the National Oceanography Centre is responsible for the global mean sea level data archive, the UK’s sea level monitoring system for flood warning and climate change, the national archive of subsea sediment cores (British Ocean Sediment Core Research Facility), the National Oceanographic Library, which houses the nationally important and HMS "Challenger" archives, and the UK’s main facility for holding and distributing data concerning the marine environment.
History.
The National Oceanography Centre’s waterfront headquarters were opened in 1996 by HRH the Duke of Edinburgh, as the Southampton Oceanography Centre. It brought together the University of Southampton's departments of oceanography and geology with the Institute of Oceanographic Sciences, formerly based in Wormley, Surrey, and Research Vessel Services, formerly based in Barry Docks, South Wales.
It was renamed the National Oceanography Centre, Southampton in 2005, again by HRH the Duke of Edinburgh, its new name reflecting its prominence in ocean and earth sciences within the UK.
Until April 2010, the National Oceanography Centre, Southampton was jointly owned by the University of Southampton and the Natural Environment Research Council. The term National Oceanography Centre, Southampton continues to be used to describe the collaborative relationship at the waterfront campus.
The National Oceanography Centre’s Liverpool site, on the University of Liverpool campus, was formerly the Proudman Oceanographic Laboratory and specialises in tidal and sea level science. It hosts the National Tidal and Sea Level Facility, the Permanent Service for Mean Sea Level and the British Oceanographic Data Centre. It was formerly housed at the Bidston Observatory on the Wirral until before moving to the University of Liverpool campus in 2004. It maintained a popular web presence displaying realtime weather and ocean data, but since mid 2013 has failed to continue to maintain these services.
NOC Association.
The NOC is at the centre of a strategic network of partners and associates - at universities and research institutes - working collaboratively with the Centre in its support of world-class research, technology development and training the scientists of the future. Together, these organisations form the NOC Association, sharing in the delivery of the NERC’s marine science priorities.
Partners.
The NOC’s partners include the University of Southampton, whose Ocean and Earth Science academic unit is co-located at the NOC’s dockside headquarters, home to around 520 research scientists, engineers and technicians, ship operations and support staff, as well as around 700 undergraduate and postgraduate students. The University of Liverpool is the NOC’s other hosting partner and postgraduate students are taught in a research-led environment in NOC's Joseph Proudman Building on the university's campus.
The NOC is responsible for managing UK marine science national capability. This includes provision of major facilities, programmes of sustained observing, survey, mapping, data management and other functions. The NOC also manages contracts placed by NERC with other organisations to provide some national capability functions. Such organisations are known as Delivery Partners and include:
The centre is committed to international engagement and has developed a range of international partnerships through the International and Strategic Partnerships Office, including an alliance of Europe’s three principal oceanographic research institutions with Ifremer of France and IFM Geomar of Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="2838114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838114" title="River Bulbourne">
River Bulbourne

The River Bulbourne is a river in Hertfordshire, England. It runs from Dudswell in Northchurch, through Berkhamsted, Bourne End and Boxmoor to where it joins the River Gade at Two Waters in Apsley near Hemel Hempstead. The total length of the river is 11 km.
Its actual source is disputed. Claims are made for the village of Bulbourne and also for springs above Dudswell. Much of the Grand Union Canal was dug along the course of the original river.
In October 2011 concerns were raised about local water levels when the River Bulbourne dried up. Local commentators blamed increased water consumption brought about by the number of new property developments in Berkhamsted, although the Environment Agency and the Veolia water company claimed it was due to a low water table caused by lack of rainfall.
The Bourne Gutter is a small tributary of the Bulbourne rising between Berkhamsted and Bourne End. According to local legend it is a "Woe Water", said to only flow at time of national emergency. Its recent flows in 1990 and 2001 coincided with wars between Britain and Iraq then the Twin Towers disaster. It is presently flowing (February 2014) due to the exceptionally wet winter being experienced nationwide.

</doc>
<doc id="2838120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838120" title="Vaali">
Vaali

Vaali is a 1999 Tamil thriller film written and directed by S. J. Suryah. The film stars Ajith Kumar in a dual role with Simran appearing in another leading role. The supporting cast of the film include Jyothika in her debut venture, Livingston and Vivek. The film's music is composed by the music director, Deva while Jeeva was in charge of the cinematography. The film released on 1 May 1999 to critical acclaim and went on to become a commercial success. 
Plot.
In Hindu mythology, "Vaali" is the name of one of the monkey princes who has been blocked in a cave by his brother Sugreev by mistake and later marries his "widow" and the plot of the film too follows this legend. Deva (Ajith Kumar) and Shiva (Ajith) are the twins. Deva, the elder, is deaf and mute. But he is a genius, an expert at lip-reading and the head of a successful advertising company. Shiva loves and trusts his brother. Priya (Simran) wants to marry only someone who is an ex-smoker, an ex-drunkard and ditched by a girl but still pining for her. Learning this, Shiva invents an old romance between him and Sona (Jyothika) and finds his way into Priya's heart.
Deva meanwhile chances upon Priya and becomes obsessed with attaining her. His obsession continues even after his younger brother gets married to the girl of his dreams and he devises various means of getting close to Priya and keeping Shiva and her separated. Some of the methods Deva uses to woo Priya are masochistic (wounding his hand by the running car engine to stop the couple’s first night) and psychotic (trying to kill his brother in so many ways).
Priya realises the not-so-honourable intentions Deva has towards her but Shiva refuses to believe her and has full faith in his brother. He even goes as far as to take Priya to a psychiatrist. To get away from it all, Shiva and Priya go on a long-delayed honeymoon. But Deva shows up there too. Shiva watches Deva kissing the photo of Priya and realises Priya was right all along. While Shiva is away, Priya has to take care of Deva. Deva beats Shiva mercilessly, packs the unconscious Shiva in a gunny bag and throws him in a lorry.
Deva disguises himself as Shiva and goes near Priya. Priya comes to know he is Deva and escapes from him before shooting him with her revolver. Deva falls in pool and when Shiva comes she narrates the whole incident to him. Suddenly, Deva comes back to life, but Shiva immediately kills him with the revolver. Deva's soul talks about his inability to express his feeling as he was mute. His grave with lots of flowers grown on it is shown.
Production.
S. J. Suryaah had worked as an assistant director in Vasanth's "Aasai" which featured Ajith Kumar as well as working with him during the making of "Ullaasam". Ajith asked Suryaah to prepare a good script and promised he would give him a chance to make his directorial debut. Subsequently the pair approached S. S. Chakravarthy, a producer, to make a film. Keerthi Reddy was announced to be the lead actress in the film in December 1997, though she was replaced by Simran before filming began. It had also been reported that Roja would play another role, although this proved to be untrue. Jyothika, sister of actress Nagma, made her debut in the film as an imaginary character, Sona, narrated by Ajith's character in which she won "Amudha Surabhi" Best Actress New Comer Award.
About the making of the film, Ajith mentioned that "Vaali" "was very close to my heart and I gave it everything I had", revealing that he had initially received a lot of bad publicity and scepticism for doing a dual role too early in his career.
Release.
The "Deccan Herald" described it as "definitely worth seeing" saying it "has something for all tastes — a pleasant love angle, some suspense, complex psychological nuances, good acting, pleasing songs" while praising Ajith's performance. The reviewer from Indolink.com labelled the film as "a classic in its own right", praising the performances of Ajith Kumar and Simran while describing Suryaah as "a new young director to the cine field who can make Tamil Cinema be proud once again". "The New Indian Express" labelled Simran's portrayal as "outstanding" while mentioning Surya does a "fairly good job and succeeds".The film became a commercial success and provided a breakthrough for both Ajith and Simran's career.
Awards.
Filmfare Awards South
Cinema Express Awards
Remakes.
It was later dubbed into Telugu as "Vaali" and Hindi as "Vaalee", as a result of the success of the Tamil version. The film was remade in Kannada as "Vaalee" with Sudeep playing lead role.

</doc>
<doc id="2838121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838121" title="Yves Chauvin">
Yves Chauvin

Yves Chauvin (born October 10, 1930) is a French chemist and Nobel Prize laureate. He is honorary research director at the "Institut français du pétrole" and a member of the French Academy of Science. Chauvin received his degree from the Lyon School of Chemistry, Physics and Electronics in 1954.
Life.
He was awarded the 2005 Nobel Prize in Chemistry, along with Robert H. Grubbs and Richard R. Schrock, for his work from the early 1970s in the area of olefin metathesis. Chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated that he may not accept it. He did however receive his award from the King of Sweden and deliver his Nobel lecture.
Metathesis involves organic (carbon-based) compounds. Nearly all organic molecules consist of chains, rings, or more complex frameworks of carbon atoms to which atoms of other elements can be attached. Single, double, or triple chemical bonds connect the atoms in these molecules. Double bonds are much stronger than single bonds, making it difficult for chemists to break double bonds to form new compounds. In metathesis, chemists break double bonds more easily by introducing a catalyst—that is, a substance that starts or speeds up a chemical reaction. Chemists began performing metathesis in the 1950s without knowing exactly how the reaction worked. This lack of understanding hindered the search for more efficient catalysts.
In 1971, Chauvin explained metathesis in detail. He showed that the reaction involves two double bonds. One of the double bonds connects two parts of an organic molecule. The other double bond connects a metal-based catalyst to a fragment of an organic molecule. In metathesis, these two double bonds combine and split to make four single bonds. The single bonds form a ring that connects the metal catalyst, the organic fragment, and the two parts of the organic molecule. The metal catalyst then breaks off from the ring, carrying away part of the organic molecule. This process leaves the fragment attached to the remainder of the organic molecule with a double bond, forming a new organic compound. Scholars have compared this reaction to a dance in which two sets of partners join hands to form a ring and then split apart again to form two new partnerships.
Chauvin’s description of metathesis led Grubbs and Schrock to develop catalysts that carried out the reaction more efficiently. The three chemists’ work has enabled manufacturers to make organic compounds, including some plastics and medicines, using fewer harmful and expensive chemicals.
Chauvin was born October 10, 1930, in Menen, Belgium. In 1954, he earned a master’s degree from the Lyon School of Industrial Chemistry (now known as the Lyon School of Chemistry, Physics, and Electronics). In 1960, Chauvin began working for the French Petroleum Institute in Rueil-Malmaison. He became honorary director of research there following his retirement from the institute in 1995. Chauvin also serves as an emeritus (retired) director of research at the Lyon School of Chemistry, Physics, and Electronics.
References.
"Chauvin, Yves." World Book Student. World Book, 2011. Web. 21 March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="2838128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838128" title="Kelong">
Kelong

Kelong (sometimes spelt Kellong) is a Malay word describing a form of offshore platform built predominantly with wood, which can be found in waters off Malaysia, the Philippines and Indonesia. Only a handful remain around Singapore due to rapid urbanisation.
Kelongs are built by fishermen primarily for fishing purposes, although larger structures can also function as dwellings for them and their families. They are built without the need for nails, using "rattan" to bind tree trunks and wooden planks together. Anchored into the sea bed using wooden piles of about 20 metres in length and driven about six metres into the sea, they are usually sited in shallow water, although some can be found in deeper waters. Some Kelongs are less isolated and are connected to land via a wooden gangway. Other variants of Kelongs can be mobile, or may involve a large groups of Kelongs joined together into a massive offshore community.
In modern Singlish usage, the word "kelong" is now used as a suggestion of match fixing by referees, in particular in the context of football.

</doc>
<doc id="2838129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838129" title="Cauchy's theorem (group theory)">
Cauchy's theorem (group theory)

Cauchy's theorem is a theorem in the mathematics of group theory, named after Augustin Louis Cauchy. It states that if "G" is a finite group and "p" is a prime number dividing the order of "G" (the number of elements in "G"), then "G" contains an element of order "p". That is, there is "x" in "G" so that "p" is the lowest non-zero number with "x""p" = "e", where "e" is the identity element.
The theorem is related to Lagrange's theorem, which states that the order of any subgroup of a finite group "G" divides the order of "G". Cauchy's theorem implies that for any prime divisor "p" of the order of "G", there is a subgroup of "G" whose order is "p"—the cyclic group generated by the element in Cauchy's theorem.
Cauchy's theorem is generalised by Sylow's first theorem, which implies that if "p""n" is any prime power dividing the order of "G", then G has a subgroup of order "p""n".
Statement and proof.
Many texts appear to prove the theorem with the use of strong induction and the class equation, though considerably less machinery is required to prove the theorem in the abelian case. One can also invoke group actions for the proof.
Theorem: Let "G" be a finite group and "p" be a prime. If "p" divides the order of "G", then "G" has an element of order "p".
Proof 1.
We first prove the special case that where "G" is abelian, and then the general case; both proofs are by induction on "n" = |"G"|, and have as starting case "n" = "p" which is trivial because any non-identity element now has order "p". Suppose first that "G" is abelian. Take any non-identity element "a", and let "H" be the cyclic group it generates. If "p" divides |"H"|, then "a"|"H"|/"p" is an element of order "p". If "p" does not divide |"H"|, then it divides the order ["G":"H"] of the quotient group "G"/"H", which therefore contains an element of order "p" by the inductive hypothesis. That element is a class "xH" for some "x" in "G", and if "m" is the order of "x" in "G", then "x""m" = "e" in "G" gives ("xH")"m" = "eH" in "G"/"H", so "p" divides "m"; as before "x""m"/"p" is now an element of order "p" in "G", completing the proof for the abelian case.
In the general case, let "Z" be the center of "G", which is an abelian subgroup. If "p" divides |"Z"|, then "Z" contains an element of order "p" by the case of abelian groups, and this element works for "G" as well. So we may assume that "p" does not divide the order of |"Z"|; since it does divide |"G"|, the class equation shows that there is at least one conjugacy class of a non-central element "a" whose size is not divisible by "p". But that size is ["G" : "C""G"("a")], so "p" divides the order of the centralizer "C""G"("a") of "a" in "G", which is a proper subgroup because "a" is not central. This subgroup contains an element of order "p" by the inductive hypothesis, and we are done.
Proof 2.
This proof uses the fact that for any action of a (cyclic) group of prime order "p", the only possible orbit sizes are 1 and "p", which is immediate from the orbit stabilizer theorem.
The set that our cyclic group shall act on is the set formula_1 of "p"-tuples of elements of "G" whose product (in order) gives the identity. Such a "p"-tuple is uniquely determined by all its components except the last one, as the last element must be the inverse of the product of those preceding elements. One also sees that those elements can be chosen freely, so "X" has |"G"|"p"−1 elements, which is divisible by "p".
Now from the fact that in a group if "ab" = "e" then also "ba" = "e", it follows that any cyclic permutation of the components of an element of "X" again gives an element of "X". Therefore one can define an action of the cyclic group "C""p" of order "p" on "X" by cyclic permutations of components, in other words in which a chosen generator of "C""p" sends formula_2.
As remarked, orbits in "X" under this action either have size 1 or size "p". The former happens precisely for those tuples ("x","x"...,"x") for which "x""p" = "e". Counting the elements of "X" by orbits, and reducing modulo "p", one sees that the number of elements satisfying "x""p" = "e" is divisible by "p". But "x" = "e" is one such element, so there must be at least other solutions for "x", and these solutions are elements of order "p". This completes the proof.
Uses.
A practically immediate consequence of Cauchy's Theorem is a useful characterization of finite "p"-groups, where "p" is a prime. In particular, a finite group "G" is a "p"-group (i.e. all of its elements have order "p""k" for some natural number "k") if and only if "G" has order "p""n" for some natural number "n". One may use the abelian case of Cauchy's Theorem in an inductive proof of first of Sylow's Theorems, similar to the first proof above, although there also exist proofs that avoid doing this special case separately.

</doc>
<doc id="2838133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838133" title="Louise Hay">
Louise Hay

Louise Hay (born October 8, 1926) is an American motivational author, and the founder of Hay House. She has authored several New Thought self-help books, and is best known for her 1984 book, "You Can Heal Your Life".
Biography.
Hay recounted her life story in an interview with Mark Oppenheimer of the "New York Times" in May 2008. In it Hay stated that she was born in Los Angeles to a poor mother who remarried Louise's violent stepfather. According to Hay, when she was about 5, she was raped by a neighbor. At 15 she dropped out of high school without a diploma, became pregnant and, on her 16th birthday, gave up her newborn baby girl for adoption. She then moved to Chicago, where she worked in low-paying jobs. In 1950 she moved on again - to New York. At this point she changed her name and began a career as a fashion model. She achieved success, working for Bill Blass, Oleg Cassini and Pauline Trigère. In 1954 she married the English businessman Andrew Hay, after 14 years of marriage, she felt devastated when he left her for another woman.
Hay said that about this time she found the First Church of Religious Science on 48th Street, which taught her the transformative power of thought. Hay revealed that here she studied the New Thought works of authors like Florence Scovel Shinn, who claimed that positive thinking could change people’s material circumstances, and the Religious Science founder Ernest Holmes, who taught that positive thinking could heal the body.
By Hay's account, in the early 1970s she became a Religious Science practitioner. In this role she led people in spoken affirmations, which she believes would cure their illnesses, and became popular as a workshop leader. She also recalled how she had studied Transcendental Meditation with the Maharishi Mahesh Yogi at the Maharishi International University in Fairfield, Iowa.
Hay described how in 1977 or 1978 she was diagnosed with "incurable" cervical cancer, and how she came to the conclusion that by holding on to her resentment for her childhood abuse and rape she had contributed to its onset. She reported how she had refused conventional medical treatment, and began a regime of forgiveness, coupled with therapy, nutrition, reflexology and occasional enemas. She claimed in the interview that she rid herself of the cancer by this method, but, while swearing to its truth, declared that there is no doctor left alive who can confirm this story.
In 1976, Hay wrote her first book "Heal Your Body", which began as a small pamphlet containing a list of different bodily ailments and their “probable” metaphysical causes. This pamphlet was later enlarged and extended into her book "You Can Heal Your Life", published in 1984 As of February 2008, it was second on the New York Times miscellaneous paperback best-sellers list.
Around the same time she began leading support groups for people living with H.I.V. or AIDS which she called ""Hay Rides"". These grew from a few people in her living room to hundreds of men in a large hall in West Hollywood. Her work with AIDS patients drew fame and she was invited to appear on “The Oprah Winfrey Show” and “Donahue” in the same week, in March 1988. Following this, "You Can Heal Your Life" immediately landed on the New York Times best-seller list. More than 50 million copies sold around the world in over 30 languages and it also has been made into a movie. "You Can Heal Your Life" is also included in the book "50 Self-Help Classics" for being significant in its field. Some of these statistics are open to question however.
Louise Hay wrote, on page 225 of her book, (December 2008 printing) that the book has ". . .sold more than thirty five million copies". It was announced in 2011 that "You Can Heal your Life" had reached 40 million sales.
Publishing.
In 1984, Louise Hay established Hay House Publishing Firm. In 1988 Reid Tracy joined the company as an accountant and would eventually become its CEO. The business flourished and attracted various writers. Now Hay House is the primary publisher of books and audio books by Deepak Chopra and Doreen Virtue, as well as many books by Wayne Dyer. Hay House also publishes the teachings of Abraham, channeled through Esther Hicks. Hay House Inc. now publishes over 130 authors.
In addition to running her publishing company, Hay runs a charitable organization called the Hay Foundation, which she founded in 1985.
In 2008, a movie about Louise Hay's life was released, titled "You Can Heal Your Life". In Louise's own words from the movie's official website: "This movie is the story of my life, my teachings, and how I've applied the principles of my teachings to my own life." The movie also features notable speakers and authors in the field of personal development including Gregg Braden, Wayne Dyer, Gay Hendricks, Esther & Jerry Hicks, and Doreen Virtue; it was directed by Emmy Award winning Director Michael Goorjian. In the same year Louise Hay was presented with a Minerva Award at The Women's Conference
In September 2011, Louise Hay and Cheryl Richardson released their book "You Can Create An Exceptional Life".

</doc>
<doc id="2838134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838134" title="George Geary">
George Geary

George Geary (9 July 1893, Barwell, Leicestershire, England – 6 March 1981, Leicester, England) was the greatest cricketer Leicestershire produced before the advent of David Gower and one of the best and hardest-working bowlers of the inter-war period.
Abilities.
Above medium pace and right-handed, Geary was able to swing the new ball very effectively but relied for most of his success on his amazing persistence and ability to bowl with slight yet well-disguised variations of pace and cut. He was able to bowl quite incredible numbers of overs on unresponsive pitches, as shown in the last Test of the 1928/1929 Ashes tour, when he bowled an amazing 81 overs on a typical billiard-table Australian wicket in very hot weather. Because he was tall and very solidly built, he was able both to get bounce and to bowl the long spells required for success in Australian conditions which destroyed the reputations of all English bowlers of slighter build.
Geary was also a capable lower order batsman who usually relied upon hitting, but could get runs with a quiet, if unstylish determination when they were desperately needed. Though he never scored a thousand runs - his best aggregates were 923 in 1929 and 900 in 1925 - his runs were frequently of great value to a county that never possessed any of the exceptionally high-class batsmen other counties could command in Geary's heyday. Owing to his considerable height and reach, Geary was an excellent slip catcher and, despite all the bowling he had to do, almost always his county's leading fielder.
Early career.
For all his impressive build and strength, and his shrewd skill, George Geary proved a quite nervous starter in the cricket world. He played a few times for Leicestershire in 1912, and in 1913 established himself as the leading bowler of what became a very weak bowling side in good weather owing to the tragic illness of Tom Jayes. The last year before the First World War saw Geary come right to the from with 114 wickets for just over 20 runs apiece, far ahead of any other bowler in the team.
While serving in the air force during the war, Geary was unlucky to have his leg cut by an aeroplane propeller and this affected, at least temporarily, his great strength and powerful build. After a very disappointing season in 1919 in which his wickets cost over 34 runs each, Geary did not play a single first-class game in 1920 - preferring the financial incentives of a Lancashire League professional job. He played a few times in midweek games in 1921, and was so successful that he took 23 wickets on unresponsive pitches and decided to commit himself to Leicestershire again.
He was bowled relatively little (though with good success) during 1922, but the following year saw him advance into the elite of bowlers with 115 wickets for less the eighteen runs apiece, and in 1924, seemingly out of necessity given the terrible weakness of Leicestershire's batting, Geary advanced so much that he scored 864 runs for an average of 24, which was excellent in so appallingly wet a summer, and was probably denied the "double" only by an injury during June. His Test debut against a weak South African side was due only to England experimenting after the rubber had been decided and was of no consequence. Remarkably given how little service he had given to Leicestershire, Geary received a benefit but it was severely affected by rain.
Test career.
In 1925 he advanced even further, scoring a maiden century against Kent, then June 1926 saw Geary produce two of his finest performances against powerful batting sides (even considering the treacherous pitches): he took fourteen cheap wickets against both Hampshire and Lancashire. The latter match was Lancashire's last defeat for over a year and a half. He consequently played in two of the Tests that year and saved England from defeat at Headingley with some steady batting whilst George Macaulay hit up 76, but took only three wickets. 1927, with so many very dead wickets, was a struggle for Geary, but on the matting wickets of South Africa he bowled so well to be regarded as the most dangerous bowler since the incomparable Sydney Barnes, taking twelve wickets at Johannesburg.
However, a severe arm injury ruled Geary out of the last three Tests and, though he batted with some success in many games in 1928, he could bowl so little that he took only ten expensive wickets. Yet, his powerful build was seen as so vital for the rock-hard Australian pitches that Geary, with the reputation he had acquired, was still chosen. He proved a great success, heading the averages and working amazingly hard to back up probably the strongest batting side any country has ever fielded - so strong that men of such class as Phil Mead and Ernest Tyldesley could not keep their Test places. Following on from this, 1929 was his best season ever, for he exceeded 150 wickets and on a rain-affected pitch against an admittedly weak Glamorgan batting lineup had the astonishing figures of "10 wickets for 18 runs", which was at the time the best bowling figures in the history of first-class cricket. He also had his highest ever batting aggregate with 923 runs. 1930, with the Australians back, saw Geary as powerless as all of England's other bowlers to stop the onslaught of Bradman, and he was also affected by injury. With Voce and Bowes developing had no chance of retaining his Test place in the following years. Geary still bowled well in the wet summers of 1931 and 1932, but the dry summer of 1933 was disastrous: Geary took only 40 wickets and not once took five in an innings.
However, despite further injuries, in 1934 he bowled so well when fit that he was chosen for two Tests but his only significant contribution was an innings of 53 against the marvellous leg spin bowling of Grimmett and O'Reilly at Trent Bridge. These were his last Tests.
Late career.
In 1935 Geary was in such deadly form on fiery or sticky pitches early in the season that, despite injuries hampering him later, he was second in the averages to Hedley Verity and took 11 for 40 in one match against Sussex. In his second benefit match the following year, Geary produced his best bowling since 1929 on a broken pitch with an amazing 7 for 7 and 13 for 43 in the match. His last two seasons in 1937 and 1938 saw him decline with the ball on improved Leicester pitches, but his batting in 1938 was so good that he averaged over 30 - far above any previous season - and hit three centuries.
Retirement and death.
His retirement at the end of that year did not mark the close of Geary's involvement with cricket. For over twenty years after that he was cricket coach at Charterhouse and in that time was seen as one of the best coaches any school has ever had. Most notably, the brilliant batsman Peter May admitted that Geary's coaching played a vital role in his development. After he left Charterhouse in 1959, Geary went to Rugby School, who were desperate for assistance to develop young players and improved their fortunes. Geary, as always, served them whole-heartedly, and he bowled, without the sweater to keep him cool, in the nets until he was about "seventy-seven", a testimony to his amazing endurance despite many injuries and other setbacks. He died after gradually failing health in 1981 at the age of eighty-seven.

</doc>
<doc id="2838141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838141" title="Menander (general)">
Menander (general)

Menander (; fl. 4th century BC) was an officer in the service of Alexander the Great. He was one of those called "etairoi", but he held the command of a body of mercenaries. He was appointed by Alexander to the government of Lydia, during the settlement of the affairs of Asia made by Alexander when at Tyre (Lebanon) (331 BC). Menander appears to have remained at that post until the year 323 BC, when he was commissioned to conduct a reinforcement of troops to Alexander at Babylon — he arrived there just before the king's last illness. In the division of the provinces, after the death of Alexander, Menander received his former government of Lydia, which he was quick to take possession of. 
He appears soon to have attached himself to the party of Antigonus and was the first to give Antigonus information about the ambitious schemes of Perdiccas for marrying Cleopatra. In the new distribution of the provinces at Triparadisus (321 BC) he lost the government of Lydia, which was given to Cleitus; but this was probably only in order that he might liaise more easily with Antigonus, as we find him commanding a part of Antigonus's army in the first campaign against Eumenes (320 BC). The following year, Menander learnt of the escape of Eumenes from Nora, and advanced with an army into Cappadocia to attack him, forcing him to take refuge in Cilicia. After this, no further mention of Menander is found in history.

</doc>
<doc id="2838145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838145" title="Kayrat Tuntekov">
Kayrat Tuntekov

Kayrat Tuntekov (Kaz: Қайрат Түнтеков) (born February 14, 1986 in Shymkent, Kazakh SSR, Soviet Union) is a Kazakh singer who rose to popularity after winning "SuperStar KZ 2", the Kazakh version of "Pop Idol", shown by Perviy Kanal Evraziya. Kayrat won in his semi final group with highest votes of 26.1% of the total vote to advance to the finals of SuperStar KZ 2. During the entire series Kayrat sang in no less than five languages - Kazakh, Russian, English, Spanish, Arabic and French.
Kayrat was famous for being in the same semi final group as first SuperStar KZ - Almas Kishkenbayev in 2003, but did not advance. This is the first Idol series where two or more eventual Idol winners have been in the same semi final group.
SuperStar KZ 2 performances.
Auditions: "Rock Your Body" by Justin Timberlake
Theatre Round: "One In A Million" by Bosson
Semi Finals: 
Top 12: "Rock Your Body" by Justin Timberlake
Top 11: "I Don't Want to Miss a Thing" by Aerosmith
Top 10: "Смуглянка" from the film "В Бой Идут Одни"
Top 9: "In the Army Now" by Status Quo
Top 8: "Obsésion (No Es Amor)" by Aventura
Top 7: "Бакыт Кушагында" by Shamshi Kaldayakov
Top 6: "Tellement 'N' Brick" by Faudel
Top 5: "Voglio D'Anima" by Toto Cutugno
Top 4: "Alive" by P.O.D.
Top 4: "(Go To) California" by Rob Zombie
Top 3: "It's Gonna Be Me" by 'N Sync
Top 3: "Eray" by Faudel
Grand Final: "Позови Меня"
Grand Final: "I Don't Want to Miss a Thing" by Aerosmith
Discography.
2005:Кайрат Тунтеков
Other recordings.
2006: Сенсің Әнім

</doc>
<doc id="2838149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838149" title="William Cowan (fur trader)">
William Cowan (fur trader)

Doctor William Cowan (1818 – June 20, 1902) was a physician and fur trader.
He was born in Scotland in 1818 and studied medicine at the University of Glasgow. He caught cholera during the epidemic of 1848–1849 and decided to move to Canada for his health. He went to Upper Fort Garry in the Red River settlement as a physician for a group being sent there.
In 1852, he was appointed chief magistrate and became a member of the Council of Assiniboia the following year. Cowan joined the Hudson's Bay Company as a doctor and fur trader and, in 1856, he was sent to Moose Factory. He became chief trader there in 1860. In 1862, he returned to Upper Fort Garry as second-in-command to the governor of Assiniboia, William Mactavish.
On November 2, 1869, Louis Riel and the National Committee took control of Upper Fort Garry. Cowan spent the winter under house arrest but is believed to have been sympathetic to Riel's group. In the spring, Cowan left the colony and returned to Britain on furlough.
On his retirement in 1871, Cowan returned to Saint Paul, Minnesota. In 1879, he helped establish the Manitoba Historical Society and served as its president from 1881 to 1882. He served as an honorary consultant for the Winnipeg General Hospital, incorporated in 1882. In 1885, he returned to St. Paul and died there in 1902.
Cowan's journals served as an important record of the early events in the Red River Rebellion.

</doc>
<doc id="2838151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838151" title="Camp Modin">
Camp Modin

Camp Modin is the oldest Jewish summer camp in New England. It was established in 1922 in what is now Lake George Regional Park in Canaan, Maine. In 1992 the camp moved to Salmon Lake in Maine's Belgrade Lakes region. An early example of a summer camp intended to provide Jewish children with Hebrew, religious, and cultural education as well as recreation, Camp Modin has been described as "the prototype for camps sponsored by every branch of the community, from socialist Zionists to Orthodox Jews."
Camp Modin is now a coed, non-denominational, pluralistic Jewish and kosher camp, employing over 180 professional teachers, mentors and counselors and providing more than 70 activities. It is accredited by the American Camp Association and is a member of both the Maine Youth Camping Association and the Maine Camp Experience.
History.
Camp Modin was founded by three couples who had studied under the influential Jewish educator Samson Benderly: Albert & Bertha Schoolman, Alexander & Julia Dushkin, and Isaac & Libbie Berkson. They opened a boys' camp on the site of an abandoned hotel on the shores of Lake George in Canaan, Maine in 1922, with 45 campers in the first class. A girls' camp on the other side of the lake was opened in 1925. 
The camp was advertised as "The Summer Camp with a Jewish Idea" and was notable for its goal of financial self-sufficiency, allowing it to maintain its independence from other Jewish organizations; for the significant roles played by women in its operation (Libbie Berkson was the camp's director until 1958); and for its emphasis on Jewish pluralism, welcoming children from all Jewish religious movements, although the camp developed a reputation as the camp of choice for children from prominent traditional Jewish families, and Berkson described its religious practice as "religiously Conservative with leanings toward Liberal Reconstructionism". The prominent rabbi and philosopher Milton Steinberg was a counselor at the camp.
The Berksons bought out the other partners' interests in the camp in 1942 and ran it until 1958. In 1992 a new owner, camp director Howard Salzberg, decided to move to a more modern facility, and relocated the camp to Salmon Lake in Belgrade.
Activities.
Campers at Modin range in age from seven to sixteen years old, all of which participate in a variety of activities throughout the week. Weekday mornings, children participate in scheduled bunk activities; afternoons find them engaged in a "free-choice" elective program, which allows them to build a uniquely tailored program designed around their individual interests. The facilities in which these activities take place are first class. From its expansive waterfront and tournament ski boats, to its state of the art fitness pavilion and recreation center.
The current directors of Camp Modin are Howard Salzberg and Lisa Wulkan.
Notable people.
Writer and director David Wain attended the camp in the 1980s, and Modin was the inspiration for his summer camp film, "Wet Hot American Summer". Composer Craig Wedren, one of Wain's childhood friends, was another well-known summer resident at Modin. "We lived for going to Camp Modin," Wedren has stated in an interview, "our parents, aunts and uncles had all gone there, and we went there, too. I loved that place. We all did." Other famous alumni include director Shawn Levy and TV Funhouse creator Robert Smigel. Mindy Schneider's 2007 memoir "Not a Happy Camper" is rumored to be based on the original Camp Modin. The author attended Modin as a child.

</doc>
<doc id="2838157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838157" title="Nikon F-mount">
Nikon F-mount

The Nikon F-mount is a type of interchangeable lens mount developed by Nikon for its 35 mm Single-lens reflex cameras. The F-mount was first introduced on the Nikon F camera in 1959, and features a three lug bayonet mount with a 44 mm throat and a flange to focal plane distance of 46.5 mm. The company continues to use variations of the same lens mount specification for its film and digital SLR cameras.
The Nikon F-mount is one of only two SLR lens mounts (the other being the Pentax K-mount) which were not abandoned by their associated manufacturer upon the introduction of autofocus, but rather extended to meet new requirements related to metering, autofocus, and aperture control. The large variety of F-mount compatible lenses makes it the largest system of interchangeable flange-mount photographic lenses in history. Over 400 different Nikkor lenses are compatible with the system. The F-mount is also popular in scientific and industrial applications, most notably machine vision. The F-mount has been in production for over five decades, making it the only SLR lens mount which has been produced for over 50 years.
In addition to Nikon's own range of "Nikkor" lenses, brands of F-mount photographic lenses include Zeiss, Voigtländer, Schneider, Angénieux, Samyang, Sigma, Tokina, Tamron, Hartblei, Kiev-Arsenal, Lensbaby, and Vivitar. F-mount cameras include current models from Nikon, Fujifilm, Sinar, JVC, Kenko and Horseman. Numerous other manufacturers employ the F-mount in non-photographic imaging applications.
The F-mount has a significant degree of both backward and forward compatibility. Many current autofocus F-mount lenses can be used on the original Nikon F, and the earliest manual-focus F-mount lenses of the 1960s and early 1970s can, with some modification, still be used to their fullest on all professional-class Nikon cameras. Incompatibilities do exist, however, and adventurous F-mount users should consult product documentation in order to avoid problems. For example, many electronic camera bodies cannot meter without a CPU enabled lens, the aperture of G designated lenses cannot be controlled without an electronic camera body, and non-AI lenses (manufactured prior to 1977) can cause mechanical damage to later model bodies unless they are modified to meet the AI specification. Many manual focus lenses can be converted to allow metering with consumer Nikon bodies by adding a Dandelion chip to the lens.
Most Nikon F-mount lenses cover the standard 36×24 mm area of 135 film and the Nikon FX format, while DX designated lenses cover the 24×16 mm area of the Nikon DX format, and industrial F-mount lenses have varying coverage. DX lenses may produce vignetting when used on film and FX cameras. However, Nikon lenses designed for film cameras will work on Nikon digital system cameras with the limitations noted above.
Unlike most other lens mounts, F-mount lenses lock by turning counter-clockwise (when looking at the front of lens) and unlock clockwise. Nearly all F-mount lenses have zoom and focus controls that rotate in the clockwise direction (as viewed from behind the camera) to increase focal length and focus distance respectively. This convention is also used in Pentax K-mount and Sony A-mount lenses but is opposite of the direction normally used by Canon. F-mount lenses also typically have aperture rings that turn clockwise to close.
Originally all Nikon bodies and lenses were manufactured in Japan. Since 1991, however, increasing amounts of high-volume production (mostly consumer bodies and lenses) have been shifted to production centers in Thailand and China.
Compatible Lenses.
Nikkor.
Designations.
Nikon has introduced many proprietary designations for F-mount Nikkor lenses, reflecting design variations and developments both in lenses and the F-mount itself. There are also "unofficial" designations used by collectors and dealers to differentiate similar lenses.
Lenses with integrated autofocus motors.
Nikkor lenses designated AF-S and AF-I clearly have integrated autofocus motors, but other manufacturers included in the list do not designate it as clearly. These lenses are needed for autofocus on certain newer low-end Nikon cameras which lack an autofocus motor. These are the Nikon D40, D40X, D60, D3000, D3100, D3200, D3300, D5000, D5100, D5200, D5300 and the Nikon 1 series with FT1 adapter.
Perspective control (PC) lenses.
Nikon PC lenses, like other perspective control lenses, offer adjustments that duplicate certain view camera movements. The 28mm and 35mm PC lenses support shifting the lens in relation to the film or sensor plane, while Nikon's 24mm, 45mm, and 85mm PC-E lenses also support tilting.
Nikon currently offers 4 different PC lenses for sale: the three PC-E Nikkors (2008), and the 85mm PC-Nikkor (1999). The 45 mm and 85 mm “Micro” lenses offer close focus (0.5 magnification) for macrophotography. The PC-E lenses (the "E" designates an electromagnetic diaphragm) offer automatic aperture control with the D3, D3S, D3X, D700, D300, D300S, D600, D800, D4, D7000, and D7100 cameras. With earlier camera models, a PC-E lens operates like a PC lens. The PC Micro-Nikkor 85 mm 2.8D lens offers only preset aperture control, actuated mechanically by pressing a plunger.
History.
In July 1962, Nikon released the first interchangeable perspective control lens available for a single-lens reflex camera camera, the 35mm 3.5 PC-Nikkor. This was followed in 1968 by a redesigned 35mm 2.8 PC-Nikkor in which the shifting portion of the lens was further from the camera's body, in order to clear the new "Photomic" meters. The last optical redesign of this 35mm lens was released in 1980.
The 35mm PC-Nikkor did not meet the need of photographers for a wider-angle lens, so in July 1975 Nikon released the 28mm 4 PC-Nikkor. In February 1981 Nikon released an improved version of this lens, the 28mm 3.5 PC-Nikkor, with a new optical design. This was the last of the completely manual PC-Nikkors to be offered.
Zeiss ZF.
Zeiss ZF series lenses are manual-focus designs Nikon AI-S type aperture indexing. They are manufactured by Cosina to Zeiss specifications.
Four design variations are designated ZF, ZF.2, ZF-I, and ZF-IR.
ZF is the original product line. 
ZF.2 lenses are CPU-enabled (similar to Nikon AI-P lenses) offering full metering compatibility with the full range of AF Nikon SLR cameras. 
ZF-I lenses add mechanical locks for focus and aperture, and additional environmental sealing, for industrial applications. 
ZF-IR lenses are adapted to infrared imaging, with coatings that transmit wavelengths up to 1100 nm, and focus scales marked for infrared.
Zeiss CP.2.
CP.2 lenses are a series of Zeiss "CompactPrime" cinema lenses which present F-mount as one of three mounting options. The lenses cover the 36×24 mm area of the 135 film or Nikon FX format, and lenses 28 mm and longer share a common T-stop (T/) of 2.1.

</doc>
<doc id="2838165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838165" title="Tan Chin Nam">
Tan Chin Nam

Dato' Tan Chin Nam (born c. 1926) is an entrepreneur and developer in Malaysia and an owner of Australian-based Thoroughbred racehorses. His family is the majority shareholder of IGB Corporation Berhad.
Tan is reportedly one of the richest men in Malaysia and has several companies and businesses. He is famous as a property developer and was involved in various projects such as Shangri-La Hotel in Malaysia, shopping centres in Singapore and Malaysia (including one of the largest shopping malls in the world, Mid Valley Megamall in Malaysia), the renovation of Queen Victoria Building (QVB) and Capitol Theatre in Sydney. His biography released in 2006 is called "Never Say I Assume!", published by MPH, Malaysia.
Tan's eldest Grandchild is Tan Yee Seng 
Thoroughbred horse racing.
The principal owner for one of Australia's most successful horse trainers, Bart Cummings, Tan has had a successful working relationship with Cummings for more than thirty years.
He owns at least a share in most of Cummings's well known horses including Think Big, winner of back-to-back Melbourne Cups in 1974 and 1975, as well as the multiple Group One winner, Saintly.
Tan owns a stud farm located along the Wingecarribee River at Burradoo, New South Wales that he named Think Big Stud.
The Dato Tan Chin Nam Stakes at Moonee Valley Racecourse in Melbourne is named in his honor.
Tan is retired, leaving his multi-billion business to a new generation. He is the owner of the 2008 Melbourne Cup winner Viewed (now deceased), 2009 Crown Oaks winner, Faint Perfume and 2009 and 2010 Cox Plate winner So You Think.

</doc>
<doc id="2838172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838172" title="Mathai Manjooran">
Mathai Manjooran

Mathai Manjooran ( 13 October 1912 – 14 January 1970) was an Indian independence activist from Kerala, socialist revolutionary, Member of Parliament, Minister of Labour (economics) in the second E.M.S. Namboodiripad communist ministry, and above all the staunchest proponent for the formation of the Kerala State.
Pre-Independence Days.
Mathai was born as the second son of Mathew Manjooran and Elishua on October 13, 1912 at Chakkarakadavu, in the erstwhile princely state of Kochi. Those were troubled times when the mighty waves of the global economic depression were lashing hard across the coast of Kerala. Mathai was led by hand into active politics by his elder brother Cherian Manjooran.
When the state was harrowing under the effects of the Great Depression of the 1930s, yet another great convulsion engulfed the land from end to end. But this time it was a positive one in the form of the Quit India Movement of 1942. Instead of being a passive spectator, Mathai plunged headlong into the vortex of the movement.
As a fearless freedom fighter, he had led many daring exploits against the British, both in Kerala and in the north of India. His involvement in the Quit India Movement of 1942 saw him and his cronies actively involved in an attempt to sabotage several strategic railway bridges in the Malabar region to cripple the military movements across the area. The tumultuous "Kizhaariyoor bomb case" is the result of one of such attempts.
Post-Independence Era.
In the post-independence era, Mathai directed his energy mostly to the political movements in Kerala such as the Vimochana Samaram, the liberation struggle to free the state from the excesses of the first communist government. The Kerala Socialist Party (KSP) that came into being under his leadership in 1947 was the rallying point of the greatest Malayali minds of those times including the renowned litterateurs like M.K. Menon (Vilasini), Thakazhi Sivasankara Pillai, P.K. Balakrishnan, and C.N. Sreekandan Nair.
Mathai’s stint as the Minister of Labor attest to his qualities as an able administrator. Equally remarkable was his term of office as a Member of the (Rajya Sabha) from 1952–54, a time when heated deliberations were on as to what mode of government is to be adopted for governing post-independent India. While an overwhelming majority of the members were in favor of the British model of governance, Mathai spoke vehemently for Federalism. The speeches that he made in the Council of States on the occasion were praised time and again by Dr. S. Radhakrishnan who was the Chairman of the Rajya Sabha at that time.
Formation of Kerala State.
More than any other leader in Kerala, Mathai Manjooran endeavored for the formation of the Kerala state. The seminal contribution made by Mathai towards the effort was his convening of the United Kerala conference held in Bombay on November 19, 1944. It was de facto the first platform for the Malayali Diaspora to make a conscious expression of their aspiration for cultural and political unification.
The second time Mathai came forward for the formation of Kerala was when he convened yet another United Kerala conference, this time under the aegis of the Kerala Socialist Party. The conference took place on February 6, 1949 at Alwaye Manalpuram. But this time the demand of the KSP was nothing less than the formation of a Socialist Republic of Kerala.
However, this demand was part of a broader concept of India, held by Mathai, as a federation of linguistically based sovereign socialist republics with their inalienable right of self-determination. It was certainly an out-of-the-box concept and hence naturally poohed down at the time as an utopian idea. It was a time when even the concept of India as a newly tinkered out union of more than 650 or so princely states was not fully digested in its novel historical context and perspective.
The final effort of Mathai towards the formation of Kerala State was when he was a sitting member of the Council of States (the forerunner of the present Rajya Sabha) from 1952–54. The widely reported speech that he made in 1953 in the Council of States towards the formation of states on a linguistic basis won the attention of the nation and was a catalyst towards and a milestone in the formation of linguistic states of the Indian Union.
The realigning of the different regions of India on a linguistic basis got constant setback due to the discouragement from the part of Pundit Jawaharlal Nehru who in principle was against the proposal. But as the years progressed the demand for the 'language states' became stronger with the voice of Shri. Mathai Manjooran the strongest from south of India along with Potti Sreeramulu who died in December 1952 following a hunger strike demanding the formation of Andhra Pradesh.
A Man of Many Parts.
Amidst his hectic life in politics Mathai found time to nurture his protean interests ranging from journalism, literature, philosophy to name only a few. He started two newspapers "Light of Kerala" and "Keralaprakasham" from Cochin. The book "Prakashathilakku" (Towards Light) that he authored is a collection of philosophical works on Western Philosophy. Keeping abreast of the literary currents of his time he made many discerning criticisms on several important contemporary literary works, especially those of S. K. Pottakkat. The book "Moses, Jesus and Marx" which he began to write in English was unfortunately cut short by his death.

</doc>
<doc id="2838185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838185" title="Bath School of Art and Design">
Bath School of Art and Design

Bath School of Art and Design is an art college in Bath, England. It forms part of the Bath Spa University whose main campus is located a few miles from the City at Newton Park, near Corston, Somerset.
History.
The school was founded as Bath School of Art in 1852 following The Great Exhibition of 1851. The Bath Directory for 1856 shows its location at Weymouth House (roughly the rear of the present Marks and Spencers store) and its Master as Anthony Carey Stannus, an Irish painter noted for marine scenes and who later helped establish a society which evolved into the Royal Ulster Academy. By the 1858 edition he had been succeeded by John J. Drummond, who by 1860 had set up his own Mr Drummond's School of Art at 3 Bladud Buildings, and later (1862) at 5 Princes Buildings almost opposite.
The original School moved to Hetling House, Westgate Buildings, an ancient building which George Newenham Wright in his "Historic Guide to Bath" (1864) says had been garrisoned for the Royalists in the Civil War, adding that "the School of Design now occupies the principal and older part". The Master for a few years was John Hill, who later continued as a private tutor and artist at his home in Combe Down until about 1884. The School's syllabus was "in connection with Marlborough House", which meant the Government School of Design and Practical Art.
By 1866 the School was at 33 Paragon, opposite The Star Inn, and the Master was Robert Campbell Puckett, PhD, whose 1871 work "Sciography, or radial projection of shadows" was published by Chapman & Hall of London. The tuition fee was one guinea per quarter according to the school's prospectus published as a one-page advertisement in the annual Directories. Courses were "in connection with the Science and Art Department, South Kensington". A branch was opened at The Corridor for evening classes. Later Head Masters were William Harbutt (1874), the inventor of Plasticine, John Charles Swallow (1878), and Charles M. Hodges (1880). By 1884 William Harbutt was teaching at The Paragon Art Studio, 15 Bladud Buildings.
By 1894 the School had come under the umbrella of the Bath Technical Schools and in April 1896 these occupied the new north extension of the Guildhall, including the retitled School of Art, Art Crafts and Design. The new Head Art Master was Frank Griffin ARCA who had won bronze and silver medals, replaced by Nathaniel Heard ARCA by 1906. By 1912 the Master was Henry Wilkinson ARCA who had been taught by Ruskin and whose son (also Henry) became a well-known engraver. Successors were D.S. (probably Douglas) Andrews ARCA (1920) and Arthur Payne ARCA (1922).
The Technical Schools evolved into the Municipal Bath Technical College which moved to the building in Beau Street vacated by the Royal United Hospital when it moved to Combe Park. The process was overseen by the new head art master, the artist Paul Fripp (1934–37). Then came the important appointment of the long serving Clifford Ellis (1937–1972). The School of Art moved to 7 and 8 Green Park early in World War II, when the Beau Street building was taken over by the Admiralty. This new home was totally destroyed by bombs in April 1942, and temporary refuge was found at the home of the artist Walter Sickert at Bathampton. Sickert had been a part-time teacher at the School but had died in January 1942. Clifford Ellis is said to have cut the lettering on Sickert's headstone.
In November 1942 the School began its association with 99 Sydney Place. A note in the local history section of Bath Central Library records the opening of the new premises by Sir Kenneth Clark, then Director of the National Gallery and Surveyor of the King's Pictures. After the war the process began of transforming into Bath Academy of Art based mainly at Corsham Court, Corsham, and with an initial emphasis on training teachers of art. The nascent City of Bath Training College was first based in another house at Sydney Place before its move to Newton Park, meaning that by 1947 (along with Bath College of Domestic Science then still at Brougham Hayes) all the major components of the future Bath Spa University were now in existence.
The 1983/4 prospectus contained a short history stating that from 1946 the Academy ran two courses at Corsham, one for teacher training and the other a National Diploma in Design with a small intake, with interaction between the two being seen as a particular asset. The Robbins report of 1963 led to more standardised teacher training provision, and the Academy's course was phased out by 1968. The introduction of Art Foundation courses from 1963 onwards led the Academy to begin such a course, based at the Sydney Place site which had been retained for part-time classes for the general public. In 1974 control of the institution passed to the new Avon County Council and from 1 September 1983 the Academy became part of Bath College of Higher Education.
In 1985/6 the Art and Design courses, now of Bachelor's degree status, began the process of moving from Corsham to newly converted premises at Sion Hill, Bath, largely vacated by the switch of Home Economics and related courses to new premises at Newton Park.
Curriculum.
Courses at the School include Graphic Communication, Creative Art, Fine Art, Digital Design, Fashion and Textile Design, Ceramics and MA Design (Interaction Design, Ceramics, Brand Development or Textiles), Master of Fine Art.
Personalities.
Visiting artists and tutors have included Kenneth Armitage, William Scott, Terry Frost, Peter Lanyon, Sir Herbert Read, Adrian Heath, Bernard Meadows, Howard Hodgkin, Anthony Fry, Martin Froy, John Colbeck, John Furnival, Gillian Ayres, Peter Potworowski, Claes Oldenburg, James Greaves, Peter Kinley, James Tower, John Hoskin, Mark Lancaster, Michael Craig-Martin, John Ernest, Anthony Hill, Richard Hamilton, Roger Clarke, Adam Burton, Jim Dine, Tom Phillips, Jeremy Gardiner and Morton Feldman

</doc>
<doc id="2838188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838188" title="John Grundy (television presenter)">
John Grundy (television presenter)

John Grundy (born 1946 in Carlisle, Cumberland) is a television presenter and author. His work mainly features North East England.
Biography.
Strongly influenced by reading Nikolaus Pevsner's "The Buildings of England", architectural review of the country, Grundy has taught at north-east schools since 1970.
In the late 1980s he worked for the Historic Buildings and Monuments Commission before beginning a more widely-recognised career as an architecture writer and television presenter, especially in Northern England. He is a retired lecturer of English Literature at South Tyneside College.
John Grundy does live commentaries aboard the Shields Ferry, which cruises up and down the River Tyne from South Shields to Newcastle. He is also chairman of the Friends of Beamish.
Books.
In the late 1990s Grundy co-wrote/edited the new edition of Niklaus Pevsner's "Northumberland", part of Pevsner's "Buildings of England" series.
Television.
Between 1987 and 1996, John Grundy appeared as a presenter on the BBC North East series, 'Townscape'. He presented the popular ‘Town Portraits’ which were later transmitted by BBC Two, and were amongst the first films transmitted on BBC International Satellite Television.
Steve Robins, who produced all of Grundy's TV programmes from 1999, left Tyne Tees Television in 2005 and founded the production company Working Wonders TV which produced the last series of "Grundy's Wonders", and "Grundy's Northern Pride".
"Grundy Goes..." (1996–99) broadcast on Tyne Tees partly involved Grundy becoming the interesting historical characters found in the histories of the buildings he visited.
"Townscape" was on BBC One North East & Cumbria. "Grundy's Wonders" another, longer-running Tyne Tees series, Grundy explored architecture in the north-east, as well as Cumbria and Yorkshire. "Grundy's Northern Pride" has been broadcast since 2007 in the Tyne Tees and Granada Television regions and covers the same area as "Grundy's Wonders" plus North West England.
"Travels with Pevsner" is a BBC Four series that involved Grundy visiting places visited by Nikolaus Pevsner during his ambitious review of English architecture in the 1950s and 1960s.
From 2010 John Grundy has presented a regular series for 'Look North' called 'Grundy's North', aired from BBC North East and Cumbria

</doc>
<doc id="2838200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838200" title="William Cowan (politician)">
William Cowan (politician)

William Cowan (October 25, 1825-January 7, 1899) was a farmer and reeve of North Gower Township, Ontario.
He was born in County Leitrim, Ireland in 1825, the son of Patrick Cowan, and was educated there, earning a teaching certificate. He emigrated to North America and arrived in Bytown around 1845. He taught school in North Gower for five years. In 1850, he married Caroline McCrea; he also purchased a farm in the township around that time. Cowan was reeve for the township from 1865 to 1869. In 1866, he served as warden for Carleton County. Cowan also served as justice of the peace, was clerk in the division court for 21 years and became a captain in the local militia. In 1870, he was named secretary for the county and, in 1873, was named county treasurer. With these postings, Cowan sold his farm and moved to Ottawa, where he served on the board of Water Commissioners.
Obituary
On Saturday morning, at 8:30, Co. Treasurer Wm. Cowan and Son, Holmes Cowan, 
proprietor of the Gilpin House, were being driven to Ottawa East to attend the 
funeral of the late Chas. O'Gara, when their spirited horses took fright and ran away. 
The Parry Sound train was just rounding the curve at the head of the deep cut, and into 
this the horses dashed, striking between the tender and the baggage car ... 
Mr. Cowan and his son met death instantly. ... Mr. Cowan made his last will on
Friday. Owing to the approaching marriage of his daughter Miss Maggie Cowan, he found it
necessary to add a codicil ... Wm. Cowan was born in the county Leitrim, Ireland,
December 17, 1825. He came to Bytown in 1845. He taught school for five years in North
Gower and then settled upon a farm which he had purchased. He married in 1850, Caroline,
daughter of Capt. Thomas McCrea of Montague, a veteran of the war of 1812. About the same time
he was appointed clerk of the Division Court, including North Gower and Marlboro. He held
that position for 21 years. He was township councillor for eight years and reeve for five 
years. In 1870 he was appointed county clerk and in 1873 county treasurer, a position he
held till his death.

</doc>
<doc id="2838206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838206" title="San Francisco Foghorn">
San Francisco Foghorn

The San Francisco Foghorn is the official student newspaper of the University of San Francisco.
Originally founded in 1903 as "The Saint Ignatius", the newspaper changed its name to the "San Francisco Foghorn" in August 1928, making it one of the oldest collegiate newspapers on the West Coast. Known colloquially as the "Foghorn", the newspaper has continuously run weekly issues every semester. It has a readership of 5,000 and is distributed free on campus. In 2004 it was ranked 14th in collegiate newspapers in the nation by "The Princeton Review". The Foghorn Online Edition was started in 1995.
Among the notable USF alumni who wrote for the "Foghorn" were Pierre Salinger, former press secretary for President John F. Kennedy; Warren Hinckle, publisher of "Ramparts Magazine"; cartoonist Dan O'Neill; and Kevin Starr, author, professor, and California state librarian emeritus.

</doc>
<doc id="2838218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838218" title="I. L. Bula">
I. L. Bula

Ilikena Lasarusa Talebulamaineiilikenamainavaleniveivakabulaimainakulalakebalau (born 15 November 1921) was a Fijian cricketer who played nine first class matches for Fiji between 1947–48 and 1953–54. He was more commonly known by the shortened version of his name, IL Bula, derived from his initials and the third and fourth syllable of his name – his official surname is, however, the longest by any man who has played first class cricket. His name literally means "returned alive from Nankula hospital at Lakeba island in the Lau group".
As Fiji was not a Test nation during his time, his official games were limited to two tours of New Zealand. Bula was a hard hitter of the ball, and was said to have scored a century in an hour against Canterbury on his second tour in 1953–54. He also hit 22 sixes in a club match at Suva in 1958 in which he scored 246, the highest total in domestic Fijian cricket.
Personal life.
The Fijian/Tongan cricket star hails from the chiefly village Tubou Lakeba, Lau. Bula is the great great-grand nephew of the traditionally Tongan Prince and former self-forged Fijian chief, Enele Ma'afu.
First New Zealand tour.
Bula made his debut at the age of 26, batting at number three and top-scoring with 44 before he was caught off part-time bowler Verdun Scott. He shared an 80-run partnership with George Cakobau as Fiji moved to 98 for 3, but they were quickly bowled out for 143, trailing Auckland by 197. Auckland opted to bat again instead of enforcing the follow on, and added 154 before declaring, which left Fiji to chase 332 for the victory. Bula once again made it into double figures, but was bowled by spinner Francis Hemmingson, and Fiji lost by 168 runs.
The next match became Fiji's first victory on tour, against Wellington, and Bula's efforts were one of the keys to the victory. Fiji had taken a 47-run lead on first innings, despite Bula scoring 1 – one of only two single-figure scores in his career. Three Wellington batsmen hit half-centuries, however, leaving Fiji 247 for the victory in a little less than a day – and after losing opener Patrick Raddock for 0, it looked difficult. But Bula added 88, lifting Fiji to 161 for 2 before they lost three wickets for no run. However, 25 from Maurice Fenn took them over the line.
The third match, against Canterbury, saw Bula hit a career highest score – in a high-scoring match, 1224 runs were hit in three days, and Bula made 183 of those, split over two innings. Fiji were set a target of 354 to win after Canterbury had amassed 421/9d and 209/8d in their two innings, and Bula hit 120 as Fiji set about chasing that target – however, three wickets from Jack Booker set them back, and they lost by 36 runs. A loss against Otago followed, where Bula made insignificant scores, before a full-strength Auckland team were defeated by 115 runs in a good come-back – Fiji had trailed by 52 runs on first innings after Auckland declared on 181 for 8, but Bula and Harry Apted added 135 for the second wicket as Fiji posted 351/7. Set 300 to win, Auckland were bowled out by Fenn (6–94) and Isoa Logavatu (4–46).
Second New Zealand tour.
Fiji returned for four games in the New Zealand summer of 1954, but only managed to win one. The first game, against Otago, went down to the wire as Otago eked out a two-wicket win despite a second-innings five-for from Fenn, but it was a personal disappointment for Bula, who only managed 5 and 26 in his two innings. Then came the one-hour century against Canterbury with eight sixes and five fours, as Fiji plundered 344 from 65.3 overs in the second innings to set Canterbury a challenging 217 – which they managed for the loss of eight wickets. This was Bula's last century, and indeed his last score above 30 – as he was pushed down the order to No. 6 against Wellington, he made 23 and 26, but Wellington still forced a 117-run win, before Bula rounded off his first class career with a seven-wicket win over Auckland – in a match that was shortened from three days to one due to rain. However, a two-innings game was still played, as the first three innings were all declared closed. Fiji were set 79 to win in a relatively short time, but after falling to 51 for 3 Bula hit 23 not out to guide Fiji to their fourth – and so far last – first class victory.

</doc>
<doc id="2838219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838219" title="Garphyttan">
Garphyttan

Garphyttan is a locality situated in Örebro Municipality, Örebro County, Sweden with 1,619 inhabitants in 2010. It lies 16 km northwest of Örebro, near Garphyttan National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="2838239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838239" title="Gerhard Waibel (engineer)">
Gerhard Waibel (engineer)

Gerhard Waibel (born 3 October 1938) is a designer of gliders who worked for Alexander Schleicher GmbH & Co producing many famous designs.
Biography.
Waibel was born in Frankfurt. His father Karl Waibel had worked with Wolf Hirth in the 1920s. Gerhard began flying models in 1948 and in 1951 helped with the building the SG38. He then studied at Akaflieg Darmstadt. Gerhard's father arranged in 1962 a practical course in a steel plant for him and Wolf Lemke in Sheffield where in the evenings they started designing the D-36 Circe. After much development back in Germany, Waibel flew the D-36 to the victory in the Open Class of the German Championships in 1964.
He joined Schleicher in 1964. His first design, the ASW 12, was based on the D36. He then designed almost all the racing gliders for Schleichers up to the ASW 28 which first flew in May 2000. The 'W' in a Schleicher designation shows that he designed it. He retired in August 2003 after 39 years service.

</doc>
<doc id="2838243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838243" title="Emily Harrison">
Emily Harrison

Emily Harrison (born June 13, 1977 in Louisiana, Missouri) is an American actress.
Harrison is most well known as Jennifer Finnigan's replacement in the role of Bridget Forrester on "The Bold and the Beautiful", which she played from January to July 2004. Following a viewer backlash, Harrison's on-screen air time began to diminish, which was speculated to be the reason for her drop to recurring status after just a handful of episodes. Harrison's on-screen love interest, Brian Gaskill (Oscar Marone), was dropped from the show around the same time. By July the same year, Harrison had been dropped completely by the show and in November the character was recast with former "The Young and the Restless" star Ashley Jones (ex-Megan Dennison Viscardi).
Harrison's other TV appearances include guest stints on "Lamb Chop's Play Along", ', "ER", and "7th Heaven". Notable film roles include "Take" (2007), "Valley of the Heart's Delight" (2006), ' (2003), "Ocha Cups for Christmas" (2002) and "Curse of the Puppetmaster" (1998).
She has two sons, Jackson Thomas (born in September 2003) and London La Brode (born in December 2006) with her husband Michael.

</doc>
<doc id="2838248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838248" title="Académie Ranson">
Académie Ranson

The Académie Ranson was founded in Paris by the French painter Paul Ranson (1862–1909), who himself studied at the Académie Julian, in 1908.
History.
With the untimely death of Paul Ranson in 1909, the Academy was headed by the wife of its founder, Marie-France Ranson. It was first based in Rue Henri Monnier in the 9th arrondissement and then moved to the Montparnasse district, in the Rue Joseph Bara. Maurice Denis and Paul Sérusier delivered courses and Ker-Xavier Roussel, Félix Vallotton, and Édouard Vuillard also attended, which gave it a good reputation. Concetta, former model of Edgar Degas for "Les repasseuses" and Auguste Rodin for "The Kiss", helped its reputation too. Students attended for periods from a week to a year.
In 1914, its teachers were depleted due to World War I, but the Académie Ranson survived despite declining attendance. After 1918, Maurice Denis and Paul Sérusier were occupied with other activities, and new teachers took over, many of them alumni: Yves Alix, Gustave Jaulmes, Paul Véra, Jules-Émile Zingg, Roger Bissière, Louis Latapie, Dimitrios Galanis, and Amédée de la Patellière.
In 1931, Marie-France Ranson handed over the management of the Academy to Harriet Von Tschudi Cérésole, a student and sculptor, originally from the Canton of Glarus in Switzerland. From 1939 to 1944, during World War II, the Academy remains open for a few students. It opened again in 1951 with new teachers, including Roger Chastel, Marcel Fiorini, Lucien Lautrec, Gustave Singier, and Henri Goetz, but due to lack of funds it finally closed in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="2838254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838254" title="Baker valve gear">
Baker valve gear

After about 1910 Baker valve gear was the main competitor to Walschaerts valve gear for steam locomotives in the United States. Strictly speaking it was not a valve gear but a variable expansion mechanism adapted to the Walschaerts layout replacing the expansion link and sliding die block. The Baker arrangement used more pivot bearings or "pin joints", but avoided the die slip inherent to the expansion link, with the aim of lessening wear and the need for service; it could also facilitate longer valve travel.
History.
In the early 1900s there were many efforts to create a new valve gear to replace the by-then-standard Walschaerts valve gear. In the United States the Young, Southern, Caprotti and Franklin patterns were used on a few classes, but only the Baker pattern won more than limited acceptance.
The design originated in the A.D. Baker Company, of Swanton, Ohio; a builder of steam traction engines. The idea came from an employee called Gifford but was developed by the Baker company with the first patents being issued in 1903.
The Baker Locomotive Valve Gear was produced by the Pilliod Co. of Swanton, Ohio. Subsequent versions were produced up to the end of steam service. It was particularly popular on the Norfolk and Western Railway, and almost all later N&W engines used it (notably NW 611). Other extensive users included the Chesapeake and Ohio Railroad and the Nickel Plate Road. The New York Central Railroad and the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad also had large classes which used Baker gear. There was always debate about the advantages of Baker gear, the main criticism being the number of pin joints and possible lost motion. Western United States and British railroads tended to continue with the Walschaerts pattern, as did the Pennsylvania Railroad. In Britain Baker gear was popular amongst model engineers but in full-size practice the length of the yoke and the width of the assembly may have been difficult to accommodate within the restricted loading gauge.
Operation.
The Baker valve gear replaces the expansion link of the Walschaerts gear with an assembly of levers and links which produces the same effect of allowing continuous variation valve travel. The remainder of the gear is the same, so that the return crank and combination lever take the same form, although the proportions are usually modified. The Pilliod Co. sold the gear as a single assembly which was mounted on the frame in the location ordinarily occupied by the Walschaerts expansion link.
The Baker mechanism consisted of the following parts:
The parts were arranged so that when the yoke was centered, the connection of the main link to the bellcrank was in a line with the two pivots on the yoke. At this point, the back and forth motion of the lower end of the main link left the top relatively motionless as main link swung back and forth on the swing links.
In forward motion, the yoke was pushed forward, so that its upper pivot was in front of the bell crank-main link connection. Moving the eccentric arm back and forth lowered and raised the top of the main link. This motion was translated by the bellcrank into back and forth motion of the radius rod. The angle of the yoke controlled the relative motion, and therefore the cutoff; tilting the yoke backwards reversed the motion of the radius rod.

</doc>
<doc id="2838256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838256" title="Easton, Cambridgeshire">
Easton, Cambridgeshire

Easton is a village and civil parish in the Huntingdonshire district of Cambridgeshire, England. It is west of Huntingdon and has a church and a small park. At the time of the 2001 census, the parish's population was 162.
Easton is situated between the villages of Ellington and Spaldwick. Easton was mentioned in the Domesday Book. Easton is a hamlet which the Anglo Saxons settled in and the church was erected in the 14th century.

</doc>
<doc id="2838259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838259" title="Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology Allahabad">
Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology Allahabad

Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology Allahabad (MNNIT or NIT Allahabad), formerly Motilal Nehru Regional Engineering College (MNREC), is a public higher education institute located in Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh, India. It is one of the National Institutes of Technology, and like the rest of them, classified as an Institute of National Importance.In the survey carried out by ET Now-Economic Times jointly, MNNIT Allahabad was declared as the best engineering institution of North India and ranked No.1 in overall ranking. The college has distinction of being first in the country to start an undergraduate programme in Computer Science & Engineering in 1976-77.
History.
From its beginnings the institute offered Bachelor Degree Programmes in Civil, Electrical and Mechanical Engineering. The institute was the first in the country to offer an undergraduate program in Computer Science and Engineering which was started in 1976. In 1982-83 undergraduate programmes in Electronics Engineering, and Production and Industrial Engineering, were started.
Post Graduate programmes were introduced in 1970-71 with Master Degree courses in all engineering departments. The institute now offer M.Tech. degree programs MCA & M.Sc Mathematics and Scientific Computing course, and registers candidates for Ph.D. degree.The institute has been recognised by the Government of India as a centre for the quality improvement programme in Civil and Mechanical Engineering. The institute has started a two year/four semesters postgraduate Degree in Management Studies from 1996. Th institute has added undergraduate programmes in Chemical Engineering and BioTechnology.
The college has been recognised by AICTE as a centre for the "Quality Improvement Programme". In 1972, the college established an industrial estate with 69 sheds with the objective of encouraging entrepreneurs and creating additional revenue.
The college is a member of Indo-UK REC project in the area of design. Under this scheme, a Design Center has been established at a cost of about Rs. six Crore, which offers training and consultancy. It was given the status of Institute of National Importance (INI) on 15 August 2007.
In 2010, the institute celebrated its Golden Jubilee year of its establishment. P. Chakrabarti took over the charge as the director on 3 June 2011.
Administration.
In order to co-ordinate the activities of all NITs the Central Government has constituted a NIT Council, as under:
NIT COUNCIL
1. Minister of HRD, Government of India Chairman
2. Education Secretary, Ministry of HRD, Government of India Member
3. Principal Advisor (Education), Planning Commission Member
4. Secretary, Department of Science & Technology, Govt. of India Member
5. Director General, Council of Scientific & Industrial Research Member
6. Special Secretary/Additional Secretary/ Educational advisor (T),Ministry of HRD, Government of India Member
7. Chairman, USC Member
8. Chairman, AICTE Member
9. Financial Advisor, Ministry of HRD, Government of India Member
10. Two Chairman of the Boards of the Institutes (By rotation) Member
11. Five Directors of the Institutes (by rotation) Member
12. One Director of NIT
(By rotation in alphabetic order) Member
13. Two Secretaries of Higher/Technical
14. Two persons from Industry nominated by the Central Government Member
15. Joint Secretary (Technical Education)
Joint Educational Adviser (T), Ministry of HRD, Government of India Member
Infrastructure.
Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology, Allahabad (formerly known as M.N.R.E.C), the cornerstone of excellence has been devoted to churning out the best and ever competitive technical professionals year after year ever since its founding. Located in the traditional cradle of culture and knowledge, MNNIT stands as the perfect epitome of profundity and inquisitiveness.
The MNNIT site spreads over on the bank of the river Ganges.
MNNIT is a fully residential institution with seven hostels for boys and one for girls. One hostel is exclusively for postgraduate students. The capacity of the boys hostel is 1800 (1044 single seated rooms and 252 quadruple seated rooms) and that of the girls hostel is 145.
Other buildings on the campus include Computer Center, Central Library, CAD lab, Geo Lab, Concrete Lab, Heat Engine lab, Electrical Machines lab, Virtual Instrumentation lab, Mechanical Workshop, multipurpose hall, conference and seminar hall. The lecture halls and the tutorial classes of the institution are fully air conditioned.
It is among the few technical institutions in India to house two supercomputers, PARAM 8000 and PARAM 10000.
Academics.
Undergraduate.
The institute offers 9 undergraduate B.Tech programs of four year duration in Bio Technology, Chemical Engineering\Technology, Civil Engineering, Ceramic Engineering, Computer Science & Engineering, Electronics & Communication Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Information Technology, Mechanical Engineering and Production & Industrial Engineering.
Admission is through JEE (Main).(http://jeemain.nic.in/jeemain2013/Welcome.aspx)
Postgraduate.
MNNIT offer 19 post-graduate programs of two year duration leading to M.Tech. degrees.The Computer Science department offers a Masters in Computer Applications(MCA).It has a Masters course in Computational Mathematics namely M.Sc in Mathematics and Scientific Computing and a B-school known as the School of Management Studies.Master of social work(MSW) is also running in the institute from 2009.
Placements.
During academic session 2011–12, a student was offered by Facebook, highest for any technical student in India during that session and second highest package in India overall, after to an IIT Madras student during the 2010–11 session. There are more than 100 MNCs visiting the institute every year. Some major companies are:
ABB, CISCO, Goldman Sachs, Facebook, Microsoft, Adobe Systems, Amazon, Intel, Freescale, ZS Associates, Qualcomm, ARM, AMD, McAfee, Juniper Networks, Tejas Networks, Amdocs, Oracle Corporation, VMWare, Siemens, Ericsson, IBM, Xilinx, Synopsis, Honda, General Motors, Morgan Stanley, Hyundai, Caterpillar, Maruti, Hitachi, General Electric, Schlumberger, Volkswagen, P&G, STMicroelectronics, Freescale and many more.
Departments.
The departments in the institute are:
Student Halls of Residence.
Boys
1.Tagore
2.Raman
3.Tilak
4.Tandon
5.Patel
6.Malviya
7.Swami Vivekananda
8. PG Boys
Girls
1.KNGH
2.SNGH
Research Scholar
International Hostel
Festivals.
MNNIT hosts several annual events and festivals:
Rankings.
MNNIT was ranked 12 in the "Outlook India" Top Engineering Colleges of 2012 and unranked by "Dataquest" India's Top Engineering Colleges 2011 (DQ-CMR Top T-Schools Survey 2011). In the limited participation CSR-GHRDC Engineering Colleges Survey 2011 it was ranked 6. Amongst government engineering colleges it was ranked 8 on "Mint" Top 50 Government Engineering Colleges of 2009.
In the survey carried out by ET Now-Economic Times jointly, MNNIT Allahabad was declared as the best engineering institution of North India and ranked No.1 in overall ranking among various prestigious institutes of North India in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="2838263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838263" title="Alan Skirton">
Alan Skirton

Alan Frederick Graham Skirton (born 23 January 1939 in Bath Somerset) is an English former footballer.
Playing career.
Skirton started out as a player with West Twerton Youth Club in his home city of Bath before joining Bristol City as an amateur. However, they did not retain him and he then joined hometown club Bath City in the Southern League. He soon attracted the attention of several other clubs. Arsenal won the fight for his signature, signing him in January 1959 for £5,000. Soon after signing, however, Skirton contracted pleurisy and pneumonia and was out of action for eighteen months.
He finally made his debut for Arsenal against Burnley on 20 August 1960. He played sixteen games that season, sharing the right wing position with Danny Clapton. He supplanted Clapton altogether the following season, and scored nineteen goals in 40 matches, making him the club's top scorer for that season.
After the signing of Johnny MacLeod in the summer of 1962, Skirton was switched to the left wing, where he played for the next four seasons, albeit irregularly, as Arsenal manager Billy Wright preferred to field only one out-and-out winger. The emergence of the young George Armstrong also meant Skirton's place was under threat, and Skirton shared duties with Armstrong for his final two seasons at the club.
Nevertheless, Skirton still averaged twenty appearances a season, and made history by becoming the first Arsenal player to score a goal in a European match at Highbury, against Danish club, Stævnet on 22 October 1963. However, Wright's successor, Bertie Mee, was looking to youth as the means to success for the Gunners. After playing the first two matches of the 1966–67 season, Skirton signed for Blackpool on 12 September 1966 for £65,000. He had played 154 matches for Arsenal, scoring 54 goals.
Skirton scored on his debut for Blackpool five days later in the 1966–67 season, ironically at Highbury in a 1–1 draw, although he limped off injured later in the game. Ater missing three games, he scored once in a 3–1 victory over Tottenham Hotspur, and two more in a 3–1 win at Stamford Bridge over Chelsea. His home debut saw "the Seasiders" beat Newcastle United 6–0 at Bloomfield Road with Skirton scoring twice. However, his goalscoring was not so prolific in the rest of the season and he finished the season with ten league and cup goals in 28 games.
His eight league goals that season though couldn't save "the Seasiders" from relegation to Division Two. In the 1967–68 season, Blackpool narrowly missed out on promotion back to the top flight, finishing third on goal difference behind Ipswich Town and Queens Park Rangers. Skirton scored 17 league goals that season.
After 17 games at the start of the 1968–69 season, Blackpool manager Stan Mortensen saw the emergence of Ronnie Brown on the right wing, and he allowed Skirton to return to the West Country where he joined Bristol City for £15,000 on 20 November 1968. He went on to play for Torquay United, and South African club Durban City F.C.. He ended his career at Weymouth who he helped to win the Southern League Cup in the 1972–73 season.
Post-retirement.
Just before he retired from playing, Skirton became assistant commercial manager at Weymouth, before rejoining his old club Bath City as commercial manager in July 1974. On 14 September 1981 he joined Yeovil Town to take up the same position and remained there until his retirement in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="2838266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838266" title="Ging">
Ging

Ging may refer to:
See also.
Ging- A small child that is strapped to its mothers back

</doc>
<doc id="2838269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838269" title="Why Kings and Queens Don't Wear Crowns">
Why Kings and Queens Don't Wear Crowns

"Why Kings and Queens Don't Wear Crowns" is a fairytale written by Princess Märtha Louise of Norway and released as a children's book in the US in 2005. The original version was released as a picture book in Norway in 2004.
The story is about her grandfather, King Olav V, when he first came from Denmark to Norway. It tells about how difficult it was to wear crowns while cross country skiing amongst other typical Norwegian winter activities. The illustrations in the book are made by the Norwegian artist Svein Nyhus.

</doc>
<doc id="2838271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838271" title="Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 1997">
Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 1997

A leadership election was triggered in the British Conservative Party when John Major resigned on 2 May 1997, following his party's defeat at the 1997 general election (which ended 18 years of Conservative government of the UK). Major had been Conservative leader and Prime Minister since 1990.
Candidates.
Announced.
The following candidates announced their intention to stand:
Not an MP at the time.
In the months before the general election a number of other prominent Conservatives were talked about as potential leaders; however, several failed to hold their seats in the general election including the following:
In addition, many had speculated about Chris Patten returning to Westminster (he had lost his seat in the 1992 election) and becoming leader; however, the contest took place before Patten's term of office as Governor of Hong Kong ended.
Results.
Howard had been regarded as a serious contender but had been damaged by the criticisms of Ann Widdecombe (who had served under him at the Home Office) that he had "something of the night about him" and by the decision of William Hague, who had originally agreed to support Howard and become Deputy Leader, to stand in his own right.
Second round.
Peter Lilley withdrew. He and Howard gave their backing to William Hague.
Final Round.
For the final round, Redwood gave his backing to Clarke, an unusual development in that Redwood (eurosceptic) and Clarke (europhile) held opposite views on the main issue of dispute amongst Conservatives. This pact backfired, however, as it was likened to the cynical Nazi-Soviet Pact of the late 1930s. It prompted former Conservative Prime Minister Baroness Thatcher to publicly endorse Hague. In the event, most of Redwood's supporters switched to Hague rather than to Clarke.
Julian Lewis announced that he was the only MP who did not vote.
Aftermath.
Under William Hague's leadership, the party would fail to make any significant advance at the 2001 general election, and he was succeeded by Iain Duncan Smith.
In 1998 the system of leadership elections was altered to the present form, where MPs choose a short-list of two candidates, who are then presented to the mass membership to choose. An incumbent leader can still be ousted by a no-confidence vote of Conservative MPs, as was done to Iain Duncan Smith in 2003. A leader could therefore (in principle) be ousted by MPs despite still enjoying the support of the mass membership.

</doc>
<doc id="2838277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838277" title="William Blakeney, 1st Baron Blakeney">
William Blakeney, 1st Baron Blakeney

Lieutenant-General William Blakeney, 1st Baron Blakeney KB (1671/1672 – 10 September 1761) was an Irish soldier known for his unsuccessful defence of the Spanish island of Minorca following the Battle of Minorca in 1756.
Early life.
Blakeney was born at Mount Blakeney, County Limerick, to William Blakeley (MP) in the Irish House of Commons for Kilmallock, and Elizabeth (née Bowerman).
Destined for politics, he showed a decided preference for a military career. At age 18, he headed the tenants in defending the Blakeney estate against the Rapparees. As a volunteer he fought the war in Flanders, and at the Siege of Venlo in 1702 won his commission. He served as a subaltern throughout Marlborough's campaigns, and is said to have been the first to drill troops by signal of drum or colour. Between 1725 and 1757, he represented Kilmallock in the Irish House of Commons. 
For many years after the peace of Utrecht he served unnoticed, and was 65 years of age before he became a colonel. This neglect, which was said to be due to the hostility of Lord Verney, ceased when the Duke of Richmond was appointed colonel of Blakeney's regiment, and thenceforward his advance was rapid. Brigadier-general in the Cartagena expedition of 1741, and major-general a little later, he distinguished himself by his gallant and successful defence of Stirling Castle against the Highlanders in 1745. Two years later George II made him lieutenant-general and lieutenant-governor of Minorca.
Fall of Minorca.
The governor of that island never set foot in it, and Blakeney was left in command for ten years. In 1756 the Seven Years' War was preluded by a swift descent of the French on Minorca. Fifteen thousand troops under marshal the duc de Richelieu, escorted by a strong squadron under the marquis de la Gallisonnière, landed on the island on 18 April, and at once began the Siege of Fort St. Philip (1756), where Blakeney commanded at most some 5,000 soldiers and workmen.
The defence, in spite of crumbling walls and rotted gun platforms, had already lasted a month when a British fleet under vice-admiral John Byng appeared. La Gallisonnière and Byng fought, on 20 May, an indecisive battle. Byng left Blakeney to his fate since his fleet received losses of over 400 men. Damaged ships necessitated that Byng sail for the nearest port repair facilities in the Mediterranean, that being Gibraltar, where Byng hoped to repair his fleet for a return. A second expedition subsequently appeared off Minorca, but it was then too late, for after a heroic resistance of seventy-one days the old general had been compelled to surrender the fort to Richelieu (18 April – 28 June 1756). Only the ruined fortifications were the prize of the victors. Blakeney and his little garrison were transported to Gibraltar with absolute liberty to serve again. Byng was tried and executed; Blakeney, on his return to England, found himself the hero of the nation.
Later life.
He was made a Colonel of the 27th (Inniskilling) Regiment of Foot, a Knight Companion of the Bath, and Baron Blakeney in the Irish peerage. Later, John Van Nost the Younger's statue of him was erected in Dublin (on the site of the present-day Spire of Dublin), and his popularity continued unabated for the short remainder of his life. He died unmarried on 10 September 1761, and was buried in Westminster Abbey. The barony became extinct upon his death.

</doc>
<doc id="2838282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838282" title="Marketing operations management">
Marketing operations management

Marketing Operations Management (MOM) is a version of end to end marketing optimization, from planning and budgeting, through marketing content management, to global marketing execution and analysis.
It is characterized by an attempt to achieve measurable and trackable Return on Marketing Investment (ROMI), and, as a means of achieving that, creating a marketing dashboard, leading to improved marketing effectiveness. The concept of the marketing dashboard is that a marketing executive, or indeed any employee of an organization, can log into a system which shows the status of all ongoing marketing activities — showing 'fuel consumption' (spending), 'speed' (sales) and various other metrics in the automotive analogy. The Marketing Resource Management (MRM) industry, including software vendors with integrated solutions who provides the software infrastructure to assist organizations with their Marketing Operations Management. This forms the technology backbone to the essential alignment of people, process and technology that is critical to an effective Marketing Operations Management strategy.
Marketing Operations Management (MOM) & Marketing Resource Management (MRM).
Marketing Operations Management (MOM) is the conceptual framework that defines all processes supporting marketing strategy and tactics. The processes it defines are built into actionable software tools (a Marketing Resource Management system) to standardize marketing operations carried out at scale. Such standardization of marketing operations is sought by companies that sell their products and services through intermediaries like retailers, distributors, dealers, and affiliates as standardization and centralization of marketing are necessary for those companies selling / marketing through hundreds or thousands of local channels.

</doc>
<doc id="2838286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838286" title="Grand Princess">
Grand Princess

Grand Princess is a "Grand"-class cruise ship owned by Princess Cruises. Built in 1998 by Fincantieri Cantieri Navali Italiani in Monfalcone, Italy, with hull number 5956, at a cost of approximately US$450 million. She was the largest and most expensive passenger ship ever built at the time. "Grand Princess" was the flagship in the Princess Cruises until the new "Royal Princess" took that title in June 2013.
Overview.
"Grand Princess" was the first of the "Grand"-class ships, and has a different decor scheme to her sister ships, using darker woods, and the interior decor is more similar to the smaller "Sun"-class ships. The cabin layout is also marginally different in the arrangement of the bathroom and the walk-in wardrobe. At a recent refit, the "Movies under the Stars" feature was added. When Grand Princess was launched, she featured in the Princess Cruises brochures as a "Sun" class ship; it was only with the subsequent launch of Golden Princess that the "Grand class" appeared in brochures.
She is the sister ship of "Star Princess" and "Golden Princess". "Grand Princess" was the setting for a task in the second series of the UK version of the reality TV show "The Apprentice".
"Grand Princess" has a large theatre, a large central performance lounge and an aft show lounge. The inaugural season featured performances by artists including Lorna Luft, Al Martino, Bob Anderson, Red Buttons, Rita Moreno and show-bands including Dominic Halpin with his swing band and Canadian band the Mud Sharks.
In May 2011, "Grand Princess" completed the most extensive drydock in Princess Cruises history that included a refit and removal of the iconic "Skywalkers" lounge from her stern. Passengers now find a completely new Piazza atrium, several new eateries – including Alfredo's Pizzeria and the Crown Grill – and the line's first specialty tea lounge called Leaves. Also included in the renovation were seven new window suites; remodeled casino, boutiques and art gallery; enhancements to the Horizon Court, Lotus Spa, and wedding chapel; and the addition of Crooner's Martini Lounge. The new nightclub, The One5, replaced Skywalkers.
The removal of the "Skywalkers" lounge from Grand Princess has resolved her tendency to sail bow high, and has improved her fuel economy by about 3-4%. The bow high tendency was peculiar to Grand Princess, and does not affect any of the other Grand class ships (or the derivative classes) as they all have aluminium upper decks, a feature Grand Princess does not have due to the technology to link these two materials being in its infancy.
Ports of call.
Until Spring 2014, "Grand Princess" was based year-round out of San Francisco, California as of March 2013, sailing to Hawaii, Mexico Riviera, California Coastal Cruises as well as replacing the Sea Princess' 10 Day cruises to Alaska. As of Spring 2014, the "Grand Princess" has repositioned to Seattle to operate 7-day roundtrip cruises to Alaska (replaced in San Francisco by sister ship "Star Princess"). Upon finishing up the Seattle-based schedule, the " Grand Princess " will also sail special-themed roundtrip cruises from Vancouver to Hawaii and the Pacific Coasts. Each of those voyages will be offered one time on the Fall of 2014 and the Spring of 2015. In between those moments, " Grand Princess " will offer 15- day Hawaii cruises from Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="2838292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838292" title="National Institute of Technology, Durgapur">
National Institute of Technology, Durgapur

The National Institute of Technology, Durgapur () also known as NIT Durgapur or NITDGP, is a public engineering college located in Durgapur, West Bengal, India. Formerly known as the Regional Engineering College, Durgapur ("REC Durgapur"), it is among the first 8 Regional Engineering Colleges established in India and was founded in 1960 by the then Chief Minister of West Bengal, Dr. Bidhan Chandra Roy. Today it is one of the 30 National Institutes of Technology in India and has been recognised as an Institute of National Importance by the Government of India under the National Institutes of Technology Act, 2007.
History.
In order to serve the growing demand for trained technical manpower, the Government of India started 14 RECs between 1959 and 1965 (NITs located at Allahabad, Bhopal, Calicut, Durgapur, Jamshedpur, Jaipur, Kurukshetra, Nagpur, Rourkela, Srinagar, Surathkal, Surat, Tiruchirappalli, and Warangal).
The National Institute of Technology, Durgapur (formerly Regional Engineering College, Durgapur) was established in 1960 under an Act of the Parliament of India as one of the eight such colleges, as a co-operative venture between the Government of India and the Government of West Bengal aimed to function as a pace setter for engineering education in the country and to foster national integration. It is a fully funded premier Technological Institution of the Government of India and is administered by an autonomous Board of Governors. The college was given autonomy in financial and administrative matters to achieve rapid development.
In 1998, a review committee "High Powered Review Committee (HPRC)"
was set up by the Union Government for review of RECs. The HPRC, under the chairmanship of Dr. R.A. Mashelkar, submitted its report entitled "Strategic Road Map for Academic Excellence of Future RECs" in 1998. Following the recommendations of HPRC, in 2002, the Union Ministry of Human Resource Development, Government of India upgraded, all the 17 Regional Engineering Colleges (RECs) to National Institutes of Technology (NITs). In July 2003, the institution was granted Deemed University status with the approval of the UGC/AICTE and was renamed National Institute of Technology, Durgapur.
On 5 June 2007, the Parliament of India passed the National Institutes of Technology Act declaring it an Institute of National Importance which came in effect on Independence Day 2007.
In 2010, NIT-Durgapur celebrated its Golden Jubilee (completing 50 years).
Academics.
NIT Durgapur offers graduate and undergraduate programs in engineering, science and management. The institute has 16 departments and all of them are involved in active research which are mostly sponsored by major government agencies including Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR), Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) and the Department of Science and Technology (DST).
Education facility.
The institute has a high-voltage laboratory, the sixth of its kind in the world and the first in India. There are specialised faculty members and skilled staff members in the fields of high-voltage and high-power engineering.
The institute possesses state-of-the-art computing facilities. The Institute has a computer centre as a central computing facility for the students, scholars and the teachers of the institute. The centre has infrastructure like computer hardware and software, air-conditioned space, stabilised uninterrupted power supply and trained technical manpower. In addition, the institute has developed two laboratories that train students in computer-aided design. Each academic department has its own computer laboratory with PCs and workstations running specialised engineering and scientific packages like MATLAB, AUTOCad, STADD, IDEAS, PSpice, ANSYS, AFS, Sybase and PowerBuilder.
The whole institute is connected by a campus wide LAN using high speed Fibre Optic/UTP cables. The LAN is managed by High Level Switches and a host of Servers. In addition to this, the Administrative Offices and the Library have separate local networks running Windows Server. The Library is fully computerised using LibSys software. The Institute has a dedicated 54 Mbit/s (34 Mbit/s BSNL+ 20 Mbit/s Reliance Comm) 24X7 Internet Connectivity, which serves the Institute Internet needs.
On 17–20 February 2011, the Civil Engineering department (in association with Lund University, Sweden) organised an International Conference on Water Resources & Adaptation to climate changes. In November 2010, the Chemical Engineering department organised another international conference on Computation, Modelling and Optimization.
Departments and placements.
The training and placement department of the institute arranges for companies to conduct on-campus interviews to recruit students. 102 companies participated in the placement process for the academic year 2011–2012. Foreigners are not allowed to sit for any placement related activity here (Effective from 2012).
The above branches and their respective placement percentage are on the basis of placement report for 2012 passed out batch as on 12 March 2012.
Library.
The Library as one of the important central facilities of the Institute supports the study, teaching, research and development programmes of the Institute.It is housed in a separate building having 3 floors on a plinth area of 1000sq. mtrs. The library has a collection of 1.5lac volumes which includes text books, reference books & bound volumes of journals, standards etc. and subscribes to about 180 current journals. The book database is accessible through OPAC (Online Public Access Catalogue). Library operations have been automated with the help of an integrated library software package, LIBSYS-4. Circulation Services are executed through Barcode System. The book database is accessible through OPAC (Online Public Access Catalogue).
Circulation services are executed through barcode system. It has a good collection of Electronic resources in its digital library. It has a collection of Electronic resources in its Digital Library.It is an open access library and remains open from 8:30 a.m. to 10:30 p.m. on weekdays and from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. on Saturday and Sundays. Wi-fi Internet facility has also been introduced inside it to facilitate freeflow of information to the users.
It has also a good IT infrastructure.It has also some audio-visual equipment like colour TVs, VCPs, video camera, direct projectors, and multimedia projectors etc.
The library is an institutional member of DELNET (Developing Library Network), American Center Library, Kolkata, NPTEL (National Programme on Technology Enhanced Learning), and Current Science Association, Bangalore. It is also a beneficiary Member of INDEST-AICTE (Indian National Digital Library in Engineering, Science & Technology) Consortium, which provides Desktop Access to high quality e-resources (online journals) like IEL Online (IEEE/IEE Electronic Library), Springer Verlag’s Link, Proquest, ACM journals, ASCE, ASME, Nature Magazine, Indian Standards (Intranet version)and ASTM journals & Standards etc. It has a good collection of learning resources. It has also a collection of several thousand E-Books on computer science (Published by Springer).
Research and collaboration.
Professors, scientific officers and students of this institute publish many of papers in journals of international repute from publishers like IEEE, Elsevier, Springer-Verlag, Taylor & Francis etc.
In November 2010, the Chemical Engineering department organised an international conference on Computation, Modelling and Optimization.
In 17–20 February 2011, the Civil Engineering department of the Institute (in association with Lund University, Sweden) organised another international conference on Water Resources & Adaptation to climate changes.
Every year, a batch of 4 academically excellent students, who have just completed their 6th semester, selected across all departments by an internal panel are sent to CERN, Geneva, to pursue research work there.
Administration.
Organisational structure.
NIT Durgapur shares a common "Visitor" (a position held by the President of India) who is the most powerful person in the NIT organizational structure and the NIT Council with the other sister NITs.
The rest of NIT Durgapur's organisational structure is distinct from that of the other NITs. The Board of Governors of NIT Durgapur is the highest body in the administrative setup of the Institute under the NIT Council. It is headed by Prof. Bikash Sinha,
Under the board of governors is the institute's director, Prof. (Dr.) Tarkeshwar Kumar, who serves as the chief academic and executive officer of the institute. He is aided by the deputy director. Under the director and the deputy director are the deans, heads of departments, registrar, president of the students' council, and chairman of the hall management committee.
The registrar, Col.(Retd.) Prabhdeep Singh Sandhu
is the chief administrative officer and oversees day-to-day operations. He is the custodian of records, funds, and other properties of the institute.
Under the charge of the heads of departments (HODs) are the faculty (full-time professors as well as those of associate and assistant status). The wardens of hostels are placed under the chairman of the hall management committee in the organisation.
Financing.
The Institute receives funding of about Rs.500 million per year from the Government of India. It is the first institute in Eastern India to be selected as a Lead Institute under the Technical Education Quality Improvement Programme (TEQIP)
of the Government of India funded by the World Bank. Research in the institute is sponsored by government agencies including the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR), the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO), the Department of Science and Technology (DST) and the Department of Biotechnology (DBT). NIT Durgapur subsidises undergraduate student fees by approximately 80% and provide scholarships to all M.Tech. students and research scholars to encourage them to pursue higher studies.
Academic policies.
The academic policies of the institute are decided by its senate. It consists of all professors of the institute, and administrative and student representatives. The senate controls and approves the curriculum, courses, examinations and results and appoints committees to look into academic matters. The teaching, training and research activities of the institute are reviewed by the senate to maintain educational standards. The director serves as the ex-officio chairman of the senate.
NIT Durgapur follows the credit-based system of performance evaluation, with proportional weighting of courses based on their importance. The total marks (usually out of 100) form the basis of grades, with a grade value (out of 10) assigned to a range of marks. For each semester, the students are graded by taking a weighted average from all the courses with their respective credit points. Each semester's evaluation is done independently with a cumulative grade point average (CGPA) reflecting the average performance across semesters. The medium of instruction is English.
Campus.
The institute is located about 161 km north-west of Kolkata on the Howrah-Delhi railway route, overlooking the Grand Trunk Road (NH-2), covering of land.
NIT Durgapur enjoys one of the best academic ecosystems as this institute falls under India's richest educational belt, constituting of IIT Kharagpur, Marine Engineering and Research Institute (MERI) Kolkata, Central Mechanical Engineering Research Institute (CMERI) Durgapur, Indian Statistical Institute Kolkata, Indian Institute of Management Calcutta, Bengal Engineering and Science University,Shibpur, Jadavpur University Kolkata, National Institute of Technology, Jamshedpur, Indian School of Mines, Dhanbad, Institute of Radio Physics and Electronics Kolkata, Calcutta University, Presidency University, Kolkata, St. Xavier's College, Kolkata, Viswabharati University and many other leading Research Institutes which are located in and around Kolkata.
Student life and amenities.
There are many facilities for the students to engage themselves in extra-curricular activities. The Institute has a full fledged Physical Training Department for the students. Students are trained in various sports and games by well experienced and qualified coaches arranged by the Department of Physical Training. Two playing grounds – (the Lord's and the Oval) are for outdoor activities like cricket, football and hockey. There are courts for volleyball, basketball and lawn tennis. There is a badminton court present in each hostel. A number of fests are held both in the odd and the even semesters. Cricket, football, badminton, table tennis, lawn tennis, basketball and volleyball are the common sports activities that keep the students busy. Besides the indoor game facilities available in the student hostels, there stands a Student Activity Centre, which includes an indoor auditorium and a gymnasium with latest equipment.
The auditorium provides table tennis and badminton facilities. Every year, inter-college cricket and football tournaments are organised. Students also participate in various sports and games competitions elsewhere. The students run many hobby clubs, including a photography club, music club, dance club and an Enteract club. The institute organises its annual cultural festival, Recstacy, every year and various inter-college cultural competitions are also organised.
The students publish literary and technical articles in an annual magazine. To motivate the students in social services, the institute has a unit of the National Service Scheme (NSS). The students of this unit render social services in the nearby rural areas.
There is a medical unit-cum-hospital with arrangement for both indoor and outdoor treatment of the patients. The medical unit is served by two resident doctors and other medical staff around the clock. For any specialised treatment the patients are referred to the state government hospital situated at the other end of the city or another advanced medical centre.
A number of stationery shops are spread throughout the campus. There is a shopping complex within the campus which allows the students to cope up with all their daily necessities. There are a number of eateries distributed throughout the campus. The college also has two State Bank of India ATM machines along with a State Bank of India and a Canara Bank branch inside the campus.
Accommodation.
National Institute of Technology, Durgapur is a residential Institute. There are seven hostels for boys and three hostels for girls to accommodate the about 2500 boys and 500 girls students. A canteen for the students and the staff is located near the main academic building and there is a second canteen at the rear exit of the main academic building of the Institute.
The most of the teachers and the staff members reside in the residential quarters provided by the Institute.
A modern Guest House beside the Director's Bungalow extends hospitality to the guests of the Institute. It is a double storied building with modern living facilities overlooking a garden and tall sal trees all around. The guests of faculty members and students are also accommodated there with advanced booking as per availability.
In the middle of the residential area there is a Shopping Complex.
Halls of residence:
Student activity.
Festivities.
Recstacy, popularly known as REX, is the annual social & cultural festival of National Institute of Technology, Durgapur and is held for 4 nights and 3 days, towards the end of February every year. It draws a footfall of about 8,000 students from colleges across the country. After a hectic schedule all through the year, the students of the campus and beyond look forward to these four days of unrestrained fun. The venue is rife all night long with throngs of students enjoying to the hilt. The festival not only brings together all NIT-students but also students from other colleges of eastern India who wish to enthrall in the myriads of artists.
Aarohan is the Annual National Techno-Management festival organised by the National Institute of Technology, Durgapur, West Bengal, India. Aarohan is organised during even semesters and lasts for four days. It is aimed at technical, arts as well as management students by offering a plethora of events, including lectures, seminars, workshops, competitions, paper presentations, exhibitions, quizzes, model displays and robotics events.
Other Fests include Mukti, Motor Zundung, Ank and Verve.
GNU/Linux Users' Group.
The institute has an active Linux Users Group (LUG). GNU/Linux Users' Group, NIT Durgapur was formed to popularise Linux and Free and Open Source software beyond the silicon branches and to the masses in common. Established in 2004 by some of the most brilliant technology enthusiasts of the institute, it started its operations with a single PC and a handful of visionaries. Over time, the group has become one of the most active student groups of the college, and further establishing itself as one of the foremost open-source advocates of the entire nation. The group conducts regular workshops, seminars and tutorials inside the college. In addition to that, the group organises talks and seminars in other colleges across the city of Durgapur as well.
The most important event of the group is an annual national level technical symposium on Linux and FOSS, called Mukti. Mukti is the largest event of it's kind in Eastern India, and it provides a platform for students nationwide to share their knowledge and intellect. 
Mukti attracts participation from students all over Eastern India, with as many as a thousand people involved in the onsite events. The online events attract participation from almost all countries in the world, with Codecracker, the group's flagship event, attracting participants from 162 countries last year.
TEAM NDORS.
Team NDORS (NIT Durgapur Off-road sports) is the official SAE BAJA team of NIT Durgapur under the banner of SAE Durgapur chapter. Baja SAE is an intercollegiate design competition run by the Society of Automotive Engineers (SAE). Teams of students from universities all over the world design and build small off-road cars. The cars all have engines of the same specifications.The team is supervised by professors of Dept of Mechanical Engineering.
Music Club.
It is one of the important club of NIT Durgapur. It's a rising club and has a very bright and promising future . The club has given some unbelievable performances recently. AMAN AHUJA (2010 - 2014) took the lead of the club and changed the entire scenario of the club . It is presently lead by final years N SAMBIT SUMAN, RANA SAHA, THINLEY YANGZOM & SAYAN GHOSH .
Prakriti Club.
Prakriti-The Environmental club of NIT Durgapur. It is the club that plays important role to promote awareness especially in the field of environmental issues. This is the only club which conducts the events(Plantation,Green Diwali, Green Art, Marathon(ruNIT), Village tour, Earth Hour) during the entire academic year.
About Us:
We the People of Prakriti- The Environmental Club of NIT Durgapur, strive to make a difference and inculcate the seed of awareness and action in the minds of prospective engineers to make this environment a sustainable place for every living being. Our motto is to change the notion that Engineers do not care for environment into making every individual on campus, a GreenEngineer, who minimizes the risk of pollution that might be caused with new inventions or breakthrough researches in technology.
As a club, we imbibe to the values our Mother Nature has taught us: Perseverance, Sustenance and Progress. Right from its rootage, Team Prakriti has made true those envisions of the founders of our club and crossed many milestones ever since its onset. We conduct our events throughout the year, reminding and awaking the slumbered minds, the importance of environment and its preservation.
Events:
Green Art: The first and foremost event of our club conducted in odd semester. Green Art is all about expression of one’s thoughts and concern towards nature and environment through Art. We conduct Essay Writing Competition, Poster Making and Collage Making Competition under Green Art. A photo was shown on the spot for the Essay Writing Competition, based on which, the participants write their essays.
Plantation: During monsoon, when the rains avail the nascence of small saplings, we conduct Plantations. Saplings provided by the Forest Dept. of Durgapur are planted in various areas inside the campus.
Green Diwali: When it’s the festival of lights, we celebrate with the residents of NIT in an eco-friendly way. Team Prakriti propagates the propaganda of avoiding fire-crackers which cause pollution and are harmful. We conduct Diya Making Competition which has the participants making eco-friendly diyas, and also Rangoli Making Competition on Diwali.
Campus Cleaning: This is one of the events we Earth Warriors are tagged, by most of the inhabitants of this campus. We find this as a responsibility to clean up our own home before trying to reform the whole wide world. Teams are divided among which we, the team along with volunteers from NSS and interested people for the cause try cleaning up the campus from non-degradable plastic.
RUNIT: It’s a 7 km mini-marathon run promoting the cause of preserving of nature and earth’s resources. Athletes and non-athletes join this marathon which is conducted during mid-February every year to make it a successful event.
Village Trip: It’s an exclusive trip by the core members of the club who visit a village every year and bring up solutions to the existing environmental problems of that village. It is synonymous to village-adoption, and observe the changes and improvements of that particular village.
Earth Hour: The star event which involves the candle march in and outside the campus by the students of NIT Durgapur organized our team has won many accolades. The lights are put out for an hour during which candle march is proceeded. The support provided by the management and of the campus and the professors is praiseworthy.
IEEE chapter.
The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) student's branch was formed on 25 February 2009.
Maths N Tech Club.
The institute has an active club MNTC which is responsible for holding events round the year which nurtures the intellect of yound and old minds alike. It is a non-profit club of NIT Durgapur and its activities include ANK (its annual "Knowledge Fest") held around in the months of August–September. It features a host of events like Terrorist Takedown, Matrix, Constructo, Simplex etc. inviting people from all fields to actively participate in it and share knowledge.
Dance club.
The Dance Club of NIT Durgapur is one of the oldest, most famous and favourite club of the college. It represents college in all the college festivals and events and at various Inter-College Dance competitions, serving College with its Talent many time. The existing members search for fresh passionate and creative talent from the college freshers every year.
Enteract club.
Enteract Club is the official dramatics club of NIT Durgapur and plays an important role to promote cultural activities especially in the field of dramatics and film making. They are well known for their street plays which help in awarding people about different important social issues.
IIChE chapter.
The Chemical Engineering department's very own students' society ChESS has taken initiative and has opened a chapter of IIChe. It provides guidance to chemical engineering students of the college. The opening of Indian Institute of Chemical Engineers chapter has also helped the chemical engineering students to get internships much more easily. It has also enabled students to take part in National and International events like CHEMCON, SCHEMCON.
Team Robocon.
ROBOCON is robots, transporting them and the registration fees for the competition. The team is supervised by professors from the Electronics, Computer Science and the Mechanical Engineering Department.
Radio Nitroz.
Radio Nitroz was formed in the year 2006-2007 by our brilliant seniors. Radio Nitroz is the 3rd successful LAN based radio among all IITs and NITs. It is a matter of proud for us. The basic intention of the formation of this club or better say family is to communicate with the "Aam Janta" of the college, be a college media and fill the campus with our bakar and fun. We have been very popular for our radio shows on LAN and the Live Dedications we used to do for hours every night.
NSS (National Service Scheme).
NSS is a society which strives to inculcate good social habits among the students. Its activities include cleaning of the campus, spreading awareness about the environment, visits to nearby slums to improve empathy towards the deprived classes, organising Blood Donation Camps.
ISTE(Indian Society for Technical Education).
The Indian Society for Technical Education is a national, professional, non-profit making Society registered under the Societies Registration Act of 1860. First started in 1941 as the Association of Principals of Technical Institutions (APTI), it was converted into "Indian Society for Technical Education" in 1968 with a view to enlarge its activities to advance the cause of technological education.The major objective of the ISTE is to assist and contribute in the production and development of top quality professional engineers and technicians needed by the industries and other organisations. Being the only national organisation of educators in the field of Engineering and Technology, ISTE effectively contributes in various missions of the Union Government. The Ministry of Human Resource Development, CTE/DST/MIT/State Govts. are well associated with the ISTE for programmes relating to technical education.
46 members
Admissions.
As decided by the Ministry of Human Resource Development, Government of India, the procedure for selection of candidates for admission to the Bachelor Degree Courses in Engineering/Technology in National Institute of Technology, Durgapur undergraduate courses are highly competitive, through the MAIN, conducted by Central Board of Secondary Education, New Delhi, and the same is executed through counselling by Central Seat Allocation Board, JEE MAIN under guidance from MHRD, GOI as per schedule notified by CSAB. In addition to the normal intake, a few seats are reserved for Foreign Students who are nominated by the Ministry of External Affairs, Government of India, and the Indian Council of Cultural Relations, Government of India and DASA students. Admission to post graduate programs like M.Tech requires competitive scores in Graduate Aptitude Test in Engineering and Common Admission Test (CAT) for MBA and National Institute of Technology MCA Common Entrance Test (NIMCET) for MCA.
The fees for the Indian students are quite reasonable owing to the fact that most of the education is subsidised by the Govt. of India. The semester fees for a student admitted in Fall 2012 was $570 (Rs. 31,017). For foreign students from SAARC countries under DASA scheme, the fees were $1750 (Rs. 95,375) and from the Non-SAARC countries under DASA scheme, the fees were $3500 (Rs. 1,90,749).

</doc>
<doc id="2838299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838299" title="Brett MacDonald">
Brett MacDonald

Brett MacDonald (born January 5, 1966) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played in one National Hockey League game with the Vancouver Canucks during the 1987–88 NHL season.

</doc>
<doc id="2838303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838303" title="Ellington, Cambridgeshire">
Ellington, Cambridgeshire

Ellington – in Huntingdonshire (now part of Cambridgeshire), England – is a village near Easton west of Huntingdon.
The village itself contains just over 230 houses and according to the 2011 census data it has a population of 585 residents. The Parish "Ellington" also includes Ellington Thorpe, a smaller settlement located just less than a mile south of Ellington itself. Ellington Thorpe is a very small hamlet containing just a few 17th-century cottages. Ellington Thorpe was previously known as 'Sibthorpe'. Its total area is around 2,700 acres; however, nearly three quarters of it is grass land. Local amenities in Ellington include The Mermaid Pub, The Village hall and the All Saints Church (pictured); furthermore there are playing fields including a football pitch, tennis courts and more recently updated playground.
History.
In 1870, Ellington was described as,
In terms of civil registration, from 1 July 1837, Ellington was a district of Huntingdonshire. Following this it became a sub-district of Spaldwick, but has now returned to being a district of Huntingdonshire.
The Mermaid Inn is Ellington's local public house. The pub gets it's name from the particular type of timber used for the skeleton of the building during construction, today the ancient beams are visible from the bar area and the dining room.
Churches.
The All Saints Church, Ellington is mentioned in the 1086 Domesday survey, although nothing earlier than the 13th Century remains, over the years the church has been changed and updated, such as the south aisle which was either altered or added around the 14th century period. Towards the end of the 14th century it is believed that the tower was either added or rebuilt. The 16th century saw the construction of the south porch. The chancel was rebuilt in 1863, the spire restored in 1899 and the nave roof in 1907. Even though the church has been partly rebuilt the church today is in good condition. The 15th century roofs are still present and the carved timberwork supported by the figures of angels. The bells currently inside the tower have been ringing for well over 300 years and continue to do so.
Demographics.
Population.
Ellington’s population graph (as pictured) shows that over the period between 1851 through until 2011 the parish has held a relatively stable number of residence. The census reports show that the population, as reported in 1851 was around 450. It reached its lowest point in 1931 when the population of the parish dramatically dropped to just above 217. At this particular time, the First World War could well be the most likely reason for this fall in population. Although following the world wars, the residency of Ellington consistantly rose from just over 217 to above 624 in 2001. The most recent census data from 2011 shows us that there has been the first drop in the population figures in 100 years, since 1911. The most noticeable section of the population graph is the clear rise from the year 1931 to the year 2001, where the population of Ellington grew from 217 right up to 624. This substantial increase could well be the result of the growth of Huntingdon only 2 miles away. In 1910, the population of the town of Huntingdon was at 18,399, and today, according to the 2011 census, the population of the town is at 23,732. Over 100 years this is a growth of roughly 50 people per year. This shows that the growth of near by Huntingdon could well have had an influence on the increase of Ellington's population.
Occupation and Employment.
The graph pictured represents the occupational statistics show that wholesale and retail is the most dominant form of employment for the residents of Ellington. Other areas of employment that also have high rates are human health and social work, public administration and defence and also areas of professional, scientific and technically skilled employment.
The earliest occupational statistics of Ellington back in 1831 show the employment fields of the residents was slightly different. The main area of employment for residents at this time was agricultural laboring, in fact, more than half of the occupancy of the parish were employed in this area. Retail and handicrafts was also another popular area of employment in 1831. Retail features strongly in the more recent census data results and is still a highly popular source of work for the residents of Ellington today 
Geography.
Location.
Ellington is located 5 and a half miles away from Huntingdon. It is just off the main A14 trunk road and mostly consists of houses. However due to its closeness to Huntingdon it is slowly growing. The nearest railway station is located within Huntingdonitself. Access to London is relatively straight forward. The parish itself is only 2 miles drive along the Huntingdon to Thrapston trunk road, to the A1 leading south, directly towards the M25 and London giving easy access to other routes and the city. About a miles south of the village is Grafham Water. Grafham Water is a large reservoir with a circumference of about 10 miles. It is the eighth largest reservoir in England by volume and the third largest by area. Today the reservoir is mainly used by Grafham Water Sailing club and Grafham Water Activities Centre.
More recently, in 1932, Ellington was described as being a "Curiously shaped village" from information in the Victoria County History series. The article talks about the general shape of the village and how the shape of Ellington consists of the main village as well as a stretch of land to both the west and the south. It also describes a stream, The Ellington Brook, “That flows from east to west” defining Ellingtons boundary on the west stretch of land. The stream also joins up to the Alconbury Brook East of the village which flows from the village of Spaldwick.
The first recorded manor house located in Ellington unfortunately no longer exists. The manor house itself was owned by the tenants of Ramsey Abbey.
Education.
In terms of schooling and education, Ellington itself does not contain any schools within the parish. However, there are a number of schools within 5 miles of the parish. These include Spaldwick Primary (4–11 years) and Hitchingbrooke School in Huntingdon (11–18 years)

</doc>
<doc id="2838306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838306" title="Elton, Cambridgeshire">
Elton, Cambridgeshire

Elton is a small village within the historic boundaries of Huntingdonshire (now part of Cambridgeshire), England. It lies on the B671 road. Elton Hall and the hamlet of Over End are located on the same road a mile south of the village. 
Elton is two miles from Fotheringhay (where Mary, Queen of Scots was executed in 1587), five miles from Oundle, and eight miles from Peterborough. It was once connected to these places by Elton railway station which closed in 1953. It is now a popular walk.
Elton has a school called Elton primary, a Loch Fine restaurant, which is connected to a Sharman & Quinney headquarters, the Crown Inn public house and an Indian restaurant. It has a garden centre with a cafe, and Elton Hall where Sir William Proby lives. there are many fields and walkways and livestock, and a pig farm where pigs are for sale, and a loch with a cow farm next to it.

</doc>
<doc id="2838310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838310" title="Maitreyi College">
Maitreyi College

Maitreyi College is a college in the South Campus of the University of Delhi, located in Bapu Dham, Chanakyapuri, New Delhi-110021, India. It was established in July 1967, and named after the Vedic sage Maitreyi.
There are three well known societies of this College.
1.) Abhivyakti: The theater society of maitreyi college. The society was established in 1999. The college girls have been show casing their theatrical talent through Abhivyakti.
2.) Zeal: Dance society of maitreyi college.
3.)Galore: Fashion society of maitreyi college.
The college has one of the most beautiful campus among South Delhi Colleges. An all women's college, it offers courses in various fields from Science to Arts and History.

</doc>
<doc id="2838311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838311" title="Kim MacDougall">
Kim MacDougall

Kim MacDougall (born August 29, 1954) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who played in one National Hockey League game for the Minnesota North Stars during the 1974–75 NHL season.

</doc>
<doc id="2838313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838313" title="Shane MacEachern">
Shane MacEachern

Shane MacEachern (born December 14, 1967 in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island) is a retired ice hockey centre. He played one game with the St. Louis Blues in the 1987–88 season.

</doc>
<doc id="2838314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838314" title="Ethelton railway station">
Ethelton railway station

Ethelton station is on the suburban rail route between Adelaide and Outer Harbor, 13.1 km (8¼ miles) from Adelaide. Ethelton station has been unstaffed since the ticket office closed in 1980. There are minimal facilities provided for passengers, in common with most of the smaller stations on the Adelaide Metro network. There is a small interchange for local buses adjacent to the station.
History.
The station at Ethelton was opened in 1916, following construction of the Commercial Road viaduct at Port Adelaide and a new bridge across the Port River. This new line diverted trains from Adelaide to Semaphore and Outer Harbor away from the congested rail yards at Port Dock station and to avoid heavy traffic along St Vincents Street in the centre of Port Adelaide.
Services.
Platform #1:
Platform #2:
All services are provided by TransAdelaide and operate a 30-minute off-peak frequency on Monday to Fridays. Peak hour services are more frequent, while evening and weekend trains depart hourly. During peak hour, a number of express services run to and from the city.
The railway tracks through Ethelton are dual gauge and capable of carrying both broad gauge and trains. Until July 2008 the dual gauge tracks were used by freight trains from Dry Creek and the Rosewater loop which passed through Ethelton to access industrial facilities on the Lefevre Peninsula and the container terminal at Pelican Point. All freight services through the station ceased when the new Port River Expressway rail connection was opened. The standard gauge tracks will remain out of use until eventual gauge conversion of broad gauge passenger trains to standard gauge.

</doc>
<doc id="2838317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838317" title="Blair MacKasey">
Blair MacKasey

Blair David Mackasey (born December 13, 1955) is a former professional ice hockey defenceman. He was drafted in the fourth round, 55th overall, by the Washington Capitals in the 1975 NHL Entry Draft. He was also drafted by the Indianapolis Racers (fourth round, 47th overall) of the World Hockey Association in the 1975 WHA Amateur Draft.
Mackasey played just one game in the National Hockey League, with the Toronto Maple Leafs during the 1976–77 season. He also played minor-league baseball for two seasons in the Montreal Expos organization.
After his playing career ended, Mackasey was head scout for the Phoenix Coyotes from 1996, and then head scout for Hockey Canada from June 2002 until July 2005, when he became Director of Player Personnel. From January 2006 Mackasey has held the position of Director of Professional Scouting for the Minnesota Wild.

</doc>
<doc id="2838321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838321" title="Lyricon">
Lyricon

The Lyricon is an electronic wind instrument, the first wind controller to be constructed.
Invented by Bill Bernardi (and co-engineered by Roger Noble and with the late Lyricon performer Chuck Greenberg), it was manufactured by a company called Computone Inc in Massachusetts. The Lyricon was available in two different designs, the first one being somewhat silver and resembling a soprano saxophone and the latter, black and resembling an alto clarinet. Using a form of additive synthesis, the player was allowed to change between types of overtones with a key switchable between fundamentals of G, Bb, C, Eb, and F (which meant that the instrument could be used to play transposed parts written for saxophones, trumpets, etc.) and an octave range that could be switched between low, medium, or high. The instrument also had controls for glissando, portamento, and "timbre attack" (a type of chorusing). The Lyricon used a bass clarinet mouthpiece, with a sprung metal sensor on the (non-vibrating) reed that detected lip pressure. Wind pressure was detected by a diaphragm, which moved and changed the light output from an LED, which was in turn sensed by a photocell to give dynamic control.
Two additional re-modelled Lyricons were engineered later. First the "Wind Synthesizer Driver", which had control voltage outputs for lip pressure, wind pressure and pitch, to control the VCA and VCF and pitch of an external analog synthesizer. Then the "Lyricon II" was engineered, which included a two-oscillator synthesiser. All the Lyricons used the same saxophone style fingering system, with two octave keys above the left-hand thumb rest. The Wind Synthesizer Driver and the Lyricon II also had a transposition footswitch feature, where a foot pedal could be used to transpose the entire range up or down one octave. None of the Lyricons was engineered to use MIDI (which was invented after Computone went out of business in 1980), although external MIDIfication modules were produced by JL Cooper and STEIM.
The design of the Lyricon controller was later borrowed to form the basis for Yamaha's WX-series MIDI wind controllers.

</doc>
<doc id="2838322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838322" title="Dusa McDuff">
Dusa McDuff

Dusa McDuff (born 18 October 1945) is an English mathematician whose work on symplectic geometry was recognized by the first Satter Prize, selection as a Noether Lecturer, and fellowship in the Royal Society.
Early life and education.
Margaret Dusa Waddington was born in London, England, on 18 October 1945 to noted biologist Conrad Hal Waddington and Edinburgh architect Justin Blanco White. Justin was the daughter of Amber Reeves, the noted feminist and lover of H. G. Wells and an author in her own right. Though born in London, McDuff grew up in Scotland, where her father was appointed Professor of Genetics at the University of Edinburgh. McDuff was educated at a girls school in Edinburgh and, although the standard was lower than at the corresponding boys' school, McDuff had an exceptionally good mathematics teacher. She writes:
I always wanted to be a mathematician (apart from a time when I was eleven when I wanted to be a farmer's wife), and assumed that I would have a career, but I had no idea how to go about it: I didn't realize that the choices which one made about education were important and I had no idea that I might experience real difficulties and conflicts in reconciling the demands of a career with life as a woman.
Turning down a scholarship to the University of Cambridge to stay with her boyfriend in Scotland, she enrolled at the University of Edinburgh. Awarded a B.Sc. in 1967, McDuff eventually matriculated as a doctoral student at the Girton College, Cambridge. Here, under the guidance of mathematician George A. Reid, McDuff worked on problems in functional analysis. She solved a difficult problem on von Neumann algebras, constructing infinitely many different factors of type II1, and published the work in the Annals of Mathematics.
After completing her doctorate in 1971 McDuff was appointed to a two-year Science Research Council Postdoctoral Fellowship at Cambridge. Following her husband, McDuff left for a six month visit to Moscow. Her husband was studying the Russian Symbolist poet Innokenty Annensky and Dusa had no specific plans, yet it would turn out to be a very profitable visit for her mathematically. There, she met Israel Gelfand in Moscow who gave her a deeper appreciation of mathematics. McDuff later wrote:
collaboration with him... was not planned: it happened that his was the only name which came to mind when I had to fill out a form in the Inotdel office. The first thing that Gel'fand told me was that he was much more interested in the fact that my husband was studying the Russian Symbolist poet Innokenty Annensky than that I had found infinitely many type II-sub-one factors, but then he proceeded to open my eyes to the world of mathematics. It was a wonderful education, in which reading Pushkin, Mozart and Salieri played as important a role as learning about Lie groups or reading Cartan and Eilenberg. Gel'fand amazed me by talking of mathematics as though it were poetry. He once said about a long paper bristling with formulas that it contained the vague beginnings of an idea which he could only hint at and which he had never managed to bring out more clearly. I had always thought of mathematics as being much more straightforward: a formula is a formula, and an algebra is an algebra, but Gel'fand found hedgehogs lurking in the rows of his spectral sequences!
On returning to Cambridge, McDuff started attending Frank Adams's topology lectures and was soon invited to teach at the University of York. Here she "essentially wrote a second PhD" while working with Graeme Segal. At this time a position at MIT opened up for her, reserved for visiting female mathematicians. Her career as a mathematician started picking up after her stint at MIT and soon she was accepted to the Institute for Advanced Study where she worked with Segal on the Atiyah–Segal completion theorem. She then returned to England where she was given lectureship at the University of Warwick. 
Around this time she met renowned mathematician John Milnor who was then based in Princeton University. In order to live closer to him she took up an (untenured) assistant professorship at the Stony Brook University. Now an independent mathematician, she started working on the relationship between diffeomorphisms and the classifying space for foliations. 
She has since taken up symplectic topology. In the spring of 1985, McDuff attended the Institut des Hautes Études Scientifiques in Paris to study Mikhael Gromov's work on elliptic methods. 
Since 2007, she has held the Helen Lyttle Kimmel chair at Barnard College. 
McDuff is married to Fields medallist, Wolf Prize winner John Milnor, a mathematician at Stony Brook University.
Work and research.
For the last 30 years McDuff has been a contributor to the development of the field of symplectic geometry and topology. Her work has helped ensure that symplectic geometry is now at the forefront of modern mathematics. She gave the first example of symplectic forms on a closed manifold that are cohomologous but not diffeomorphic and also classified of rational and ruled symplectic four-manifolds, completed with Francois Lalonde. More recently, partly in collaboration with Susan Tolman, she has pioneered applications of powerful methods of ‘hard’ symplectic topology to the theory of Hamiltonian torus actions. She has also worked on embedding capacities of 4-dimensional symplectic ellipsoids with Felix Schlenk, which gives rise to some very interesting number-theoretical questions. It also indicates a connection between the combinatorics of J-holomorphic curves in the blow up of the projective plane and the numbers that appear as indices in embedded contact homology.
With Dietmar Salamon, she co-authored the two highly influential and beautifully written textbooks "Introduction to Symplectic Topology" and "J-Holomorphic Curves and Symplectic Topology". These are considered to be classic references in the field.
Honors and recognition.
McDuff was the first to be awarded the Satter Prize in 1991 for her work on symplectic geometry; she is a Fellow of the Royal Society (1994), a Noether Lecturer (1998) and a member of the United States National Academy of Sciences (1999). She was also a Plenary Lecturer at the 1998 International Congress of Mathematicians. In 2012 she became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.
In 2010, she was awarded the Senior Berwick Prize of the London Mathematical Society.

</doc>
<doc id="2838325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838325" title="Ken Mann">
Ken Mann

Kenneth Ross Mann (born September 5, 1953) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey right winger who played in one National Hockey League game for the Detroit Red Wings during the 1975–76 NHL season.

</doc>
<doc id="2838326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838326" title="Julie Anthony">
Julie Anthony

Julie Anthony may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2838330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838330" title="Han Guangsheng">
Han Guangsheng

Han Guangsheng (韩广生) (born 1952), emerged as a Chinese defector in Canada during July, 2005 to support a number of allegations made by Chen Yonglin. Han claims to have been in charge of Shenyang's public security and labor camps prior to his defection. The 52 year-old defector has been denied political asylum and ruled ineligible to remain in Canada, because the federal Immigration and Refugee Board found him a "willing accomplice" in prior human rights abuses.

</doc>
<doc id="2838331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838331" title="Muda (Japanese term)">
Muda (Japanese term)

A process adds value by producing goods or providing a service that a customer will pay for. A process consumes resources and waste occurs when more resources are consumed than are necessary to produce the goods or provide the service that the customer actually wants. The attitudes and tools of the TPS heighten awareness and give whole new perspectives on identifying waste and therefore the unexploited opportunities associated with reducing waste.
Muda has been given much greater attention as waste than the other two which means that whilst many Lean practitioners have learned to see muda they fail to see in the same prominence the variation of mura (unevenness) and muri (overburden). Thus, while they are focused on getting their process under control they do not give enough time to process improvement by redesign.
The seven wastes.
One of the key steps in Lean and TPS is the identification of which steps add value and which do not. By classifying all the process activities into these two categories it is then possible to start actions for improving the former and eliminating the latter. Some of these definitions may seem rather 'idealist' but this tough definition is seen as important to the effectiveness of this key step. Once value-adding work (actual work) has been separated from waste then waste can be subdivided into 'needs to be done (auxiliary work) but non-value adding' waste and pure waste. The clear identification of 'non-value adding work', as distinct from waste or work, is critical to identifying the assumptions and beliefs behind the current work process and to challenging them in due course. 
The expression "Learning to see" comes from an ever developing ability to see waste where it was not perceived before. Many have sought to develop this ability by 'trips to Japan' to visit Toyota to see the difference between their operation and one that has been under continuous improvement for thirty years under the TPS. 
The following "seven wastes" identify resources which are commonly wasted. They were identified by Toyota's Chief Engineer, Taiichi Ohno as part of the Toyota Production System: 
There can be more forms of waste in addition to the seven. The 8 most common forms of waste can be remembered using the mnemonic "DOWNTIME" (Defective Production, Overproduction, Waiting, Non-used Employee Talent (the 8th form), Transportation, Inventory, Motion and Excessive (Over) Processing)
Transportation.
Each time a product is moved it stands the risk of being damaged, lost, delayed, etc. as well as being a cost for no added value. Transportation does not make any transformation to the product that the consumer is willing to pay for.
Inventory.
Inventory, be it in the form of raw materials, work-in-progress (WIP), or finished goods, represents a capital outlay that has not yet produced an income either by the producer or for the consumer. Any of these three items not being actively processed to add value is waste.
Motion.
In contrast to transportation, which refers to damage to products and transaction costs associated with moving them, motion refers to the damage that the production process inflicts on the entity that creates the product, either over time (wear and tear for equipment and repetitive strain injuries for workers) or during discrete events (accidents that damage equipment and/or injure workers).
Waiting.
Whenever goods are not in transport or being processed, they are waiting. In traditional processes, a large part of an individual product's life is spent waiting to be worked on.
Over-processing.
Over-processing occurs any time more work is done on a piece than is required by the customer. This also includes using components that are more precise, complex, higher quality or expensive than absolutely required.
Over-production.
Overproduction occurs when more product is produced than is required at that time by your customers. One common practice that leads to this muda is the production of large batches, as often consumer needs change over the long times large batches require. Overproduction is considered the worst muda because it hides and/or generates all the others. Overproduction leads to excess inventory, which then requires the expenditure of resources on storage space and preservation, activities that do not benefit the customer.
Defects.
Whenever defects occur, extra costs are incurred reworking the part, rescheduling production, etc.
This results in labor costs, more time in the "Work-in-progress". Defects in practice can sometimes double the cost of one single product. This should not be passed on to the consumer and should be taken as a loss.
Mnemonics.
An easy way to remember the 7 wastes is TIMWOOD. 
Another easy way is NOW TIME: It's now time to eliminate Mudas:
The best way to remember the muda 7 wastes according to Coull & Conroy is WIMPDOT:
Other candidate wastes.
Other sources have proposed additional wastes. These may work for the proposers or they may overlap or be inconsistent with the originals which came from a coherent source.
Latent skill.
Organizations employ their staff for specific skills that they may have.
These employees have other skills too, it is wasteful to not take advantage of these skills as well.
"It is only by capitalizing on employees' creativity that organizations can eliminate the other seven wastes and continuously improve their performance."
Implementation.
Shigeo Shingo divides process related activity into Process and Operation. He distinguishes "Process", the course of material that is transformed into product, from "Operation" which are the actions performed on the material by workers and machines. This distinction is not generally recognized because most people would view the "Operations" performed on the raw materials of a product by workers and machines as the "Process" by which those raw materials are transformed into the final product. He makes this distinction because value is added to the product by the process but not by most of the operations. He states that whereas many see Process and Operations in parallel he sees them at right angles (orthogonal) (see Value Stream Mapping). This starkly throws most of the operations into the waste category.
Many of the TPS/Lean techniques work in a similar way. By planning to reduce manpower, or reduce change-over times, or reduce campaign lengths, or reduce lot sizes the question of waste comes immediately into focus upon those elements that prevent the plan being implemented. Often it is in the operations' area rather than the process area that muda can be eliminated and remove the blockage to the plan. Tools of many types and methodologies can then be employed on these wastes to reduce or eliminate them.
The plan is therefore to build a fast, flexible process where the immediate impact is to reduce waste and therefore costs. By ratcheting the process towards this aim with focused muda reduction to achieve each step, the improvements are 'locked in' and become required for the process to function. Without this intent to build a fast, flexible process there is a significant danger that any improvements achieved will not be sustained because they are "just" desirable and can slip back towards old behaviours without the process stopping.

</doc>
<doc id="2838332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838332" title="KOME">
KOME

KOME was a radio station in San Jose, California, heard at 98.5 FM from 1971 through 1998. Currently, the 98.5 FM frequency is home to KUFX ("K-Fox").
History.
Beginnings.
In 1959, Edward W. Meece, one of the founders of Pacifica Radio, formed The Audio House, Inc and started a new radio station, KRPM at 98.5 FM in San Jose, California. KRPM's format was classical music.
1970s.
Meece sold The Audio House, Inc, with KRPM, for roughly $300,000 in February 1971 to Mel Gollub of Pennsylvania and Ron Cutler. The station's call letters were changed to KOME, and the format became free-form rock. KOME was first enshrined in studios in the Pruneyard Shopping Center in Campbell in the Tower building on the 13th floor. Later, it moved to an old house on The Alameda in San Jose. Notable DJs included Cese McGowan, Uncle Jack Tossman, J. William Weed, Gary T., Phil Charles, Wolf, Wapaho Joe, Joe Kelly, Mark Sherry, and Mother Deal. In 1973 a group of New Yorkers led by former Metromedia executives Michael A. Wiener and Gerald Carrus, who later assumed themselves as Infinity Broadcasting acquired KOME as the first of many stations to come. They hired radio veteran Bob Simmons to become their Program Director and moved the station to a location on Winchester Blvd near Payne Avenue in San Jose.
KOME attracted a loyal South Bay rock audience throughout the 1970s and early 1990s, against original San Jose FM rock rival KSJO. Both stations managed to attract some listeners within neighboring San Francisco against Tom Donahue's well-known KMPX and KSAN, neither of which had a significant presence in the South Bay. KOME's diamond shaped stickers were a common sight on vehicles and high school lockers around the area. Several on-air slogans suggested the sexual connotations of its call letters, probably the most memorable being Dennis Erectus 1977–1992 exclaiming "Don't touch that dial, it's got KOME on it!," as well as others saying things like "K-O-M-E all over your radio dial," "You've got KOME... "oozing" out of your speakers," "Wake up with KOME in your ear," and "The KOME spot on your dial." Not surprisingly, Playboy magazine found this newsworthy enough to mention the station.
The station's free-form rock music allowed disc jockeys to choose their music. In 1974, program director Ed Romig from ABC's FM in Chicago, WDAI tightened up the free-form rock format. He brought in from Chicago, Peter B. Collins and hired Gene Mitchell for afternoons. He appointed former KSJO morning personality, to be Music Director. His successor, Mikel Herrington (aka Mikel Hunter, and in a previous incarnation, "Captain Mikey") returned the station to its free-form roots in August 1977. He discarded the card catalog playlist in favor of an eclectic library including art rock, punk, new wave, and [(country/country rock)] within a rock format framework.. Mikel did the morning show and hired Barry Corkery, Dennis Erectus, Laurie Roberts, Kelly Cox, Larry Jacobs, and Joe Regelski.
The KOME decals of that era were seen not just locally, but photographs of them were sent to the station proving people placed them both nationally and internationally (San Jose, Costa Rica sported a KOME decal for a while). These early diamond decals were available to listeners as both black on yellow, and yellow on black, with "Our Decal" the phrase at the bottom. Other station items also sported the "Our" designation such as "Our Light," "Our Cube" (a pen holder), even the payroll checks said "Our Checks" on them. A limited number of diamond decals with black on a white background were produced for staff members. Listeners soon became highly creative, cutting up the decals to read new phrases; the most notorious was likely "KOKE 99.9% Pure." Another variation had "KAME" (with the arrow moved beneath it, pointing downward). The later "Rock Radio" era eliminated the "Our Decal" and replaced it with "FM," as well as producing some with a digital typeface. Both eras produced limited edition decals promoting bands of the day such as The Rolling Stones, The Who and Bruce Springsteen.
News at the "come" era of KOME was taken seriously, but allowed for room to expand to clever parodies of news events of the day through the efforts of Production Director Jack Perry and News Director Rob Singleton, (and in the earlier days Joe Regelski) with Newsman Mark Goldberg assisting. Production and airstaff members would assist in producing skits that rivaled those of popular comedy troupe The Credibility Gap.
1980s–1990s.
According to an article in "Metro", KOME's freeform ethic ended around 1982, when Infinity Broadcasting tightened the station's playlist and enlisted radio consultant, Jeff Pollack to determine programming. Mikel Hunter Herrington, who earlier had great success programming KMET in Los Angeles, left the station in protest. He spent the next few years doing radio in Las Vegas, Philadelphia (WIP), and finally back in Northern California at Napa's KVYN.
In 1983, PD Les Tracy hardened the format to a mostly heavy metal playlist. Hard rock and Tracy lasted slightly less than a year before dismal ratings released Tracy, and new PD Pat Evans reverted KOME to its previous approach.
The years between 1983 and 1994 were the station's high-water mark with now famous KOME personalities such as Blazy & Bob, Stephen Page, "Weird Old Uncle" Frank Bennett, Scott Lewis and the return of Dennis Erectus, turning KOME into one of the most notorious in the nation, winning the Rolling Stone Readers Poll as Station of the Year in both 1988 and 1990, landing them on the cover of the music magazine. Local, national and international live broadcasts and innovative promotions kept the station in the fore-front of rock radio. The end came quickly and sadly when parent company Infinity pulled the plug on the AOR format.
KOME went to alternative rock and new wave music in May 1994, eschewing much of the remaining remnants of its rock past. Syndicated programming such as "The Howard Stern Show" and "Loveline" supplanted some local DJs.
Closure.
In 1997, Infinity Broadcasting, which had recently merged with CBS, purchased KITS "Live 105," San Francisco from Entercom, and ran both stations with identical formats for a short time. The company was legally required to sell one station when they took over American Radio Systems in May 1998, and opted to sell the 98.5 frequency to Jacor, owners of longtime rival KSJO. Jacor transferred their classic rock station KUFX and its callsign to their newly acquired frequency, thus ending KOME. CBS/Infinity transferred two members of KOME's air staff (Ally Storm and No Name), and the Stern and "Loveline" syndicated shows, to KITS as "The New Live 105". The KOME call letters were retired from the Bay Area, resurfacing briefly on a small co-owned AM station outside the market. At this writing, the KOME call letters are used in Meridian TX at 95.3.
Ratings history vs. KSJO and KSAN.
The following tables compare KOME's Arbitron average share with those of KSJO and KSAN, over five two-month periods. The data is valid for listerners 12 years and older, from 06:00 until midnight, for seven days. In both tables, it appears that KOME began to overtake KSJO significantly in January and February 1979. In the San Francisco nine-county area, KOME actually overtook KSAN slightly in April and May 1979.
Notable disk jockeys and other air staff.
Alphabetical by air name (aka)

</doc>
<doc id="2838334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838334" title="SOMUA S35">
SOMUA S35

The SOMUA S35 was a French Cavalry tank of the Second World War. Built from 1936 until 1940 to equip the armoured divisions of the Cavalry, it was for its time a relatively agile medium-weight tank, superior in armour and armament to both its French and foreign competitors, such as the contemporary versions of the German Panzerkampfwagen III. It was constructed from well-sloped, mainly cast, armour sections, that however made it expensive to produce and time-consuming to maintain.
During the German invasion of May 1940, the SOMUA S35 proved itself to be a tactically effective type, but this was negated by strategic mistakes in deploying its units. After the defeat of France in June 1940, limiting production to a number of 430, captured SOMUA S35s were used by the Axis powers. A derived type, the SOMUA S40, with an improved suspension, lowered hull cast and welded turret armour, had been planned to replace the original version on the production lines in July 1940.
Development.
The design of the SOMUA S35 comes from the changed specifications of 26 June 1934 for an "Automitrailleuse de Combat" (AMC) issued for cavalry use. These called for a much heavier design than had been originally specified in 1931. The new type had to be immune to contemporary antitank gun fire. On 17 May the Army had already contacted a subsidiary of Schneider et Cie — the Société d'Outillage Mécanique et d'Usinage d'Artillerie (or SOMUA) based at Saint-Ouen — to build a prototype. The company accepted this proposal on 16 July and construction began on 12 October 1934. The prototype, with the name AC3, was ready on 14 April 1935. It was tested from 4 July until 2 August 1935. Then a preseries of four was produced of an improved type, the AC4, to be tested until 27 January 1938. These first vehicles had the standard APX1 turret, fitted with the short 47 mm SA 34 gun. On 25 March 1936, the AC4 was taken on as the standard medium tank of the Cavalry with the official new name Automitrailleuse de Combat modèle 1935 S (or AMC 1935 S), when a first order for fifty was made. The tank was then more commonly known as SOMUA S35 (S again for SOMUA and 35 from 1935, the year of introduction); today the even shorter abbreviation "S35" is most often used, usually with a hyphen: "S-35", but this latter form is never seen in contemporaneous French sources.
The mass-production vehicles would have the longer SA 35 gun. Originally, a total production of 600 was planned, but the second order was limited to 250 for financial reasons. Later a third prewar order of 200 was made.
Description.
The hull and turret were castings with a maximum thickness of 47 mm and 40 mm respectively — the former of four sections, bolted together: two longitudinal plates formed the bottom; the superstructure was divided in a front and back section. The turret was a variant of the APX 1 as used on the Char B1: the APX 1 CE ("chemin élargi") with a larger ( as against ) turret ring, allowing the radio operator to assist the commander in loading the gun from an ammunition stock of 118 shells (90 AP, 28 HE) and 2,250 machine gun rounds. Still, as with the B1, the commander was expected to direct the tank while also aiming, loading and firing the 47 mm SA 35 main gun — although at least the radio duty could be left to another crew member. Radios were planned to be part of the standard equipment of S35s. In practice the platoon commander had an ER ("émetteur-récepteur") 29 set for communications with a higher command level, but a shortage of the short range ER28 sets for communication within the platoon meant that the other four tanks were never fitted with any form of radio, although in some units all tanks had antennas: the programme to fit the sets themselves was postponed until the summer of 1940 and thus overtaken by events.
The suspension was designed by Eugène Brillié, the same man who had developed the first French tank, the Schneider CA1. He had worked with the Czech Škoda company and based his design on that of the LT35: eight road wheels paired on four bogies with leaf springs and an equally large tension wheel. The first fifty vehicles had tracks consisting of 144 track links, each link with a length of 75 mm; later vehicles had 103 links of 105 mm length.
The engine was in the rear of the hull side by side with two self-sealing fuel tanks, of 100 and 410 litres respectively, separated from the fighting compartment by a firewall bulkhead. The (officially) 200 hp engine, designed by Javier-Sabin, drew fuel from the smaller tank, which was itself automatically replenished from the larger one. Inexperienced crews sometimes made the mistake of only filling the smaller tank. Engine and suspension maintenance was difficult and time-consuming, due to a poor accessibility, though this was improved in later vehicles.
The S 35 had an automatic fire extinguishing system using several tanks placed at critical spots, containing methyl bromide.
Tactical function.
Like the British and the Soviets, the French believed in a strict division of labour between cavalry tanks and infantry tanks. The French Army preferred to fight a defensive battle — and was convinced it would be victorious in such an engagement — but was realistic enough to understand that the strategic situation might well force it to wage offensive warfare. Each of the two phases of an offensive: the breakthrough and the exploitation of it, called for its own specialised vehicle. The SOMUA S35 was optimised to fulfil the latter rôle: it had good speed, an adequate range, a gun powerful enough to easily destroy its two probable opponents: the Soviet BT-7 and the German Panzerkampfwagen III and armour thick enough to be practically immune to the fire of both. So it could carry out deep strategic penetrations and destroy enemy armour reserves trying to prevent them. This is why today the S35 is sometimes described as the best medium tank of the thirties. The French Cavalry would have heartily disagreed. They judged their main tank to be imperfect in many respects. Remarkably not included among the perceived imperfections was the one-man turret, though it is today typically mentioned as its single most important drawback. A commander was supposed to acquire such a degree of hability that his workload didn't negate the lack of need to coordinate the actions of three men in a larger turret crew or the advantage of a quicker reaction because of a superior rotation speed.
The Cavalry however did acknowledge three flaws, respectively on the tactical, the operational and the strategic level. The main tactical flaw was the hatchless cupola, forcing the commander to fight buttoned-up. This had been caused by the need to adopt the APX-1 turret, purely for budgetary reasons. The B1 bis's APX4 turret faced similar criticism from the Infantry.
The operational flaw was its poor mechanical reliability. The suspension units were too weak and too complicated, demanding enormous maintenance efforts, especially since the cast armour modules did not allow an easy access to the suspension and engine. This had been caused by the fact there was no central institution regulating French tank development. The Army branches issued very vague specifications, leaving it to private enterprise to come up with precise proposals. The French machine tool national stock was relatively outdated and tank designs reflected the limited existing production facilities. To introduce a Christie suspension — the obvious solution — was impossible without a thorough industrial modernisation and raising of quality standards.
The strategic flaw was the high unit price of the tank and the limited number of large cast sections that could be produced. This implied that the absolute number of S35s produced would be low. The tank had to be supplemented by a cheaper type and the only one available had been the Hotchkiss H35, much inferior in armour, armament and speed, even after it had been improved to the "H39" variant. The Cavalry had a very low opinion of the fighting value of this light tank. It decided to keep a large number of S35s in the core of their armoured divisions and rejected the easy method of raising more of them by dividing the S35s among the Cavalry Light Divisions — in contrast to the Germans who distributed the also low number of PzKpfw IIIs partly to their "Leichte Kavalleriedivisionen". It also decided against the continued mass production of even lighter vehicles like the AMR 35 and AMC 35. This again implied that the Germans would in May 1940 have a large superiority in strategically mobile large armoured units: ten to three, because the four French armoured divisions of the Infantry did not possess sufficient organic artillery and infantry to operate effectively in an independent role. France intended to raise many more armoured divisions for use in a decisive offensive in 1941; as the French production capacity for cast armour sections was insufficient, at the time of the defeat negotiations were ongoing to employ American producers; during the crisis caused by the German attacks in June it was even proposed to let them build 2000 vehicles.
Production and operational history.
Four tanks of the AC4 pre-series of the S35 entered service in January 1936 with the "4e Cuirassiers". At the end of 1937 the SA 35 gun became available and deliveries of the main production series could begin. By mid 1938 a hundred had been produced, 270 on 1 September 1939 and 246 delivered. On this date 191 served with the troops, 51 were in depot and four had been sent back to the factory for overhaul. After the outbreak of war a fourth order of 200 was made, bringing the ordered total to 700. Later it was decided that from the 451st vehicle onwards the tanks would be of the improved S 40 type. Production in fact totalled 430 by June 1940, including the prototype and the preseries.
Of these about 288 were in front-line service at the beginning of the Battle of France, with the three armoured divisions of the Cavalry, the "Divisions Légères Mécaniques" or Mechanised Light Divisions ("light" here meaning "mobile"). Each of these had an organic strength of eight squadrons with ten S35s; each squadron however had a matériel reserve of two tanks and regimental and brigade commanders in practice had personal tanks too, resulting in a total of 88 vehicles per division. Furthermore 31 were present in the general matériel reserve, 49 in factory stocks and 26 were being processed for acceptance. These vehicles were later issued to several "ad hoc" units, such as the 4th DCR (commanded by Charles de Gaulle) which received 39, part of "3e Cuirassiers", the 4th DLM (10), and some "Corps-francs Motorisés" (about 25). Also the destroyed 1st, 2nd and 3rd DLM were reconstituted with a small number of tanks, the first two divisions received ten S 35s, the third twenty; S 35s further served with the "7e Cuirassiers" (25) and a platoon of three was present in the "3e RAM" of the "3e DLC".
In May 1940 during the Battle of France the DLMs were tasked with the difficult manoevre of carrying out a quick advance into the Low Countries, followed by a holding action to allow the infantry divisions following behind to dig themselves in. The 2nd and 3rd DLM were concentrated in the Gembloux gap between Louvain and Namur, where there were no natural obstacles to impede a German advance. They had to spread out somewhat to hold that sector against incursions by the German 3rd and 4th Panzer Divisions. This was necessitated by the local tactical situation and did not reflect some fundamental difference in doctrine between the use of the DLMs and the "Panzerdivisionen". Both types of units were very similar in equipment, training and organisation, as the German armoured divisions too were primarily intended for strategic exploitation, while the breakthrough phase was preferably left to the infantry. The resulting tank battle from 13 to 15 May, the Battle of Hannut, was—with about 1700 AFVs participating—the largest until that day and is still one of the largest of all time. The S 35s gave a good account of themselves, proving to be indeed superior to the German tanks in direct combat, but they were rather hesitantly deployed as the French High Command mistakenly supposed the gap was the German "Schwerpunkt" and tried to preserve their best tanks to block subsequent attacks by the rest of the "Panzerwaffe".
When it transpired the attack was really a feint and the forces in the north were in danger of being cut off by the German advance south of Namur, the 1st DLM that had very quickly moved 200 kilometres to the north to help the Dutch, was hurriedly rushed south again. The resulting disorder and breakdown of most of its S 35s rendered this unit, the most powerful of all Allied divisions, impotent; it was defeated by the German 5th "Panzerdivision" on 17 May. The other DLMs fought a delaying battle, participated in the Battle of Arras and then disintegrated. Committing its only strategically mobile armour reserve early in the battle had made the French Army fatally vulnerable to a German strategic surprise.
After the June 1940 armistice, S 35s were allowed to be sent to West Africa to bolster the hold of the Vichy regime on that region. They were issued to the "12e régiment de Chasseurs d'Afrique" that, after French forces in Africa had sided with the Allies, operated them against German and Italian forces during the Tunisia Campaign. After taking part in the Tunis victory parade, 12e RCA's S35s were replaced by M4 Shermans, but crews often affixed the SOMUA plate on their new tanks.
After the liberation of France in 1944 an armoured unit was raised, the "13e Régiment de Dragons", using French matériel, among which seventeen S 35s.
Foreign service.
After the fall of France a number of S 35s (297 were captured according to some sources) were taken into service with the Wehrmacht as the "Panzerkampfwagen 35-S 739(f)". The Germans modified the cupola by cutting its top off and installing a simple hatch. On 10 December 1940 the first German tank unit equipped with French "Beutepanzer" was formed: "201. Panzerregiment" with 118 tanks, 36 of these were S 35s, the rest "38Hs". On 10 February 1941 "202. Panzerregiment" was established; both regiments were united into "Panzerbrigade 100". On 27 January the independent "301. Panzerabteilung" was formed with French vehicles; total S 35 organic strength in the "Wehrmacht" was thus ninety. On 22 March this independent battalion replaced the Second Battalion of "201. Panzerregiment", which battalion was renamed to Panzer-Abteilung 211 and sent to Finland in June, the only German unit with S 35s that would fight on the Eastern Front. The 21st and "25. Panzerdivision" in 1943 used some S 35s when reforming after having been largely destroyed. Some vehicles had their superstructure removed and were used for driver-training, while others were used for security duties. Some of these units fought in Normandy in 1944, such as "100. Panzer Ersatz und Ausbildungs Abteilung" and "206. Panzer Abteilung", while others were used in Yugoslavia for anti-partisan duties ("7. SS-Freiwilligen-Gebirgs-Division "Prinz Eugen"", "12. Panzer-Kompanie z.b.V." and "I./Panzer-Regiment 202"). There were still twelve S 35s listed as in German service on 30 December 1944.
Some of the captured S 35s were delivered to German allies: 32 to Italy in 1941, two to Hungary in 1942 and six to Bulgaria in 1943. They were used by the Italians for training purposes and to equip a reserve unit. The Bulgarian vehicles were after the war used by police units.
Projects.
From the S35, SOMUA developed in 1937 the SAu 40 self-propelled 75 mm gun. Its drivetrain featured an extra wheel to improve off-road capabilities, and the hull was wider. Only one prototype was built in this configuration; it fought in June, probably together with a small number of mass-production vehicles, fitted with the powerful 47 mm SA 37 gun: 72 units had been ordered on 1 May 1940.
In order to address some of the shortcomings of the S35, SOMUA presented the improved AC5 type in 1939. Based on the SAu 40 chassis and its Char G1-project but with the original breadth, this SOMUA S40 had a welded ARL 2C turret and redesigned cast superstructure, both to lower production costs and to improve protection standards as the cast sections, delivered by eighteen subcontractors, sometimes were of inferior quality. The new suspension strongly improved the climbing capacity, of which the Cavalry had officially complained in November 1938; its greater weight was compensated by lowering the hull height by fourteen centimetres, causing a weight gain of four hundred kilogrammes. In contrast, the engine deck was raised to fit an improved 230 hp engine, increasing maximum speed to 45 km/h, although the new engine was not yet available in the summer of 1940. The armament and general nominal armour base would remain the same, but first steps to improve these, which might have naturally have evolved into a "S 41", had already been taken in the spring of 1940, when plans were made for a 60 mm welded ARL turret. A first order was on 21 September 1939 made for fifty vehicles, and it was intended to become the main production type, superseding the S 35 from the 451st vehicle with total orders having reached four hundred hulls, but none were completed at the time of the German invasion; the first vehicles were planned to be produced in July; hull sections had already been cast since November 1939. Of the first 160 vehicles eighty had been planned to be made of an intermediate type, with the old turret.
After the armistice plans were developed to resume production, partly for the benefit of the Axis powers. On 28 May 1941 the German ambassador in France Otto Abetz concluded an agreement with the French government, the Protocols of Paris. These included the intention to produce eight hundred SOMUA S40s, two hundred for France itself and six hundred for Germany and Italy. However, Hitler, suspicious of a French rearmament, declined ratifying the agreement.
In November 1940 the Japanese government requested Germany to allow production for Japan. When Japan became a belligerent, on 9 February 1942 it was decided that France would produce 250 SOMUA S40s for the Japanese Imperial Army, the first to be delivered in twelve months time, production having to reach a peak of eight vehicles per month in eighteen months. The events of November 1942 precluded both production and delivery.
Early 1942, France was finally given permission to reequip its forces with SOMUA S40s, now that the type had become obsolete and the Germans had lost interest. Two versions were considered on 24 April 1942, both fitted with the larger FCM-turret, originally developed for the Char G1: the first would have been armed with the SA 35 gun, operated by a two men turret crew, the second with the longer SA 37 gun placed in a three men turret. France foresaw a production of 135 vehicles, to equip three squadrons of 45 each, but the preparations were halted in November 1942, when the whole of France was occupied. However, a clandestine development continued, of a SARL 42, fitted with the ARL 3 turret and a 75 mm L/32 or L/44 gun using an optical range finder. To limit weight, its side armour was to be diminished to thirty millimetres.
In 1945 it was proposed to build a tank destroyer by refitting existing S 35 chassis with a superstructure for the British 76.2 mm 17-pounder gun.

</doc>
<doc id="2838343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838343" title="Calculus on Manifolds (book)">
Calculus on Manifolds (book)

Michael Spivak's Calculus on Manifolds: A Modern Approach to Classical Theorems of Advanced Calculus (1965, ISBN 0-8053-9021-9) is a short text treating analysis in several variables in Euclidean spaces and on differentiable manifolds. The textbook is used in the honors Analysis II courses at MIT, University of Chicago, and University of Toronto, and the Vector Calculus course at Auburn University, and the honors Calculus course at Autonomous University of Yucatan. The book develops the classical theorems of advanced calculus, those of Green, Gauss, and Stokes, in the language of differential forms and in the context of differentiable manifolds embedded in Euclidean space. "Calculus on Manifolds" aims to present the topics of vector analysis in the manner that they are seen by a working mathematician, yet simply and selectively enough to be understood by strong undergraduate students.
Another textbook often used in undergraduate courses to supplement Spivak's book is the text "Analysis on Manifolds" (1997, ISBN 978-0-201-31596-7) by James Munkres.
The cover of "Calculus on Manifolds" features a copy of the original publication of Stokes' theorem as it was written in a letter by Lord Kelvin to Sir George Stokes.

</doc>
<doc id="2838346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838346" title="Wolf Lemke">
Wolf Lemke

Wolf Lemke is a designer of gliders who worked for Rolladen Schneider and after it was taken over in 2003, for DG Flugzeugbau GmbH.
He was one of the student members of the Akaflieg Darmstadt who designed the revolutionary D-36 "Circe". This team also included Heiko Fries, Klaus Holighaus and Gerhard Waibel.
After leaving the Akaflieg, he built a second D36 in his cellar. He almost killed himself in it when he took a winch launch with a disconnected elevator but he parachuted to safety. He was soon designing new gliders.
His most significant design was the LS 1 which he first flew in May 1967. It was built by Walter Schneider, at first under the name Segelflugzeugbau Schneider OHG, but later as Rolladen Schneider Flugzeugbau GmbH.
Two LS 1 prototypes flew in the German Championships in 1968: Helmut Reichmann and Walter Schneider placed first and second out of 44 competitors in the Standard Class.
All gliders designed by Wolf Lemke to date have the designation LS (Lemke and Schneider), including the LS-11 built by the Akaflieg Köln.

</doc>
<doc id="2838353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838353" title="Jack Martin">
Jack Martin

Jack Martin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2838357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838357" title="Casino chip collecting">
Casino chip collecting

Casino chip collecting is the practice of intentionally taking casino chips (also called "checks") from Casino premises or trading or collecting online, or in person, for the purpose of collection. Casino chip collecting is a variety of exonumia, or coin collecting. Before it became a more serious hobby, casino chip collecting was simply a case of people keeping them as souvenirs from a casino they may visit. The biggest boost to the hobby came with the creation of the online auction site eBay. eBay has now become the most popular way to collect and trade casino chips with listings in the casino category regularly including more than 20,000 items for sale.
Casino chip collecting became increasingly popular during the 1980s, as evidenced by the sale of chips through several casino and collecting newsletters. Bill Borland's "Worldwide Casino Exchange" (early 1980s) had a casino story each issue and dozens of old chips for sale. Likewise, Al W Moe's "Casino and Gaming Chips" magazine ran for several years in the mid-1980s and attracted hundreds of subscribers. Each issue featured stories and pictures from old Nevada casinos and included photos of old, collectible chips.
Black established the Casino Chip & Gaming Tokens Collectors Club (CC&GTCC) in 1988 in response to the continuing evolution and popularity of chip collecting. Membership in the club includes an annual subscription to the club's magazine, "Casino Collectible News", now in its 26th year. The magazine has won six First Place Awards from the American Numismatic Association for Outstanding Specialty Numismatic Publication.
The club held its first annual convention at the Aladdin Hotel and Casino in 1992. The convention still runs to this day.
As the number of collectors grew, the creation of an official grading system was viewed as being a useful tool in part of the process to help determine the collectible value of the chips, as opposed to the face value they can also represent. In 2003, members of the CC&GTCC's Standards and Archives Committee agreed on a grading system that would be used worldwide. There are many published price guides, but two in particular are more widely used by casino chip collectors. "The Official U.S. Casino Chip Price Guide", now in its 4th edition covers chips from casinos in Nevada, Atlantic City, New Jersey, Colorado, Deadwood, SD and the several Midwest States that permit Riverboat casinos. "The Chip Rack", now in its 12th edition, attempts to include all chips and checks issued by casinos in the State of Nevada. Some chips are considered high-value and have a listed value as high as $50,000. The largest recorded sale for a casino chip to date is $39,000. Below is the system that is currently used to grade them:
As well as the system for grading chips, there is also a system for identifying chips shown below:
There are many different ways to collect casino chips. Because of the amount of chips available and the increasing price of some, collectors have begun to specialize. A collector might choose to collect every chip from a certain casino or one from every Las Vegas casino. Collecting by denomination is also very popular, such as only $1 or $5 chips. The first rule of proper care and storage is to keep them away from sunlight and fluorescent light. The best way to store a collection is to keep them in a folder. As opposed to a coin collection, cleaning the chips will not decrease their value but is still not recommended unless really necessary. Chips have inlays and hot stamps on them which can get unreadable over the time if they are not maintained properly. The hot stamps and the inlays of the chips are what determine their value so it is very critical to ensure that these are not severely damaged while handling them. Collectors especially should be careful and maintain their rare chips effectively to keep their value intact.

</doc>
<doc id="2838368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838368" title="Mono language (California)">
Mono language (California)

Mono is a Native American language of the Numic group of Uto-Aztecan languages, the ancestral language of the Mono people. Mono consists of two dialects, "Eastern" and "Western". The name "Monachi" is commonly used in reference to Western Mono and "Owens Valley Paiute" in reference to Eastern Mono. In 1925, Alfred Kroeber estimated that Mono had 3,000 to 4,000 speakers. Today, only about 40 elderly people speak Mono as their first language. It is classfied as critically endangered by Unesco. It is spoken in the southern Sierra Nevada mountains, the Mono Basin, and the Owens Valley of central-eastern California. Mono is most closely related to Northern Paiute; these two are classified as the Western group of the Numic branch of the Uto-Aztecan language family.
Western Mono.
The number of Native speakers in 1994 ranged from 37 to 41. The majority of speakers are from the Northfork Rancheria and Auberry, California. The Big Sandy Rancheria and Dunlap, California have from 12 to 14 speakers. The Northfork Mono are developing a dictionary, and both they and the Big Sandy Rancheria provide language classes. While not all are completely fluent, about 100 members of Northfork have "some command of the language." In the late 1950s, Lamb compiled a dictionary and grammar of Northfork Mono. The Western Mono language has a number of Spanish loanwords dating to the period of Spanish colonization of the Californias, as well as loanwords from Yokuts and Miwok
Owens Valley Paiute.
In the mid-1990s, an estimated 50 people spoke the Owens Valley Paiute language. Informal language classes exist and singers keep native language songs alive. Linguist Sydney Lamb studied this language in the 1950s and proposed the name Paviotso for this language, but that was not widely adopted.
Phonemes.
Below is given the phoneme inventory of Northfork Western Mono as presented by Lamb (1958)
Suprasegmental.
Lamb (1958) also described four suprasegmental features that he ascribed phonemic status.
Morphology.
Mono is an agglutinative language, in which words use suffix complexes for a variety of purposes with several morphemes strung together.

</doc>
<doc id="2838369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838369" title="Changi Sailing Club">
Changi Sailing Club

Changi Sailing Club (Abbreviation: CSC; Chinese: 樟宜帆船俱乐部) is a sailing club located in Changi, in the North-East of Singapore. It regularly organises and holds competitions for both dinghies as well as keelboats. Started in 1936, the club has had a rich history and is known for having produced notable sailors such as Benedict Tan, Siew Shaw Her, and more recently, Teo Wee Chin.
The Club houses a bar where patrons can enjoy the seaview. The bar offers drinks and finger food.

</doc>
<doc id="2838370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838370" title="Propertarianism">
Propertarianism

Propertarianism is an ethical discipline within libertarian philosophy that advocates contractual relationships as replacements for monopolistic bureaucracies organized as states. 
History.
It appears that the term was coined (in its most recent sense, at least) by Edward Cain, in 1963:
Hans Morgenthau used propertarianism to characterize the connection between property and suffrage. 
Historian Marcus Cunliffe defined "propertarianism" in his 1973 lectures as "characteristic values of American history" in regard to property. 
Markus Verhaegh states Rothbardian libertarian anarchism or anarcho-capitalism advocate that property only may originate by being the product of labor, and may then only legitimately change hands by trade or gift. They term this as "neo-Lockean".(2006) 
David Boaz writes that the "propertarian approach to privacy," both morally and legally, has ensured Americans' privacy rights. (2002)
L. Neil Smith describes propertarianism as a positive libertarian philosophy in his novels "The Probability Broach" (1980) and "The American Zone" (2002).
Brian Doherty describes Murray Rothbard's form of libertarianism as "propertarian" because he "reduced all human rights to rights of property, beginning with the natural right of self-ownership."
Anarcho-Propertarianism.
"Propertarianism is the belief that all potential human conflict is resolved by the proper application of private property rights, also called the law of non-aggression . All propertarians are thus anarchists but not all anarchists are propertarians. Propertarianism is the highest form of anarchist society, a society where no private property violations, like taxation, are legal. 
Propertarians reject any effort by anyone to pre-determine what can be property. Anything peacefully homesteaded, produced or acquired via voluntary contract is justly acquired property, whether land, water, air, writings, musical performances, software, digital tokens-currencies, odors, recipes, etc. Once justly acquired, the owner has exclusive control over use and disposal. Any interference with this control is criminal. The owner can give their property away, they can destroy it, they can contract for a restricted exchange with terms of use or they can sell it outright. 
Propertarians reject any alleged substitute for freedom, like digital or paper unbacked fiduciary media, since they cannot survive in a free market but are distortions caused by government. Propertarians instead demand an end to all legal tender and controls on currency-money. Indeed the same is true of eliminating the state in totality. Propertarians do not believe in working within the system, meaning propertarians do not believe in voting or working for the state as a state-licensed attorney, as police, as a politician, etc. Propertarians wash their hands of legalized crime entirely. 
Propertarians recognize the self-ownership of all sentient beings of any age and believe parents create a pure private trust with a voluntary sexual exchange-contract. They are trustees, not owners. The baby is a self-owner in the process of homesteading. Violence against their homesteading is a violation of the LONA. In cases of rape, the baby's inadvertent trespass cannot warrant a death penalty. Defensive coercion must be proportional, per the LONA. The baby can be removed only when safe for the baby. All costs and damages are the fault of the rapist and restitution must be sought there and-or through private aggression-coercion-fraud insurance. If the mother's health or life is at risk and safe removal impossible, it is legitimate self-defense to terminate the baby but obviously technology will develop to make safe removal achievable ever earlier.
Finally, propertarians recognize the absolute right of individual self-defense, against any criminal, and therefore recognize any violence against the criminals who call themselves the state as being defensive and thus justified, since those criminals are in unceasing violation of the LONA. Of course, the right to use defensive violence in no way implies a duty to resort to it nor implies it is wise." ~Chris LeRoux
Non or anti-propertarianism.
Ursula K. Le Guin, in the science fiction novel "The Dispossessed" (1974), contrasted a propertarian society with one that does not recognize property rights. She used the term in a negative sense because she believed property objectified human beings. She has been described as an anarcho-communist.
Non-propertarians like Murray Bookchin also have been called anti-propertarians. Bookchin described three concepts of possession: property itself, possession, and usufruct, appropriation of resources by virtue of use.

</doc>
<doc id="2838378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838378" title="Pat Mayer">
Pat Mayer

Pat Mayer (born July 24, 1961 in Royal Oak, Michigan) is a former professional ice hockey player.
Career.
Defenceman Pat Mayer played one game for the Pittsburgh Penguins in 1987–88. He played an abrasive physical game and doled out many a punishing hit in college and the minors.
Born in Royal Oak, Michigan, Mayer spent three years at the United States International University in San Diego, California Undrafted by an NHL club, he agreed to turn pro with the IHL's Toledo Goaldiggers in 1985–86. Before the end of the season he was traded to the Muskegon Lumberjacks where he remained another year.
The burly rearguard signed with Pittsburgh in July, 1987 and made into one NHL game. He returned to the IHL for the balance of the schedule and led the league with 450 penalty minutes. Mayer retired in 1989 after playing most of the year in Muskegon. A late season trade to the Los Angeles Kings resulted in him spending the last month of his pro career with the AHL's New Haven Nighthawks.

</doc>
<doc id="2838379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838379" title="Champion Beer of Britain">
Champion Beer of Britain

The Champion Beer of Britain (also known as CBOB) is an award presented by the Campaign for Real Ale (CAMRA), at their annual Great British Beer Festival in early August. Beers can qualify in three ways:
Nominated beers are then grouped into categories and go through several rounds of blind tasting at the Great British Beer Festival. Category winners are then re-judged to determine the supreme champion - the Champion Beer Of Britain.
Categories.
Beers are split into categories depending on their style or strength
Name changes.
The Old Ales & Barley Wines category has been renamed over the years. The award was first presented in 1991. In 1992 the category was split into two - Old Ales and Barley Wines. The new Old Ales category was renamed in 1993 to Old Ales & Strong Milds, changed again to Old Ales & Strong Ales in 1994, finally reverting to Old Ales & Strong Milds in 1996.
The Strong Ale category was changed in 1991 to Strong Bitter, with the Strong Milds joining the Old Ales category.
Winter ales.
Since 1996 the Old Ales & Strong Milds, Barley Wines and Porters & Stouts have been judged as part of the Champion Winter Beer Of Britain awards at the National Winter Ales Festival.
Current holders.
The 2012 overall winners were
The 2011 overall winners were
The 2010 overall winners were
Previous holders.
From 1990 onwards Gold, Silver and Bronze awards were made instead of just having an overall winner.
2009 Awards.
Winter Beer of Britain.
winner (announced in January 2009)

</doc>
<doc id="2838384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838384" title="Jim McBurney">
Jim McBurney

James McBurney (born June 3, 1933) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey left winger who played in one National Hockey League game for the Chicago Black Hawks during the 1952–53 NHL season.

</doc>
<doc id="2838387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838387" title="John McCahill">
John McCahill

John Walter McCahill (born December 2, 1955) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who played in one National Hockey League game for the Colorado Rockies during the 1977–78 NHL season.

</doc>
<doc id="2838388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838388" title="Skyguard">
Skyguard

Skyguard may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2838390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838390" title="Rai dynasty">
Rai dynasty

Rai (c. AD 489–690) was a dynasty of Sindh, in modern Pakistan. The influence of the Rai Empire extended from Kashmir in the east, Makran and Debal port (modern Karachi) in the west, Surat port in Gujarat the south, and the Kandahar, Sistan, Suleyman, Ferdan and Kikanan hills in the north. It ruled an area of over .
The Emperors of this dynasty were great patrons of Hinduism. They established a formidable temple of Shiva in present-day Sukkur, Pakistan, close to their capital in Al-ror. This is consistent with the historical accounts from the times of Emperor Ashoka and Harsha because Indian monarchs never sponsored a state religion and usually patronized more than one faith.The Dynasty ruled for a period of 202 years.
Rule of Rai Sahasi II.
King Rai Meharsan II was killed by arrow during a war with Nimruz of Fars. Following this Rai Sahasi II became ruler of the Rai Dynasty. Rai Sahasi appointed four Governors (Maliks) to protect the interests of his kingdom and people, to facilitate repairs to state buildings, and to manage feudal assignees and estate-holders. His kingdom and subjects, which he ran with firm control, showed no opposition or challenge to his measures or defined boundaries.
Rai Sáhasi's chamberlain (wazir) Rám, a Brahman, was considered widely-knowledgeable. Rám's assistant was fellow-Brahman Chach, son of Selaij; Chach had impressed Rám with his talents. Chach later became Sahasi Rai's assistant secretary, and following Rai Sáhasi's death, he was appointed Sahasi Rai's chamberlain and secretary.
End of the Rai Dynasty.
After the Muslim Arabs defeated the Sassanid Persia (641 CE), they prepared for the Islamic conquest of the Indian Subcontinent, an area where Hinduism and Buddhism flourished. In 644, following the Muslim conquest of Persia, the Rashidun Army entered Makran and defeated the army of Raja Rasil in a decisive Battle of Rasil, and annexed Makran and eastern Balochistan. Caliph Umar (634-644), disapproved of any incursion beyond the Indus river and ordered his commander to consolidate their position west of Indus. During the reign of Caliph Uthman ibn Affan (644-656), Muslims captured Qanzabil in northern Sindh, which held a major military garrison of the Rai Dynasty, which from that point served as the eastern-most garrison town for the Rashidun Army. In 662, during the Ummayad Caliphate, Qanzabil was retaken by the Rai kingdom.
The Rai Emperors fought numerous battles with Muslims, resisting the north-west Subcontinent invasion. The numerous wars drained the Rai economy and the Empire disappeared. Dr. R. S. Sharma suggests, in Shahnameh, that the dynasty retreated to the Himalayan mountains with Hepthalite allies during the Islamic conquest, and that Rai history from that point was lost to Indian literature.
According to Chachnama, the last Rai emperor Rai Sahasi II died through illness without any issue. By that time Chach was in complete control of the affairs of the kingdom. Rai Sahasi's wife, Suhanadi, was attracted to Chach and asked for his sexual favors, initially resisted by Chach. However, when Rai Sahasi II was near to death, Suhanadi explained to Chach that the kingdom would pass to other relatives of the dying king in absence of any direct heir to the kingdom. Consequently, they kept secret the news of the king's death until claimants to the throne were killed through conspiracy. Following this, Chach declared himself ruler and later married Suhandi. This ended the Rai Dynasty and began the dynasty of Chach. Six months after death of Rai Sahasi his brother, Rana Maharath of Chittor, challenged Chach in combat, claiming to be rightful ruler of the Rai Dynasty. Chachnama states that Maharath was killed as the two engaged in a duel, in which it was forbidden to mount a horse or any other animal. During the duel Chach mounted a horse in order to kill his rival.
Chronology of Rai rulers of Sindh.
Wink reports on the possibility of the corruption of the Sanskrit names and renders them as related in parenthesis in the following chronology of the Rai rulers of Sindh:
Sources.
B. D. Mirchandani writes, ""Our knowledge of the Rai dynasty, which is not a great deal, is derived entirely from three Muslim chronicles of Sind."" The history of the Rai and Brahman dynasties is almost entirely dependent on the Muslim chronicles, especially the "Chachanama" and "Shahnama".
The history of the Rai dynasty is entirely based upon Muslim chronicles such as the Chach Nama and the Shahnameh, thereby dating them to about the 5th century.
They rise to power in the time period of shifting political scene with the wane of the Sassanid influence in the wake of the Hepthalite (White Hun/Huna) invasions, and with the rulers issuing silver coins bearing their likeness by the 7th century.
The Chachnama describes the extant of Rai Sahiras' domain:
The limits of his dominions extended on the east to the boundary of Kashmir, on the west to Makran, on the south to the coast of the sea and Debal, and on the north to the mountains of Kurdan and Kíkánán. He had appointed four Governors (Maliks) in his kingdom: one at Brahminabad; and the fort of Nerun and Debal, Luhánah, Lákhah. Sammah and the river were left under his management. Another at the town of Siwis-tán; and Ladhia, Chingán, the skirts of the hills of Rojhán up to the boundary of Makrán, were given into his charge. The third at the fort of Iskandah; and Báhíah, Stwárah, Jajhór, and the supplementary territories of Dhanód were given in his possession; and the fourth at the town of Multan; and the towns of Sikkah, Karnd, Ishthar and Kíh up to the boundary of Kashmir were en¬trusted to him. The king himself had his head-quarters in the city of Aror, retaining Kurdán, Kíkánán, and Bar-hamas directly under his sway.

</doc>
<doc id="2838394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838394" title="Darwin McCutcheon">
Darwin McCutcheon

Darwin McCutcheon (born April 19, 1962) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who played in one National Hockey League game for the Toronto Maple Leafs during the 1981–82 NHL season.

</doc>
<doc id="2838397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838397" title="KSLV">
KSLV

KSLV may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2838400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838400" title="Jeff McDill">
Jeff McDill

Jeffrey Donald McDill (March 16, 1956 – November 3, 2012) was a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger who played in one National Hockey League game for the Chicago Black Hawks during the 1976–77 NHL season. He died aged 56 in November 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="2838402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838402" title="Tropical Storm Tammy (2005)">
Tropical Storm Tammy (2005)

Tropical Storm Tammy was a short lived tropical storm during October in the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season which caused minor damage to the southeastern United States. More significant, however were its remnants which contributed to the Northeast U.S. flooding of October 2005.
Tropical Storm Tammy formed from a non-tropical system off the Florida coast on October 5. It moved north just offshore before making landfall later that day. The tropical storm rapidly weakened as it moved overland and dissipated the next day. Its remnant circulation moved south towards the Gulf of Mexico, while the moisture was absorbed by a northeasterly moving cold front. There were no fatalities directly related to Tammy; however, ten people were killed by the remnants of the storm in combination with the remnants of Subtropical Depression Twenty-Two. Total damages from the storm were $30 million.
Meteorological history.
A tropical wave left the western coast of Africa on September 24 and crossed the Atlantic without any development. The wave began to develop on October 2 north of the Lesser Antilles when it encountered an upper level trough. It strengthened as it passed through the Bahamas and early on October 5 a vigorous tropical disturbance formed. As the system already had tropical-storm force winds, it was immediately named Tropical Storm Tammy. Upon being classified, the system was poorly organized, with deep convection only persisting to the northeast of the center of circulation. Tropical storm-force winds were presumed to be located underneath the convection as ship reports nearby the system only reported winds up to 35 mph (55 km/h). Tammy quickly tracked towards the northwest in a southerly flow between a mid to upper-level low over the Gulf of Mexico and a ridge located over the western Atlantic Ocean. Later that day, a reconnaissance flight into the storm recorded flight level winds of 61 mph (98 km/h), which corresponds to surface winds of 50 mph (85 km/h). However, small areas of 60 mph (95 km/h) to 65 mph (100 km/h) were reported by the crew members of the aircraft. At 6:30 pm EST (2300 UTC), the storm made landfall with winds of 50 mph (85 km/h) near Atlantic Beach, Florida. The tropical storm then moved inland over Georgia and into southeastern Alabama near Ozark, where it lost its circulation on October 6.
The remnant low drifted south towards the Gulf of Mexico before being absorbed by a cold front (which also picked remnants of Subtropical Depression Twenty-two), and moving northeast. This cold front, of which Tammy's remnants were a part, affected much of the Northeastern United States over the next few days.
Preparations.
Tropical Storm Tammy surprised forecasters when it formed on October 5. Because they had not expected the disturbance to develop, warnings were not issued until about 12 hours before the storm made landfall. Despite the short warning, tourists and business travelers cancelled flights as the storm neared landfall. Upon the storm developing, a tropical storm warning was immediately issued for the coast from Cocoa Beach, Florida to the Santee River, South Carolina.
The U.S. Department of Homeland Security's U.S. Coast Guard, 7th District issued an advisory to mariners, warning them to prepare for the storm and avoid the ocean if possible. In Georgia, the National Park Service evacuated the residents of Cumberland Island and closed the ferry which services it. The Glynn County Emergency Operations Agency monitored and prepared for Tropical Storm Tammy's landfall, however the poor warning hampered their efforts. Residents all over the state expressed frustration at the lack of time they had to prepare. When Tammy moved inland 12 hours later the southern end of the warning zone moved north to Altamaha Sound, Georgia before all warnings were discontinued on October 6.
Impact.
Tropical Storm Tammy caused minor damage. Its highest sustained winds were and its strongest recorded wind gust was . The winds produced no significant damage, but did disrupt power to 16,500  utility customers and delayed the Trysail College Regatta. Lightning produced by a thunderstorm in Broward County, Florida struck three teenagers during a football game in Coconut Creek, killing one and injuring the other two.
To most areas in north Florida and southern Georgia, Tammy brought of rain, though some isolated areas received . In Georgia, flooding damaged over 30 homes in Brunswick. Several dirt and coastal roads were washed out, and sewers overflowed as far north as Baltimore County, Maryland. Two small pond dams burst, including a 173-year-old wooden dam, but new stone dams were constructed in place before the old ones failed. Conversely, Tammy's rains were beneficial in South Carolina, where they helped alleviate dry conditions after a rainless September.
Tammy's storm surge was approximately and caused salt-water flooding along the coast of northeastern Florida, Georgia, and South Carolina. The surge damages boardwalks along the coast, and wave action causes over 2 feet (0.6 m) of beach erosion. In addition to the flooding, Tropical Storm Tammy spawned one tornado. Rated an F0 tornado, it touched down near Brunswick, Georgia were it snapped trees and caused moderate roof damage along its 2 mi (3.2 km) path. The storm's total damage was estimated at around $30 million (2005 USD). The outer bands of Tammy brought heavy rains, peaking around 7 in (180 mm) in places, and caused significant beach erosion. Winds along the coastline gusted up to 59 mph (95 km/h), downing numerous trees. The worst damage occurred in Beaufort County where 30 trees were downed, one of which fell on a home. Rough seas undermined several beach homes and caused one to be condemned.
Aftermath, naming and records.
A Red Cross shelter at Seldon Park, Brunswick, Georgia, opened for two days following the storm to temporarily house those whose houses were flooded. Tammy's remnant low was absorbed a larger extratropical low which tracked north and contributed to the Northeast U.S. flooding of October 2005, which killed ten people and caused significant damage. As a result of the flooding, the Federal Emergency Management Agency paid $44 million in losses.
Shrimpers in the Carolinas blamed high fuel prices and the disruption of Tropical Storm Tammy for some of the troubles facing the shrimping industry in 2005. Rising fuel prices and dwindling demand has already created tough conditions that year, but the disruption of several days' fishing due to Tammy escalated the situation.
When Tropical Storm Tammy formed on October 5, it was the earliest ever in the season that the twentieth storm formed, beating the previous record held by Storm 20 of the 1933 season by 21 days.

</doc>
<doc id="2838403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838403" title="Waffle (speech)">
Waffle (speech)

The term waffle, particularly outside the U.S., denotes language without meaning; blathering, babbling, droning. One might waffle throughout an essay or a presentation, when not having enough material, or needing to fill in time. Etymologists say the term was derived from "waff", a 17th-century onomatopoeia for the sound a barking dog makes, similar to the modern "woof". Although the relationship between a dog's bark and indecisiveness is unclear, the inference is that waffle words have about as much meaning as the noise made by a dog barking.
Waffling can also be used as a derogatory term; to describe, for instance, a candidate or politician who is considered to easily switch sides on issues to curry political favor (i.e. "flip-flop"), as an easily flipped breakfast food with the same name. A waffle was famously used to represent President Bill Clinton in the "Doonesbury" comic strip.
The term "to waffle" denotes indecision about particular subjects; "waffling" can also mean changing one's mind frequently on a topic. "Example: "Craig always waffles when he's speaking to Genevieve on the telephone". To which Genevieve usually replies "Come on Craig, come out with it!"."
A person can begin to waffle after they have experienced a long-term speech impediment such as stuttering; when the speaker has overcome their speech impediment, the fact that they are unaccustomed to being able to speak freely may cause them to waffle.
Waffling is also a method of hazing a poorly performing team in the game of hockey. This occurs when fans of the losing team throw waffles onto the ice (usually not purchasable within the stadium), implying the team has 'waffled' through the game with little effort or offensive strategies. The Toronto Maple Leafs are noted as the team which started this bizarre cultural phenomenon.

</doc>
<doc id="2838405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838405" title="Estanislao López">
Estanislao López

Estanislao López (26 November 1786 – 15 June 1838) was a governor and "caudillo" of the , between 1818 and 1838, a hero of provincial federalism and an ally of Juan Manuel de Rosas during the Argentine Civil War.
Biography.
López was born in Santa Fe. An illegitimate child, he was baptized with his mother's last name at the request of his father, Juan Manuel Roldán. Roldán sent the youth away to fight against Malón raids in the Gran Chaco region at age 15. He fought in the retake of Buenos Aires from the British invasion of 1806, and in the Argentine War of Independence under the command of Manuel Belgrano (creator of the Argentine flag); during this latter conflict, López was held prisoner in Montevideo in 1810.
In 1816 he led his men in an uprising against Buenos Aires, where the Buenos Aires army under General Juan José Viamonte was forced to surrender. Along with José Gervasio Artigas (leader of the Banda Oriental, now Uruguay), he became a hero of this campaign. After this, in 1818, López assumed the government of Santa Fe, deposing governor Mariano Vera, separating the province from Buenos Aires control, and ruling by popular consensus for 20 years. He was formally elected governor in 1 July 1818 and then indefinitely reelected.
López rejected a draft for a provincial constitution for Santa Fe (which accepted a centralized government from Buenos Aires), and wrote another one, where he incorporated the idea of popular election of the governor by direct vote, which was approved on 26 August 1819. He married the former María Josefa del Pilar on 17 December, and they had seven children. 
López allied with Artigas and then with Francisco Ramírez, "caudillo" of Entre Ríos, amassing large armies against Buenos Aires, at the time ruled by Supreme Director Juan Martín de Pueyrredón. General José de San Martín, Liberator and hero of the Independence Wars, wrote separate letters to López and Artigas urging them to cease hostilities and join the national cause. San Martín also refused Pueyrredón's request to divert troops from the independentist conflict toward the defense of the national government.
After Pueyrredón's forced resignation, López went to war again, together with Ramírez, former Supreme Director Carlos María de Alvear and José Miguel Carrera (former president of Chile). The three allies defeated the forces of Buenos Aires led by José Rondeau in the Battle of Cepeda on 1 February 1820, which marked the end of the Supreme Directorship and the victory of provincial federalism. Peace was ratified by the Governor Manuel de Sarratea of Buenos Aires, as well as López and Ramírez, through the Treaty of Pilar (23 February 1820).
In 1821 an incident broke his alliance with Francisco Ramírez, who was killed near Coronda by a group of López's soldiers when he was crossing Santa Fe's territory to attack Córdoba. López exhibited Ramírez's head publicly in the Cabildo of Santa Fe. He thus became the indisputed leader of the littoral provinces, and on 7 April 1822 he signed the Quadrilateral Treaty with Entre Ríos, Corrientes and Buenos Aires, calling for national unity and convening on the call to a Constitutional Assembly in Santa Fe.
López protected Juan Manuel de Rosas when he had to flee after the defeat of Manuel Dorrego's army by Juan Lavalle in Navarro. He then joined forces with Rosas to defeat Lavalle in Puente de Márquez on 26 April 1829. After Rosas made peace with Lavalle without López's consent, the relationship between the allies was strained.
In 1831, with Rosas being the governor of Buenos Aires and the "littoral" provinces threatened by the "centralist" Unitarian League, led by José María Paz, the Federal Pact was subscribed on January 4 by the four provinces, forging a military alliance and establishing the basis of a federal organization of the country. After Paz was captured, the civil war ended for a time, and Rosas was free to rule on the national level.
López ruled Santa Fe until his death on 15 June 1838. He was succeeded by Domingo Cullen.
The Estadio Brigadier General Estanislao López and the Brigadier Estanislao López Highway are named after him.
Sources.
"In Spanish unless otherwise noted."

</doc>
<doc id="2838408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838408" title="Birmingham Temple">
Birmingham Temple

The Birmingham Temple was the first Humanistic Jewish congregation. It was founded in 1963 by Rabbi Sherwin Wine (formerly an assistant rabbi at Temple Beth El) and eight founding families, who originally intended that the congregation would be located in Birmingham, Michigan (a suburb of Detroit). The temple originally followed many Reform practices but within six months decided to drop most of these (as well as all mentions of God in the services), and began to pursue a humanist philosophy. 
The congregation's first services were at Eagle Elementary School, and then at Highmeadow School, in Farmington; later services moved to the Masonic Temple, Birmingham Unitarian Church, and from 1965 to 1971 at Frost Middle School in Livonia. Finally, in 1971, the temple moved to its current location on Twelve Mile Road in Farmington Hills. The temple began publishing the journal "Humanistic Judaism" in 1967. In the words of one writer, the temple has "sought to define a primarily secular Jewish identity" and has "steered a clearly liberal political and humanistic moral course."
Tamara Kolton became the senior rabbi of the Birmingham Temple in 2003. In 2007, Sherwin Wine died in an automobile accident. In 2013 Jeffrey Falick became the new rabbi of the Birmingham Temple. 
As being part of the Humanistic Judaism movement, the Birmingham Temple observes holidays, traditions and rituals focused on the humanistic and cultural aspects of Judaism, rather than the religious aspects. For example: for Bar/Bat Mitzvah, the Jewish boy or girl picks a hero in Judaism that he or she connects with and writes a thesis, which is ultimately given to the congregation. The person works with a mentor, a senior member at the temple, in studying many different heroes before finally choosing one to write the paper on. The paper highlights important contributions the individual makes/made in his or her life to humanity, and why and how the hero was humanistic. 

</doc>
<doc id="2838414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838414" title="Ericsson Mobile Platforms">
Ericsson Mobile Platforms

Ericsson Mobile Platforms (EMP) was the name of a company within the Ericsson group that supplied "mobile platforms", i.e. the technological basis on which a cellular phone product can be built. The main office was in Lund, Sweden.
EMP was one of the leading suppliers of 3G technology to various brands of phones. EMP did not manufacture chips themselves, but partnered with manufacturers that made them based on their reference design and Intellectual Property Rights. These chips were then only sold to EMP customers. According to the company, EMP held the world’s largest 2G, 2.5G and 3G IPR portfolio, with more than 20,000 granted patents worldwide.
History.
Due to the European telecom crisis in the beginning of the 2000s, Ericsson Mobile Communications became unprofitable, and was split in two parts: one part was merged with the mobile division of Sony and formed SonyEricsson, aimed at developing mobile terminals for the consumer market.
At the same time, the other part of Ericsson Mobile Communications formed Ericsson Mobile Platforms. Some of their customers were Flextronics, HTC, LG Electronics, NEC, Sagem, Sharp, Amoi and of course SonyEricsson. The main focus of the company was around the development of a mobile platform for the third generation of mobile telephony, UMTS.
At the end of 2004 Ericsson Technology Licensing was de-established, and select parts of that company was folded into Ericsson Mobile Platforms.
October 3, 2008 the company showcased a handheld prototype for LTE (fourth generation mobile telephony). At this time, the company stated that they estimated to have the technology available for the market around the year 2011.
The company existed for 8 years, but February 12, 2009 Ericsson announced that "Ericsson Mobile Platforms" would be merged with the mobile platform company of STMicroelectronics, "ST-NXP Wireless", to create a 50/50 joint venture owned by Ericsson and STMicroelectronics called ST-Ericsson. This joint venture collapsed in 2013 and remaining activities can be found in Ericsson Modems and STMicroelectronics. Ericsson Mobile Platform disappeared as a legal entity early 2009.
Platforms.
The company took over the internal platforms that had been developed in Ericsson Mobile Communications under names such as "Sandra", "Jane" etc., and developed a series of platforms tied to certain specific radio standards:
The third generation (3G).
In 2001, Ericsson Mobile Platforms became one of the first companies to license 3G technology platforms to mobile phone manufacturers. EMP was the first platform provider to have commercially launched handsets containing their WCDMA, EDGE and GPRS technologies.
By 2006, manufacturers such as Sony Ericsson Mobile Communications, Amoi, Sagem, Sharp, LG, Samsung, and NEC, had signed licence agreements with EMP.
For 2006 Ericsson Mobile Platforms started deliveries of the U350 and U360 platforms, which was the smallest HSDPA/EDGE platforms yet. U350 is a quad-band EDGE and single-band HSDPA platform, whereas the U360 adds triple-band HSDPA capabilities.

</doc>
<doc id="2838416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838416" title="Run-on sentence">
Run-on sentence

A run-on is a sentence in which two or more independent clauses (i.e., complete sentences) are joined without appropriate punctuation or conjunction. This is generally considered a stylistic error, though it is occasionally used in literature and may be used as a rhetorical device. An example of a run-on is a comma splice, in which two independent clauses are joined with a comma without an accompanying coordinating conjunction. Some prescriptivists exclude comma splices from the definition of a run-on sentence, but this does not imply that they consider comma splices to be acceptable.
The mere fact that a sentence is long does not make it a run-on sentence; sentences are run-ons only when they contain more than one independent clause. A run-on sentence can be as short as four words—for instance: "I drive she walks." In this case there are two independent clauses: two subjects paired with two intransitive verbs. So as long as clauses are punctuated appropriately, a writer can assemble multiple independent clauses in a single sentence; in fact, a properly constructed sentence can be extended indefinitely.
Literature.
The short story ""Repent, Harlequin!" Said the Ticktockman" is known for its use of improper grammar, one example of which is a paragraph about jelly beans composed almost entirely of run-on sentences.
James Joyce's novel "Ulysses" (1922), particularly the final chapter, "Penelope", comprises streams of consciousness that often take the form of long and unpunctuated run-on sentences.

</doc>
<doc id="2838420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838420" title="Gord McFarlane">
Gord McFarlane

Gordon Lester McFarlane (July 18, 1901 – March 2, 1987) was a professional ice hockey right winger who played two National Hockey League games for the Chicago Black Hawks during the 1926–27 NHL season. He was born in Snow Lake, Manitoba.

</doc>
<doc id="2838429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838429" title="Palatschinke">
Palatschinke

Palatschinke is a thin crêpe-like variety of pancake common in Central and Eastern Europe.
Names of the dish include "Palatschinke" (pl. "Palatschinken") (Austrian), "palačinka"/"палачинка" (Bosnian, Bulgarian, Croatian, Czech, Serbian, Slovene, Macedonian), "palacinka" (Slovak) and "palacsinta" (Hungarian)
Versions.
Central European pancakes are thin pancakes similar to the French crêpe. The main difference between the French and Slavic version of the dish is that the mixture for palatschinken can be used straight away unlike that of crepes which is suggested to be left at rest for several hours. Palatschinken are made by creating a runny dough from eggs, wheat flour, milk, and salt and frying it in a pan with butter or oil. Unlike thicker types of pancakes, palatschinken are usually served with different types of fillings and eaten for lunch or dinner. 
Palatschinken are traditionally rolled with apricot, strawberry, or plum jam, and sprinkled with confectioner's sugar. A variety of fruit sauces (like apple sauce), or thick fruit jams called lekvar (plum, prune, raspberry, cherry or sour cherry jam), lemon juice and sugar, chocolate sauce, hazelnut-chocolate cream (Nutella), almonds, dried or fresh fruits, sweet cottage or quark cheese and raisins, cocoa powder, poppy seed, or any combination thereof, may also be used. "Rakott palacsinta" are layered pancakes with sweet cottage cheese and raisins, jam and walnut layers between the pancakes, baked in the oven, comparable to the French "mille crêpe".
A well known Hungarian version of palatschinke is the Gundel pancake (Gundel palacsinta), made with ground walnuts, raisin, candied orange peel, cinnamon, and rum filling, served flambéed in dark chocolate sauce made with egg yolks, heavy cream, and cocoa.
Palatschinken may also be eaten unsweetened as a main course, such as a meat-filled Hortobágyi palacsinta. They may also be eaten plain, filled with cheeses, or vegetables such as mushroom, spinach or sauerkraut, topped with sour cream, or cut into thin strips, called "Flädle" in Germany′s and Switzerland's Alemannic dialects and "Frittaten" in Austria. "Flädle"/"Frittaten" are used in "Frittaten" soup - pancake strips served in clear broth.
Etymology.
The name of the dish has followed a track of borrowing across several languages of central and south-eastern Europe. The dish originates from the Slavic countries and thus Austrian-German term "Palatschinke" is borrowed from Czech "palačinka", that in turn from Hungarian "palacsinta", and that in turn from Romanian "plăcintă" (a cake, a pie), where it ultimately derives from Latin "placenta" (a flat cake), a word of Greek origin. "Palačinka" is also the name in most Slavic languages (Ukrainian, Slovak - "palacinka", Bosnian, Bulgarian, Czech, Croatian, Macedonian, Serbian, Slovenian- "palačinka", палачинка). In Polish, the equivalent is called a "naleśnik", in Romanian "clătită".

</doc>
<doc id="2838430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838430" title="Berrow">
Berrow

Berrow may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2838432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838432" title="Irv McGibbon">
Irv McGibbon

Irvine John McGibbon (October 11, 1914 — February 1, 1981) was a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger who played in one National Hockey League game for the Montreal Canadiens during the 1942–43 NHL season.

</doc>
<doc id="2838434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838434" title="Into the Depths">
Into the Depths

Into the Depths is the second solo album from Grand Central Records boss and DJ / musician Mark Rae, following his solo debut, "Rae Road" . Rae has also released two studio albums, two DJ mix albums and a remix album with producer Steve Christian (see Rae & Christian).

</doc>
<doc id="2838439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838439" title="Acacia acuminata">
Acacia acuminata

Acacia acuminata, commonly known as the raspberry jam tree, fine leaf jam, "raspberry jam" or jam tree, is a shrub in the family Fabaceae. Endemic to Western Australia, it occurs throughout the south west of the State. It is common in the Wheatbelt, and also extends into the semi-arid interior.
Description.
Raspberry jam grows as a tall shrub or small tree. In ideal conditions it may grow to a height of ten metres, but in most of its distribution it does not grow above five metres. As with most "Acacia" species, it has phyllodes rather than true leaves. These are bright green, around ten centimetres long and about two millimetres wide, and finish in a long point. The lemon yellow flowers are held in tight cylindrical clusters about two centimetres long. The pods are light brown and flattened, about ten centimetres long and five millimetres wide.
Name origin.
The species name "acuminata" comes from the Latin "acuminatus", which means "pointed" or "elongated". This refers to the long point at the end of each leaf. The common name "raspberry jam" refers to the strong odour of freshly cut wood, which resembles raspberry jam.
Growing conditions.
"Acacia acuminata" has high frost tolerance and medium salt tolerance. It requires at least 250mm/year (9.8in./year) average rainfall.
Uses.
The wood is hard and durable, with an attractive, reddish, close grain. It has been used extensively for fence posts, for ornamental articles, and for high-load applications such as sheave blocks. The wood's "air dried" density is 1040 kg/m³. It is also being used as a companion/host tree with sandalwood ("Santalum spicatum") plantations in the Wheatbelt region 
Subspecies.
There are no currently recognised subspecies. The taxon previously called "Acacia acuminata subsp. burkittii (Benth.)" Kodela & Tindale is now considered to be a separate species and is called "Acacia burkitti" (Benth.) 

</doc>
<doc id="2838441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838441" title="Ross McKay">
Ross McKay

Ross Lee McKay (born March 3, 1964) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played in one National Hockey League game for the Hartford Whalers during the 1990–91 NHL season.

</doc>
<doc id="2838442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838442" title="Juan Carlos Stekelman">
Juan Carlos Stekelman

Juan Carlos Stekelman (born March 29, 1936 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is a leading Argentine painter and print maker. 
He started his artistic studies at the Buenos Aires University of Engineering, before transferring to the Manuel Belgrano School of Arts and graduating in 1962[http://www.austindesmond.com/exhibitions/current/juan-carlos-stekelman-new-york-%7C-london/2013/84]. In the mid-1960s he travelled to the USA, where he continued his artistic education and was invited to hold an individual exhibition at the Panamerican Union in Washington. 
Throughout the 1960s he contributed illustrations to satirical magazines such as "Tia Vicente".
In 1968 Stekelman married and moved to England. He continued to paint and held exhibitions in London, Oxford, Leicester, Brighton, and other British cities. 
In 1989 he moved back to his homeland and settled in Buenos Aires. Stekelman has worked in gouache and acrylics, but mainly specialises in lino and wood prints, using simple, bold images in black and white. He continues to paint and teach in Buenos Aires. 
In recent years Stekelman has gained wider international recognition, and in 2002 he won an award in the "Segunda Bienal Argentina de Gráfica Latinoamericana". He is also known for his graphic design work, having designed posters for the Argentine dance troupe Tangokinesis, among others. 
His artwork can be found in the permanent collections of the following museums:

</doc>
<doc id="2838451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838451" title="Steve McKichan">
Steve McKichan

Steve McKichan (born May 29, 1967 in Strathroy, Ontario) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender. He was drafted out of Miami University by the Vancouver Canucks in the 1988 NHL Supplemental Draft. He played one game in the National Hockey League with the Canucks in the 1990–91 season, playing for one period and allowing two goals on eight shots. 
However, McKichan suffered a career-ending neck injury that season while playing with the Milwaukee Admirals of the International Hockey League.
McKichan worked as a goaltending coach with the Toronto Maple Leafs during the 2006–07 season. He currently owns and operates a hockey school in Strathroy.

</doc>
<doc id="2838452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838452" title="Rollocks">
Rollocks

Rollocks may be

</doc>
<doc id="2838453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838453" title="Ben Zyskowicz">
Ben Zyskowicz

Ben Berl Zyskowicz (born 24 May 1954 in Helsinki) is a Finnish politician and member of parliament. Zyskowicz was chairman of the Finnish National Coalition Party's (Finnish: Kansallinen Kokoomus) parliamentary group from 1993 to 2006 and has been a member of parliament for the National Coalition Party since 1979. He was the first person of Jewish ancestry to be elected to the Finnish parliament. Following the parliamentary elections in April 2011, Zyskowicz was elected as the speaker of the parliament, for the duration of negotiations over the governing coalition.
Zyskowicz was born in Helsinki to Jewish parents. His father, Abram, was a Polish Jew who had been in the Sachsenhausen concentration camp and moved as a refugee to Sweden, where he met Ben's mother, Ester, a Finnish Jew. Ben had Polish citizenship until 1959 when he was naturalized as Finnisn citizen. Ben has been married to Rahime Husnetdin-Zyskowicz, a member of the Finnish Tatar community, since 1982 and has two daughters, Daniela (1983) and Dinah (1985). He also abstains from alcohol and is known to be a regular at Café Strindberg – a popular celebrity-spotting location on Pohjoisesplanadi in the Helsinki city centre.
Zyskowicz is renowned for being the Finnish politician with the most difficult name to spell. In 2002, Ilta-Sanomat reported that only 16.6% of Finns knew how to correctly spell his name. In 2011 he was elected as the acting speaker of the Finnish parliament. Despite spelling instructions for his name being sent by text message to elected members of parliament, two voting ballots were disqualified for misspelling his name.

</doc>
<doc id="2838456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838456" title="George McNaughton">
George McNaughton

Georges Pabos McNaughton (April 4, 1897 – February 6, 1991) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player who played 1 season in the National Hockey League for the Quebec Bulldogs. He was born in Gaspé, Quebec.
He is the last surviving former player of the Quebec Bulldogs.

</doc>
<doc id="2838459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838459" title="Sycamore (moth)">
Sycamore (moth)

The sycamore ("Acronicta aceris") is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is distributed through most of Europe, from central England south to Morocco. To the east it is found from the Near East and Middle East to West Asia.
The forewings of this species are pale to dark grey with rather indistinct markings apart from a thin black basal streak. The hindwings are white, sometimes with dark streaks at the margin. The wingspan is 40–45 mm. The adults fly at night from June to August and are attracted to light and sugar.
The extraordinary larva is very distinctive, thickly covered with very long yellow and orange hairs with white spots outlined in black along the back. It feeds on various maples and also on Common Horse-chestnut, Large-leaved Lime, Mulberry and Pedunculate Oak. The species overwinters as a pupa. Contrary to its bright colours, it is not poisonous, but may cause skin irritation if handled excessively.
References.
References: 

</doc>
<doc id="2838466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838466" title="Edward Spencer Beesly">
Edward Spencer Beesly

Edward Spencer Beesly (1831–1915) was an English positivist and historian.
Life.
He was born on 23 January 1831 in Feckenham, Worcestershire, the eldest son of the Rev. James Beesly and his wife, Emily Fitzgerald, of Queen's county, Ireland. After reading Latin and Greek with his father, in the autumn of 1846 he was sent to King William's College on the Isle of Man, an evangelical establishment whose inadequate instruction and low moral tone were later depicted in "Eric, or, Little by Little", by his school friend F. W. Farrar.
In 1849 Beesly entered Wadham College, Oxford, another evangelical stronghold. He held two exhibitions and a Bible clerkship. His flair for quoting scripture yielded to radical rhetoric under the influence of his tutor Richard Congreve, a covert disciple of Auguste Comte's positivism. Along with his Wadham friends Frederic Harrison and John Henry Bridges, Beesly actively engaged in the debates of the Oxford Union and became recognized as a Comtist, though his adhesion to the French philosophy was still tenuous.
Beesly received his BA in 1854 and proceeded MA in 1857. After failing to secure a first class (he obtained seconds in classical moderations and literae humaniores) or a fellowship, he became an assistant master at Marlborough College. His brother Augustus Henry, a historian and classical scholar, also taught at the school. Beesly left for London in 1859 to serve as principal of University Hall, a student residence in Gordon Square serving University College. The next year he was appointed professor of history there and professor of Latin at Bedford College for women, with a combined salary of £300. He also had a private income. His tall, willowy figure became a familiar sight in the Reform Club and London drawing-rooms, including that of George Eliot and George Henry Lewes, whose Fortnightly Review welcomed Beesly's articles.
Beesly joined Congreve and Harrison, both now in London, in supporting the struggle of the workers in the building trades for shorter hours. He also attacked the economic theories used by critics of the ‘new model’ trade unions of the 1860s. The notoriety he gained culminated in 1867, when he declared in the aftermath of the ‘Sheffield outrages’ that a trade union murder was no worse than any other: he almost lost his post at University Hall and Punch dubbed him Dr Beastly. His radical agenda included promoting international solidarity among working-class leaders. He helped organize the most important pro-Union demonstration in England during the American Civil War, and he chaired the historic meeting (28 September 1864) advocating co-operation between English and French workers in support of Polish nationalism, which led to the formation of the International Working Men's Association (the First International), soon dominated by his friend Karl Marx.
Foreign affairs were always a passion of Beesly's. For International Policy, a positivist volume published in 1866, he wrote on British sea power, asserting a connection between Protestantism and commercial immorality. A critic of imperialism, he was a member of the committee founded in 1866 to prosecute Edward Eyre, governor of Jamaica Jamaica committee. Beesly and other positivists incurred hostility for advocating intervention on the side of France in the Franco-Prussian War, and for defending the Paris commune. Their republican views found expression not only in the press but also at the positivist centre in Chapel Street (now Rugby Street) that they opened in 1870 under Congreve's direction. There they introduced sacraments of the Religion of Humanity and published a co-operative translation of Comte's Positive Polity. When Congreve repudiated their Paris co-religionists in 1878, Beesly, Harrison, Bridges, and others formed their own positivist society, with Beesly as president, and opened a rival centre, Newton Hall, in a courtyard off Fleet Street. Beesly headed its political discussion group, which produced occasional papers. Retirement from University College in 1893 (he had left Bedford College in 1889) enabled him to found and edit the Positivist Review.
In 1869 Beesly married Emily, youngest daughter of Sir Charles John Crompton, justice of the queen's bench, and his wife, Caroline. The Beeslys lived in University Hall until 1882, when they moved to Finsbury Park. Mrs Beesly was not a positivist—as were her brothers Albert and Henry Crompton—but she shared some of her husband's political and historical interests. He unsuccessfully stood for parliament as a Liberal at Westminster in November 1885 and at Marylebone in July 1886. Emily Beesly became president of the women's liberal association of Paddington after their move to Warrington Crescent in 1886. Both advocated Irish home rule, he in hard-hitting articles, she in new lyrics for ‘The Wearing of the Green’. In 1878 he published Catiline, Clodius, and Tiberius, and she brought out her Stories from the History of Rome, written for their four sons. She died in 1889, aged forty-nine.
Beesly's later publications included seventy-four biographical entries on military and political figures for the positivists' New Calendar of Great Men, and Queen Elizabeth, both of which appeared in 1892. In 1901 he retired to 21 West Hill, St Leonards, Sussex, where he published translations of Comte and continued to write for the Positivist Review. He died at home on 7 July 1915 and was buried in Paddington cemetery. He left a name still honoured by labour historians.
Friends.
Beesly was not only friendly with Marx, but was well acquainted with his circle. He knew Lafargue, he got to know Engels, and there were mutual acquaintances, such as Eugene Oswald. Among workmen, he was not only the friend of Odger, Applegarth and Lucraft, but was on close terms with such working-class confidants of Marx as Jung and Eccarius, and to a lesser extent with Dupont. In the sixties he was a familiar figure, not only in the offices of the Carpenters and Joiners, the London Trades Council or the Bee-Hive, but was also at home in the “Golden Ball” where the most radical of London's workmen talked with continental revolutionaries over a clay pipe and a pot of beer. Here one could get the flavour of European proletarian politics: that other “World of Labour” in whose ideals Beesly was as deeply interested as he was in those of English trades unionism. Indeed, for many years he expressed his desire for the amalgamation of trade unionism – with its implicit recognition of the priority of social questions—, and proletarian republicanism – with its generous enthusiasm and its larger view.
Letter from Marx.
Auction lot description of Beesly's copy of Das Kapital: This is an excellent association copy, inscribed to Karl Marx’s friend Professor Edward Spencer Beesly (1831–1915), positivist of the Auguste Comte school of thought, historian, and one of the founding editors of the Fortnightly Review.
In 1868, when Marx & Engels were trying to develop international momentum for the economic philosophy contained in this work, they contacted the Fortnightly Review via Beesly to see if it would be interested in publishing a critique of Das Kapital; at the time Marx wrote to Engels: “Prof. Beesly, who is one of the triumvirate which secretly runs this rag, has… declared, he is ‘morally certain’ (it depends on him!) a criticism would be accepted” January 1868.
An eventual review was passed on to the then chief editor John Morley by Beesly, but Morley apparently found the piece unreadable and would not allow publication, even after Beesly had suggested Marx could try and make the article less dry and more popularist in tone. Beesly subsequently suggested Marx & Engels contact The Westminster Review, but nothing seems to have come of this either.
The further inscription, possibly by Beesly, reads “Died 14 March 1883”, the date of Marx’s death. Sold for £115,000, 27 May 2010
References.
Sources The Times (9 July 1915), 11d · Positivist Review, 23 (1915) bibliography · C. L. Davies, The Spectator (17 July 1915), 77–8 · Sociological Review, 8 (July 1915), 187–8 · Foster, Alum. Oxon. · C. Kent, ‘Beesly, Edward Spencer’, BDMBR, vol. 2 · R. Harrison, ‘Professor Beesly and the working-class movement’, Essays in labour history in memory of G. D. H. Cole, 25 September 1889 – 14 January 1959, ed. A. Briggs and J. Saville (1960), 205–41; repr. (1967) · M. S. Vogeler, Frederic Harrison: the vocations of a positivist (1984) · J. E. McGee, A crusade for humanity: the history of organized positivism in England (1931) · R. Harrison, ‘E. S. Beesly and Karl Marx’, International Review of Social History, 4 (1959), 22–59, 208–38 · R. Harrison, Before the socialists: studies in labour and politics, 1861–1881 (1965) · R. Harrison, ‘E. S. Beesly’, in R. Harrison, The English defence of the Commune, 1871 (1971), 37–106
Archives UCL, corresp., lecture notes, and papers mainly relating to historical interests | Bishopsgate Institute, London, letters to George Howell · BL, corresp. with Richard Congreve, Add. MS 45227 · BL, Positivist MSS · BLPES, corresp. with Frederic Harrison · BLPES, London Positivist Society MSS · Internationaal Instituut voor Sociale Geschiedenis, Amsterdam, letters to Karl Marx · Maison d'Auguste Comte, Paris, letters to Constant Hillemand and others · Yale U., Beinecke L., letters to George Eliot

</doc>
<doc id="2838467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838467" title="Oberhasli goat">
Oberhasli goat

The Oberhasli is a modern American breed of hornless dairy goat. It derives from the hornless subtype of Chamois Colored Goat from the Oberhasli district of the Bernese Oberland in central Switzerland. All purebred members of the breed descend from five Chamois Colored Goats imported to the United States in 1936. A breeder's association was formed in 1977, and a herdbook established in the following year. Until then, goats of this type had been known as Swiss Alpine, and interbred with Alpine goats of other types.
History.
Goats of Oberhasli type were imported to the USA in 1906 and in 1920, but these goats were not bred pure and the bloodlines were lost. In 1936, H. O. Pence imported five Chamois Colored Goats from Switzerland to the United States; all purebred Oberhasli in the USA descend from these. Until the 1970s these animals were registered as Swiss Alpines. Crossbreeds with French Alpine or American Alpine stock were registered as American Alpines.
An association of breeders, the Oberhasli Breeders of America, was formed in about 1977. In 1978 or 1979 the Oberhasli was accepted as a breed by the American Dairy Goat Association (ADGA). A purebred herd maintained with records by Esther Oman, a breeder in California, was the foundation of the new breed. In 1980 the ADGA retrieved part-bred Oberhasli-type goats from its other herdbooks.
In 2010 a total of 1729 head, distributed over approximately 30 states, was reported to DAD-IS, based on data from one (unspecified) breed registry only.
Characteristics.
Standards for the Oberhasli are published by the American Dairy Goat Association and by the American Goat Society. 
The coloring of the breed is called "chamoisée" or "chamoisee" for its perceived resemblance to the colors of the wild Alpine chamois. The coat is bay or mid-brown, with black markings consisting of two black facial stripes through the eyes to the muzzle, a black forehead, a black dorsal stripe or mule stripe, and black belly and lower limbs. Does, but not bucks, may also be solid black.
The Oberhasli milk production record per lactation is .

</doc>
<doc id="2838468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838468" title="John Michaluk">
John Michaluk

John Michaluk (November 2, 1928 – December 18, 1998) was a retired Canadian professional ice hockey left winger who played in one National Hockey League game for the Chicago Black Hawks during the 1950–51 NHL season.
He died in Calgary on December 18, 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="2838469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838469" title="KVA">
KVA

KVA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2838471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838471" title="Mike Minard">
Mike Minard

Michael Edward Roger Minard (born November 1, 1976) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played in one National Hockey League game for the Edmonton Oilers during the 1999–2000 NHL season. 
Mike Minard is a Senior Instructor at the Minard Goaltending School after playing 13 years professionally. He has played at every level (NHL, AHL, ECHL, CHL, Europe). Mike was part of the Edmonton Oilers from 1996–2000 and with the Toronto Maple Leafs from 2000-2004.
Mike is a strong body within the community receiving several community service awards. He was twice the recipient of the AHL's Yanick Dupre Memorial Award for his contribution to the community's Sick Children's Hospital, schools and hockey organizations in Hamilton and St. John's NFLD.
Mike has 16 years experience in running both player and goalie development programs and coaching. 
His brother, Chris Minard has played for the Pittsburgh Penguins in the 2007-2008 year, and the 2008-2009 year, when they won the Stanley Cup, the Edmonton Oilers in 2009-2010 and is currently playing for the Detroit Red Wings for the upcoming 2010-2011 season.

</doc>
<doc id="2838476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838476" title="Isochoic wave">
Isochoic wave

This is a term used in ultrasound. Substances of a different medium are called isochoic if waves travel through them at the same speed.

</doc>
<doc id="2838479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838479" title="Amy Jenkins">
Amy Jenkins

Amy Jenkins (born 1966, in London) is an English novelist and screenwriter. She is the daughter of political journalist Peter Jenkins and the stepdaughter of "The Guardian" columnist and author Polly Toynbee.
After attending Westminster School (which only admits young women to the sixth-form) she studied law at University College London. Jenkins turned to writing and in 1996 achieved her first significant success with "This Life", a BBC television drama series about the lives and loves of a household of solicitors and barristers. She devised the series and wrote several episodes.
Other film, television and journalism work followed and in 1998 she secured a two-novel contract, her first novel, "Honeymoon", appearing in 2000. Although it was the second biggest debut novel of the year, selling over 250,000 copies in the UK and Commonwealth, critics noted that a central plot device in Jenkins' work possessed a striking similarity to the premise of Noël Coward's play Private Lives. In "Honeymoon" a man and woman who seven years previously had a brief affair meet again when they find themselves staying in adjacent hotel rooms on their respective honeymoons; at the opening of Coward's play a divorced couple find themselves honeymooning in adjacent hotel rooms. Her second novel, "Funny Valentine", was published in 2002. She wrote and produced the feature film "Elephant Juice", released in 2000. She has directed three short films including the "Mr Cool" segment of "Tube Tales"
"Honeymoon" was optioned by Columbia Pictures in 2000 and is currently in development with a script by Jenny Bicks, who has previously written episodes of "Sex And The City" and "Men In Trees". "Funny Valentine" was optioned in 2004 by the Australian producer Jan Chapman, who produced "The Piano" and "Lantana."
An anniversary special of "This Life" was broadcast on BBC Two at 9 pm on 2 January 2007. 
In 2004 she married Jonathan Heawood, Director of English PEN, and they have one son. 
Jenkins penned the biographical drama "Daphne", screened on BBC2 in 2007, celebrating the centenary of the birth of Daphne du Maurier.

</doc>
<doc id="2838485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838485" title="Dantewada district">
Dantewada district

Dantewada District, also known as Dantewara District or Dakshin Bastar District (South Bastar District), is a district in the Indian state of Chhattisgarh. Dantewada is the district headquarters. The district is part of Bastar Division. Until 1998, the Dantewada District was a tehsil of the larger Bastar District.
As of 2011 it is the third least populous district of Chhattisgarh (out of 18), after Narayanpur and Bijapur.
History.
Before Indian Independence, the district was part of the princely state of Bastar. After Indian Independence in 1947, Bastar's ruler acceded to the government of India, and the erstwhile state became part of Bastar District of Madhya Pradesh state. Bastar District was divided into the districts of Bastar, Dantewada, and Kanker in 1999. In 2000, Dantewada was one of the 16 Madhya Pradesh districts that constituted the new state of Chhattisgarh. Dantewada was bifurcated in the year 2007 resulting into a new district Bijapur district, Chhattisgarh with 4 Tehsils namely Bijapur, Bhairamgarh, Usoor and Bhopalpatnam. It was further bifurcated in the year 2012 resulting into an other new district Sukma with 3 Tehsils namely Chhindgarh, Sukma and Konta.
Maoist rebellion.
The district is currently a part of the Red Corridor. Over the last year, more than 350 people have been killed and 50,000 moved into camps in the Dantewada district, as a result of a Maoist uprising.
In April 2010, the Maoist rebels killed at least 75 Indian soldiers in a series of attacks on security convoys in Dantewada. In May 2010, the Naxals targeted the Special Police Officers traveling in a civilian bus, killing around 31 to 44, including several Special Police Officers (SPOs) and civilians.
Geography.
Dantewada District has an area of 3,410.50 km². It is bounded on the north and northeast by Bastar District, on the east by Malkangiri District of Odisha state, on the south and southwest by Khammam District of Andhra Pradesh state, and on the west by the Indravati River, which forms the boundary with Karimnagar District of Andhra Pradesh and Gadchiroli District of Maharashtra.
Administrative divisions.
Dantewada district is divided into four tehsils, each of which is also a "development block". It is further divided into 114 gram panchayats. The four tehsils are:
Demographics.
According to the 2011 census Dantewada district has a population of 247,029, roughly equal to the half of the nation of Cape Verde. This gives it a ranking of 540th in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 15.56%. Dantewada has a sex ratio of 1016 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 33.21%.
The district has a population of 247,029 (2011 census), of which 173,714 are tribal peoples (adivasis). The district is divided into 4 tehsils, Dantewada, Gidam, Kuwakonda and Katekalyan.
Education.
Average literacy rate of Dantewada (Dantewara) district is 33.21 percent.

</doc>
<doc id="2838486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838486" title="1956 in architecture">
1956 in architecture

The year 1956 in architecture involved some significant events.

</doc>
<doc id="2838490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838490" title="WTA German Open">
WTA German Open

The German Open was a WTA Tour affiliated professional tennis tournament for women played in Berlin, Germany. Held since 1896, it was one of the oldest tournaments for women. Until 1978 the tournament was held in Hamburg together with the men's tournament. From 1988, it was classified on the WTA Tour as a Tier I tournament.
Past champions of the tournament include former world number ones Billie Jean King, Chris Evert, Steffi Graf, Monica Seles, Arantxa Sánchez Vicario, Martina Hingis, Amélie Mauresmo, Justine Henin, Ana Ivanovic and Dinara Safina.
Tournament names:

</doc>
<doc id="2838496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838496" title="Tauondi College">
Tauondi College

Tauondi College is an independent Australian Aborigine controlled and managed post-secondary college established in 1973. It provides adult education for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islanders. Enrolments average 350 students and more than 6500 people have studied at Tauondi.
The College is a nationally accredited training provider (since 1994). It offers:
in 6 industry areas: tourism, business, IT, public services-education and training, hospitality and applied & visual arts.

</doc>
<doc id="2838497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838497" title="Isaac Karabtchevsky">
Isaac Karabtchevsky

Isaac Karabtchevsky (born December 27, 1934 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian conductor of Russian Jewish ancestry. He studied music and conducting in Germany, where his teachers included Wolfgang Fortner, Pierre Boulez and Carl Ueter. 
Karabtchevsky conducted the "Brazilian Symphony Orchestra", (Rio de Janeiro) from 1969 to 1996. From 1988 to 1994, he was principal conductor of the "Tonkünstler Orchestra", (Vienna). From 1995 to 2001, he was music director of the "Teatro La Fenice" (Venice). Since 2003, Karabtchevsky has been the artistic director of the "Porto Alegre Symphony Orchestra" (Porto Alegre). He was music director of the "Orchestre National des Pays de la Loire" (Nantes et Angers) from 2004 to 2009.
External links.
to watch and listen:

</doc>
<doc id="2838499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838499" title="The Grey Zone">
The Grey Zone

The Grey Zone is a 2001 film directed by Tim Blake Nelson and starring David Arquette, Steve Buscemi, Harvey Keitel, Mira Sorvino and Daniel Benzali. It is based on the book "Auschwitz: A Doctor's Eyewitness Account" written by Dr. Miklós Nyiszli.
The title comes from a chapter in the book "The Drowned and the Saved" by Holocaust survivor Primo Levi. The film tells the story of the Jewish "Sonderkommando" XII in the Auschwitz concentration camp in October 1944. These prisoners were made to assist the camp's guards in shepherding their victims to the gas chambers and then disposing of their bodies in the ovens.
Plot.
The film opens in October 1944, in the Auschwitz-Birkenau extermination camp. A small group of Sonderkommandos are plotting an insurrection that, they hope, will destroy at least one of the camp's four crematoria and gas chambers. They are receiving firearms from Polish citizens in the nearby village and gunpowder from the UNIO munitions factory; the women prisoners who work in the UNIO are smuggling the powder to the men’s camp among the bodies of their dead workers. The women's activity is eventually discovered by the Germans, they are savagely tortured, but they don't reveal the plot.
Meanwhile, a Hungarian-Jewish doctor, Miklós Nyiszli (Allan Corduner), who works for the Nazi scientist Josef Mengele in an experimental medical lab, has received permission from Mengele himself to visit his wife and daughter in the women’s labor camp. Nyiszli is quite concerned about the safety of his family and believes that Mengele’s orders will keep them from the gas chambers.
A new trainload of Hungarian Jewish prisoners arrives and all are immediately sent to the gas chambers. As the group is given instructions about "delousing," a fearful, angry man in the group begins shouting questions at one of the Sonderkommando, Hoffman (Arquette), who has been issuing the instructions. Hoffman beats him to death in an outburst of frustration, in an attempt to make the man stop talking. After the gassing of this same group, a badly shaken Hoffman finds a young girl alive beneath a pile of bodies. He removes her from the chamber, and, after informing the leader of the insurgency, Schlermer (Daniel Benzali), takes her to a storage room and summons Nyiszli, who revives her. The group decides to hide her in the children’s camp. While the prisoners hide her in a dressing room, SS-"Oberscharführer" Eric Muhsfeldt (Keitel) suddenly walks in. Noticing that one of the prisoners present, Abramowics (Buscemi), is there illegally, he shoots him, prompting the girl to scream and to be discovered. Nyiszli then takes Muhsfeldt outside and tells him about the uprising, but cannot tell him where or when it will begin. Muhsfeldt agrees to protect the young girl after the uprising is suppressed.
The insurrection begins and Crematoria IV is destroyed with the smuggled explosives. All the Sonderkommandos who survive the explosions and gunfights with the SS are captured. They are held until the fire in the crematorium is extinguished and executed shortly after. Hoffmann and a fellow prisoner, Rosenthal (David Chandler), conclude that the girl will not be set free after she is forced to watch the executions. After all captives are shot, the girl is allowed to flee toward the main gate of the camp. Before she can run very far, Muhsfeldt draws his handgun and shoots her. The film closes with a voice-over recitation by the dead girl.
Production and release.
The film was based upon Nelson's own play adapted from Nyiszli's book. A 90 percent scale "model" of the Birkenau camp was built near Sofia, Bulgaria for the production of the film using the original architectural plans.
The film was first released on DVD on March 18, 2003. In 2008 it was released on DVD in the UK.
The film received the 2002 National Board of Review Freedom of Expression Award.

</doc>
<doc id="2838512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838512" title="Lloyd Mohns">
Lloyd Mohns

Lloyd Warren Mohns (July 31, 1921 – January 24, 2005) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who played in one National Hockey League game for the New York Rangers during the 1943–44 NHL season.

</doc>
<doc id="2838516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838516" title="David Moravec">
David Moravec

David Moravec (born March 24, 1973 in Opava, Czechoslovakia) is a professional ice hockey left wing who plays for HC Oceláři Třinec of the Czech Extraliga.
He was drafted in the eighth round, 218th overall, by the Buffalo Sabres in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft. He played one game in the National Hockey League with the Sabres in the 1999–2000 season, going scoreless.
Moravec was a member of the Czech team which won the gold medal at the 1998 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="2838523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838523" title="Jean-Guy Morissette">
Jean-Guy Morissette

Jean-Guy Donat Morissette (December 16, 1937 – March 22, 2011) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played in one National Hockey League game for the Montreal Canadiens during the 1963–64 NHL season.
He had a wife, Claude, as well as two children.

</doc>
<doc id="2838524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838524" title="Dean Morton">
Dean Morton

Dean Morton (born February 27, 1968) is a former Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman, currently a National Hockey League referee. He played in one NHL game for the Detroit Red Wings during the 1989–90 NHL season and is one of only three players to score a goal in their only NHL game, along with Brad Fast and Rolly Huard.
He received media attention on HBO's "24/7" Winter Classic special when a post-game dressing room scene showed him being congratulated for a "ballsy call" by partner Stephen Walkom. The call in question was a goaltender interference call to disallow a goal by the Pittsburgh Penguins that would have tied the game against the New York Rangers.

</doc>
<doc id="2838525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838525" title="Youlton">
Youlton

Youlton is a village and civil parish in Hambleton district of North Yorkshire, England. It is situated approximately miles south-west of Easingwold and from York.
History.
The rights to the manor in the village used to belong to University College, Oxford. Amongst the previous landowners were the de Ros family. Youlton Hall was used by King James I as an overnight stop between London and Edinburgh.
Governance.
The village is within the Thirsk and Malton parliamentary constituency. It also lies within the Tollerton ward of Hambleton District Council and the Easingwold electoral district of North Yorkshire County Council.
Geography.
The village lies midway between the River Ure and the River Kyle. Local roads link the village with Alne, North Yorkshire to the north and Great Ouseburn to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="2838527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838527" title="Jerome Mrazek">
Jerome Mrazek

Jerome John Mrazek (born October 15, 1951) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played in one NHL game for the Philadelphia Flyers during the 1975–76 NHL season. He played for three seasons with the University of Minnesota-Duluth. He also played in the IHL and AHL.

</doc>
<doc id="2838539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838539" title="Dhamtari">
Dhamtari

Dhamtari is a municipality and district in the state of Chhattisgarh, India under Mahasamund Lok Sabha which was formed on 6 July 1998.. The district comprises 3.13 percent of Chhattisgarh's total population.
History.
Dhamtari's population was 17,278 in 1955. At that time, the town was part of Raipur District in the state of Madhya Pradesh. In 2000, it became part of the new Chhattisgarh state and headquarters for the Dhamtari tehsil. As a terminus of a narrow-gauge railway running 80 km (50 miles) north of Raipur on the main Bombay-Calcutta line of the Bengal Nagpur Railway, Dhamtari became a trade centre. Goods shipped from there included timber, shellac, morabulum nuts, biri leaves (for cigarettes), rice and animal hides.
The American Mennonite Mission was established in Dhamtari in 1899. By 1952 the mission had merged with the Mennonite Church (MC) in India, which had its headquarters in Dhamtari. In 1955 the 558-member congregation was one of several missionary groups in Dhamtari, including the Dhamtari Christian Academy, Dhamtari Christian Hospital, the Samuel Burkhard Memorial Boys' Orphanage and a nursing school. The community of Marathapara, in Dhamtari, comprises the world's largest population of Marathas.
Geography.
Dhamtari is in the fertile plains of Chhattisgarh. The district's total area is , and it is about 317 meters (1,040 feet) above sea level. It is bordered by the Raipur District to the north, the Kanker and Bastar Districts to the south, the State of Orissa to the east and the Durg and Kankar Districts to the west. The fertility of the land in the Dhamtari District is due to the Mahanadi River and its tributaries (Sendur, Pairy, Sondur, Joan, Kharun, and Shivnath).
Economy.
Lead deposits exist in the district. Most of the city's workforce is involved in the timber industry or rice or flour milling (Dhamtari has more than 100 rice mills), with the chemical industry also a significant presence. The Ravishankar Sagar Dam irrigates nearly of land, and is the primary supplier of potable water to the state capital of Raipur and the steel plant at Bhilai. The dam is about from the district capital. Asia's first siphon dam was built in 1914 at Madamsilli; the Sondhur and Dudhawa Dams are other important works.
Transportation.
Dhamtari is serviced by several forms of public transportation, including luxury buses, tempos and auto-rickshaws. The Raipur-Dhamtari narrow-gauge line also provides service to the area.
Education.
Schools
Healthcare.
The Dhamtari Christian Hospital is one of the oldest hospitals in the town.
Places of interest.
Dhamtari is known for its traditional folk culture. Among the district's points of interest is the Ravishankar Water Dam (also known as the Gangrel Dam), noted for its sunsets. The dam attracts tourists from Chhattisgarh and other states, especially when it overflows during the monsoon. The Sitanadi Wildlife Sanctuary, a popular tourist attraction, is a tiger reserve.

</doc>
<doc id="2838545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838545" title="Ademir Marques de Menezes">
Ademir Marques de Menezes

Ademir Marques de Menezes (8 November 1922 – 11 May 1996), best known as Ademir (), was a Brazilian footballer, regarded as one of the best centre forwards in the history of the Brazil national team. His prominent underbite earned him the nickname "Queixada", which means "jaw".
He is best known for his exploits in the 1950 World Cup held in his native Brazil. Playing in an outstanding forward trio involving Zizinho and Jair he won the Golden Boot as the top scorer in the competition. He was the scorer of the first competitive goal at the Maracanã stadium There is some disagreement in the records as to how many goals Ademir scored, with some sources citing seven and others, including the authoritative RSSSF, nine. Despite this feat, he could not bring victory to Brazil in the decisive match against Uruguay – a national tragedy which was later dubbed the Maracanazo.
Ademir also enjoyed success in the Copa América. He played in the 1945, 1946, 1949, and 1953 editions of the tournament, scoring 12 goals in 18 appearances in the competition, including a tournament-winning hat-trick in the final play-off against Paraguay in 1949. He also won the Panamerican Championship with Brazil in 1952. In total, Ademir played 39 times for his country, scoring 32 goals (according to RSSSF) between 1945 and 1953.
He began his club career with Sport Recife before moving to Vasco da Gama. He played for Vasco for two spells, 1942–1945 and 1948–56, broken by a spell at Fluminense. In total, Ademir made 429 appearances for Vasco, scoring 301 goals, winning five Rio State League championships (1945, 1949, 1950, 1952, 1956). He won another with Fluminense (1946). He was the league's top scorer in 1949 with 30 goals and again in 1950 with 25 goals. Ademir finally retired from playing in 1956, going on to work as a commentator, coach and businessman.
Ability.
A fast and powerful striker, with a strong shot in both feet, Ademir began his career as a left winger before moving to the centre, causing havoc in opposing defences with his skill and sublime finishing. People at the time considered him an unequalled ball juggler who knew every trick in the book. He used to wreak havoc among defences with his quick changes in tempo, fooling his opponents with deceptions carried out almost at lightning speed, his mastering of the ball in all situations and the ability to accelerate rapidly.
Ademir Marques de Menezes’s 1950 World Cup statistics.
The scores contain links to the article on the 1950 FIFA World Cup and the round in question. When there is a special article on the match in question, the link is in the column for "round".

</doc>
<doc id="2838551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838551" title="If Ya Gettin' Down">
If Ya Gettin' Down

"If Ya Gettin' Down" is a single by English boy band Five. It was released in July 1999 as the lead single from their second studio album, "Invincible" (1999). It was co-written by band members J Brown, Sean Conlon and Abz Love, and Richard Stannard, Julian Gallagher, and co-produced by Stannard and Rowe. The song samples Indeep's 1982 hit song "Last Night a D.J. Saved My Life".
The song was certified Silver in the United Kingdom for sales of over 200,000 copies. The song charted at number two in the UK and Australia, and reached number one in New Zealand.
Music video.
The official music video was directed by Cameron Casey.
Chart performance.
The song reached number two in the United Kingdom, being kept off the top spot by Ricky Martin's "Livin' la Vida Loca", where it was certified Silver for sales of over 200,000 copies. It also was certified Platinum in Australia, where it reached number two. The song topped the charts in New Zealand as well.

</doc>
<doc id="2838552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838552" title="Begley">
Begley

Begley is an anglicized Irish surname, derived from the Irish "Ó Beaglaoich", and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2838557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838557" title="Hal Murphy">
Hal Murphy

Harold Murphy (July 6, 1927 – October 12, 1976) was a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played in one National Hockey League game for the Montreal Canadiens during the 1952–53 NHL season.

</doc>
<doc id="2838559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838559" title="Empress Xiaoquancheng">
Empress Xiaoquancheng

Empress Xiaoquancheng (24 March 1808 – 13 February 1840) was the third official spouse and second Empress Consort of the Daoguang Emperor of the Qing Dynasty. She was the birth mother of Daoguang's successor, the Xianfeng Emperor.
Biography.
Birth and family background.
Empress Xiaoquancheng was born in the Manchu Niuhuru clan on the 28th day of the second lunar month in the 13th year of the reign of the Jiaqing Emperor. Her personal name is unknown. Her family was originally under the Plain Red Banner of the Eight Banners but was later moved to the Bordered Yellow Banner. Her father was Yiling (頤齡), a general in Suzhou and a Duke of the Third Class (see the Family section below for his full titles).
As the Daoguang Emperor's concubine.
Lady Niuhuru spent her youth in Suzhou. In 1820 the Jiaqing Emperor died and was succeeded by his son, who became the Daoguang Emperor. A year later, during the selections for Daoguang's concubines, Lady Niuhuru was chosen as a potential candidate. At the age of 13, she entered the Forbidden City and was given the rank of Noble Lady Quan. She was promoted to Imperial Concubine Quan (全嬪) a year later. On 24 March 1823 Lady Niuhuru was further promoted to the status of Consort Quan (全妃).
Two years later, on 8 April 1825, Lady Niuhuru gave birth to the Daoguang Emperor's third daughter. Daoguang was delighted and about a month later, on 30 May, Lady Niuhuru was promoted to the rank of Noble Consort Quan (全貴妃).
In the following summer, Lady Niuhuru became pregnant a second time, and on 12 May 1826 she gave birth to the Daoguang Emperor's fourth daughter (Kurun Princess Shou'an).
On 17 July 1831 Lady Niuhuru gave birth to the Daoguang Emperor's fourth (but oldest surviving) son Yizhu, who would later become the Xianfeng Emperor.
On 16 June 1833, the Daoguang Emperor's second empress, Empress Xiaoshencheng, died, and Lady Niuhuru was placed in charge of the emperor's other concubines, performing the duty of an empress. On 28 September 1833, during the Mid Autumn Festival, Lady Niuhuru was elevated to the status of Imperial Noble Consort Quan (全皇貴妃), making the most senior of all the Daoguang Emperor's concubines.
As Empress.
On 18 November 1834, at the age of 26, Lady Niuhuru was instated as Empress. She was the Daoguang Emperor's third official spouse and his second Empress Consort.
On 27 December 1835 Lady Niuhuru's eldest daughter, Kurun Princess Duanshen, died at the age of 10.
Death.
Lady Niuhuru died on 13 February 1840 in the Palace of Gathering Essence in the Forbidden City. Her exact cause of death was not recorded in official historical records. Six days after her death, on 19 February 1840, she was granted the posthumous title Empress Xiaoquan (孝全皇后). Nine months later, on 20 November 1840, she was interred in the Muling Mausoleum at the Western Qing Tombs.
Family.
Reports on her pregnancy in 1831 suggest that the bulk of the medical attention she received was during the last five weeks, when a physician and a midwife were in constant attendance to await the onset of labour.
Posthumous title.
Empress Xiaoquancheng's full posthumous title is:

</doc>
<doc id="2838560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838560" title="Makpal Isabekova">
Makpal Isabekova

Makpal Isabekova (Kazakh Cyrillic: Мақпал Исабекова) (Russian Cyrillic: Макпал Исабекова) (born February 21, 1984 in Panfilov, Kazakh SSR, Soviet Union (present Zharkent, Kazakhstan)) is a Kazakh singer who placed sixth in the 2004 edition of "SuperStar KZ", the Kazakh version of "Pop Idol", shown by Perviy Kanal Evraziya.
Biography.
From a young age she wanted to become a singer.
SuperStar KZ performances.
Semi Finals: 
Top 12: "Un-Break My Heart" by Toni Braxton
Top 11: "Может, Однажды" by Dilnaz Akhmadieva
Top 10: "Я Зову Вчерашний Дождь" by Alika Smekhova
Top 9: "I Have Nothing" by Whitney Houston
Top 8: "Песенка Водовоза" by Isaak Dunayevsky
Top 7: "Sunny" by Boney M
Top 6: "Ещё Не Вечер" by Laima Vaikule

</doc>
<doc id="2838562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838562" title="Military–church relations in Fiji">
Military–church relations in Fiji

The Military of Fiji has always had a close relationship between the country's churches, particularly the Methodist Church, to which some two-thirds of indigenous Fijians belong. Relations became strained in 2005, however, over the church's support for the government's controversial Reconciliation and Unity Commission, which the Military strongly opposes. The Bill seeks to establish Commission empowered to compensate victims and pardon perpetrators of the "coup d'état" which deposed the elected government of Prime Minister, Mahendra Chaudhry in May 2000.
Infantry Day, 2005.
In an Infantry Day speech at Mount Nakobalevu outside Suva on 23 June, Bainimarama told 400 infanteers that he expected political instability to continue, and that in the event of an upheaval, they should follow his orders and no one else's. He told soldiers to stay away from people who opposed the stance of the military on what he called matters of national interest, and to change churches if their minister's views conflicted with those of the military. He also asserted that if Fijian chiefs were giving wrong advice to their people, the military had a duty to correct them.
Land Force Commander Colonel Ioane Naivalurua called Bainimarama ""corageous, strong, and ... a saviour of Fiji in this time of need."" But Methodist Church spokesman Rev. Iliesa Naivalu strongly rebuked him for calling on soldiers to switch churches if their minister preached against the army. ""No leader in his right frame of mind urges his people to change their churches simply because of a Bill,"" he said on 29 June. ""To do so is a breach of an individual's constitutional right to express their faith by joining a church of their choice."" He accused Bainimarama of lacking wisdom and respect, the true foundation of sound leadership.
"Chaplains supporting the bill not welcome" - Bainimarama.
On 1 October 2005, Commodore Bainimarama warned the Methodist Church, to which some two-thirds of indigenous Fijians belong, that their support for the Unity Bill would jeopardize their right to supply chaplains to Fijian soldiers performing United Nations peacekeeping duties in the Middle East. ""We will not be soft when it comes to the bill,"" he warned. ""I will not allow the pastors who support the bill to relay a different message to my troops, especially when the military is not for the bill."" He said that clergy seeking to travel with the troops would be required to state their attitude to the legislation, and that supporters of it need not apply. If the Methodist Church as a whole continued to endorse the bill, Bainimarama said he would ban all Methodist ministers from overseas chaplaincy roles and recruit Assemblies of God or All Nation Church ministers instead. 
Assemblies of God General Secretary Reverend Apete Tanoa responded by saying that while his denomination would appreciate being offered chaplaincy assignments with the Military, it would not want to get involved in a dispute between the Military and the Methodist Church.
On 2 October, Reverend Ame Tugawe, the General Secretary of the Methodist Church, said he was ""in total shock"" at the Commander's attack on the church. ""He is not only speaking about the people in the church but also about the God which we all serve,"" Tugawe said. ""I have spoken with the military chaplain and told him to inform the military not to make such comments against the church."" He said the threat was unprecedented and he could not have imagined it.
Tugawe reiterated the church's support for the Unity Bill: ""We support reconciliation and the comments (Bainimarama's) would not do it,"" he said. ""I advise the commander not to vent his anger in such public comments."" He said, however, that it was a matter of personal conscience whether a minister supported or opposed the legislation, and that the question should not be a factor in the appointment of military chaplains.
Leweni clarifies.
Captain Neumi Leweni, the Army's Media Liaison Officer, said on 4 October that the Military had principles to uphold, and therefore there would be no compromise on the Unity Bill. Contrary to Reverend Tugawe's assertions, the threatened ban on chaplains out of favour with the Military was not unprecedented, Leweni said. The Military was not speaking against the Methodist Church, he insisted, but was stating its own position.

</doc>
<doc id="2838566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838566" title="Jenu">
Jenu

In Mi'kmaq folklore, a Jenu is a wild and cannibalistic hairy giant.
Jenua are comparable to the Wendigo of Anishinaabe and Cree mythology (and, to a lesser extent, Sasquatch).

</doc>
<doc id="2838569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838569" title="Hype cycle">
Hype cycle

The Hype Cycle is a branded graphical tool developed and used by IT research and advisory firm Gartner for representing the maturity, adoption and social application of specific technologies.
Five phases.
Each Hype Cycle drills down into the five key phases of a technology’s life cycle.
The term "Hype Cycle" and each of the associated phases are now used more broadly in the marketing of new technologies.
Hype in new media.
Hype in new media (in the more general media sense of the term "hype") plays a large part in the adoption of new media forms by society. Terry Flew states that hype (generally the enthusiastic and strong feeling around new forms of media and technology in which people expect everything will be modified for the better) surrounding new media technologies and their popularization, along with the development of the Internet, is a common characteristic. But following shortly after the period of 'inflated expectations', as per the diagram above, the new media technologies quickly fall into a period of disenchantment, which is the end of the primary, and strongest, phase of hype.
Many analyses of the Internet in the 1990s featured large amounts of hype,
which as a result created "debunking" responses toward the Internet. However, such hype and the negative and positive responses toward it have now given way to research that looks empirically at new media and its impact.
A longer-term historical perspective on such cycles can be found in the research of the economist Carlota Perez.
Criticisms.
There have been numerous criticisms</ref> of the hype cycle, prominent among which are that it is not a cycle, that the outcome does not depend on the nature of the technology itself, that it is not scientific in nature, and that it does not reflect changes over time in the speed at which technology develops. Another is that the "cycle" has no real benefits to the development or marketing of new technologies and merely comments on pre-existing trends. Specific disadvantages when compared to, for example, technology readiness level are:

</doc>
<doc id="2838574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838574" title="Rae Road">
Rae Road

Rae Road is the first solo album of original music by Grand Central Records boss and DJ / musician, Mark Rae.

</doc>
<doc id="2838576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838576" title="Forward Communist Party">
Forward Communist Party

Forward Communist Party was a political party in India. FCP was formed in 1948 following a split from the Forward Bloc (Marxist). In FB(M) (today known just as All India Forward Bloc), the then party president K.M. Joglekar opposed the alignment of FB(M) with the United Socialist Organisation of India. Thus Joglekar broke away and formed FCP. He took with him units of FB(M) in West Bengal, Bihar, Maharashtra and Uttar Pradesh.
In 1952 FCP disintegrated into two separate parties, Forward Communist Party (Joglekar) and Forward Communist Party (Anandi Mukherji).The same year, FCP(J) merged with the Communist Party of India and FCP(AM) merged with Bolshevik Party of India.

</doc>
<doc id="2838578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838578" title="Paul Wayland Bartlett">
Paul Wayland Bartlett

Paul Wayland Bartlett (January 24, 1865 – September 20, 1925) was an American sculptor working in the Beaux-Arts tradition of heroic realism.
Life.
He was born in New Haven, Connecticut, the son of Truman Howe Bartlett, an art critic and sculptor.
When fifteen he began to study in Paris under Emmanuel Frémiet, modelling from animals in the Jardin des Plantes. He won a medal at the Paris Salon of 1887, and was elected as a member of the jury for the Paris "Exposition Universelle" of 1889 and again at the "Exposition" of 1900, each time sacrificing his own opportunities of receiving medals. He was twenty-nine when the Cross of a Chevalier of the Legion of Honor was bestowed upon him. In 1903, he collaborated with the dean of American sculptors, John Quincy Adams Ward, on the models for the pediment sculptures of the New York Stock Exchange; the pediment figures were carved by the Piccirilli Brothers.
Bartlett's masterwork was the House of Representatives pediment at the U.S. Capitol building, "The Apotheosis of Democracy", begun in 1908 and completed in 1916. Among his other principal works are "Bohemian Bear Tamer," in the Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York; the equestrian statue of Lafayette, in the Cours Albert 1er, Paris, presented to the French Republic by the schoolchildren of America; the powerful and virile bronzes "Columbus"' and "Michelangelo" inside the Library of Congress; the "Ghost Dancer", in the Pennsylvania Academy, Philadelphia; the "Dying Lion"; the equestrian statue of McClellan in Philadelphia; and a statue of Joseph Warren in Boston, Massachusetts. His bronze patinas of reptiles, insects and fish are also remarkable.
In 1895, he was named a Chevalier of the French Legion of Honor. In 1916 he was admitted to the American Academy of Arts and Letters. He was also a member of the National Sculpture Society and the International Society of Sculptors, Painters and Gravers.
A retrospective exbition was held after his death, " Paul Wayland Bartlett (1865—1925): sculptures", Musée de l'Orangerie, Paris, 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="2838580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838580" title="Juca Chaves">
Juca Chaves

Juca Chaves (born 22 October 1938 in Rio de Janeiro, as Jurandir Czaczkes) is a Brazilian comedian, singer and writer well known for his irreverence. He is the son of Austrian Jewish immigrants. [http://pt.livra.com/review.asp?R=714166]
An active critic of the Brazilian military dictatorship, he went to exile in the early 1970s, first in Portugal and later Italy. After his return to Brazil, he hosted a program on national TV and subsequently made a career as a comedian. He currently lives in Bahia.

</doc>
<doc id="2838581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838581" title="Sunday comics">
Sunday comics

Sunday comics is the commonly accepted term for the full-color comic strip section carried in most American newspapers. Many newspaper readers called this section the Sunday funnies, the funny papers or simply the funnies. In Canada, they are known as the weekend comics, as they are published there on Saturdays (Most Canadian papers are not published on Sundays).
The first US newspaper comic strips appeared in the late 19th century, closely allied with the invention of the color press. Jimmy Swinnerton's "The Little Bears" introduced sequential art and recurring characters in William Randolph Hearst's "San Francisco Examiner". In America, the popularity of comic strips sprang from the newspaper war between Hearst and Joseph Pulitzer.
Role of the color press.
After the publisher of the "Chicago Inter-Ocean" saw the first color press in Paris at the offices of "Le Petit Journal", he had his own color press operating late in 1892. At the "New York Recorder", manager George Turner had R. Hoe & Co. design a color press, and the "Recorder" published the first American newspaper color page on April 2, 1893. The following month, Pulitzer's "New York World" printed cartoonist Walt McDougall's "The Possibilities of the Broadway Cable Car" as a color page on May 21, 1893.
"The Yellow Kid" is usually credited as the first US newspaper comic strip. However, the artform combining words and pictures evolved gradually, and there are many examples of proto-comic strips. In 1995, King Features Syndicate president Joseph F. D'Angelo wrote:
In 1905, Winsor McCay's "Little Nemo in Slumberland" began. Stephen Becker, in "Comic Art in America", noted that "Little Nemo in Slumberland" was "probably the first strip to exploit color for purely aesthetic purposes; it was the first in which the dialogue, occasionally polysyllabic, flirted with adult irony.
By 1906, the weekly Sunday comics supplement was commonplace, with a half-dozen competitive syndicates circulating strips to newspapers in every major American city. In 1923, "The Commercial Appeal" in Memphis, Tennessee, became among the first in the nation to acquire its own radio station, and it was the first Southern newspaper to publish a Sunday comic section.
For most of the 20th century, the Sunday funnies were a family tradition, enjoyed each weekend by adults and kids alike. They were read by millions and produced famous fictional characters in such strips as "Flash Gordon", "Little Orphan Annie", "Prince Valiant", "Dick Tracy" and "Terry and the Pirates". Leading the lists of classic humor strips are "Bringing Up Father", "Gasoline Alley", "Li'l Abner", "Pogo", "Peanuts" and "Smokey Stover". Some newspapers added their own local features, such as "Our Own Oddities" in the "St. Louis Post-Dispatch". There were educational strips, such as King Features' "Heroes of American History". In addition to the comic strips, Sunday comics sections also carried advertisements in a comics format, single-panel features, puzzles, paper dolls and cut-and-paste activities. "The World Museum" gave readers instructions for cutting pictures apart and assembling them into a diorama, often with a subject from nature, such as "The Grand Canyon" or "Buffalo Hunt". A page on covered wagons carried the headline, "Covered wagons shown in an easy-to-build model: Scissors, paste and wrapping paper are all you need to make this Western set." 
Some radio stations across the United States featured Sunday morning programs in which an announcer read aloud from the Sunday comics section, allowing readers to follow action in the panels as they listened to the dialogue. Most notably, on July 8, 1945, during a New York newspaper deliverers' strike, New York mayor Fiorello H. La Guardia read comic strips over the radio.
Sunday strip layout.
Early Sunday strips filled an entire newspaper page. Later strips, such as "The Phantom" and "Terry and the Pirates", were usually only half that size, with two strips to a page in full-size newspapers, such as the "New Orleans Times Picayune", or with one strip on a tabloid page, as in the "Chicago Sun-Times". When Sunday strips began to appear in more than one format, it became necessary for the cartoonist to follow a standardized strip layout, which provides newspapers with the greatest flexibility in determining how to print a strip.
One notable distinction among Sunday comics supplements was the supplement produced in a comic book-like format, featuring the character The Spirit. These sixteen-page (later 8 page) standalone Sunday supplements of Will Eisner's character were included with newspapers from 1940 through 1952.
During World War II, because of paper shortages, the size of Sunday strips began to shrink. After the war, strips continued to get smaller and smaller, to save the expense of printing so many color pages. The last full-page comic strip was the "Prince Valiant" strip for 11 April 1971. The dimensions of the Sunday comics continued to decrease in recent years, as did the number of pages. Sunday comics sections that were 10 or 12 pages in 1950 dropped to six or four pages by 2005. One of the last large-size Sunday comics in the United States is in the "Reading Eagle", which has eight Berliner-size pages and carries 36 comics. It's banner headline is "Biggest Comics Section in the Land". Another big-size comic section is that of "The Washington Post" which carries 41 strips in eight broadsheet pages although it also contains a sudoku and a Jumble puzzle. Canadian newspaper comic sections are unique not only because of being printed on Saturdays, but these usually are also part of the entertainment or lifestyle section. A notable exception is that of the "Winnipeg Free Press" which publishes an eight-page comic-only tabloid section.
In some cases today, the daily strip and Sunday strip dimensions are almost the same. For instance, a daily strip in "The Arizona Republic" measures 4" wide by 1" deep, while the three-tiered "Hägar the Horrible" Sunday strip in the same paper is 5" wide by 3" deep.

</doc>
<doc id="2838597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838597" title="Methodist Ladies' College, Melbourne">
Methodist Ladies' College, Melbourne

Methodist Ladies' College (commonly referred to as MLC) is an independent, non-selective, day and boarding school for girls, located in Kew, an eastern suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. The school has two additional outdoor education campuses known as 'Marshmead' and 'Banksia'.
Established in 1882 on its current campus by the Methodist Church of Australasia, MLC is now a school of the Uniting Church in Australia, and caters for approximately 2200 students from the Early Learning Centre (MLC Kindle) to year 12, including more than 100 boarders.
The college is a member of Girls Sport Victoria, the Australian Boarding Schools' Association, the Junior School Heads Association of Australia (JSHAA), the Association of Heads of Independent Schools of Australia (AHISA), and the Alliance of Girls' Schools Australasia.
MLC offers students both the Victorian Certificate of Education and the International Baccalaureate.
History.
William Henry Fitchett was secretary of a committee formed in 1879 to start a secondary school for girls.
MLC was founded on its current campus in Kew on 14 February 1882 as a "modern school of the first order", with buildings that formed "a collegiate institution for girls unsurpassed in the colonies". It was the first Australian girls’ school established by the Wesleyan Methodists and Fitchett was the first principal. The goal of its founders was to provide a "high-class Christian education for girls, comparable with that provided elsewhere for boys". As the first Australian girls’ school established by the Wesleyan Methodists, MLC attracted boarders from all Australian colonies.
In 1990, MLC became the first school in the world to introduce laptop computers for all students from Year 5 – 12. In 1991, MLC Marshmead opened, providing Year 9 students with an eight-week residential experience with a focus on outdoor education.
In 2001, "The Sun-Herald" reported a 1988 study which ranked MLC third in Australia's top ten girls' schools, based on the number of its alumni mentioned in the "Who's Who in Australia" (a listing of notable Australians). In 2002, MLC won the title of 'Australian School of the Year', as published in "The Australian" newspaper.
Although never exclusively denominational, the original College motto 'Deo Domuique' - For God and for Home - still remains today. In recent times, the College has adopted an international outlook, embracing diversity and the UNESCO principles of being an internationally-minded school.
House system.
As with most Australian schools, MLC has a house system through which students partake in inter-house competitions and activities. The college currently has five houses:
In the past, there was a Tiddeman house(which was red). This was a specific house for boarders.
Curriculum.
MLC offers an extensive range of VCE and Vocational Education Training (VET) courses, as well as the IB Diploma Programme. It has one of the largest VCE subject selections in the state. The school's success with the IB Programme is internationally renowned, with students consistently achieving in the top global percentile each year. Its physical education program includes a wide variety of summer and winter sports. It participates in the Girls Sport Victoria competition. 
The music school features an auditorium, and a department for woodwind, strings, keyboard, percussion and brass, with multiple ensembles including a concert orchestra, senior strings, choirs and bands. The music school is known for its excellence. The state of the art auditorium is often used for external performances.
The school offers a speech and drama program from early years and theatre arts and drama at VCE and IB level, as well as a variety of studio arts subjects.
2012 sacking of principal.
In September 2012 the school board sacked the then principal of 15 years, Rosa Storelli, leading to calls by Storelli plus some parents and old girls for the board's dismissal. There were protests outside the school by parents and students concerning the sacking of a much respected principal too.
The board at the time of Storelli's sacking consisted of Louise Adler (Melbourne University Press), Brendan Fleiter (Australia Post), Ahmed Fahour (Australia Post), Tony Peake (PricewaterhouseCoopers), Bernard Salt (KPMG), Patricia Cross (NAB, JB Were, Qantas), Patrick Ng (Architect), Belinda Probert (LaTrobe University) and Julie Landvogt (education consultant).
Notable alumnae.
Alumnae of the Methodist Ladies' College are known as 'Old Collegians' and automatically become members of the 'MLC Old Collegians' Club' upon graduation. The club was established on 29 October 1904 for the purpose of providing an ongoing relationship between the College and its alumnae.
Some notable 'Old Collegians' include:
Kate Heathershaw - paediatrician 
Rhodes Scholars.
MLC has produced four Rhodes Scholars: Karen Yeung (1987 (after she spent years 7 to 10 at her local high school - Gladstone Park Secondary College), Joanna Masel (1991), Sanya Reid Smith (1993) and Kate Robson (2001)

</doc>
<doc id="2838613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838613" title="White Nothe">
White Nothe

__NOTOC__
White Nothe (meaning "White Nose") is a chalk headland on the English Channel coast at the eastern end of Ringstead Bay, east of Weymouth in Dorset, England. The area is well known for its geology and fossils. Its flanks are the result of prehistoric landslides and the inaccessible slopes of the undercliff provide a secluded wildlife habitat.
There is a zigzag path up the cliff, believed to be one of the locations used by smugglers in the book "Moonfleet". It is possible to walk to the base of White Nothe along the shore from Ringstead Bay, but it is cut off at high tide so much care should be taken. At the top of the Smugglers path there is a protruding nose shape coming out of the white cliff giving the name to the area.
The area is partly owned by the National Trust. From the top of White Nothe, to the east, the chalk headland of Bat's Head can be viewed. It is possible to walk east along a clifftop path below the summit of Chaldon Hill to Durdle Door and Lulworth Cove. The Isle of Portland can be seen to the southwest.
Immediately to the northwest of White Nothe is the Burning Cliff, which from 1826 smouldered with an underground fire for several years due to the bituminous shale.
Situated at White Nothe is a World War II pillbox, constructed in 1940-41 of brick and concrete, as part of the anti-invasion measures. Unusually the structure is also fitted with a Royal Observer Corps observation post built on top, which was to spot and report aircraft.

</doc>
<doc id="2838624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838624" title="Mark Staff Brandl">
Mark Staff Brandl

Mark Staff Brandl (1955 in Peoria, Illinois) is an American-born artist, art historian and art critic now living primarily in Switzerland.
History.
Raised in Pekin, Illinois, Brandl is the son of Earl and Ruth Brandl, and brother of Marcia Brandl Willhite. He lived for many years in Chicago, Illinois, where his career in fine art began. Brandl has lived primarily in Trogen, Appenzell Ausserrhoden, Switzerland since 1988. He studied art, art history, literature and literary theory at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Illinois State University, and Columbia Pacific University, and completed his Ph.D. in art history at the University of Zurich in 2011. Brandl is a lecturer in art history, painting, art theory and comics at the Art Academy of Liechtenstein in Nendeln, Liechtenstein and the Higher Technical Academy for Visual Art in St. Gallen, Switzerland.
Exhibitions and Publications.
Brandl is active internationally as an artist since 1980, has won various awards, had many publications and had numerous exhibitions. His shows include galleries and museums in the US, Switzerland, Germany, Italy, Egypt, the Caribbean; specific cities include Paris, Moscow, Chicago, Los Angeles and New York. As a critic, he is a frequent contributor to London’s "The Art Book" and is a Contributing Editor for New York’s "Art in America". He has frequently collaborated with fellow former Pekinite Th. Emil Homerin. Brandl is also a member of the Sharkpack artists' group founded by artist Wesley Kimler and is a contributor to "Sharkforum," a critical website concerning art and contributes to the renowned art critical podcast "Bad at Sports". Due to his participation in "Sharkforum", "Bad At Sports", "Art in America" and exhibitions, Brandl has become highly visible once again in the Chicago and New York art worlds, as well as in Europe. His most recent exhibitions include a painting-installation in St. Gallen Switzerland and Berlin, Germany and a performance-art lecture in documenta 13 in Kassel, Germany in 2012.
Collections.
He is also the curator of The Collapsible Kunsthalle. Recently works of his have been acquired by the Museum of Modern Art in New York, Victoria and Albert Museum in London, the Whitney Museum of American Art in New York, the Museum of Contemporary Art in Chicago, the St. Gallen Art Museum, The Thurgau Museum of Fine Art, The E.T.H. Graphic Collection in Zurich, The Museum of Contemporary Art in Los Angeles, the National Museum of Cartoon Art, the Art Museum Olten and others.

</doc>
<doc id="2838625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838625" title="Addicted (Simple Plan song)">
Addicted (Simple Plan song)

"Addicted" is the third single by the Canadian pop punk band Simple Plan from their debut album "No Pads, No Helmets... Just Balls".
It is featured on the Karaoke Revolution video game.
Charts.
"Addicted" became Simple Plan's first top 50 hit. On August 9, 2003, it peaked at #45 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. Later, it became a 2004 release in Australia where it peaked in the top 10.

</doc>
<doc id="2838626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838626" title="Hachiwara">
Hachiwara

The (also "kabuto wari" or "hachi wari"), meaning "helmet breaker" or "skull breaker" 
Types.
"Hachiwara" were usually around 350mm long, some larger versions are around 450mm long. There were two types of "hachiwara":
Dirk type hachiwara.
One type of "hachiwara" was forged with a sharp dirk like point, to parry an opponent's sword, to hook the cords of armor or a helmet, or like a can opener to separate armor plates. The sharp point could pierce unprotected or weak areas of an opponent's armor like the armpit area. The blade of this type of hachiwara was a curved tapered square iron or steel bar with a hook on its back edge. In combat one could parry and catch a blade with that hook, as with a jitte. 
Some "hachiwara" of this type were mounted in the style of a tanto with a koshirae.
Truncheon type hachiwara.
The other type of "hachiwara" was a blunt, cast iron or forged truncheon like weapon resembling a tekkan or a jitte. This type of hachiwara had the same basic shape as the dirk type hachiwara including the hook, but it was usually blunt and not meant for stabbing.
Use.
It would appear that tales of samurai breaking open a kabuto ("helmet") are more folklore than anything else. The hachi (helmet bowl) is the central component of a kabuto, it is made of pie-piece shaped plates of steel or iron riveted together at the sides and at the top to a large, thick grommet of sorts called a tehen-no-kanamono, and at the bottom to a metal strip that encircles the hachi. This would require enormous pressure to split open. This idea that the "hachiwara" was somehow able to smash or damage a helmet "kabuto" is most probably a misinterpretation of the name which could have several meanings, as "hachi" could mean skull or helmet bowl and "wari" could mean, split, rip,crack or smash.
In modern times there is no Ryū ("School, Style") known to train with hachiwara, although certain dojos within Bujinkan Budo Taijutsu still train with them, as an extension of jittejutsu. A number of weapons retailers in Japan still sell usable "hachiwara".

</doc>
<doc id="2838630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838630" title="The Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria">
The Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria

The Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria (often called The Global Fund or GFATM) is an international financing organization that aims to "and disburse additional resources to prevent and treat HIV and AIDS, tuberculosis and malaria." A public–private partnership, the organization has its secretariat in Geneva, Switzerland. The organization began operations in January 2002. Microsoft founder Bill Gates was one of the first private foundations among many bilateral donors to provide seed money for the project.
The Global Fund is the world's largest financier of anti-AIDS, TB and malaria programs and by mid-2012 has approved funding of USD 22.9 billion that supports more than 1,000 programs in 151 countries. According to the organization, it has financed the distribution of 270 million insecticide-treated nets to combat malaria, provided anti-tuberculosis treatment for 9.3 million people, and provided AIDS treatment for some 3.6 million people. In 2009, the Fund accounted for around 20 percent of international public funding for HIV, 65 percent for tuberculosis, and 65 percent for malaria.
The Global Fund is a financing mechanism rather than an implementing agency. This means that monitoring of programs is supported by a Secretariat of approximately over 400 staff (as of mid-2012) in Geneva. Implementation is overseen by Country Coordinating Mechanisms, committees consisting of in-country stakeholders that need to include, according to GFATM requirements, a broad spectrum of government, NGOs, UN, faith-based, private sector and people living with the disease. This has kept the GFATM Secretariat smaller than other international bureaucracies, yet it has also raised concerns about conflict of interest, as some of the stakeholders represented on the CCMs may also receive money from the GFATM, either as Principal Recipients, Subrecipients, private persons (e.g. for travel or participation at seminars) or contractors.
Fundraising.
Since the Fund was created in 2002, public sector pledges have totaled USD 28.3 billion (95 percent of all pledges). The remaining USD 1.6 billion (5 percent) has been pledged from the private sector or other financing initiatives. The Fund states that from 2002 to 2015, 54 donor governments have pledged a total of USD 28.3 billion and paid USD 17.2 billion. From 2001 through 2010, the largest contributor by far has been the United States, followed by France, Japan, Germany, and the United Kingdom. The donor nations with the largest percent of gross national income contributed to the Fund from 2008 through 2010 are Sweden, France, Norway, the Netherlands, and Spain.
The global financial crisis has significantly impacted the fund. The Fund stated in May 2011 that it was short by USD 1.3 billion for 2011 through 2013, seeking at least USD 13 billion to cover minimum estimated needs but only holding pledges of USD 11.7 billion. The organization was also adversely affected by revelations of USD 25 million missing from community programs in four nations in Africa, which caused Sweden and Germany to suspend their donations until the completion of audit in 2011.
Creation.
The genesis of the Global Fund emerged during discussions between donor and multilateral agencies toward the end of 1999, leading up to the July 2000 G8 Summit in Okinawa, Japan. During that time, under the leadership of World Health Organization (WHO) Director-General Gro Harlem Brundtland and WHO Deputy Director General David Nabarro, discussions were initiated with donors other UN agencies concerning the creation of a new global health fund to help achieve these targets. Just prior to the Summit, WHO publicly called for a "massive effort to tackle infectious diseases" and for creation of "a new mechanism to take proven interventions to scale. The mechanism would achieve internationally agreed targets to cut TB and malaria mortality by 50%, and HIV infection by 25%."
The concept for this WHO initiative – initially called the Massive Attack on Diseases of Poverty (or sometimes just “MAD-OP,” for its ambitious aspirations) – was for the first time shared by the WHO Director-General’s office with its entire Cabinet on December 20, 1999. The original concept suggested tackling “malaria, tuberculosis, unsafe pregnancy, AIDS, diarrhoeal diseases, acute respiratory infections and measles.” It also called for increased efforts to eradicate or eliminate Guinea Worm, polio and leprosy by 2005, and make “monumental improvements in the delivery of effective and responsive health care." In a subsequent memo to WHO Cabinet Members and Regional Directors on March 14, 2000, the concept paper included reference to potentially new resource mobilization possibilities, noting that, “Partners could indicate that they are preparing to be in a position to handle at least (an additional) $15 billion over the next five years.” By that time, the concept had evolved to concentrate on a smaller group of illnesses: TB, HIV/AIDS, malaria, unsafe childbirth and vaccine preventable diseases.
By the time of the G8 Experts’ Meeting on Global Health Issues, April 19–20, 2000 in Tokyo, the group of diseases had been narrowed even further. “The discussion focused on the three major infectious and parasitic diseases, HIV/AIDS, TB, and malaria which were identified as the highest priority areas among others through the G8 process.”
At the Okinawa Summit, G8 nations for the first time established measurable global targets for addressing AIDS, TB and malaria. Immediately following the Summit, WHO went on record stating that the G8’s commitment to fight AIDS, TB and malaria would cost at least $25 billion over the next five years, suggesting that 60 percent of this funding should be spent on HIV/AIDS, and the rest evenly split for campaigns against TB and malaria.
In July 2000 at the XIII International AIDS Conference, 2000 Professor Jeffrey D. Sachs, then Chairman of the WHO Commission on Macroeconomics and Health, called for a global fund to fight AIDS. On September 28, 2000, the European Commission, WHO and UNAIDS announced that they were taking a common stand against the epidemics of HIV/AIDS, TB and malaria in the developing world. “I want to see the EU playing a larger and more effective role in assisting developing countries to confront these epidemics,” said the President of the Commission, Romano Prodi.
In October 2000, WHO and the city of Winterthur, Switzerland convened a Massive Effort Advocacy Forum to engage over 200 public agencies, private sector and civil society organization in a process of building ownership and support to massively scale up donor funding to fight diseases of poverty. The city of Winterthur agreed to pay for the venue and lodging of all Massive Effort guests. Speakers included Brundtland and Swiss President Ruth Dreifuss, in addition to Prof. Jeffrey Sachs via satellite. This subsequently led to WHO, Credit Suisse/Winterthur Group and the Swiss/Kenyan NGO Double Incentive Project (DIP) establishing and funding the Massive Effort Campaign, for the short term purposes of igniting, jump starting and building global support the fight against AIDS, TB and malaria.
For its initial year in WHO's parlance, the concept of a "massive effort" was a thunder clap that drew many important decision makers into the discussion. But as the creation of a well-resourced Global Fund grew more realistic, the phrase increasingly began to sound to some ears as foreshadowing of a WHO proprietary initiative, which was not the organization's intent. The phrase was gradually abandoned within WHO, and led to the Massive Effort being spun off as a new AIDS, TB & malaria advocacy NGO.
During the final months of 2000 and early 2001, political jockeying over who might host the Global Fund intensified. Many initially assumed hosting the Global Fund was WHO's end game. On August 19, 2000, "The Washington Post" reported that "Clinton Signs Bill Establishing Global Fund to Fight AIDS," effectively intending to locate it inside the World Bank.
According to "The Washington Post", "President Clinton signed a bill today that sets up a global trust fund for AIDS patients that has been likened to a kind of Marshall Plan against the infectious disease." Soon thereafter, UNICEF's Carol Bellamy suggested that UNICEF was better equipped to know "How to Distribute AIDS Drugs" in her March 2001 "The New York Times" op-ed.
An article published in the British medical journal "The Lancet" by Harvard academics Amir Attaran and Jeffrey Sachs in January 2001 called for an order of magnitude increase in foreign aid budgets for HIV/AIDS, over those the researchers documented in the 1990s. Attaran and Sachs proposed a new funding stream of $7.5 billion or more to fund projects proposed and desired by the affected countries themselves, and that a panel of independent scientific experts validates as having epidemiological merit against the pandemic. Attaran and Sachs also recommended that the new funding stream "must be based on grants, not loans, for the poorest countries", unlike the World Bank, which was the largest multilateral HIV/AIDS funder then existing.
On April 21, GlaxoSmithKline CEO Jean-Pierre Garnier called for a "Marshall Plan" to fight AIDS in Africa. This followed on an announcement by 38 pharmaceutical companies that they would drop their challenge to prevent South Africa from providing cheaper generic ARVs.
On April 23, 2001, an informal meeting of "stakeholders including some G8 and non-G8 members, representing different constituencies," was hosted by DFID and CIDA in London, to discuss the proposed “Global Fund for Health and AIDS.” A number of potential options were on the table, including the "Ottawa Fund," a UNAIDS concept paper submitted on behalf of all UN agencies, and a proposal by Italy, which was about to host the upcoming G8 Summit. According to the minutes of the meeting, the aspirations of the group were to focus on HIV/AIDS, malaria and TB, with the potential to expand to other health conditions including children’s illnesses and maternal health. This fund would be characterized by “highly visible operating systems, transparency of processes, the relentless pursuit of results, speedy disbursement, support for a diversity of service providers (including faith-based organizations) under common (usually national government) stewardship. Investors would be able to top predict the likely impact of their investments.” It was noted the following week in a video conference with the UN Secretary General's office that, with the possible exception of France, "none of the bilaterals are keen to support an HIV/AIDS specific fund." Canada, Japan The Netherlands, and the EC were most interested on focusing on the three diseases, with the UK, Italy and Sweden potentially wanting a broader mandate, and with Denmark, Norway and Germany being unclear about their positions.
On April 26, 2001, in Abuja, Nigeria, at the urging of a wide range of parties—and particularly due to the emerging consensus among bilateral and UN agencies, the UN Secretary General Kofi Annan made the first explicit public call by a highly visible global leader for this new funding mechanism, proposing "the creation of a Global Fund, dedicated to the battle against HIV/AIDS and other infectious diseases." A month later, "The Economist" editorialized that "...the fund itself must not be devoured by a voracious UN bureaucracy. Mr Annan wants an independent board to administer the money... (and that) the amount of money needed, after all, is not huge: it is about half America's annual spending on pot-plants and flowers."
The first private contribution to the Global Fund was made by Kofi Annan. Having just been named the recipient of the 2001 Philadelphia Liberty Medal on May 3, 2001 Annan announced that he would donate his US$ 100,000 award to the Global Fund "war chest" he had just proposed creating. On May 8, the International Olympic Committee also made a US$ 100,000 contribution to the Global Fund.
In an address during WHO's World Health Assembly on May 15, 2001, WHO Director-General Gro Harlem Brundtland described the challenges of going to scale smartly yet rapidly. "The timetable is necessarily a tight one. You might say that we are going to have to sail in the boat, while we are still building it. But the world is not going to wait while we get every detail in place." There was strong pressure that the Global Fund become operational by the year's end."
On May 31, France became the second bilateral donor after the US to announce a contribution to the Global Fund. This initial pledge was for US$ 127 million.
South Africa's Minister of Health gave notice that support from the Global Fund might not be welcomed in the single country home to the most HIV infections. "South African Health Minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang told the conference a global fund being set up to fight AIDS, TB and malaria should not be used to force AIDS advisers on the region.
'We know what AIDS is and we know what is happening here. The region has its own experts on AIDS,' she said.
Early resistance to the promise of the Global Fund wasn't limited to Manto during the first week of June 2001. Andrew Natsios, head of the U.S. Agency for International Development, told "The Boston Globe" that Africans were incapable of following complicated, multi-drug AIDS treatment, which requires taking different pills at specified times of day, because many of them "don't know what Western time is." According to Natsios, "Many people in Africa have never seen a clock or a watch their entire lives, . . . they know morning, they know evening, they know the darkness at night."
Beginning of June 2001, the Massive Effort Campaign mobilized the first larger corporate contribution to the Global Fund from Credit Suisse/Winterthur Group for US$ 1 million. 
On June 19, 2001, the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation committed $100 million, spread over a few years. Signaling that stopping the transmission of AIDS was the foundation's top global health priority, the Foundation announced that it would commit $100 million to the Global Fund over a multi-year period. The foundation also used the occasion to call on other organizations and governments around the world to support the new fund. Additionally, by the end of June, the UN Foundation set up a new mechanism for channeling private donations to the Global Fund.
The decision to create the new funding mechanism was expected to be taken by heads of state at the 2001 G8 Summit in Genoa (Italy), at the urging of United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan, and largely along the lines WHO, Attaran and Sachs described. The United Nations system had been considered ill-conceived to implement a major increase in development funding. Multiple organizations were converging with small-scale projects on countries with limited institutional capacities, which exacerbated a series of problems, including poor coordination, duplication, high transaction costs, limited country ownership and lack of alignment with country systems.
Before the start of the Genoa G8, the United States, Britain and Japan had already contributed $200 million each, France had committed $127 million, and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation had committed $100 million. On July 13, Germany announced its contribution to the Global Fund amounting to US$ 131 million. On July 18, Canada committed US$ 100 million and the European Commission agreed to a Euro 120 million contribution. On July 20, Russia contributed $20 million.
The G8 didn't disappoint in calling for the creation of the Global Fund, although pledges were significantly lower than the $7 to $10 billion annually called for by Kofi Annan. According to the G8’s final communique, “At Okinawa last year, we pledged to make a quantum leap in the fight against infectious diseases and to break the vicious cycle between disease and poverty. To meet that commitment and to respond to the appeal of the UN General Assembly, we have launched with the UN Secretary-General a new Global Fund to fight HIV/AIDS, malaria and tuberculosis. We are determined to make the Fund operational before the end of the year. We have committed $1.3 billion. The Fund will be a public-private partnership and we call on other countries, the private sector, foundations, and academic institutions to join with their own contributions - financially, in kind and through shared expertise.”
In July 2001, Kofi Annan appointed Ugandan cabinet minister Crispus Kiyonga to chair the Transitional Working Group that would establish the Global Fund. The Transitional Working Group was composed of representatives from more than 40 countries, UN agencies, the World Bank, private groups and NGOs, and met for the first time in Brussels on October 11–12.
The September 11 attacks created serious challenges for the Global Fund. In the three months prior to 9/11, the "New York Times" had expressed its support for fully financing the Global Fund in four separate editorials; it wouldn't be until three months after 9/11 that it would again editorialize in support of the Global Fund.[{Results from a search through the LexisNexis data base for results related to the Global Fund appearing in New York Times editorials}] According to Timothy Wirth, former US Senator and head of the UN Foundation, "The attacks had a very damaging impact on funding, and we have to get everyone moving again to rebuild that momentum. The victims of Sept. 11, beyond the direct victims of the violence, have been the world's poorest people, particularly those with AIDS. The United States cannot say to the rest of the world, 'Help us' (in fighting terrorism) when we're not willing to help the rest of the world."
A key piece of evidence arguing for the importance of the Global Fund was delivered on December 20, 2001, when the Commission on Macroeconomics and Health made its findings public. Created by WHO's Brundtland and chaired by Sachs, the report promised that "A drastic scaling up of investments in health for the world’s poor will not only save millions of lives but also produce enormous economic gains." This report was particularly timely in reengaging journalists and refocusing the attention of policy makers on diseases of poverty and the emerging Global Fund, months following 9/11.
Officially operational in 2002, the Global Fund was intended to introduce a new aid paradigm based on partner country leadership, donor alignment with partner countries' development strategies, harmonization of donor actions, managing for results, and donor and partner being mutually accountable for results. This was subsequently conceptualized by the OECD in its 2004 Paris Declaration on 'aid effectiveness'.
The Global Fund's initial 18-member policy-setting board held its first meeting on January 28–29, 2002, and issued its first call for proposals. The first Secretariat was established in January 2002 with Paul Ehmer serving as team leader, soon replaced by Anders Nordstrom of Sweden who became the Fund's interim executive director. By the time the Global Fund Secretariat became operational, the Fund had already received $1.9 billion in pledges. In the months to follow, the Bush Administration was sharply criticized in the media for promising to pledge only $200 million a year. However, within months, under the leadership of President George W. Bush, the President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR) was created with bipartisan support from Congress, becoming the largest commitment by any nation to combat AIDS, tuberculosis and malaria. Fifteen billion dollars was given to a five-year plan running from 2003-2008.
At its inception, the Fund was adamant that it would not be about "business as usual," but would be grounded in "tough love" as it wrote its checks. On February 14, 2002, "The Wall Street Journal" headlined that the "Disease Fund Plans Tough Standards." In the article, a Bush administration official is quoted saying, "We envision a level of fiscal accountability . . . that’s unheard of in international development assistance."
In March 2002, a panel of international public health experts was named to begin reviewing project proposals that same month. In April 2002, the Global Fund awarded its first batch of grants - worth $378 million – to fight the three diseases in 31 countries.
Leadership.
Richard Feachem was named as its first Executive Director in April 2002 and was about to get off to a rocky start days before the opening of the July 2002 International AIDS Conference in Barcelona, a bi-annual meeting attended by tens of thousands of the world's leading AIDS researchers, implementers, care givers and activists. According to John Donnelly of "The Boston Globe", "Richard G.A. Feachem, about to become the first director of the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria, is already under fire from activists who want him to quit for saying the fund has "plenty" of money to start. At a critical time in the fight against the three killer infectious diseases, and on the eve of the 14th International AIDS Conference in Barcelona, Feachem is set to begin building an organization almost from scratch while fending off the activists." During this defining moment, the Massive Effort Campaign, the activist NGO created, contracted and entrusted to ensure the Global Fund's successful launch throughout its first four years, was able to help prevent the Global Fund from being killed in its crib.
Feachem served from July 2002 until March 31, 2007. Michel Kazatchkine was then selected over the Global Fund’s architect, David Nabarro, even though Nabarro was “considered the strongest of three shortlisted candidates to head the Global Fund ... A selection committee has evaluated the three nominees' qualifications and ranked ‘Nabarro first, Kazatchkine second and (Alex) Cotinho third,’ according to a Fund source.”
Eventually, Michel Kazatchkine, a public health expert with over 20 years of experience in the field, was selected to be the Global Fund's second Executive Director. The September 2005 conference in London mobilized 3 billion euro, just over half the pledges at the Gleneagles G8 summit. On September 21, 2011, the AIDS Health Foundation called for Kazatchkine's resignation in the wake isolated yet unprecedented reports of "waste, fraud, and corruption" in order that "reforms may begin in earnest.” On January 24, 2012, Michel Kazatchkine ultimately declared his resignation, following the decision made by the Global Fund Board in November, 2011 to appoint a General Manager, leaving Dr. Kazatchkine’s role to that of chief fund-raiser and public advocate.
Following Dr. Kazatchkine’s resignation, the Global Fund announced the appointment of Gabriel Jaramillo, the former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Sovereign Bank, to the newly created position of General Manager. Jaramillo, who had retired one year earlier had since served as a Special Advisor to the Office of the Special Envoy for Malaria of the Secretary General of the United Nations, and was a Member of the High-Level, Independent Panel that looked at the Global Fund’s fiduciary controls and oversight mechanisms. Jaramillo immediately took full charge in reorganizing and reducing Global Fund staff in response to the previous year's critics of the Global Fund.
Dr. Mark R. Dybul was appointed Executive Director of the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, TB and Malaria on November 15, 2012. He previously served as the United States Global AIDS Coordinator, leading the implementation of the President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR) from 2006 to 2009.
Operations.
The Global Fund provides initial grant funding on the basis of the technical quality of applications, as evaluated by an independent Technical Review Panel. The Fund assesses implementation capacity of the applicants through a contracted ´Local Fund Agent´ - in most countries one of the international financial audit companies - before providing the financing. Grants are signed for an initial period of two years. It provides funding to programs based on achievement towards agreed indicators and actual expenses. The performance and expenses are periodically reviewed by the ´Local Fund Agent´.
The objective of the Global Fund — to provide funding to countries on the basis of performance — was supposed to make it different from other international agencies at the time of its inception. Other organizations may have staff that assist with the implementation of grants. However, the Global Fund's five-year evaluation concluded that without a standing body of technical staff, the Global Fund is not able to ascertain the actual results of its projects. It has therefore tended to look at disbursements or the purchase of inputs as performance. It also became apparent shortly after the Global Fund opened that a pure funding mechanism could not work on its own, and it began relying on other agencies (notably WHO) to support countries in designing and drafting their proposals and in supporting implementation. UNDP, in particular, bears responsibility for supporting Global Fund-financed projects in dozens of countries. As a result, the Fund is most accurately described as a financial supplement to the existing global health architecture rather than as a separate approach.
Bilateral donors pledged millions (in some cases billions) of US dollars in support of Global Fund programs. The originally innovative approach to its financing principles was considered key to its success. Since its inception, the Global Fund has committed US $22.9 billion to more than 1,000 grants in 151 countries (as of June 2012).
In March 2010, Dow Jones Indexes signed a memorandum with The Global Fund to explore the creation of co-branded indexes that could be licensed as the basis for investment products. The Global Fund aims to strengthen its engagement with the private sector, while the Dow seeks to add to its range of socially conscious indexes.
The Global Fund became incorporated as a Foundation under Swiss law. It is a new kind of public-private partnership but is often confused as being part of the United Nations family. This may be because until January 1, 2009 Global Fund staff were officially World Health Organization (WHO) staff members and besides this the World Health Organization (WHO) provided administrative services to the Global Fund secretariat and is also based in Geneva, Switzerland.
Effective January 1, 2009, the Global Fund became an administratively autonomous organization, terminating its administrative services agreement with the World Health Organization (WHO).
In March 2009, the head of the Fund criticized statements made by Pope Benedict XVI, according to whom AIDS "cannot be overcome through the distribution of condoms, which even aggravates the problems."
Replenishment phase.
As of 2010, the Global Fund has entered its 'replenishment phase', i.e. it needs funders to commit themselves to continued financing. Alarms have been raised prior to the 2010 October meeting about a looming deficit in funding, which would lead to people currently undergoing ARV treatment losing access to this - increasing the chance of them becoming resistant to treatment. UNAIDS Executive Director Michel Sidibé has dubbed the scenario of a funding deficit an "HIV Nightmare".
In 2010, the Global Fund has stated that it needed at least 20 billion dollars in 2011-13, and 13 billion just to "allow for the continuation of funding of existing programs". Its 2001-2010 budget includes 19,4 billion dollars, with 600 interventions in 145 countries and 5.7 million lives saved.
Italy, founding member of the Fund seating in its administrative committee, announced at the Aquila 2009 G8 Summit a "una tantum" contribution of 30 million €. Both the "una tantum" and the 2009 and 2010 contributions (130 million € each) have not been disbursed (in fall 2010), for a total debt of 290 million €.
At the October 2010 replenishing meeting $11.8 billion USD was mobilized, with the USA being the largest contributor - followed by France, Germany and Japan. The Global Fund has said that the $1.2 billion USD lack in funding will "lead to difficult decisions in the next three years that could slow down the effort to beat the three diseases".
In 2011, the organization's internal investigation identified 13 countries, most in Africa, where several million dollars' worth of antimalarial drugs where stolen and presumably sold on the black market. A Global Fund spokesman confirmed that the organization suspected malaria drug valued at USD 2.5 million were stolen from Togo, Tanzania, Sierra Leone, Swaziland, and Cambodia from 2009 to 2011, with some cases earlier. Investigations were continuing to determine the amount of theft in other countries.
In November 2011, the Fund's board cancelled all new grants for 2012, only having enough money to support existing grants.
However, following the Global Fund’s May 2012 board meeting, it announced that an additional $1.6 billion would be available in the 2012-14 period for investment in projects that save lives.
Corruption and misuse of funds.
In January 2011, the Associated Press reported vast corruption in programs financed by the Global Fund. The article cited findings of the GFATM OIG office that up to 2/3 of funds in some of the reviewed Global Fund’s grants were lost to fraud and the OIG report showed that systematic fraud patterns have been used across countries. GFATM responded to the AP story with a news release on January 24, 2011, stating that, "The Global Fund has zero tolerance for corruption and actively seeks to uncover any evidence of misuse of its funds. It deploys some of the most rigorous procedures to detect fraud and fight corruption of any organization financing development."
In the days following the AP story, a number of op-eds, including one by Michael Gerson which was published in the Washington Post on February 4, 2011, sought to put the controversy surrounding the misuse of Global Fund grants in perspective. In his op-ed, Gerson stated, "The two-thirds figure applies to one element of one country's grant - the single most extreme example in the world. Investigations are ongoing, but the $34 million in fraud that has been exposed represents about three-tenths of 1 percent of the money the fund has distributed. The targeting of these particular cases was not random; they were the most obviously problematic, not the most typical."
These newly uncovered misuses of funds were investigated and made public by the Global Fund Inspector General's Office (OIG), an auditing unit independent from the Global Fund Secretariat that manages the disbursements of funds to the programs (the selection of new applications for grants is done by the Technical Review panel and the GFATM Board - both independent entities from the GFATM secretariat). This point was also highlighted by Gerson in his February 4, 2011, op-ed where he noted, "The irony here is thick. These cases of corruption were not exposed by an enterprising journalist. They were revealed by the fund itself. The inspector general's office reviewed 59,000 documents in the case of Mali alone, then provided the findings to prosecutors in that country. Fifteen officials in Mali have been arrested and imprisoned. The outrage at corruption in foreign aid is justified. But this is what accountability and transparency in foreign aid look like. The true scandal is decades of assistance in which such corruption was assumed instead of investigated and exposed." The GFATM Secretariat has posted a series of news releases on the GFATM website to publish their views on these dealings.
The OIG has been newly reinforced and was created during 2005, three years after the GFATM was founded.
During these investigation the U.N. Development Program (UNDP) that manages and supervises a large proportion (12%) of the fund's spending as a Primary Recipient (primary responsible for the execution of a GFATM grant under GFATM terminology) has claimed diplomatic immunity and contractual clauses to limit the GFATM Inspector General´s access to internal audits and books of investigated programs in the more than two dozen nations.
The OIG has only examined a small percentage of the grants so far. Previous reviews of grants and the organization have shown substantial misconduct in some programs, lack of adequate risk management and operational inefficiency of the Global Fund.
Severe cases of corruption have been found in several African countries such as Mali, Mauritania, Djibouti and Zambia. Global Fund spokesman, Jon Liden, said; "The messenger is being shot to some extent. We would contend that we do not have any corruption problems that are significantly different in scale or nature to any other international financing institution." Subsequent Global Fund statements have omitted any reference to other agencies.
In response to the findings, Sweden, the fund's 11th-biggest contributor, has suspended its $85 million annual donation until the corruption problems are resolved. Together with Sweden, Germany, the 3rd biggest contributor to the fund has also blocked any financing until a special investigation has been completed.
These findings come on top of previously discovered massive abuse of funds, corruption and mismanagement in a series of grants that forced the GFATM to suspend or terminate these grants after such dealings became publicly known with Uganda, Zimbabwe, Philippines, Ukraine being the largest of these grants (more than US$ 100 million each).
The story widened in February 2011 when the Financial Times reported that the fund’s board of directors had failed to act previously on concerns over accountability, including the conclusion of an ex­ternal evaluation in 2009 which criticized the Fund's weak procurement practices. Warnings of inadequate controls had also been reported periodically. In Feb. 2011 the FT also reported that its own review found that neither Global Fund staff nor the Local Fund Agents (the entities entrusted with audit-like tasks at country level) had noticed the deficiencies reported by the Inspector General.
Financing, major donations and administration.
The GFATM is almost completely funded by contributions from the largest developed nations governments / tax payers. GFATM audited annual returns show that currently more than 96% of its yearly contributions are received from government organizations. Its largest private contributor by far is the Gates Foundation.
10th anniversary.
On January 26, 2012, the Global Fund celebrated its 10th anniversary at a special event hosted by Bill Gates and Ban Ki-Moon in Davos during the annual World Economic Forum annual meeting. Earlier the same day at a press conference in Davos, Bill Gates announced a new contribution of $750 million from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation to the Global Fund. In addition, some of the Global Fund’s best-known supporters and advocates including Bono, Bill Clinton, Ban Ki-Moon, Bill Gates, Tony Blair, Jeffrey Sachs, and Gro Harlem Brundtland appeared in a video and series of portraits celebrating 10 years of Global Fund impact and calling for continuing action on the Fund’s 10th birthday. Another 10th anniversary video was also released the same week, produced by "Auntie Retroviral," in which the Global Fund's ten most harmful "villains" were exposed.

</doc>
<doc id="2838631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838631" title="IEEE 802.11p">
IEEE 802.11p

IEEE 802.11p is an approved amendment to the IEEE 802.11 standard to add wireless access in vehicular environments (WAVE), a vehicular communication system. It defines enhancements to 802.11 (the basis of products marketed as Wi-Fi) required to support Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITS) applications. This includes data exchange between high-speed vehicles and between the vehicles and the roadside infrastructure in the licensed ITS band of 5.9 GHz (5.85-5.925 GHz). IEEE 1609 is a higher layer standard based on the IEEE 802.11p.
Description.
At some point, 802.11p was considered for dedicated short-range communications (DSRC), a U.S. Department of Transportation project based on the Communications, Air-interface, Long and Medium range (CALM) architecture of the International Organization for Standardization for vehicle-based communication networks, particularly for applications such as toll collection, vehicle safety services, and commerce transactions via cars. The ultimate vision was a nationwide network that enables communications between vehicles and roadside access points or other vehicles. This work built on its predecessor ASTM E2213-03 from ASTM International.
In Europe, 802.11p was used as a basis for the ITS-G5 standard, supporting the GeoNetworking protocol for vehicle to vehicle and vehicle to infrastructure communication. 
ITS G5 and GeoNetworking is being standardised by the European Telecommunications Standards Institute group for Intelligent Transport Systems.
Context.
As the communication link between the vehicles and the roadside infrastructure might exist for only a short amount of time, the IEEE 802.11p amendment defines a way to exchange data through that link without the need to establish a basic service set (BSS), and thus, without the need to wait for the association and authentication procedures to complete before exchanging data. For that purpose, IEEE 802.11p enabled stations uses the wildcard BSSID (a value of all 1s) in the header of the frames they exchange, and may start sending and receiving data frames as soon as they arrive on the communication channel.
Because such stations are neither associated nor authenticated, the authentication and data confidentiality mechanisms provided by the IEEE 802.11 standard (and its amendments) cannot be used. These kinds of functionality must then be provided by higher network layers.
Timing advertisement.
This amendment adds a new management frame for timing advertisement, which allows IEEE 802.11p enabled stations to synchronize themselves with a common time reference. The only time reference defined in the IEEE 802.11p amendment is UTC.
Receiver performances.
Some optional enhanced channel rejection requirements (for both adjacent and nonadjacent channels) are specified in this amendment in order to improve the immunity of the communication system to out-of-channel interferences. They only apply to OFDM transmissions in the 5GHz band used by the IEEE 802.11a physical layer.
Frequency band.
IEEE 802.11p standard uses channels of 10MHz bandwidth in the 5.9GHz band (5.850-5.925 GHz). This is half the bandwidth, or double the transmission time for a specific data symbol, as used in 802.11a. This allows the receiver to better cope with the characteristics of the radio channel in vehicular communications environments, e.g. the signal echoes reflected from other cars or houses.
History.
The 802.11p Task Group was formed in November 2004. Lee Armstrong was chair and Wayne Fisher technical editor. Drafts were developed from 2005 through 2009.
By April 2010 draft 11 was approved by 99% affirmative votes and no comments.
The approved amendment was published July 15, 2010.
Its title was "Amendment 6: Wireless Access in Vehicular Environments".
In August 2008 the European Commission allocated part of the 5.9 GHz band for priority road safety applications and inter-vehicle, infrastructure communications. The intention is that compatibility with the USA will be ensured even if the allocation is not exactly the same; frequencies will be sufficiently close to enable the use of the same antenna and radio transmitter/receiver.
Simulations published in 2010 predict delays of at the most tens of milliseconds for high-priority traffic.

</doc>
<doc id="2838633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838633" title="Perfect (Simple Plan song)">
Perfect (Simple Plan song)

"Perfect" is the fourth and final single taken from Simple Plan's debut album, "No Pads, No Helmets... Just Balls".
The acoustic version of the song was featured on the soundtrack of the 2004 comedy film "Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen" which stars Lindsay Lohan. The album version was featured in the game "Karaoke Revolution Volume 2".
Music video.
In the music video of the single, the band are playing on the roof of a house. Throughout the video, it shows how teens are trying to escape such pressure by letting everything out, and finally realizing that they can't keep their pain in any longer.
In an acoustic version of the song, the band are seen talking before they play. Bassist David Desrosiers says 'This is about me' before the band starts to play.
The music video was directed by Liz Friedlander.
Chart performance.
"Perfect" became Simple Plan's biggest hit on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 peaking at the #24 position on 9 December 2003. It was also another top 10 hit in Australia peaking at number 6. The song also topped the American Top 40. It was #1 in Brazil in 2006, when its live version was released. The song was also used in an episode of "Girlfriends".

</doc>
<doc id="2838635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838635" title="Bekkestua">
Bekkestua

Bekkestua is a town in the municipality of Bærum, Norway, with a busy bus terminal and a station on one of Oslo's westbound T-bane lines, Kolsåsbanen. It also has its own library, McDonalds, police station and fire station. It has grown to be the second largest centre of the municipality after Sandvika, with small restaurants and shopping centres.
Nadderud stadion (stadium), was until recently and for many years the home ground of the Stabæk I.F. football club is at walking distance from Bekkestua. It was opened in 1961 as a sporting ground for the Nadderud Gymnas (High School). This high school was later demolished to give space to an extended stadium.
The Oslo International School, often referred to as the British Primary School in the Oslo area, is located next to Nadderud stadion.

</doc>
<doc id="2838642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838642" title="Ebenau">
Ebenau

Ebenau is a municipality in the district of Salzburg-Umgebung in the state of Salzburg in Austria.
Tourism.
The municipality lies in the Salzkammergut region directly east of the city of Salzburg and is noted for its spectacular scenery, including several canyons. Hiking and canyoning opportunities are plentiful.
References.
Katastralgemeinden sind: Ebenau, Hinterebenau, Hinterwinkl, Unterberg, Vorderschroffenau

</doc>
<doc id="2838644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838644" title="Janjgir–Champa district">
Janjgir–Champa district

Janjgir–Champa is a district in the Indian state of Chhattisgarh and is a small developing district. The District Headquarters Janjgir of the district Janjgir–Champa is the city of Maharaja Jajawalya Dev of Kulchury dynasty. Earlier a part of the Bilaspur district, Jangir was carved out in 1998 to a separate district of its own, and ran to a political controversy about the name of the freshly minted district, which it carries to date as the name "Janjgir–Champa". Inhabitants are generally migrants from nearby villages.
History.
The District was established on 25 May 1998, which is best known as The heart of Chhattisgarh because of its central locality in state. The Vishnu Mandir of the district reflects its golden past.
Geography.
The Hasdeo–Bango project has been considered as life supporting canal for this district. Under this project 3/4 area of the district will be covered for irrigation. The district headquarters of Janjgir–Champa is Janjgir, which is situated on National Highway 49. Janjgir is 43 km from Bilaspur and 152 km from State capital Raipur through the road route.
Administrative divisions.
Janjgir–Champa district is divided into five subdivisions: Champa, Dabhara, Janjgir, Pamgarh, and Sakti.
There are ten tahsils: Akaltara, Baloda, Champa, Dabhara, Jaijaipur, Janjgir, Malkharoda, Nawagarh, Pamgarh, and Sakti.
There are fifteen R.I. mandals: Akalatara, Baloda, Bamhindih, Champa, Chandrapur, Dabhara, Hasod, Jaijaipur, Janjgir, Malkharoda, Nawagarh, Pamgarh, Rahod, Sakti, and Shivarinarayan.
There are nine blocks/janpad panchayats: Akaltara, Baloda, Bamhindih, Dabhara, Jaijaipur, Malkharoda, Nawagarh, Pamgarh, and Sakti.
Economy.
Janjgir–Champa district is a major producer of food grains in the state. It is a major hub for agricultural trade and a major local market for fresh farm supplies and the district is also famous for lime stone.
Janjgir–Champa district is one of the fastest growing district of India, as 52 power plants are being opened in the district. Janjgir is going to become the "power hub" of our country, which will supply 15 to 20 thousand megawatt electricity. Wardha Power Plant(6 x 600 MW) which is 2nd biggest upcoming private thermal power plant of Asia is one of the major thermal power plant of the district.
Transport.
Railway.
District headquarters Janjgir is connected with Rail Line of South-Eastern Railway. It is situated on Howarah—Mumbai main line. State capital Raipur is 152 KM from Janjgir through Rail route. The main railway stations of district Janjgir–Champa are Champa, Naila and Akaltara. The railway station of Janjgir is called Naila after the part of the town in which it is located. There has been several unsuccessful attempts by the local inhabitants to rename it to Janjgir. Nevertheless, attempts are still on and might enjoy success in the future.
Demographics.
According to the 2011 census Janjgir–Champa has a population of 1,620,632, roughly equal to the nation of Guinea-Bissau or the US state of Idaho. This gives it a ranking of 308th in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 23.01%. Janjgir–Champa has a sex ratio of 991 females for every 1,000 males, and a literacy rate of 73.7%.
Culture.
The Vishnu Mandir is an ancient artistic sample of Vaishnav community.
Tourism and religious place.
Janjgir also carries an old world which is the essence of its existence. Janjgir has been the residence of Annie Funk, a Christian Missionary who lost her life in Titanic. Her house still lies deserted in the city and people often visit the ruins of her house. Further, the Nahariya Baba Temple, a temple dedicated to Lord Hanuman has always been a place of interest for the tourists. Durga mandir is located near the janjgir at sukali in middle of this village just like a heart of village. Manka Devi Mandir of Khokhra is also a peaceful and nicest place of district located between 2 big ponds. Major tourist places are Madanpurgarh, Rishabhtirth, and Vishnu Temple. And major religious place are Shivarinarayan, Kaleshwarnath (Pithampur), Chandrahasini (Chandrapur), Ashtabhuji (Adhbhar), and Laxmenshwar temple (Kharod).

</doc>
<doc id="2838649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838649" title="Beard's Roman Women">
Beard's Roman Women

"Beard's Roman Women" is a 1976 novel by British novelist Anthony Burgess.
Dated "Montalbuccio-Monte Carlo-Eze-Callian, Summer 1975", according to Burgess it was written in the back of his Bedford Dormobile and "partly in the bedroom of a small hotel run by Swiss homosexuals" ("You've Had Your Time").
The novel is set in Rome and is apparently based on Burgess's experience of being widowed in the mid-1960s.
Photographs in the original edition were by David Robinson.
Plot introduction.
Ronald Beard jets off to Hollywood and meets Paola Lucrezia Belli, an Italian photographer and descendant of the Roman dialect poet Giuseppe Gioacchino Belli. Various comic adventures ensue as the narrative switches to the Eternal City.
The book is an interesting companion piece to Burgess's next novel, "Abba Abba" (1977): the Roman setting (some 150 years apart), references to the poet Belli, and the focus on the Romantic poets. In "Abba Abba" John Keats is the main character; here it's Byron and Shelley as the subject of a screenplay by the main character.

</doc>
<doc id="2838660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838660" title="Foreign reaction to the Reconciliation, Tolerance, and Unity Bill (Fiji)">
Foreign reaction to the Reconciliation, Tolerance, and Unity Bill (Fiji)

The controversial Reconciliation, Tolerance, and Unity Bill being promoted by the Fijian government throughout 2005 has generated enormous debate, both locally and internationally. The legislation aims to establish a Commission empowered to compensate victims and pardon perpetrators of the coup d'état that deposed the elected government of Prime Minister Mahendra Chaudhry in May 2000. Support for the legislation has come from Japan, while New Zealand has opposed it. Australia, too, has expressed strong reservations about the legislation, but has also called on opponents of it, including the Military of Fiji, to show greater moderation. Non-governmental organizations in a number of countries have taken positions, also.
Australia.
Susan Boyd.
On 15 June 2005, Susan Boyd, Australia's former High Commissioner to Fiji, accused the Qarase government of promoting the controversial Reconciliation and Unity Bill for purely political purposes. The bill proposes the establishment of a Commission with the power (subject to presidential approval) to compensate victims and pardon perpetrators of the 2000 coup. Most of those imprisoned for offenses related to the 2000 coup, she told ABC Asia Pacific Focus, were members of the Conservative Alliance, whose six seats in the House of Representatives are crucial to maintaining the government's parliamentary majority. 
She said that the attempt to legislate reconciliation was overly simplistic. ""People have to make up for their misdeeds, apologies have to be accepted by those who are harmed, and the onus is really on those who have sinned, rather than the onus on those who have been sinned against,"" Boyd said. 
She paid tribute to Commodore Voreqe (Frank) Bainimarama, the commander of the Fijian Military. ""It was the military that really brought Fiji back onto the right track,"" she said. She expressed concern, however, that the ""tremendously widespread campaign against the bill,"" which Bainimarama and the military strongly oppose, could lead to another coup, as she saw an ongoing power struggle between the government and the military. ""The military commander Commodore Voreqe Bainimarama has always expressed himself that if government goes off the rails it is his job to restore the situation,"" Boyd said.
Boyd's remarks provoked an angry reaction from Prime Minister Qarase, as well as from Conservative Alliance Secretary Ropate Sivo. Qarase said on June 20 that the majority of the Fijian population, especially Christians, supported the bill. He said that Boyd's comments as a visitor were untrue and "irresponsible." Sivo, for his part, considered Boyd to be an inappropriate person to be commenting on the situation. He accused her and others in her position of having ""abandoned the sinking ship"" during the coup crisis. He also disputed her claim that Commodore Bainimarama had ended the crisis, saying that that was achieved through a traditional Fijian ceremony in Parliament.
Alexander Downer.
On a visit to Fiji from 28 to 30 September 2005, Australian Foreign Minister Alexander Downer cautioned both promoters and opponents of the legislation. He said that Australia was concerned about certain aspects of the bill, especially its amnesty provisions. ""We feel amnesties that are poorly handled and prematurely handled would be very provocative,"" Downer said. The Fijian government had assured him, he said, that amendments were in the pipeline, and said he was hopeful that the matter would be removed sensibly. ""I'm optimistic now, without being 100 percent certain, that they're going to handle this in a sensible way,"" Downer told Australia's Radio National.
At the same time, he called on one of the bill's most unyielding opponents, Military Commander Commodore Frank Bainimarama to back off. ""It's not the job of a military commander to play politics, his job is to command his troops,"" Downer said. He also said that the future of Fiji should be decided by all the people, not just a small number of individuals. Downer said he was "optimistic", though not completely sure, that the Fijian government would handle the matter "sensibly."
On 29 September, Bainimarama reacted strongly to Downer's criticism of the Military's involvement in politics. Bainimarama said that the Military was disappointed by Downer's remarks, insisting that his criticism of the bill was security-related.
The Commander reiterated his disappointment with Downer's position on 30 September, saying that Australians have never experienced a coup and do not know what it is like to live through one. ""I told him (Downer) his country has not experienced a coup to feel what the military went through here. He can't compare the situation there to this side,"" Bainimarama said. He insisted that the Military's opposition to the Unity Bill was not political, but security-related, and accused the ruling United Fiji Party of turning it into a political issue. ""We were never involved in politics,"" he said. ""It was the political party that pushed their agenda, the Bill, forward and we only reacted to the consequences the Bill would bring."" Making these comments at a press conference at Suva's Queen Elizabeth Barracks, Bainimarama ordered the Daily Post newspaper to leave because they supported the bill and were therefore, he said, against the Military.
Support for the Commander, meanwhile, came from Senator James Ah Koy, who commended him for opposing the Unity Bill and for standing up to the Australian Foreign Minister. ""I really support him for his strong words against Mr Downer," he said on 1 October. ""He is a strong man and we are blessed to have him in office. His priority is national security and that is why he is coming out strong on the Bill.""
New Zealand.
New Zealand's Foreign Minister, Phil Goff, spoke out on 10 June, expressing concern about the legislation. Goff said that it was important not to give the impression that it was legitimate to use unconstitutional means to overthrow an elected government, any time or anywhere.
Japan.
Kenro Ino, Japan's outgoing Ambassador to Fiji, applauded the legislation on 25 August. Interviewed by the Fiji Village news service, Ino said that stability in Fiji would result from uniting the races, and spoke positively about the government's efforts to promote reconciliation through the controversial bill.
Commonwealth of Nations.
Don McKinnon, Secretary-General of the Commonwealth of Nations (of which Fiji is a member) called on the Fijian government to ensure that the legislation reflected the views of its citizens. He took pains to emphasize, however, that the Commonwealth had no position of its own with respect to the controversial bill.
International legal bodies.
An international law body, the Law Association for Asia and the Pacific (LAWASIA) came out against the bill on 19 May, saying that it interfered with the process of law. ""It does nothing to indicate to the victims of their actions that the legal system has delivered justice, and is tantamount to interfering with judicial process,"" considered Girdhari Lal Sanghi, president of LAWASIA. ""While efforts to establish unity and reconciliation in Fiji are essential and worthy of support, the process must not be allowed to happen at the expense of the rule of law,"" Sanghi said.
John North of the Law Council of Australia predicted on 22 June that Fiji would become a dangerous place for tourists if the legislation were to become law. The council was concerned, he said, that a government-appointed body could overturn judicial decisions. The mixing of the powers of the executive and judicial branches of government was antithetical to democracy, he considered. He expressed hope that the Australian government would take a stand against what he considered to be a threat to democracy. He conceded that there were some good things in the bill, but insisted that ""any decision to be able to grant people pardons or to overturn properly constituted sentences should not be left to a government-appointed body.""
Former Prime Minister Sir Geoffrey Palmer of New Zealand also condemned the bill on 22 June, calling it ""unconstitutional and a recipe for division and constitutional disaster."" Palmer, now a lawyer with the Chen Palmer and Partners law firm in Wellington, New Zealand, was addressing the Fiji Law Society, which had sought his advice on the bill. He said that this legislation would enable any criminal behaviour to be labelled as "political", and would render the law of treason "inoperative" for the period designated for the Commission to function. The bill, he said, undermined the constitutional status of the Prerogative of Mercy Commission, and was therefore "inconsistent with the constitution."
On 2 July Palmer again attacked the legislation. ""It appears to me to be a recipe for division and constitutional disaster. I can see no way in which this proposed legislation as currently fashioned can advance the interests of Fiji,"" he said. He reiterated that the bill was unconstitutional, and called it an affront to human rights, the rule of law, and judicial independence. He also expressed concern about the wording of the bill. The power to grant compensation to victims and amnesty to perpetrators of the coup is supposed to be subject to presidential approval, but Palmer considered that to be a legal fiction. The wording of the bill, he said, made it clear that the Commission's recommendations would be binding on the President. The Fiji Times quoted a prominent Suva lawyer, whom they did not name, as supporting Palmer's interpretation. ""Legally, the Government can go ahead with the Bill without the President's permission or even informing him. And the Bill, as it is, does not give any authority to the President to have a say," the lawyer was quoted as saying.
Glenn Martin of the Bar Association of Queensland said on 27 June that if the legislation became law, local and international confidence in Fiji would be eroded. He also expressed concern at what he saw as an undermining of the independence of the Fijian judiciary. ""Unfortunately, there is a real risk that a Bill in this form, which appears designed to interfere with proper judicial processes and outcomes, will erode local and international confidence in Fiji's institutions of State,"" he said. Another cause for concern, he said, was the expulsion of Peter Ridgeway, an Australian citizen, who as Fiji's Deputy Director of Public Prosecutions had spearheaded the prosecution of persons implicated into the coup.
The London-based International Bar Association (IBA) called for changes to the bill to be made on 9 February 2006. Joanna Salsbury, a lawyer with the Association's Human Rights Institute, said that the amnesty provisions were overemphasized and that there was too little recognition of the victims. ""If you have an amnesty process that isn’t really linked to proper restitution for victims, then ultimately you have no form of reconciliation,"" she said. The organization has a total membership of more than twenty thousand lawyers and over 195 national Bar Associations and Law Societies.
Trade unions.
The International Confederation of Free Trade Unions called for the bill to be withdrawn on 26 June. In a letter to Prime Minister Qarase, union secretary Guy Ryde questioned the government's motives bringing the legislation. ""The Bill does not promote reconciliation but rather promotes the illegal overthrow of elected governments for political expediency,"" the letter said. ""It is obvious that Fiji is trying to legalise acts of treason and terrorism while the whole world is attempting to eradicate it.""
The International Federation of Chemical, Energy, Mine and General Workers Union (ICEM), which represents more than 20 million workers worldwide, announced on 21 July that it had written to Prime Minister Qarase on 4 July to express its concerns at the bill. General Secretary Fred Higgs said that the bill would set a dangerous precedent and threaten the rule of law, human rights, and democracy. ""The international trade union movement has taken a keen interest in human and trade union rights matters in Fiji for many decades now. These are the core values the international trade union movement and the international community is upholding while your Government undermines it,"" he wrote.
Meeting in Papua New Guinea under the chairmanship of Fiji Labour Party Senator Felix Anthony on 26 July, the executive of South Pacific Oceania Council of Trade Unions called on the government to withdraw the bill, which, it said, was against the Constitution and the 1999 Human Rights Act, usurped the role and power of the judiciary and of the Director of Public Prosecutions, and discriminated against the victims of the coup in favour of its perpetrators.

</doc>
<doc id="2838662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838662" title="Warranty deed">
Warranty deed

A warranty deed is a type of deed where the grantor (seller) guarantees that he or she holds clear title to a piece of real estate and has a right to sell it to the grantee (buyer). This is in contrast to a quitclaim deed, where the seller does not guarantee that he or she holds title to a piece of real estate. A "general" warranty deed protects the grantee against title defects arising at any point in time, extending back to the property's origins. A "special" warranty deed protects the grantee only against title defects arising from the actions or omissions of the grantor. 
A warranty deed includes six traditional forms of Covenants for Title. Those six traditional forms of covenants can be broken down into two categories: "present covenants" and "future covenants".
Note - Not all states recognize the Covenant of Further Assurances (e.g. Ohio)
Most buyers perform a title search to determine if there are defects in title that must be resolved before they purchase real property. A title search provides constructive notice of any encumbrances, easements, or restrictions on the property being conveyed, and is generally considered part of a buyer's due diligence in the process of purchasing real estate. Buyers can also purchase title insurance to protect against title defects. A warranty deed is not a substitute for title insurance because, if the grantor later dies or goes bankrupt, the grantee may not be able to exercise the warranty.

</doc>
<doc id="2838664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838664" title="Savernake Forest">
Savernake Forest

Savernake Forest is on a Cretaceous chalk plateau between Marlborough and Great Bedwyn in Wiltshire, England. Its area is approximately .
It is privately owned by the Marquess of Ailesbury and his family, and is administered by trustees. Since 1939 the timber of the forest has been managed by the Forestry Commission on a 999-year lease. The private status of Savernake - Britain's only privately owned forest - is maintained by shutting the forest to the public one day per year.
Savernake's landform is one of rolling downland dissected by both dry and wet valleys. The valleys within the forest, of which there are four, are all dry valleys, and the presence of Cretaceous deposits of Clay-with-Flints creates the damp heavy soils suited to dense cover of oak and beech. There are patches of poor drainage and wet soil.
A short history of the forest and its wardens.
First mention of a woodland ""Safernoc"" was made in AD 934 in the written records of the Saxon king Athelstan, but the land passed into Norman ownership soon after the Norman invasion of 1066.
The royal forest established in the 12th century covered an area of some 
This was the area of land put into the care of Richard Esturmy, one of the victorious knights who fought at the Battle of Hastings in 1066. Since then Savernake estate and forest has passed down from father to son (or daughter, on four occasions) in an unbroken line of hereditary "forest wardens". In 31 generations, it has never once been bought or sold in a thousand years, and today it is the only ancient forest in Britain still in private hands.
One early high point of the estate's fortunes was in Tudor times. The head of the family (Sir John Seymour) was used to welcoming King Henry VIII to the forest, where the king was very keen on deer-hunting. King Henry stayed at Savernake in 1535, where it is believed that his eye was then taken by his host's daughter, Jane Seymour. After the execution of Anne Boleyn in May 1536, they were subsequently married, and Jane was crowned Queen just months later, causing the head of the family at Savernake to suddenly find himself father-in-law to Henry VIII.
Jane died in childbirth and after marrying a further three wives, Henry himself died ten years later. So it fell to Jane's brother Edward Seymour, 1st Duke of Somerset to leave his estate of Savernake Forest in 1547 and to go up to Hampton Court, where for the next five years with the title 'Lord Protector' he was King of England in all but name, while his late sister's young child Edward VI grew old enough to reign alone.
The mid 17th century to mid 18th century saw variations in the size of the forest. English deer parks were subject to "dis-parking" whereby sections of forest and parkland were converted to agriculture.Note 1 During parts of this period it was reported that the King's naval officers were far from happy with the state of the forest, finding ""but 3 or 4 trees fit for his king's use"". The open spaces were found to be ""infested with heath, furze, fern "" and had ""coarse turfe"".
In fact dis-parking was very much an on-off affair and it was only the Battle of the Atlantic (commencing 1940) that saw the final dis-parking of England's old deer parks.
A second high point for the forest was under the wardenship of Charles Bruce and his nephew Thomas Bruce-Brudenell (wardens from 1741 to 1814) Lord Thomas Bruce, Earl of Ailesbury, as head of the family, made a great success, and had risen at Court to be Governor to the King George IV. The Bruce Tunnel which carries the Kennet and Avon Canal under the estate is named after him. He employed Lancelot 'Capability' Brown to plant great beech avenues in Savernake Forest, which was then some , nearly ten times its present size. These included the Grand Avenue, running through the heart of the forest, and which at dead straight stands in the Guinness Book of Records as the longest tree-lined avenue in Britain.
Two large structures date from this time. First, and within the public access part of Savernake, there is the stone column some high, and erected by Lord Ailesbury as an impressive viewpoint at the end of a vista from Tottenham House.
The house is no longer the family seat, and the forest and the estate is set to change once more. Savernake survived World War II remarkably intact, though it was used as a munitions dump, and re-planting with conifer plantations was modest by 1950s' standards. Today the Forestry Commission has engaged in a programme more sympathetic to the restoration and preservation of the ancient trees. David Brudenell-Bruce, Earl of Cardigan,Note 2 the current and thirty-first warden of Savernake Forest has initiated the renovation of Tottenham House and the converting of it into a five-star Hotel. 
Inside the forest.
The areas of broad-leaved woodland which dominate the Savernake Plateau are accompanied by a farmland mosaic. The plateau is within the North Wessex Downs Area of Outstanding Beauty.
Savernake (Coppices of Little Frith, Cobham Frith, Chisbury Wood, Haw Wood, "etc."), where farmland occurs as clearings in a wider forest, creating a distinctive and memorable, 'secret' landscape.
Capability Brown worked out a strategy for linking coppices with oak plantings, lining forest trails with beech trees, and providing vistas with "proper objects" on which the eye might rest. The forest would be made part of the parkland. The scattered coppices, meadows, scrub, and heath should be united, into "one great whole." 
As times changed, and social expectations altered, a later warden George Frederick was eager to show off his forest. There was much rearranging of copses and vistas and setting aside of grass rides so that visitors could see the woods as a whole and be impressed. He ordered that the entire estate be fenced and palings be placed around individual trees. That way, the deer might roam freely with a minimum of damage.
The fifth marquess recognized that the woodlands needed to be made commercially viable. Included among the 778,000 trees he planted were a high proportion of softwoods, placed outside the forest's core (e.g.: Birch Copse in the SE). This warden was too deeply imbued with tradition to contemplate industrialized forestry but he was the first of his family to introduce a measure of systematic management of larch and spruce plantations.
Chandos Bruce, the sixth marquess, did everything possible to carry on with this combination of systematic management and concern for amenity and symbolic representation. Eventually, however, he found the burden too heavy due to increasing costs, Lloyd George's taxes on inherited wealth, and the impossibility of hiring enough labor during and after the First World War. In 1930 he approached the government Forestry Commission but drew back when he recognized that surrendering control would probably bring on an invasion by ranks of straight-backed conifers. Eight years later the commission became more open to the suggestion that recreational uses might be as legitimate as commercial ones and agreed to the special conditions the sixth marquess had stubbornly laid down. As a result, after 800 years of wardenship, the family surrendered control and the public, because of Lord Ailesbury's dedication, gained a handsome amenity.
Savernake is a coppice-with-standards forest and an Ancient Woodland. A coppice is a wood where broad-leaved trees, typically hazel, grow out of the stumps or "stools" left from previous cuttings. Standards are trees allowed to grow to maturity. If these trees are allowed to grow in close proximity they grow straight and tall. If they have more room to grow then side branches become substantial.
In the past standardization was not at all essential. Craft work and early mechanical industry, such as shipbuilding, wagon making, and furniture making all required "bends" and "knees," as well as other eccentrically shaped pieces which the side branches would provide. Trees such as beech and oak can be pollarded, a process whereby a standard is cut two-thirds up its trunk. Multiple boughs grow from the cut point and the life of the tree is extended and curved pieces of bough or trunk are often produced. Such trees become magnificent specimens and they live through generations of forest workers. Their base trunk attains great girth. Often the side boughs become too heavy and are broken in stormy weather. In other cases the bough weight (an outward force) begins to tear the lower trunk apart creating a cavity which can over decades become cavernous in size. The oldest of these pollarded trees is the "Big Belly Oak" beside the A346 road. Big Belly is one of Fifty Great British Trees named and honoured as part of the Queen's Golden Jubilee celebrations. It has a girth of 11 metres and is 1000–1100 years old. In 2001 it was in danger of splitting in two, a fate that had already overtaken the similarly aged Duke's Vaunt. To prevent this, the tree was fitted with a metal corset. The 2011 Radiohead album "The King of Limbs" is named after the ancient King of Limbs tree hidden in the forest near Tottenham House, where the band recorded part of their previous album, "In Rainbows".
It is thought that nowhere else in Europe is there such a concentration of "veteran" trees. Savernake has hundreds of such trees, beeches and oaks, some appearing singly, others in avenues, some amongst younger broad-leaved trees and others within coniferous plantations. Some of the historically important trees are named and their names appear upon local maps, and even upon the modern Ordnance Survey Explorer 157. Since about 2006 the Forestry Commission has been clearing space around well-known venerable trees, and naming them with green plaques. Elsewhere clearings have been created, revealing old ponds, long hidden by coniferous plantings but now opened up to the light. Standing water is essential for bio-diversity. Savernake has areas of damp soil, but no streams. Another best practice is to leave dead wood lying, for the benefit of invertebrates. In Savernake fallen trees are left to decay and dead standing trees (monoliths) are generally left standing.
In 2003 White Park cattle were introduced into Savernake Forest, to forage freely in the Red Vein Bottom area, a semi-open area of relict wood pasture which had not been grazed in more than 60 years. Such controlled grazing should recreate the naturally open glades ideal for the ancient oak and beech and their specialist lichen and fungal communities, as well as rare woodland and grassland flora; the exact wildlife features for which Savernake Forest is designated as a Site of Special Scientific Interest.
Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) are regularly inspected and their health is monitored. Savernake has SSSI status primarily for rare lichens found on the bark of the older trees. There is also good representation of fungi types and mosses. However, the health of Savernake is not particularly good, partly because of the destruction wrought during World War II, and probably from wind-borne pollutants. The entire site is at condition 88% ""unfavourable recovering"". This is not a comment of the beauty of the forest, but a health statement on the lichens and mosses and invertebrates.
Forest features.
Savernake Forest consists of many named drives and various other landscape features. These are named on the Ordnance Survey Explorer map 157 "Marlborough & Savernake Forest", but few are named on the ground. 
Postern Hill to Amity Oak.
(About West to east) Postern Hill is at ().
At this is the chalk plateau at its highest, and a north-facing scarp slope overlooks the town of Marlborough. On the hilltop there is a small Forestry Commission Camp Site, together with a public car park and barbecue area. Four tracks head southwards through oak forest, the principal one being
Long Harry 
(). The track descends gradually, crossing 
White Road 
The tree cover is not dense and ancient oaks are plentiful here, including one name as "Saddle Oak" on account of is near horizontal boughs.
Church Walk 
() bridle path is crossed next before reaching
Great Lodge Bottom 
The Church Walk path connects the A4 road to Cadley hamlet (the church there is now privately owned) on the A346
and it is the only public right of way in the main part of the forest.
Great Lodge Bottom is an east-running dry valley, fairly open with hawthorn and blackthorn scrub. After crossing the Grand Avenue
the valley runs into
Red Vein Bottom () with its rough pasture and rabbit warrens. The path is joined by a small valley coming down from the pinetum (pine arboretum) at 
Braydon Hook 
() adjacent to Braydon Hook House.
The path from Red Vein Bottom skirts the Ashdale Firs and passes some huge beeches before arriving at the
Amity Oak 
(), an old tree which serves as a Parish Boundary marker. The valley continues east to Hungerford via Little Frith.
Leigh Hill to Crabtree Cottages.
(About West to east) Leigh Hill 
is south of Postern Hill and is high.
There is a seasonal car park nearby. Three small valleys run North East from this high point. 
Postwives Walk 
() begins with an ancient avenue of oaks and descends gently to cross
Charcoal Burners Road 
() (charcoal is still made here) and so on to
the heart of the forest, passing both the
Queen Oak 
() and the
King Oak 
A second valley, named as
Cheval Bottom 
() starts in an avenue of mature 
copper beeches
and later passes beside the
Park Pale 
() which is an ancient bank-and-ditch feature which marked the perimeter of the Royal Park as was.
The third valley starts near the column at
Three Oak Hill Drive 
which, despite its name, has fine stands of beech and also of Scots pine. The ground descends into
Drury Lane 
() and passes a young plantation before joining the other two valleys and then, as a fine shallow-sided valley of meadow pasture passes 
Savernake Lodge 
on its way to
Crabtree Cottages 
and thence to
Little Frith 
with its carpets of bluebells in May, and then finally joining the valley to Hungerford.
Grand Avenue to Strawgrove Copse.
(About North to south.) The Grand Avenue 
() is a straight but narrow tarmaced road connecting the A4 road to the Durley Road near Tottenham House. It is lined with beech trees, but few of them are survivors from the original plantings. The A4 was once a toll road through the forest, taking the Marlborough to Hungerford traffic, such as it was. The
Toll Road House 
still stands today. The Grand Avenue continues south-east to
Eight Walks 
where Capability Brown laid out the hub to Savernake's eight radial drives. A little further on there is an unexplained 
Monument 
on the western side of the road, rumoured
to be a marker (or tomb?) to someone who suffered a fatal fall from a horse.
At the
Three Oak Hill Drive 
crossroads, a track north-east points to
Birch Copse 
Duke's Vaunt Oak 
() is a notable tree approximately 1,000 years old. It was once hollow and in girth. In 1760 it had a door and a lock and was capable of sheltering ""twenty boys"". Note 4 The tree is badly split now, but still survives. Here the ground is damp and parts of
Birch Copse
barely see daylight. While some of the tall pines seem senescent, other plantation firs are green and vibrant. Many varieties of fungi can be seen in profusion in October, but dead-wood fungi are common enough throughout the year. At the south-east edge of the forest there are good examples of Sweet Chestnut and Yew
At Holt Pound 
an avenue of oaks joins Birch Copse to
Bedwyn Common 
This section of Savernake has its own avenue
London Ride which at runs from 
St Katherine's Church 
() to
Upper Horsehall Hill Farm (). The ride is lined with oak in the south, and by limes in the north. Many old oaks and old sweet cheshnut are left standing, and foxgloves populate the forest edges.
Forest tracks and bridleways lead south-east, and this is very much assarted Note 3 countryside. When
Stock Common 
is reached there are footpaths to
Shawgrove Copse 
(), within sight of Great Bedwyn, or south to the rear of Tottenham Park by way of 
Bloxham Lodge 
Notes.
Note 1:
Nevertheless, several private farms had been carved from Savernake Forest in these years, including Levett's Farm (1649), Culley's Farm (1649), and Compton's Farm. Levett's Farm was owned by William Levett (sometimes spelled Levet) of Swindon, Wiltshire, a courtier to King Charles I and descendant of a Sussex family. By 1685, Levett's residence was given as "West Lodge, Savernake Parke". (Levett also acted as agent and surveyor for the Duke of Somerset.) These three farms, and many more which followed in later years, are shown on a map drawn in 1812. They are situated mainly to the west of the present day forest, at Clench Common. Levett's and Culley's are shown on the O.S. map of 1998, whilst Compton's is possibly marked as "The Old Chapel"
Note 2:
The present Marquess is the 14th Earl of Cardigan, however the title is used by his son as a courtesy title.
Note 3: 
Assarted Woodland: In general, woods were deemed to be assarted if their outline is sufficiently irregular. This is most evident where they are adjoined by assart field systems. Assarts are fields cut out of woodland and are identified as enclosures of very irregular form with wavy boundaries.
Note 4:
The Duke's Vaunt was surrounded by a new planting of conifers in the 1980s. In 2007 more than 30 of these firs were cut down as part of the ""haloing"" process for the oldest of Savernake's trees. Haloing means taking out encroaching trees and undergrowth that might rob the old trees of the light and air they need.
Further reading.
The "Victoria County History" accounts of the Savernake parishes give a very full account of the settlements, estates, and economic history of the region.
For a definitive account of the lineage of the forest wardens see:
Other reading on ancient forestry in England:

</doc>
<doc id="2838665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838665" title="Culture of Sweden">
Culture of Sweden

Swedish culture has been described as equality, trade unionism also self-reliance, aspects that have been associated with Swedish mentality. 
Sweden did not formally abolish slavery until the middle of the 14th century, it also did not have serfdom in the Middle Ages; peasant freeholders constituted about 40% of the population, and were one of four estates (together with nobles, clergy, and burghers) in the Diet. 
Foreign influences on Sweden.
The greatest sources of influence on Swedish culture have been Denmark, Norway and England in the early Middle Ages; Germany during the high and late Middle Ages; an influx of a foreign aristocracy during the 17th century; France during the 18th century; Germany again between the mid 19th and 20th century; and then the English-speaking world after World War II.
Regions.
The 25 provinces ("landskap") of Sweden, which early in their histories had poor intercommunication, each have a distinct culture. The provinces long ago lost their importance as administrative and political regions, but are still seen as cultural ones, and the population of Sweden identifies with them. Each province has a specific history, each with its own robust nature. Some of them constituted separated parts of Sweden with their own laws. Other regions have been independent, or a part of another country, such as (Denmark or Norway), etc. They have different indigenous dialects of North Germanic, and some have ethnic minorities. For more information about these cultural regions, see the provinces' articles:
Food.
Swedish food has traditionally been practical and sustaining. A typical old-fashioned meal consists of boiled potatoes, some kind of meat or fish, a sauce, and some vegetables. Fish has historically been very important. Swedes are among the heaviest coffee drinkers in the world, second only to natives of Finland. Brewed coffee is predominant. For meals, cider, beer, milk, juice, or water is standard. Swedish cider is sweeter and fruitier than foreign ciders, and is enjoyed in almost as large quantities as beer is. However, the consumption of alcohol is less than in many other European countries, owing to the state monopoly on alcoholic beverages, except at restaurants and bars.
Film.
The Swedish cinema is one of the most widely known national film industries in the world. The silent period saw the flourish of the gifted visionaries Mauritz Stiller and Victor Sjöström, who brought international attention to Swedish filmmaking and its particular vision of the world.
Ingmar Bergman, regarded as one of the most influential filmmakers of the 20th Century, emerged as a prominent figure in world cinema during the 1950s, with his existential epic "The Seventh Seal", which he followed with a host of critically revered psychological dramas. Two of his films in particular, "Persona" and "Cries and Whispers", received unparalleled critical adoration, and put Sweden on the map as one of the most progressive cinematic entities. The revered naturalist Jan Troell, as well as the socially conscious Bo Widerberg, would quickly follow Bergman as the country's foremost visual artists.
Famous actresses and actors include Bibi Andersson, Ingrid Bergman, Greta Garbo, Noomi Rapace, Max von Sydow, Stellan Skarsgård, Alexander Skarsgård, Ingrid Thulin, Lena Olin, Dolph Lundgren, Mikael Persbrandt, Michael Nyqvist and Peter Stormare.
Music.
Singing is popular in Sweden, and of its 9 million inhabitants, 600,000 belong to various choirs. ([http://www.sweden.se/templates/cs/FactSheet____11973.aspx])
Two of the world's leading songwriters, Jörgen Elofsson and Max Martin, live in Sweden.
In popular music, the group ABBA became the essence of Swedish music during the 1970s and early 1980s. Later Roxette emerged, mostly performing joyful songs in the late 1980s and early 1990s. This band was also successful in the USA. Europe, Ace of Base and The Cardigans are Swedish pop groups that have been popular internationally.
Pop star Britney Spears had at least one of her early albums produced in Sweden, as did Bon Jovi and the Backstreet Boys.
Pop promo director Jonas Åkerlund is from Sweden. He is perhaps best known for The Prodigy's "Smack My Bitch Up" and Madonna´s "Ray of Light" video.
Indie pop/rock is very big in Sweden. Gothenburg especially has spawned a great number of prominent bands and artists, thanks to labels such as Sincerely Yours, Service, and Luxury. Notable Swedish indie bands and artists include Jens Lekman, The Knife, Love Is All, The Concretes, Broder Daniel, The Tough Alliance, Peter, Bjorn and John, Little Dragon, El Perro del Mar, Maia Hirasawa, Fever Ray, Popsicle, Studio, The Embassy, The Honeydrips, Brainpool, Air France, jj, Joel Alme, Pacific!, etc.
In contrast with its large pop music scene, Sweden also boasts one of the most prolific death metal scenes in the world. Gothenburg is famed in the scene for the "melodic death metal" sound. Many of these bands such as In Flames, Dark Tranquillity, At the Gates, The Haunted, as well as Stockholm's Amon Amarth and Opeth have seen growing commercial success throughout Europe and the United States. Melodic death metal is quite a broad genre with many variations, but with its more obvious roots in traditional death metal, black metal and classic metal such as Iron Maiden. Still, many bands are influenced by genres as broad as Swedish folk music, alternative music, electronica, gothic music, progressive music and even neo-classical music. Sweden is known in the extreme metal community for its famous late 80s-early 90s death metal scene, spawning important bands such as Entombed, Dismember, Grave and Unleashed as well as more obscure, brutal bands as God Macabre, Obscurity, Treblinka (later Tiamat) and Grotesque. Highly influential band Bathory also had a huge impact on the then-to-come black metal scene of Norway and the 1990s, with albums "Bathory" (1984), "The Return" (1985), and "Under the Sign of the Black Mark" (1987), as well as being the first Viking metal band.
There is a notable Swedish hip hop scene. This culture has spawned a new sociolect or dialect, Rinkeby Swedish, so named after the Rinkeby suburb).
Sweden has produced several notable opera singers. In the 1850s, Jenny Lind (a.k.a. the Swedish Nightingale) toured the United States, and the price of admission for her performances was at a rate never before seen. In the 1950s, Jussi Björling was one of few non-Italian opera singers, and he is to this day a household name in opera circles.
Other Swedish bands and artists who seem to manage the international crowd better than others are Dungen, José González, Lykke Li, Mando Diao, The Sounds, The Hives, Neverstore, Sahara Hotnights, Robyn, Tages, The Mascots, Movits!, The Shanes, etc. However, there are a lot of other bands and artists who dominate the national music scene, such as Kent, Håkan Hellström and Lars Winnerbäck.
Literature.
Swedish literature is vibrant and active. Sweden jointly ranks fifth in the list of countries with most Nobel Prize laureates in literature. Famous Swedish writers and poets are Astrid Lindgren, Selma Lagerlöf, August Strindberg, Hjalmar Söderberg, Tomas Tranströmer, Karin Boye, Stieg Larsson, Henning Mankell, etc.
Architecture.
The oldest preserved buildings in Sweden, from the 11th century, are made of stone. The earliest brick buildings where erected in the late 13th century. The most important building material, from early prehistoric times and well into the 20th century, was wood.
The early Swedish stone buildings are Romanesque churches on the countryside. Many of them were built in Scania, and are thus stylistically like Danish churches. This includes the magnificent Lund Cathedral from the 11th century, and the somewhat younger church in Dalby, but also many early Gothic churches built through the influence of the Hanseatic League, such as in Ystad, Malmö and Helsingborg. 
Cathedrals in other parts of Sweden were also built as seats of Sweden's bishops. The Skara Cathedral is of bricks from the 14th century, and the Uppsala Cathedral where completed in 1435, 165 years after the building started. In 1230, the foundations of the Linköping Cathedral were laid; the material used was limestone, and the building took some 250 years to finish.
Older Iron Age and medieval structures also include some significant fortresses, and other historical buildings such as Borgholm Castle, Eketorp fortress (both on Öland) and the Visby city wall. 
In the 1520s, Sweden emerged from the Middle Ages and once again asserted her independence under King Gustav Vasa. The king initiated a building program of grand mansions and fortresses, both for defense and to represent the new monarchy; much of this was continued by his sons in the latter half of the century. The more imposing ones include the castles of Kalmar, Gripsholm and Vadstena. 
In the next two centuries, Sweden was the site of Baroque architecture and later the rococo. Notable projects from that time include the city Karlskrona, which has been declared a World Heritage Site, the Drottningholm Palace, and Stockholm Palace, still the official seat of the monarchy.
Clothing.
Modern clothing is very internationally influenced, but traditional Swedish national costumes are sometimes worn on special occasions, such as Midsummer. all costumes are brightly colored.
Fashion.
Sweden has in recent years taken an interest in the fashion industry, headquartering famous brands like Hennes & Mauritz (operating as H&M), J. Lindeberg (operating as JL), Gina Tricot, Tiger of Sweden, Acne Jeans, and Filippa K within its borders. These companies, however, are made up largely of buyers who import fashionable goods from places throughout Europe and the Americas, continuing the trend of Swedish business toward multinational economic dependency, like many of Sweden's neighbours.
A new breed of smaller Swedish fashion labels like Diana Orving, So Last Season, Odd molly, WESC, Whyred, Hope, Nakkna, Velour, Carin Wester, Ida Sjöstedt, Fifth Avenue Shoe Repair, Cheap Monday, Nudie Jeans, and The Local Firm are emerging and getting recognition.
Arts.
The oldest remains of Swedish arts are found in the churches: frescos, altar pieces, and baptismal founts. The motifs represent religious beliefs, focused on purgatory, the devil, Jesus Christ, and the Virgin Mary. 
In the 19th century, the painter Carl Larsson (1853–1919) shaped the image of the idyllic countryside home with his naïve picturesque illustrations.

</doc>
<doc id="2838669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838669" title="Super League X">
Super League X

engage Super League X is the official name of 2005's Super League season. It was the 10th season of Super League and saw twelve teams from across England compete for the premiership. The season kicked off in early February, culminating in a six team play-off series
The Grand Final, held at Old Trafford on 15 October, saw Bradford Bulls crowned Champions. The Grand Final was the final match of a which itself was the climax of a league season that kicked off in early February.
Season summary.
Either one or two teams were to be relegated from the league at the end of the season in order to make way for new entrants. The bottom team were certain to be relegated, in order to allow in French club Catalans Dragons. The second bottom team would only be relegated if the winner of National League One met the criteria for Super League entry. On the 3 October the Rugby Football League announced that both finalist in this competition, Castleford Tigers and Whitehaven were eligible for promotion, hence two teams were relegated.
The season was a commercial success, with a rise in average crowd size for the regular rounds of 8,887, continuing the trend of rises every year since 2001 [http://www.superleague.co.uk/news/1968]. It is worth noting that this is the first time in the history of Super League the Grand Final has not included the league leader at the end of the regular season: St Helens were knocked out by Bradford Bulls in the semi-final.
Play-off series.
"Home team first"

</doc>
<doc id="2838673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838673" title="Tramontane">
Tramontane

Tramontane (, , , , , , ) is a classical name for a northern wind. The exact form of the name and precise direction varies from country to country. The word came to English from Italian "tramontana", which developed from Latin "trānsmontānus" ("trāns-" + "montānus"), "beyond the mountains/across the mountains", referring to the Alps in the North of Italy. The word has other non-wind-related senses: it can refer to anything that comes from, or anyone who lives on, the other side of mountains, or even more generally, anything seen as foreign, strange, or even barbarous.
Tramontane traditions in various countries and regions.
Catalonia.
In Catalonia the wind is called the tramuntana. The wind also lends its name to the Serra de Tramuntana in Majorca.
Croatia.
In Croatia it is called tramontana, with a number of local variations ("termuntana", "trmuntana", "t(a)rmuntona" and others). Like levant, it is considered a transitional wind, associated with the change of weather, which frequently transforms into bora. Like bora, it is a strong wind capable of generating large waves, but is less gusty.
France.
The tramontane in France is a strong, dry cold wind from the north (on the Mediterranean) or from the northwest (in lower Languedoc, Roussillon, Catalonia and the Balearic Islands). It is similar to the mistral in its causes and effects, but it follows a different corridor; the tramontane accelerates as it passes between the Pyrenees and the Massif Central, while the mistral flows down the Rhone Valley between the Alps and the Massif Central.
The tramontane is created by the difference of pressure between the cold air of a high pressure system over the Atlantic ocean or northwest Europe and a low pressure system over the Gulf of Lion in the Mediterranean. The high-pressure air flows south, gathering speed as moves downhill and is funnelled between the Pyrenees and the Massif Central.
According to French sources, the name was used in its present form at the end of the 13th century by Marco Polo, in 1298. It was borrowed from the Latin "transmontanus" and the Italian "tramontana", meaning not just "across the mountains" but also "The North Star" (literally the star "above the mountains,") since the Alps marked the north for the Italic people. The French term 'tresmontaine,' cited as early as 1209 and still used in the 15th century, was borrowed directly from the Latin. 
The word moved from Latin into French with the meanings "North Star" and also "the guide" In 1636 the French expression "perdre la tramontane" meant "to be disoriented." It was used in this sense by Molière in his play "Le Bourgeois Gentilhomme", where one character says "Je perds la tramontane" (I have lost my way.) 
The continuous howling noise of the tramontane is said to have a disturbing effect upon the psyche. In his poem "Gastibelza", Victor Hugo has the main character say: "Le vent qui vient à travers la montagne me rendra fou.." ("The wind coming over the mountain will drive me mad..")
Greece.
In Greece, tramuntana () is used as a nautical term to define, not only the northern wind but also the northern direction and even the cardinal-point of North in a compass.
Italy.
In Italy it is called tramontana. Interestingly, in Italy its etymology is still very much debated, and varies from region to region: on the Sorrento coast, for instance, reputedly, the name derives from the village Tramonti, from where, to an observer on the shore, the wind appears to blow after gathering pace down a narrow valley and, at the time when Flavio Gioia – believed by some historians to have perfected the sailors' compass – lived there in the 14th century and named the Mediterranean winds, the tramontana made it easier for fishing vessels to swiftly take to the sea and readily start their fishing campaigns. 
It is a northeasterly or northerly winter wind that blows from the Alps and Apennines (South of the Alps) to the Italian coast. It is very prevalent on the west coast of Italy and Northern Corsica. It is caused by a weather system from the west following a depression on the Mediterranean. It is strongest before sunrise, when it can reach speeds of 70 km/h (45 mph). It is a fresh wind of the fine weather mistral type.
Slovenia.
In Slovenia a word tramontana is used for a strong northerly (hurricane) wind that blows from the Alps to the Venice bay over Trieste, Slovenian coast and Istria with gusts sometimes as high as 200 km/h (usually 80 km/h). It has a transitional nature (from 2 to 4 hours in Koper bay) and it often quickly turns to a bora. With its hurricane powers it can uproot trees and it often damages boats as it crashes them to the coast.

</doc>
<doc id="2838681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838681" title="Poker Superstars Invitational Tournament">
Poker Superstars Invitational Tournament

The Poker Superstars Invitational Tournament was a series of no limit Texas hold 'em poker tournaments. The first season is available on NTSC DVD. It airs on Fox Sports Net in the United States, Rogers Sportsnet in Canada and ftn in the United Kingdom.
Crew.
The first series was hosted by Chris Rose, with support from poker author Michael Konik and poker professional Mark Gregorich. Mark Gregorich left the show at the end of the first season.
The first series grand finale aired in February 2005 on the same day as Super Bowl XXXIX. Fox carried the Super Bowl that year, so instead of the series' usual home on FSN, NBC carried the finale instead. It was hosted by Matt Vasgersian, with support from poker professional Erick Lindgren. Backstage interviews were conducted by poker player Evelyn Ng.
The first series was Executive Produced by David Doyle and Directed by Brian Lockwood.
Howard "The Professor" Lederer replaced Michael Konik at the beginning of the 3rd season, with Annie Duke joining for several episodes as a "special guest". Mary Strong conducted the backstage interviews.
Structure.
Season 1.
The tournament was split into two series, with each player's finishing position in the series final determining their starting chip count in the grand finale.
Similarly, the finishing position in two preliminary rounds per series determined the starting chip positions of each player in both series finals.
The Grand Final winner received $1,000,000. The payouts for the other entrants from the $3,200,000 prize pool were unclear in the broadcast. However, Phil Ivey has said, on Full Tilt, that he walked away with about $400,000, and, therefore, broke even.
In the first two rounds of each series, players start with 100,000 in chips. Their finish in each of these rounds determines their starting chips for the final round of the series as follows:
Finish
Series 1 Round 1 finish + Series 1 Round 2 finish = Starting chips for Series 1 Final
Series 2 uses the same format. Finishes in each series final are then used to determine the Grand Finale starting chip count as follows:
Finish - Finals
Series 1 Final finish + Series 2 Final finish = Starting chips for grand finale.
Season 2.
24 Players
Blind structure.
The blinds increased every 20 minutes.
Qualifying rounds.
Six players competed in each tournament, with points being allocated as follows:
Each player played six preliminary tournaments with players randomly drawn. At the end of this, the points were tallied and the 16 players with the most points progressed to the next round.
Final 16.
The top 16 are then split into 4 pools of players
Players in the final 16 started with 25,000 chips for every point earned up to then. (20,000 in Season 3)
Each pool had two matches, with points being allocated as follows:
The points were cumulated from those 2 matches, and the players with the highest points then progressed to the quarter-finals.
Quarter-finals.
The quarter-finals are 2 groups with 4 players in each. Each group will play one match where the top two finishers will advance to the semi-finals. The winner of the match will start the semi-finals with 1,000,000 in chips while the runner up will start with 700,000. Players start with 50,000 chips per point earned in the round of 16.
Semi-finals and finals.
Both the semi-finals and finals were played in best two out of three heads-up matches.
Time limit rule.
Players had 60 seconds to act on their hands. A player failing to act was penalized the worth of one small blind. An additional small blind penalty would be imposed for each additional ten seconds without action. The collected penalties were added to the next pot. Kathy Liebert and Mimi Tran were the only players penalized in season two, for one small blind.
Payouts.
The payouts were as follows:
Winner=$400,000 USD
Runner Up=$140,000 USD
The total prize pool was $1.21 million. It is unclear who supplied the extra $250,000 for the pool, since 24 times 40,000 equals only $960,000. (NOTE: This problem was solved in Season 3 with a $1.2 million prize pool and $50,000 buy-in.)
Season 3.
Season 3 played exactly like Season 2, except for the following differences:
Computer versions.
There have been two computer games made of the first two seasons of the show. 
There is an online web version made in flash of the computer game
These were published by Funkitron and available at Play Poker Superstars, the official Funkitron Poker Superstars website. 
The AI used in them was created by Brian Sheppard, the programmer who created the Maven Scrabble playing AI for Scrabble.

</doc>
<doc id="2838685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838685" title="Tipularia">
Tipularia

Tipularia is a genus of temperate terrestrial orchids (family Orchidaceae). At present (June 2014), it has 7 recognized species, native to Asia and North America.

</doc>
<doc id="2838686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838686" title="Athbhutha Dweepu">
Athbhutha Dweepu

Albhutha Dweepu (Malayalam: അത്ഭുതദ്വീപ്) is a 2005 Malayalam-language Indian movie, directed by Vinayan. The movie created history by becoming the first Indian movie whose remake rights have been bought by Hollywood. Ajaykumar, Prithviraj and Mallika Kapoor appear in lead roles in the movie. The movie is about a mysterious island where all the men are dwarfs and all the women, normal.
"Albhutha Dweepu" was released in 2005 and the remake rights were sold almost immediately to Hollywood director Ron Howard who was in India at that time. Leonardo DiCaprio is going to star in the Hollywood version, and all the 300 dwarfs who starred in the Malayalam version will re-enact their roles in the English version.
The film features Ajaykumar (Pakru) as the dwarf prince Gajendra. He has made an entry into the Guinness Book of Records through this character for being the shortest actor (86 cm height) to play a full-length character in a film.
Plot.
Prithviraj Sukumaran, Jagathy Sreekumar, Jagadheesh and Indrans work for Indian Navy, who later reach a sea shore of an unknown island as a result of shipwreck. Their they find one of their friend killed by few dwarfs and take asylum in the village's temple.
They later learn that all the males in that village are dwarfs as a result of Curse laid upon them by their god Kantharvan. All the ladies are 5 feet tall. The dwarfs are banned from entering the Kantharva temple and it is believed that if they enter the temple by violence their head will break into pieces.
Mallika Kapoor,daughter of the dwarf king Jagathy Sreekumar and the princess of the island who is engaged to Guinness Pakru sees Prithviraj in the temple and believes that he is the real Kantharvan. Both of them fall in love with each other at the first sight. She helps them with food and shelter unknowing to her father and fiancee. The Prithviraj team secretly starts building a boat for them to escape.
Pakru feels something fishy and starts watching Mallika. He even enters the Kantharvan Temple to find out the truth only to be frightened by the disguised prithviraj. They kidnap the king when he finds out the truth and disguise as Brahmachari saints. But only to be found out and sentenced to death.
When the dwarfs where about to execute the death sentence they are attacked by Gigantic Cannibals who attacks and kill most of their men. Prithviraj and his friends manages to escape and fight against the Cannibals and succeeds in defeating them. The dwarf king understands them and allow them to sail to their homeland with Mallika Kapoor.

</doc>
<doc id="2838695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838695" title="Jashpur district">
Jashpur district

Jashpur District lies in the north-eastern corner of the state of Chhattisgarh in India adjoining the border of Jharkhand and Odisha. Jashpur Nagar is the administrative headquarters of the district. It is currently a part of the Red Corridor.
History.
During the British Raj Jashpur town was the capital of Jashpur State, one of the princely states of the Eastern States Agency.
Geography.
The north-south length of this district is about 150 km, and its east-west breadth is about 85 km. Its total area is 6,205 km². It is between 22° 17′ and 23° 15′ North latitude and 83° 30′ and 84° 24′ East longitude.
It is divided geographically into two parts. The northern hilly belt is called the Upper Ghat. The remaining, southern part, is called Nichghat.
The upper ghat runs from Loroghat Kastura, Narayanpur, Bagicha up to the Surguja district. This belt is a forest area and contains a reserve forest. It covers the Sanna, Bagicha and Narayanpur. The upper ghat is an extension plateau covering 1384 km² which is about 1200 meters above sea level and is covered by a dense forest. The elevated plateau is called "Pat". The Upper Ghat is climbed through Loroghat. Loroghat is about 4 km in length and there are three turnings that are very dangerous.
Nichghat is flat in general but also has many big mountains. In Jashpur Raigarh road there are two more ghats, both climbing, Jhanda ghat before Kansabel and Belaghat after Kansabel.
Towns.
The main towns situated on the national highway (N.H.78) are Lodam, Gholeng, and Jashpur in the Upper ghat and Kunkuri, Bandarchuwan, Kansabel, Ludeg, and Patthalgaon. The roads running from Jashpur H.Q are:
Climate.
Kunkuri is the hottest region in Nichghat during the summer and Pandrapat is the coldest region in Upper Ghat in the winter.
It is situated between forests. It is a junction, from raigarh and from ambikapur or jashpur all the people need to cross patthalgaon first.
Demographics.
According to the 2011 census Jashpur district has a population of 852,043, roughly equal to the nation of Qatar or the US state of South Dakota. This gives it a ranking of 473rd in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 14.65%. Jashpur has a sex ratio of 1004 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 68.6%.

</doc>
<doc id="2838697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838697" title="With Arms Wide Open">
With Arms Wide Open

"With Arms Wide Open" is a power ballad composed by the band Creed, featured on the album "Human Clay". Scott Stapp wrote the lyrics when he found out with great surprise that he was going to be a father. The song topped the "Billboard" Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart for four weeks in July 2000; a month later it reached the U.S. Top 40. In October, the song hit the top ten and topped Billboard's Adult Top 40 chart for eight weeks. It hit number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 on the issue dated November 11 for one week, and the video topped VH1's top ten countdown in 2000. In February 2001, Scott Stapp and Mark Tremonti won a Grammy Award for Best Rock Song. The song was also nominated for Best Rock Vocal Performance by a Duo or Group, but lost to U2 for "Beautiful Day". With the song topping the Hot 100, Mainstream Rock Tracks, Adult Top 40 and Mainstream Top 40 charts at number one, somehow it nearly did not make it to number one on the Modern Rock Tracks chart staying at number two for four consecutive weeks due to the long eleven week stay for 3 Doors Down's Kryptonite at the number one spot and Papa Roach's Last Resort and Red Hot Chili Peppers' Californication taking over the number one spot leading "With Arms Wide Open" to not hit number one.
In September, it was announced that Creed would release a limited edition single of "With Arms Wide Open" with some profits benefiting Scott Stapp's With Arms Wide Open Foundation to "promote healthy, loving relationships between children and their families".
Three main versions of the song exist. One is the original album version. The second is the radio version, which adds additional hi-hat and drums, and also edits out the ending. The third is the video version (or "Strings Remix") which adds strings to the radio version.
Track Listing.
US Single (18004-2)
EU Maxi Single (670695 2)
Australia & New Zealand Maxi Single (670739 2)

</doc>
<doc id="2838698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838698" title="Bangkok Patana School">
Bangkok Patana School

Bangkok Patana School () is a British International School located in Bang Na District, Bangkok, Thailand. Established in 1957, the school offers a British style of education to over 2200 pupils. 
Academic offerings.
Bangkok Patana School follows the English National Curriculum up to the end of Key Stage 3 and then offers a combination of IGCSEs and GCSEs in Key Stage 4. In Senior Studies ( Key Stage 5, Year 12 and 13,) it offers the IB Diploma.
The school is divided into two sections: the Primary school (Nursery-Year 6) and the Secondary school (Year 7-Year 13). Bangkok Patana School is affiliated with the Council of International Schools.
Events.
Throughout the year, the school hosts events such as busking day (Primary only), bring and buy sales, bake sales, and concerts. Events that do not interrupt the school week include dance competitions, school plays, and secondary dances. The school also hosted the first TEDxYouth Event in South-East Asia, TEDxBangkokPatanaSchool. Often the music department hosts concerts pertaining to a particular style of music; these include the Patana Jazz and Blues, Patana Classic, Patana Plugged and Patana Unplugged, Summer Concerts, Christmas Concerts, etc.
Sports.
The sports teams in the school compete under the name and mascot of "Tigers". Each sports teams use variations of the Tiger name, such as the tiger sharks for the swim team. Bangkok Patana School opened their new sports hall in 2007 (to commemorate their 50th anniversary), which was opened by HRH the Princess of Thailand. Bangkok Patana School along with other schools from around South-East Asia compete in the FOBISSEA tournament every year. They have a range of, U9, U11, U13, U15, Junior Varsity and Varsity.
Arts Centre.
A new Arts Centre which constructed in Autumn 2010. 
A section from the weekly Patana newsletter states: 
"The new building will have a floor space of just under 10,000 square metres over three levels and will include a 600-seat tiered auditorium, 300-seat black box auditorium, drama rooms, recording studio, music teaching rooms and individual practice rooms, art rooms and photography darkroom."

</doc>
<doc id="2838699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838699" title="List of people on stamps of Sri Lanka">
List of people on stamps of Sri Lanka

This is a list of people on the postage stamps of Sri Lanka, formerly known as Ceylon.
The list is complete through 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="2838717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838717" title="Barry Morse">
Barry Morse

Herbert "Barry" Morse (10 June 1918 – 2 February 2008) was an English Canadian actor of stage, screen and radio best known for his roles in the ABC television series "The Fugitive" and the British sci-fi drama "". His performing career spanned seven decades and he had thousands of roles to his credit, including work for the BBC and the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation.
Beginnings.
Born to a Cockney family, Morse was a 15 year old school dropout and errand boy when he won a scholarship to the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art. He performed the role of the Lion in "Androcles and the Lion" and as a result came to know George Bernard Shaw, a patron of the academy. His first paid job as an actor while still a student was in "If I Were King". At graduation he starred in the title role of Shakespeare's "Henry V", presented as a Royal Command Performance for King George VI and Queen Elizabeth.
Career.
Radio.
Upon graduation, Morse won the BBC's Radio Prize which led to several parts and a leading role in "The Fall of the City". Later he played the lead in William Shakespeare's "Hamlet" and starred as Paul Temple in the radio series "Send for Paul Temple Again", among dozens of other roles. He later performed on CBC radio beginning in 1951 and continuing to the 1980s, including the long-running series "A Touch of Greasepaint", the Joe McCarthy-inspired "The Investigator", and "1984". He also starred in a number U.S. productions in the 1970s and 1980s for producer Yuri Rasovsky, including "The Odyssey of Homer", which won a Peabody Award.
Morse's final radio performance, "Rogues and Vagabonds - A Theatrical Scrapbook", aired on internet radio KSAV 7 August and 9 August 2007, prior to being released on compact disc. The hour-long special audio drama was composed of a half-dozen vignettes and performances culled from theatrical history, including William Shakespeare and George Bernard Shaw.
British stage.
Morse was a member of repertory theatre companies in Peterborough, Nottingham and other cities where he gained experience as an actor while playing more than 200 roles. In 1941 he joined the national tour of "The First Mrs. Fraser" starring Dame Marie Tempest and A.E. Matthews. He debuted on the London West End stage in "The School for Slavery". Other West End productions included "Escort", "The Assassin", and "A Bullet in the Ballet". He was directed by John Gielgud in "Crisis in Heaven". Morse developed a theatrical partnership with actress Nova Pilbeam and they worked together both in film and on stage, most notably in the hit stage productions of "The Voice of the Turtle" and "Flowers for the Living".
Film.
Morse made his film debut in the 1942 comedy "The Goose Steps Out" with Will Hay and continued with roles in "Thunder Rock", "When We Are Married", and "This Man is Mine" (released as "A Soldier for Christmas" in North America) with Glynis Johns and Nova Pilbeam. Other notable films include "Kings of the Sun" with Yul Brynner, "Justine", and "Puzzle of a Downfall Child" with Faye Dunaway. He also appeared in the thrillers "Asylum" with Peter Cushing, "Funeral Home" with Kay Hawtrey and Lesleh Donaldson, (1980), and "The Changeling" with George C. Scott. He worked on several Lacewood animated productions, notably as the voice of Dragon in "The Railway Dragon", alongside Tracey Moore who played Emily. In 1999 he filmed the dramatic comedy "Taxman" with Billy Zane, released as "Promise Her Anything" and on DVD as "Nothing to Declare". His final film appearance was in I Really Hate My Job, released in 2007.
Later stage work.
Morse performed on Broadway in "Hide and Seek", "Salad Days", and the lead of Frederick Rolfe in "Hadrian the Seventh", which he also played in Australia, co-starring with Frank Thring. He directed the historic debutof "Staircase" starring Eli Wallach and Milo O'Shea, which stands as Broadway's first depiction of homosexual men in a serious way[citation needed. He also starred in the U.S. national tour of Harold Pinter's "The Caretaker" as Davies.
He first presented a version of his one man show "Merely Players" in 1959, which explored the experiences of actors through history, with the definitive version of the show debuting in 1984 for a Canadian national tour. Morse was perhaps the only actor to have performed in every play of William Shakespeare and George Bernard Shaw.
Morse served as Artistic Director of the Shaw Festival of Canada for the 1966 season and as an Adjunct Professor at Yale Drama School in 1968.
In 1995, he premiered the Elizabeth Sharland play "The Private Life of George Bernard Shaw" in Toronto, also starring Shirley Knight. The play featured Morse in the role of "George Bernard Shaw" with ten actresses portraying the various women in Shaw's life. Morse later performed the play in 1997 at the British Theatre Museum in London.
With his son Hayward Morse, he starred in the 2004 North American debut of "Bernard and Bosie: A Most Unlikely Friendship" by Anthony Wynn, performed at the University of Florida, Sarasota. This two-act stage drama is based on the correspondence between playwright George Bernard Shaw, played by Morse, and Lord Alfred 'Bosie' Douglas (the intimate friend of Oscar Wilde), played by Hayward.
The following year, Morse appeared in the world premiere performance of the science fiction play "Contact" by Doug Grissom, co-starring Ryan Case and presented in Tampa, Florida.
Television.
Guest roles.
Morse guest starred in more than a thousand drama, comedy, and talk show presentations in the U.S., Canada and Britain. Early American appearances include the "U.S. Steel Hour," "Encounter," and "Playhouse 90". He also guest starred on such TV series as "Naked City", "The Untouchables", "The Twilight Zone", "Wagon Train", "The Defenders", The Starlost and "The Saint". In "The Outer Limits" episode "Controlled Experiment" he starred with Carroll O'Connor and Grace Lee Whitney. In "The Starlost" episode ""The Goddess Calabra"" he guest starred with John Colicos.
In his later years, Morse guest-starred in a number of Canadian-produced series, including "La Femme Nikita" and "", as well as such British series as "Doctors", "Waking the Dead" and "Space Island One".
Series.
Morse's first television series was "Presenting Barry Morse", which aired for thirteen weeks in the summer of 1960 on CBC. Some of his best known television roles included: Lt Philip Gerard on the 1960s series "The Fugitive" with David Janssen; "Prof. Victor Bergman" in the 1975-76 season of "" with Martin Landau, Barbara Bain and Zienia Merton; 'Mr. Parminter' in "The Adventurer" with Gene Barry; and "Alec 'The Tiger' Marlowe" in "The Zoo Gang" with Sir John Mills, Lilli Palmer and Brian Keith. In 1982 he played the Reaganesque U.S. President Johnny Cyclops in the satirical sitcom "Whoops Apocalypse" in the UK and hosted the series "Strange But True" for the Global and BBC
Mini-series.
Morse appeared in a number of television mini-series, including "The Winds of War" and "War and Remembrance" (both with Robert Mitchum), "The Martian Chronicles", "Sadat" and Frederick Forsyth's "Icon". Other notable miniseries appearances include "A Woman of Substance", "Master of the Game" and "Race for the Bomb".
Books.
The book based on his long-running stage play "Merely Players - The Scripts" was published in 2003. His first autobiography "Pulling Faces, Making Noises" was released in 2004.
"Stories of the Theatre" was published in 2006 and features material from his CBC radio series "A Touch of Greasepaint", which aired from 1954 to 1967.
His long-awaited theatrical memoir, "Remember With Advantages - Chasing 'The Fugitive' and Other Stories from an Actor's Life" (ISBN 9780786427710), (written with Robert E. Wood and Anthony Wynn), details his life and career. The book features a foreword written by Academy Award-winning actor Martin Landau and was released by McFarland and Company publishers in spring 2007.
Morse wrote the Afterword to "Destination: Moonbase Alpha - The Unofficial and Unauthorised Guide to SPACE: 1999" (ISBN 9781845830342), published in 2010 by Telos Publishing. Written by Robert E. Wood and featuring a colour photo section of models created for the series by Martin Bower, as well as a foreword by Zienia Merton, the book is the most comprehensive work ever published on the cult science fiction series "". Morse is extensively quoted throughout the book, as are numerous other series cast and crew.
Personal life.
Family life.
After a short courtship, Morse married actress Sydney Sturgess on 26 March 1939, during their work together in repertory theatre in Peterborough, Cambridgeshire. The couple had two children, Melanie Morse (1945–2005) and Hayward Morse (b. 1947).
In 1951, the Morse family moved to Canada, where he worked in radio and theatre, and participated in the first television broadcasts of CBC Television from Montreal, and later Toronto. Morse became a Canadian citizen in 1953.
Charitable work.
Barry Morse long supported a number of charitable organisations, including the Toronto-based Performing Arts Lodges of Canada, the Royal Theatrical Fund, the London Shakespeare Workout Prison Project, Actors' Fund of Canada, The Samaritans, BookPALS, and Parkinsons disease treatment and research.
The cause of Parkinson's disease held a special place in Morse's heart as his wife of more than 60 years, actress Sydney Sturgess, battled the illness for 14 years before her death in 1999. In later years, he also became an advocate for senior citizens in his adopted homeland of Canada.
Death.
Barry Morse died 2 February 2008 at University College London Hospital, aged 89, from undisclosed causes. His body was donated to medical science.

</doc>
<doc id="2838722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838722" title="Niels Laurits Høyen">
Niels Laurits Høyen

Niels Laurits Andreas Høyen, (4 June 1798 – 29 April 1870), Danish is considered to be the first Danish art historian and critic. He promoted a Danish nationalistic art through his writings and lectures, and exerted a far reaching effect on contemporary artists. His work in various cultural institutions helped steer the development of Danish art during the mid-19th century.
Growing up and early training.
Høyen was born in Copenhagen to distiller Anders Larsen Høyen and wife, Inger Margrethe. He was bright and did well in school. He was an avid reader, and was interested in art and history. He was lucky to have access to the day’s cultured homes that had been opened up to gifted students from modest backgrounds. He started his higher education in 1816. He first studied law, then theology, and then history, before finalising his studies with art history. He received a cand.phil. 
He then became a student at the Drawing School of the Royal Danish Academy of Art ("Det Kongelige Danske Kunstakademi") where he learned perspective and anatomy, and had access to such artists as Christoffer Wilhelm Eckersberg, Christian David Gebauer and Jens Peter Møller. He took part in establishing the Student Union.
With economic support from his father he left Copenhagen in September 1822 for a three-year student travel through Germany, Austria and Italy
Early career.
He was given the opportunity to give lectures at the Art Academy during the winter 1826-1827 on antique paintings. He was one of the founding members of the Art Union ("Kunstforeningen") in 1827, and he helped edit the first three volumes of ""Maanedsskrift for Litteratur"" ("Monthly Journal of Literature") in 1829. He resided in Hillerød a short time in 1828, during which time he became familiar with the large collection of artwork, mainly portraits, which were housed in Frederiksborg Castle, now The Museum of National History with Denmark’s most important collection of portraits and history paintings.
Høyen’s interest and enthusiasm for Danish art history was noticed by such influential men as Finance Deputy Jonas Collin, who has also participated in establishing the Art Union and was Secretary for the royal discretionary funds. These funds were used in 1829 to give Høyen a one-time grant to travel and study preservation-worthy art in the Danish provinces. Høyen traveled to Kronborg, Lund (Lund Cathedral), Lübeck, Holstein and some areas in Schleswig registering Denmark’s national treasures. The one-time grant was again given to Høyen in 1830, and in 1832 he received a two-year grant.
With Professor Niels Iversen Schow’s retirement in February 1829, he became Professor of History and Mythology at the Academy of Art, of which art history was a part of the curriculum. Soon art history became the focus of his teaching, and in 1831 focus was also placed on his compiling a history of Danish art.
He married Edele Birgitte Westengaard on 8 April 1832.
Høyen’s profound reach on Danish art life.
The Art Union sponsored competitions which set its mark on artists’ production. In its competition of 1834 one of the subjects was landscape painting featuring a Danish locale. Another that same year called for an interior or exterior view of a noteworthy or characteristic Danish building or public place. These competitions inspired Golden Age of Painting artists Christen Købke, Jørgen Roed and Constantin Hansen to paint such national-historical treasures as Danish church interiors and exteriors and views of Danish castles. The Art Union’s purchases of art work helped support artists in a time of dwindling royal economic support. Christen Købke’s first mature work "View of Århus Cathedral" ("Parti af Århus Domkirke"), painted in 1829, was purchased by the Art Union and is now in the collection of the Danish National Gallery ("Statens Museum for Kunst").
His notes from his travels around Denmark are kept in the archives of the National Museum of Denmark, and these have served as the basis for a national understanding of Denmark’s art history. His view and understanding of the nation’s treasures, have helped other’s understand the importance of works found throughout the country. He provided advice to artists, and was up-to-date on new developments.
In 1836 he was awarded a royal grant to travel to Paris on art historical research.
In 1839 he took over the position of Inspector of the Royal Painting Collection after Johan Conrad Spengler’s death, and then became Director of the same after the death of Christian Jurgensen Thomsen in 1865. The old collection, which was housed in the recently rebuilt Christiansborg Palace, was resuscitated as Høyen removed lesser works, moved important works over from royal residences and castles throughout the country, and arranged the works for best effect. Additionally he was instrumental in the purchase of new works by the country’s prominent new artists.
In March 1844 he held his famous lecture ""Om Betingelserne for en skandinavisk Nationalkonsts Udvikling"" ("On the conditions for the development of a Scandinavian National Art"), which inspired many to search out a new national and Scandinavian understanding of culture and art. This inspired genre artists, such as Frederik Vermehren, Julius Exner and Christen Dalsgaard, as well as landscape artists such as Johan Thomas Lundbye og P.C. Skovgaard.
He promoted a national art, and in 1847 he established the Nordic Art Society ("Selskabet for nordisk Kunst"). He gave lectures to a broader public, and on 26 June 1856 he was named as the first professor in art history at the University of Copenhagen.
He helped establish the large painting collection at Frederiksborg Castle, of which much was lost in the fire of 1859.
He was transitional director for the painting collection at Christiansborg Palace.
Høyen also gave lectures as part of a series from the Danish Church Historical Society, which starting in 1852 held meetings around the country in prominent churches, first off the country’s cathedrals. His lectures were usually given on the subject of the church itself where the meetings were held, thus bringing into immediate focus the objects and artworks directly at hand. He was a member of the Society's leadership 1861-1870, and helped lead the rebuilding of Viborg Cathedral 1864-1876 before his death in 1870.
Høyen’s legacy.
Høyen played a vital role in Danish nationalistic painting’s development around the middle of the 19th century. He advised young artists against going abroad to study art; rather, he insisted, they would be better served to remain in Denmark, undergo training and become independent before allowing themselves to be exposed to foreign influences. Høyen encouraged them to paint native landscapes and Danish monuments to the illustrious past, as well as to paint the people and surroundings of humble agricultural origin where life had not changed so much under industrialization.
His influence on art and artists also had its opposition, such as painter and Academy professor Wilhelm Marstrand who wrote, ""Hvad menes der med, at kunsten skal være national? [...] ligesom den samme Sol skinner over hele Verden, saaledes er Kunsten ikke bundet"" ("What does it mean that art needs to be national? … In the same way that the same sun shines over the whole earth, so is art not bound (to a specific land).")
Art in Denmark was split into two groups during this period, those oriented towards the Nordic (known as ”the blondes”) and those internationally oriented towards Europe (known as ”the brunettes”). At the higher levels the Nordic trend won, but it meant isolation for Danish art. At the World Exhibition in Paris 1878, a critic wrote that ""nok er Danmark repræsenteret ved kunstnere, men ikke med kunst"" ("Denmark is well represented with artists, but not with art").
Only parts of his lectures have been preserved in writing, and only a single one has been published. His works were published as a final act by the Nordic Art Society 1871-1876.
His legacy as an art historian and critic was followed up by Julius Lange, who quickly took over Høyen’s positions at the Academy and the University shortly after his death.

</doc>
<doc id="2838724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838724" title="Higher (Creed song)">
Higher (Creed song)

"Higher" is the first single released from Creed's 1999 album, "Human Clay". Vocalist Scott Stapp wrote the song about the power of lucid dreaming. "Higher" was Creed's major breakthrough hit which helped to place them firmly in the American mainstream music scene. It peaked at number seven on the Billboard Hot 100 on the issue dated July 22, 2000, and spent 57 weeks upon the survey, which is the longest stay for any Creed song on the Hot 100. Furthermore, it topped both the Modern Rock and Mainstream Rock tallies in the process, setting a then-record of 17 weeks for longest stay at the top of the Mainstream Rock chart. It also charted in the top five on the Adult Top 40 chart.
Background.
The song was written after Stapp used Lucid Dreaming to stop a recurring nightmare he had been experiencing in which he was pursued and killed by a gunman. In the dream, he would turn left at the end of a highway and hide under a bridge, only to be found by his assailant and shot. When he had studied Lucid Dreaming and tried the technique, he was able to turn right and escape the gunman. Stapp stated that after he wrote the lyrics, he never had the dream again.
Legacy.
"Higher" placed at #95 on VH1's ""100 Greatest Hard Rock Songs"" in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="2838732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838732" title="Cryptarrhena">
Cryptarrhena

Cryptarrhena is a genus of orchids (family Orchidaceae). It is the only genus in the tribe Cryptarrheneae. It consists of 3 known species, native to the New World Tropics.
External links.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2838739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838739" title="Kia Bongo">
Kia Bongo

The Kia Bongo (Hangul:기아 봉고), also known as the Kia K-Series or Kia Besta, is a pick-up truck and van produced by the South Korean manufacturer Kia Motors since 1980.
The Bongo was first launched in 1980 under the name "Bongo". In 1997, the third generation generation Bongo Frontier was launched. As of 2004, the Kia Bongo was in its fourth version, confusingly sold as the Kia Bongo III. "Frontier" was dropped from the name with this revision.
Background.
Kia has produced small and large trucks for the Korean market for at least 25 years. Rear-wheel-drive Bongo trucks have been on the market in Korea since at least the late 1980s, and these were equipped with a four-cylinder diesel engine. The Kia Bongo Frontier was originally available in RV or pickup trucks. It was replaced by the Kia Bongo III in 2004. The Bongo Frontier was the first Kia Motors car to be exported to Europe and South America.
First generation (1980–1993).
Production started in 1980 and coachvan started in 1981. Early Bongos had round headlights, although these were changed for square units in 1981. The first Bongos also used "Kiamaster" logos rather than simply "Kia". The Bongo originally came with the 2.2 liter "S2" engine with , although the 1.4 liter "UC" petrol engine was added in 1985. 'Wide Bongo' production started in 1987. Between 1987 and 1989 the Bongo was sold as the "Power Bongo", to reflect an upgrade to the 2.4 litre "SF" diesel engine. The Power Bongo also has wide rectangular headlights, rather than the smaller units used previously. The first generation Bongo was removed from production in December 1993, although the tougher Ceres version continued for another six years.
Kia Ceres.
The Kia Ceres was a special agricultural version, a one-ton truck. It shared a slightly longer front end with the Kia Titan. From 1986 this was also available with four-wheel drive; eventually the rear-wheel drive models were cancelled in the domestic market. The Ceres model was sold instead of the Bongo in some export markets where conditions are tough, such as the Philippines, Latin America, and Turkey. The Ceres utilized the original BA2 cabin but with a unique front clip. It was facelifted in 1995 when it received a new front clip with round headlights.
Second generation (1989–1997).
In January 1989 the second generation Bongo Wide (sold as plain "Bongo" in most export markets) appeared. It was largely a rebadged SR-series Mazda Bongo Brawny. In 1992, a 2.7-litre engine was introduced. In October 1994, Kia's new logo replaced the old "chimney" design. In 1995 a reengined and lightly facelifted version called the "Bongo J2" appeared; this reflected the name of the new engine. The second generation Bongo model for passengers (coach) is named the Kia "BestA", usually referred to as 'Besta' - a word that that unfortunately means "beast" (or "stupid") in Brazil. This did not stop the Besta from immediately becoming the highest selling minivan in the Brazilian market. The Besta name was also used for cargo van versions in many countries. The Besta originally had the 2.2 liter diesel engine with , but at the end of 1994 the 2.7 liter J2 unit was placed in the Besta as well. This version can reach .
The Bongo J2 also formed the basis for the new Kia Pregio, which replaced the Kia Besta (the coach version of the Bongo). The Besta 2.7 did continue in production alongside the Pregio until at least the summer of 1997 for markets where this lower priced model retained some popularity. Export models of the second generation Bongo often used the K2400 or K2700 labels.
Third generation (1997–2005).
The third generation Bongo appeared in April 1997, now with the "Bongo Frontier" name. The related van version, Pregio, was introduced in November 1995 and continued in production until 2006. A four-wheel drive version ("Bongo Frontier All Terrain") appeared in December 1999, this meant the final end of the Ceres trucks (with origins dating back to the 1977 Mazda Bongo BA2). The third Bongo had the same JS series 2.7 litre engine with as used in the previous model, although an optional 3 litre JT engine with was also made available from the beginning. In August 2001 this engine received an additional four horsepower.
Facelift.
A facelifted Bongo was introduced in 2000. The truck was discontinued in late 2003, while the Van and Coach models continued to be built until May 2005. With stricter emissions controls, the 4x4 dump truck model was discontinued at the same time.
Fourth generation (2004–present).
The fourth generation became known as the Kia Bongo III and the model was facelifted again. Engines were modernized (now with a common rail option) and gradually became more environmentally friendly.
Due to tighter emissions rules 1.2-ton and 1.4-ton discontinued in November 2006, and then because of low marketing, Coachvan, van, and trucks except 1-ton and 1.3-ton all ceased production in December 31, 2007. The Bongo III went on hiatus between October 2011 and January 2012, due to tighter emissions rules, but reemerged with a Euro V compliant engine.
A coachvan version of the Bongo III is still in production in Indonesia, where it is sold as the Kia Travello.
Names.
In some markets, including Europe, Australia and South America, the Bongo is branded as the Kia K-Series as: K2400 / K2700, but also as "Kia Frontier".
Right hand drive models are produced in Indonesia (locally marketed as Big-Up), while left hand drive models were produced in Ecuador from 2001 to 2004.
In Taiwan, the Bongo is known as Kia Kaon.

</doc>
<doc id="2838743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838743" title="One Last Breath">
One Last Breath

"One Last Breath" is a 2002 single by the band Creed, from their 2001 album "Weathered". It reached #6 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 singles chart, #5 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 Airplay and Mainstream Rock charts, as well as #4 on the "Billboard" Pop chart, and #2 on the Adult Top 40.

</doc>
<doc id="2838746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838746" title="Nicolas Jean Hugon de Bassville">
Nicolas Jean Hugon de Bassville

Nicolas Jean Hugon de Bassville or Basseville (February 7, 1743 – January 13, 1793), French journalist and diplomatist, was born at Abbéville.
He was trained for the priesthood, taught theology in a provincial seminary and then went to Paris. Here in 1784 he published "Éléments de mythologie" and some poems, which brought him into notice. On the recommendation of the prince of Condé he became tutor to two young Americans travelling in Europe. With them he visited Berlin, made the acquaintance there of Mirabeau, and became a member of the Berlin Royal Academy.
At the outbreak of the Revolution he turned to journalism, becoming editor of the "Mercure international". Then, through the Girondist minister Lebrun-Tondu, he entered the diplomatic service, went in May, 1792, as secretary of legation to Naples and was shortly afterwards sent, without official status, to Rome.
Here he acted as the outspoken revolutionary he was, rather than a conventional diplomat. He ordered the fleur-de-lys on the escutcheon of the French embassy to be replaced by a picture of Liberty painted by a French art student, proclaimed himself protector of the radical Jacobins in Rome, and demanded the expulsion of the French "émigrés" who had taken refuge there, including the "demoiselles Capet" (i.e. members of the French Royal Family).
He talked at large of the "purple geese of the Capitol" - i.e., the Sacred geese of Juno who were told in Roman Mythology to have saved the ancient City of Rome, a story taken up and given a Republican interpretation by French Revolutionaries.
Bassville met the remonstrances of Cardinal Zelada, the Papal Secretary of State, with insults.
His conduct enraged the more conservative elements of the Roman populace, who considered him to have "insulted the Pope". On the January 13, 1793 Bassville, who was driving with his family to the Via del Corso, was dragged from his carriage and lynched, so roughly handled that he died.
The affair was magnified in the Convention, being considered "a deliberate murder of the representative of the Republic" by the pope's orders. 
In 1797 an article of the treaty of Tolentino compelled the Papal government to pay compensation to Bassville's family.
Among his writings we may also mention "Mémoires historiques, critiques et politiques sur la Révolution de France" (Paris 1790; English trans. London, 1790).

</doc>
<doc id="2838747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838747" title="Ifor Bach">
Ifor Bach

Ifor Bach (meaning Ivor the Short) (fl. 1158) also known as Ifor ap Meurig and in anglicised form Ivor Bach, lord of Senghenydd, was a twelfth-century resident in and a leader of the Welsh in south Wales.
Welsh Lord of Senghenydd.
At this period the Normans had conquered England, but large areas of Wales were still under the control of the native Welsh Princes and Lords. Whilst parts of the old Welsh Kingdom of Morgannwg (which was to become Glamorgan) had fallen to the Normans, Ifor ap Meurig held land in Senghenydd, a region of Morgannwg which had not yet fallen completely. Broadly Senghennydd was the upland area bounded by Brecknock to the north, between the River Taff and the Rhymney River and abutting Cefn Onn in the south.
The Norman Lord of the region was William Fitz Robert, 2nd Earl of Gloucester. 
In 1158 he attacked and killed Morgan ab Owain, Welsh Lord of Caerleon and Gwynllwg (anglicised as Wentloog).
Kidnapped the Earl of Gloucester.
According to Giraldus Cambrensis in the "Itinerarium Cambriae", in 1158 Ifor Bach was a tenant of William, Earl of Gloucester, who held Cardiff Castle. Gloucester was trying to take land which under Welsh law belonged to Ifor.
Ifor scaled the walls of Cardiff Castle using his bare hands, seized the Earl, his Countess Hawise, a daughter of the Earl of Leicester, and their young son Robert, and kidnapped all of them to the woods of Senghenydd. He refused to release them until he had recovered the land he had lost "and a lot more". 
Descendants.
He married Nest, sister of Rhys ap Gruffudd (also known as The Lord Rhys).
Descendants of Ifor ap Meurig continued to hold sway in the area and to harry the Normans for at least another century. He was succeeded by his son Gruffudd before 1170. Gruffudd ap Ifor married Mabel FitzRobert, a natural daughter of Robert, Earl of Gloucester, and half sister of the kidnapped earl. Ifor's descendants included his grandson Morgan Gam and his great-grandson Llywelyn Bren and, through Gruffudd and Mabel, Franklin Pierce.
Ifor ap Meurig is reputed to have built a medieval castle on the site now occupied by Castell Coch.
Modern times.
Clwb Ifor Bach, a nightclub in Cardiff city centre is named after him, as is Ysgol Ifor Bach, a Welsh medium primary school in Abertridwr.

</doc>
<doc id="2838750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838750" title="Meglio Stasera">
Meglio Stasera

Meglio Stasera (known in English as It Had Better Be Tonight) is a 1963 song with music by Henry Mancini, Italian lyrics by Franco Migliacci and English lyrics by Johnny Mercer. It was composed for the 1963 film "The Pink Panther" where it was performed by Fran Jeffries. In addition to the vocal performance, instrumental portions of the song appear in the film's underscore, sometimes as an introduction to the main "Pink Panther Theme".
Lyrics and translation.
The beginning of the song, in the original Italian, is here followed by a literal translation and the first two lines of the English version which contains an Italian expression, "Fa' subito!", which translates as "do it right away", but which does not appear in the Italian lyrics. However, all the versions carry the same underlying meaning of "Let's make love tonight, because who knows what will happen tomorrow."
Other versions.
The song has been recorded in a number of versions. The Italian version performed by Fran Jeffries appears in the film, but not on the soundtrack album. An instrumental that resembles the underscore of Jeffries' version is included on the soundtrack album, as is a group vocal with only vaguely related English lyrics (which can be heard in the film during the fancy-dress ball and costume party whilst the attempted robbery is taking place). Another Italian version, arranged by Ennio Morricone and performed by Miranda Martino, in 1963, on the compilation album "Da Hollywood a Cinecittà". Morricone later also did an instrumental version on compilation albums. A version that appears in another Sellers, Blake Edwards & Mancini collaboration, the 1968 film "The Party". Other singers to subsequently record the song include Sarah Vaughan, on her 1965 album "Sarah Vaughan Sings the Mancini Songbook", and Lena Horne. An instrumental lounge-style version was recorded by The Hub Kings on their album "This Way". John Barrowman performed the song during his 2008 tour. Accordionist Frank Marocco recorded the song together with "Quando, Quando, Quando", as part of a two-song medley on his compilation album "Beyond the Sea". His arrangement appears in one of his sheet-music book combinations, titled "Latin Rhythms". A Chill-style remake of this song was done by Italian group Mondo Candido. It appears on the mix album "Buddha Bar V". A mambo-style version of the song was recorded by the swing revival group Lee Press-on and the Nails for the album "El Bando en Fuego". A version of the song was recorded by Mic Gillette on his album "Ear Candy". A Spanish version was also recorded in Santiago, Chile, by Bambi, a popular singer in the mid-1960s. The title was "Mejor Ahora". The Greek singer Elli Paspala performed the Italian version on her 1993 live album "Η Ελλη Παπσπαλά στο Μέγαρο Μουσικής".
Michael Bublé version.
"It Had Better Be Tonight (Meglio Stasera)" was later covered by Canadian crooner Michael Bublé, and released as the fourth single from his third studio album, "Call Me Irresponsible". Bublé's version of the song is an adaptation of the musical arrangement previously made for Lena Horne.
Background.
Bublé's version of the song reached #74 in the UK Singles Chart after being used in an advertising campaign for Marks & Spencer. The track became one of Bublé's most remixed songs, with mixes by Eddie Amador being made available for download. No music video was made to accompany the release, as Bublé was away on tour at the time of the single's release. A promotional physical version of the single was made available in the United States, where other countries only received a digital release of the single.

</doc>
<doc id="2838752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838752" title="Sobraliinae">
Sobraliinae

Sobraliinae is a subtribe of orchids (family Orchidaceae). Sobraliinae includes two genera, "Elleanthus" and "Sobralia".

</doc>
