<doc id="2839622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839622" title="The Mansions of the Gods">
The Mansions of the Gods

The Mansions of the Gods is the seventeenth volume of the Asterix comic book series, by René Goscinny (stories) and Albert Uderzo (illustrations). It was originally serialized in the magazine" Pilote", issues 591-612, in 1971, and translated into English in 1973. It was the first not to use Asterix's name in the title (Obelix and Co. later became the only other).
Plot summary.
With the intent to wipe out the Gaulish village by any means necessary, Caesar concocts a plan to absorb the villagers into Roman culture by having an estate built next to the village to start a new Roman colony. The colony is to be called the Mansions of the Gods.
The project is led by the architect Squaronthehypotenus, who begins by getting an army of slaves of various races and countries to pull down the trees in the forest. With the help of Getafix's magic, Asterix and Obelix sabotage the plan by planting instant-growth trees, magically enhanced by one of druid Getafix's potions, thus repairing the damage. Obsessed with getting the work done, an increasingly erratic Squaronthehypotenus threatens to work the slaves to death. Taking this remark literally, Asterix gives them magic potion with which to fight back.
Although the slaves, led by a Numidian called Flaturtha, do rise up in rebellion, they do not stop work and leave, as Asterix intended. Instead they insist on better working conditions, regular pay and being freed with the consent of their masters after completing the first building of the Mansions of the Gods (the negotiations seem similar to that of modern-day employers and trade unionists). Upon hearing that the slaves are getting better pay than they are, the Roman legionaries also go on strike demanding similar and better conditions for themselves (a common occurrence among French strikers). Since the freedom of the slaves depends on constructing at least one building, the Gauls allow the work to proceed after Flaturtha complains and Getafix says they should let the slaves proceed. After their release the slaves "float a company" with their wages and become the (almost) luckless pirates of other adventures.
Finally, the first building of the Mansions of the Gods is built and inhabited by Roman families. One couple is forced to go, after the husband wins an apartment in a competition at the arena under coercion of getting eaten by lions if he refuses. These Romans then go shopping at the village which, before too long, turns into a market town with the inhabitants opening a variety of shops, antique and fish, to cater to the Romans. In addition, they start to engage in price wars, literally since there is an actual fist-fight over the issue. The villagers are in disunion and some are adapting to Roman ways, which was Caesar's intention.
Bashing Roman soldiers is one thing, but Getafix insists that civilians are not to be attacked since they are in fact innocent pawns in Caesar's scheme. Thus Asterix comes up with an alternative plan to get the Romans to leave. He asks Squaronthehypotenus for an apartment, but is told they are full up. Then the unlucky Roman couple mentioned earlier is continuously harassed by Obelix, who is acting like a rabid monster, with Asterix holding him back. This is enough for the terrified husband, and the next day the couple leaves and returns to Rome. No sooner have they gone that Asterix arranges for Cacofonix the bard to move into the vacated apartment. As a result of the bard's night-time practising, the rest of the Roman inhabitants are quick to return to Rome as well. Squaronthehypotenus tries to keep the place in business by bringing the local Roman soldiers in as tenants, and naturally expels Cacofonix from the building. The Gauls take this as an insult to their pride and bring the building down to the ground.
The Mansions of the Gods are no more, and Squaronthehypotenus goes to Egypt to build pyramids in the desert. That evening the Gauls hold their usual celebratory banquet (in which Cacofonix takes part) and the ruins of the mansion ending up as picturesque parts of the woodland due to Getafix's treated seeds.
Commentary.
The book represents a particularly potent satire of 1970s France. Following the explosive riots of May 1968, Goscinny took Asterix in a direction with increasing content referring to current political events in France. This album represents both his criticism of technocracy (the young urban planner), the gigantic "villes nouvelles" (new cities) of high-rises which were being created around Paris and especially advertising — the promotion of the Mansions of the Gods which reads like a parody of soon-to-be erected golden real estate investment opportunity.
The quizmaster in the Circus Maximus who coerces the reluctant winner to accept his prize is a caricature of the French television entertainer Guy Lux.
Adaptations.
"The Mansions of the Gods" will be adapted as a computer-animated feature film titled "". Produced in France by M6 Studio and Mikros Images it will be the first Asterix animated film in 3D, and will be released in France on November 26, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="2839626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839626" title="Asterix in Switzerland">
Asterix in Switzerland

Asterix in Switzerland is the sixteenth volume of the "Asterix" comic book series, by René Goscinny (stories) and Albert Uderzo (illustrations). It was originally serialized in "Pilote" magazine issues 557–578 in 1970 and translated into English in 1973.
Plot summary.
Condatum's Roman governor Varius Flavus has been "setting aside for himself" (i.e. embezzling) a large majority of the taxes he collects in order to finance a debauched lifestyle of never-ending parties, sending only a pittance to Rome. Quaestor Vexatius Sinusitus is sent by Rome in order to investigate. Flavus finds that the stiff, no-nonsense Quaestor will not be easy to corrupt so, while pretending to co-operate, he serves him food laced with poison and provides an inept team of doctors who make absurd guesses at the cause of Sinusitus' distress. Realizing his life is in danger, Sinusitus sends for the druid Getafix. Getafix, who identifies the malady as attempted murder by poison, agrees to brew an antidote for Sinusitus. However, he requires an essential ingredient, a flower called the silver star (edelweiss), which only grows on the highest mountains of Helvetia.
Getafix sends Asterix and Obelix to Helvetia (Switzerland) to retrieve the flower. He also insists that Sinusitus remain in their Gaulish village as a hostage as, he claims, in order to guarantee Asterix and Obelix's return. This is actually a ruse to get Sinusitus away from Flavus, whom Getafix understands is the would-be killer. Asterix and Obelix reach Helvetia but soon run into difficulties set by the Romans, as Varius Flavus has warned his colleague in Helvetia, the equally-corrupt Curious Odus, of their arrival. Thus the Gauls find themselves continually chased by the Romans, but they manage to get help from some courageous Helvetians, including the hotel manager Petitsuix, Zurix the bank manager and some Helvetian veterans who hold a celebration at Lake Geneva.
After some difficulties — including Obelix passing out from draining a whole cask of plum wine — the two Gauls manage to secure an edelweiss. A few days later, Varius Flavus comes to the village and asks how Sinusitus is doing, dropping hints that he should be executed. But Asterix and Obelix have returned to the village and Getafix has made his antidote. Now cured, Sinusitus confronts Flavus and with the aid of some magic potion punches Flavus into the sky, announcing that he will now expose the corruption and that Flavus and Odus will be facing the lions in the Circus in Rome.
The story ends with the usual banquet, with Sinusitus being the first Roman ever to participate.
Commentary.
Following the protests of May 1968, Goscinny started introducing more "adult" themes such as the opening "orgy" scene which parodies Federico Fellini's debauched Roman film, "Satyricon". The painted faces, feeling of ennui, mechanical gorging of elaborate food and sado-masochistic punishments are nicely counterbalanced by the annoying (to the Romans) fastidiousness of the Swiss servants who keep cleaning up messes, washing whips, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="2839627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839627" title="Dongzhi (solar term)">
Dongzhi (solar term)

The traditional East Asian calendars divide a year into 24 solar terms (節氣). Dōngzhì (pīnyīn) or Tōji (rōmaji) () is the 22nd solar term, and marks the winter solstice. It begins when the Sun reaches the celestial longitude of 270° and ends when it reaches the longitude of 285°. It more often refers in particular to the day when the Sun is exactly at the celestial longitude of 270°. In the Gregorian calendar, it usually begins around 21 December (22 December East Asia time) and ends around 5 January.
Along with equinoxes, solstices () mark the "middle" of East Asian calendar seasons. Thus, in "", the Chinese character "至" means "extreme" and the term for the "winter solstice" directly signifies the summit of winter, as "midwinter" is used in English.
In China, Dongzhi was originally celebrated as an end-of-harvest festival. Today, it is observed with a family reunion over the long night, when pink and white "tangyuan" are eaten in sweet broth to symbolise family unity and prosperity.

</doc>
<doc id="2839629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839629" title="Hippios">
Hippios

Hippios may be:

</doc>
<doc id="2839630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839630" title="Asterix and the Roman Agent">
Asterix and the Roman Agent

Asterix and the Roman Agent (, "Strife") is the fifteenth volume of the Asterix comic book series, by René Goscinny (stories) and Albert Uderzo (illustrations). It first appeared as a serial in "Pilote" magazine issues 531-552 in 1970 and was translated into English in 1972.
Plot summary.
The resistance of the Gaulish village against the Romans causes friction between dictator Julius Caesar and the Roman Senate, whose power has been reduced by Caesar. With their Magic Potion which gives them superhuman strength and is known only to their druid Getafix, they easily stand up against Rome and her laws.
At a meeting with his associates it is suggested to Caesar that causing internal conflict between the Gauls will lead to their breakdown. He is then told by another Official about Tortuous Convolvulus, a natural troublemaker who used to live in an Insula owned by the Official and can cause dissension and stir up fights between anyone. These included the lions which were to devour him in the circus the other tenants got him sent to, but ended up eating each other. His mere presence even causes an argument and a fight between Caesar's guards and associates. Impressed by his abilities, Caesar sends him to deal with the Gauls. On the way, Convolvulus causes fighting on the ship, from the captain to the galley slaves. The pirates try to attack the ship, but are surprised to see that the people on the ship are more occupied with fighting among themselves than defending themselves against their attack. Convolvulus then says he gave one of the Pirates a bag of gold in Rome and was told they would not attack. This causes the Pirates to fight, which ends with the ship being scuttled. The Pirates realize their foolishness too late, and ruefully comment that they do not even need the Gauls to make fools of themselves.
Meanwhile in the Gaulish village, unaware of all this, things are being organised for Chief Vitalstatistix's birthday, a celebration of friendship all round. One who is not looking forward to it is his own wife, Impedimenta, who complains about all the eating and drinking that will go with it as well as the burden of useless and non-valuable presents including a mounting collection of swords, shields, stuffed fish and menhirs with huge ribbons.
Arriving in Gaul, Convolvulus moves into the nearby Roman camp of Aquarium and gets a description of the village inhabitants. He then goes to the village and quickly stirs up distrust between the Gauls: he gives a valuable vase to Asterix whom he describes as the "most important man in the village", to the outrage of Chief Vitalstatistix who considers himself the most important. The other villagers take this announcement seriously, with Impedimenta having fights with the other women on the subject of who is the most important and then privately dismissing her husband as a failure.
Further gossip and rumours lead to the belief by many in the village that Asterix, who is close to Getafix the druid, has sold the secret of the druid's Magic Potion to the Romans. Suspicion and paranoia becomes part of everyday life to the point that the banquet to celebrate the Chief's birthday is held in sullen silence. This has Cacofonix baffled as he is the only one unaware of what is happening. Leading this atmosphere of distrust are Fulliautomatix the blacksmith, Geriatrix the oldest inhabitant and their wives, one of whom goes so far as demanding to leave the area entirely. Convolvulus does not have the Magic Potion, but his whole plan rests on making the Gauls believe that he does.
Through other tricks and deception, Convolvulus convinces the Gauls that their suspicions are well founded and that the Romans have the Magic Potion. His Psychological Warfare is misinterpreted by the large Legionary Magnumopus as hitting people with clubs. When Fullautomatix and Unhygienix go to the camp to check, they see 'potion' being given to Romans. Realising the Gauls are spying on them from Unhygienix giving off a smell of fish, Convolvulus has a small Legionary pretend to knock out Magnumopus, causing the two Gauls to flee back to the village. However his plan works a little too well when even the Roman troops of Aquarium believe that they have the Magic Potion and insist on drinking it, even though it is not actually available to them.
The real turning point in his ruse, however, occurs when some of the deceived villagers openly voice their suspicions that Asterix and Getafix gave the secret of the Magic Potion to the Romans. This provides Asterix and Getafix with the excuse they need to announce a self-imposed exile and they leave the village with their heads held high. Obelix goes with them; he is himself confused as to whether or not the Romans have the Potion, but loyally sticks by his two best friends. They in fact intend to expose Convolvulus and teach the other Gauls a lesson in trust. The shock of their departure and their seeming helplessness against Roman attack has the villagers thinking they have acted foolishly.
Asterix and Getafix confront Convolvulus and announce that they are leaving the area with Obelix and the Magic Potion. Taking them at their word, Convolvulus persuades the Roman commander, centurion Platypus, to attack the village. At first the Legion arms themselves with clubs, thinking this is Psychological Warfare, but Platypus orders them to arm properly. The Gauls take the Roman's fake potion back to the village, smashing through a row of Romans to get through. As the villagers suspect their folly, it is easy for Asterix, Getafix and Obelix to prove to them that the idea of the Romans having the Magic Potion was all due to trickery and deceit on Convolvulus's part. Convolvulus sees this and realises his trick has been discovered, causing him to tell Platypus. Getafix makes some Magic Potion while Platypus summons for reinforcements after Asterix and Obelix beat back his garrison.
After drinking the real Magic Potion, the Gaulish villagers engage in a major battle with all four of the Roman garrisons that surround them. After winning the fight, they turn the tables on Convolvulus in an ingenious move: they thank him, treating him as one of their own, and give him the vase he gave Asterix earlier on. This tricks the Roman troops into believing that Convolvulus is a traitor who deliberately engineered their defeat and the vase is smashed as they arrest him. He is sent back to Rome for punishment, with a hint that this may be easier said than done given his peculiar talent. It is already causing arguments on the ship taking him back to Rome.
In the village there are apologies all round and it is agreed to hold another birthday for Vitalstatistix and make up for the previous one which was held in moody silence. Asterix however decides that he is entitled to a little of his own back after being suspected of being a traitor himself. The next day he is seen being proudly carried on a shield by Obelix in the same way that Vitalstatistix usually goes about his business. In a manner that Convolvulus would be proud of, this leads to gossip that Asterix has been appointed Vitalstatistix's successor and an argument and a fight between the wives as to which of their husbands would make the better chief. The men soon join in and peace is only restored when Asterix claims that he was simply testing the shield that he intends to give to Chief Vitalstatistix. Getafix says that they can't be blamed as they are only human, and Obelix exclaims "These humans are crazy!".
The story ends with the traditional banquet which doubles for a better celebration of Vitalstatistix's birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="2839632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839632" title="Asterix in Spain">
Asterix in Spain

Asterix in Spain is the fourteenth volume of the Asterix comic book series, by René Goscinny (stories) and Albert Uderzo (illustrations). It was originally serialized in "Pilote" magazine, issues 498-519, in 1969, and translated into English in 1971. The title is not a direct translation from the original "Astérix en Hispanie" as this would be "Asterix in Hispania", the Roman name for the Iberian Peninsula.
Plot summary.
A group of Iberian resistance fighters are holding out against the Romans, very much like Asterix's village, so the Romans kidnap Chief Huevos Y Bacon's son, Pepe. As the Romans are taking him to a garrison in Gaul (as it happens, it is one of the garrisons close to the Gaulish village), Asterix and Obelix beat up the Romans, who are under the command of the Roman officer Spurius Brontosaurus and take Pepe to their village. Obelix is assigned to take care of Pepe, but the boy proves to be highly taxing (especially in Obelix's opinion when Pepe and little Dogmatix take a shine to one another), so Asterix and Obelix are assigned to take him back home.
Asterix, Obelix, Pepe and Dogmatix travel to Spain, but little do they know that Spurius Brontosaurus — who has returned to Iberia in the meantime — has spotted them and is now accompanying them in disguise to take Pepe back to Gaul. If Brontosaurus fails, it would mean being fed to the lions in the circus for him.
Brontosaurus sees Asterix and Obelix beat up some bandits, so he plans to steal the magic potion. That night, when they are asleep, Brontosaurus steals the potion but is caught red-handed by Asterix, and in the subsequent chase both run into a group of Roman legionaries. The legionaries take Asterix and Brontosaurus to the commander-in-chief, who throws Asterix and Brontosaurus in the dungeon. In the circus of Hispalis they are both pitched against an aurochs. A woman drops her red cloak, so Asterix gets it. The aurochs keeps on charging at him, so he gets the cloak out of the aurochs's way to keep it from getting dirty, thereby introducing bullfighting. With his victory, Asterix is released, and Spurius Brontosaurus, discharged from the army, gladly decides to make his living as a bullfighter.
Obelix has meanwhile brought Pepe back to his village. Asterix arrives at the village which is being besieged by Romans. In his eagerness to be re-united with Asterix, Obelix rushes through the Roman lines, scattering them all over the place. They then say a tearful goodbye to Pepe and the Iberians and return to Gaul for the usual banquet, Obelix giving a demonstration of Spanish dancing and singing that, it is hinted by Fulliautomatix (by muttering "A fish, a fish, my kingdom for a fish!") will lead to one of the typical internal fights in the Gaulish village.

</doc>
<doc id="2839633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839633" title="Gujeolpan">
Gujeolpan

Gujeolpan refers to either an elaborate Korean dish consisting of nine different foods assorted on a wooden plate with nine divided sections in an octagon shape or the plate itself. The name is composed of three hanja words: "gu" (구, "nine" ), "jeol" (절, "section"), and "pan" (판, "plate") in Korean. Foods are separated by color and ingredients, and comprise various "namul" (seasoned leaf vegetables), meats, mushrooms, and seafood items. In the center of the tray is a stack of small "jeon" (Korean style pancakes) made with wheat flour, which are called "miljeonbyeong" (밀전병). In addition to its use as a food platter used to serve many dishes of food at once, "gujeolpan" is also considered a decorative item.
History and aesthetic appeal.
The history of "gujeolpan" dates back as early as the 14th century in which it has become closely associated with the Joseon royalty. The octagonal dish itself can be made of wood or plastic and its divided into eight side sections and one center section; slightly resembling a flower. It also can include elaborate carvings, gem encrustations and detailed drawings. Original royal "gujeolpan" dish platters can be observed in museums as featured artifacts in royal table setting reconstructions. 
"Gujeolpan" is considered to be one of the most beautiful and colorful centerpiece Korean dishes. The nine sections are carefully divided and assorted with an appropriate amount of assorted meats and vegetables to make it colorful and aesthetically appealing. It has even been said that author Pearl S. Buck was so amazed by the beauty and colorful appearance of "gujeolpan" that she could not stop praising it, and as a result, refused to eat it as she did not want to "destroy such a beautiful thing by eating it."
Consumption.
What was once available to Korean nobility can now be enjoyed by anyone in many places in Korea that specialize in preparing ancient Korean cuisine (though in some establishments it can be quite expensive). It is also sometimes prepared for wedding banquets. Each of the outer sections has different varieties of meat and vegetables, such as carrots, mushrooms, beef, bean sprouts, leeks, radishes, etc. while the center section is usually reserved for" miljeonbyeong", which are small circular, paper-thin wheat flatcakes similar, though smaller and softer than tortillas. These are used to wrap the various meats and vegetables from each of the eight sections. "Gujeolpan" consumers pick and choose from the various eight sections, put them on a sheet of "miljeongbyeong", wrap it and eat it whole.

</doc>
<doc id="2839635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839635" title="Fort Loudoun Lake">
Fort Loudoun Lake

Fort Loudoun Lake is a reservoir in east Tennessee on the upper Tennessee River, extending about along the river upstream from Fort Loudoun Dam, at Lenoir City, to Knoxville. 
Fort Loudoun Reservoir takes its name from the 18th-century British fort built on a nearby site during the French and Indian War. The fort was named for John Campbell, the fourth Earl of Loudoun, commander of British forces in North America at the time.
Fort Loudoun is a popular recreation destination, known for bass fishing, boating, and birdwatching. The tailwater area immediately below the dam is an excellent site for viewing a variety of waterbirds, including herons, cormorants, gulls, osprey, and bald eagles. 
The reservoir is connected by a short canal to Tellico Reservoir on the nearby Little Tennessee River. Water is diverted through the canal to Fort Loudoun for power production. The canal also offers commercial barges access to Tellico without the need for a lock. Barges passing through the Fort Loudoun lock carry about half a million tons of cargo a year.

</doc>
<doc id="2839638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839638" title="Halifax railway station">
Halifax railway station

Halifax railway station serves the town of Halifax in West Yorkshire, England. It lies on the Caldervale Line and is west from .
Platform 2 heads eastbound, towards Bradford while Platform 1 heads westbound towards , , and Manchester Victoria. The two routes divide about a mile south of the station at "Dryclough Junction".
To the east, the line also divided with the current line passing into Beacon Hill tunnel and a disused line via Halifax North Bridge to Ovenden, then going on to a junction at Holmfield with the Halifax High level line which had stations in Pellon and at St Paul's, Queens Road; and via to Bradford and Keighley, for destinations in the North-West.
Description.
The station has a car park, bicycle parking and a pick up point, like many other stations. There is also a staffed ticket booth with option of paying for a ticket using a ticket machine. A lift to the platform is available for wheelchair users, but there are currently no lower counters for easier access to buy tickets.
Entry to the station is via a cobbled road bridge from opposite the bottom of Horton Street. Passengers arriving by foot who have walked down Winding Road from the bus station are forced to cross over this bridge to access the right hand pavement, which is the only pedestrian access. The decision to allow car parking on the left side some years ago makes for safety issues at peak period times.
A campaign, run by the local newspaper the "Halifax Evening Courier" was started to get the station refurbished. The paper said that it wanted a station fit "for the 21st century" and that its current state was "disgraceful". Due to the amount of support generated, Network Rail and Northern Rail agreed to do so.
Work on a £2.5 million refurbishment scheme has seen the station footbridge and canopies repaired, new glazing and lighting installed and repainting of the structures and was begun in May 2009. The second phase of the refurbishment, covering the platform and the concourse, was completed in November 2010.
History.
The original station was built at Shaw Syke, approximately west of the current location and opened on 1 July 1844 by the Manchester and Leeds Railway as the terminus of a branch off their main line from Manchester to Normanton. With the opening of the line between Halifax and Bradford on 7 August 1850, a new station was opened on the current site; this had temporary wooden buildings. The station at Shaw Syke was then extended and used as a goods depot The permanent buildings at the current site were designed by Thomas Butterworth and opened on 23 June 1855. This Grade II listed building now houses the nursery associated with the Eureka! Children's Museum.
A new line was constructed by the Great Northern Railway in the mid-1870s from the main station over a long viaduct to a station at North Bridge, and then across and indeed partly in tunnel beneath the hilly terrain north of the town to an unusual triangular station at Queensbury, where the line divided into track for Keighley (and Skipton, Carlisle and Morecambe) to the north-west, and Bradford in the east.
Halifax station was redesigned during 1884–85, and completely rebuilt during 1885–86. Part of the new station opened on 25 October 1885, and the remainder on 30 May 1886. The new station had separate accommodation for LYR and GNR trains, the latter being on the west side.
The Halifax High Level Railway was a related branch line opened in 1890, leading from Holmfield near Ovenden, on the line to Queensbury, through a half-mile tunnel through the ridge and across the Wheatley Valley on a ten arch viaduct past Samuel Webster's brewery, to Pellon, where there were sizeable goods facilities and then to St Paul's railway station in Queens Road. This branch line gradually fell into disuse, losing its regular passenger service as early as 1917. The last goods train ran in 1960 and the line was then dismantled, leaving the viaduct standing as a reminder of the former freight link.
The Queensbury branch as a whole was closed in stages from 1955 onwards although many of its engineering features remain. The route has lately been adopted and to an extent brought back into public use and attention by Sustrans as a walking and cycle route. The principal structure on the line, Queensbury Tunnel, was, at its opening, the longest on the GNR system at . It is currently derelict, partially flooded and impassible.
To distinguish it from Halifax St. Paul's and Halifax North Bridge stations, the main station was known from June 1890 as Halifax Old Station. On 30 September 1951 the name was changed again to Halifax Town, and on 12 June 1961 it reverted to Halifax.
Services.
Eastbound: Monday to Saturdays there is a train every 15 minutes heading to Bradford Interchange and Leeds with two trains per hour going beyond Leeds to or . During the evenings and on Sundays it is half-hourly to Leeds and hourly to York.
Westbound: Monday to Saturday daytimes there is a half-hourly service to Manchester Victoria (hourly evenings), one train an hour to and one per hour to via Huddersfield and Brighouse. One of the two Manchester trains is semi-fast (calling only at Hebden Bridge, Todmorden and Rochdale), whilst the other calls at all intermediate stations to Rochdale.
On Sundays there is an hourly service to Manchester Victoria and to Blackpool North and one train every two hours to Huddersfield.
London services.
The station now sees regular services to London Kings Cross via Pontefract and Doncaster. In January 2009, Grand Central had their application for train paths to run a Bradford Interchange to London service accepted by the Office of Rail Regulation. Three trains per day operate now that full approval for the service has been granted - these use Class 180 units and started running from the 23 May 2010. A fourth service to and from London is due to commence at the December 2013 timetable change
British Rail operated a through service to London Kings Cross which ceased in the 1970s. In 1973 a train of five coaches hauled by a diesel engine left Halifax Mondays to Fridays at 08:35 calling at Huddersfield and Wakefield Westgate where it was attached to the rear of the 09:20 Leeds-Kings Cross. To do this the engine ran round the train at Huddersfield and Wakefield Kirkgate, so the train reversed three times. Patronage was low. There were two through trains from London Kings Cross at 17:30 and 22:50. These only reversed once (at Huddersfield) as the train split at Doncaster.

</doc>
<doc id="2839647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839647" title="Traditional Nordic dance music">
Traditional Nordic dance music

Traditional Nordic dance music is a type of traditional music or folk music that once was common in the mainland part of the Nordic countries — Scandinavia plus Finland. The person who plays this kind of music might be called "speleman" (Swedish/Norwegian), "spelman" (Swedish), "spel(l)emann" (Norwegian), "pelimanni" (Finnish) or "spillemand" (Danish). Finnish traditional dance music is often called "pelimanni music" in English, while there does not seem to exist a similar, widespread term for the corresponding music from the other countries. It is often more meaningful to distinguish between the traditional dance music from different regions than between music from the countries as such. Some concepts in the field can be defined as Norwegian or Finnish, but most are either common to all four countries or local. Besides the dance music tradition, all countries also have other traditions of folk music that are not shared to a similar extent.
Nordic folk dance music consists of various dance rhythms that do not originate in the Nordic countries but once were the fashion dances among the European nobility. With time these dances spread to common people, and in some cases they remained there long after the nobility had exchanged them for new fashionable dances. Many of these rhythms can also be found in other parts of Europe, and some of them have also been used in classical music.
The majority of the tunes are in minor keys. Traditionally, there were many tunes in keys that can not be classified as either minor or major (Modes). Traces of this still exist, but most of that disappeared when the accordion became popular. The majority of the dances that go with this music are partner dances, though exceptions do exist. Such exceptions include the minuets that are common in some parts of Finland and that can also be found in parts of Sweden, the solo-dance halling, generally considered typically Norwegian but also found in parts of Sweden, and the Finnish quadrille danced by several couples in formation. The most common dance rhythm is the polska. It is in 3/4 (three beats to the bar). In the most common polskas, the third beat is accentuated as well as the first. There are many local versions of the polska rhythm, and generally local variations of the accompanying dance correspond to these differences, though many of these local dances have disappeared. The schottische, also known as reinlender, polka and waltz are other common dance rhythms. In addition there are many other more uncommon dance rhythms (e.g. the anglais), despite a small number of surviving tunes. 
The most typical instrument is the fiddle. In most cases normal violins are used, but there are exceptions such as the hardingfele, used in parts of Norway, which has a set of sympathetic strings in addition to the normal four strings. Another unique instrument, the nyckelharpa (keyed fiddle), probably once existed in a large part of Europe, but survived until modern times only in Sweden. Other instruments that were used traditionally were simple clarinets, and later accordions. The Swedish säckpipa is, as well as older types of nyckelharpa and hurdy-gurdy, a link to the older traditions of drone music. Contemporary Nordic traditional dance musicians might also use other less traditional instruments, as well as writing new tunes in the old style.

</doc>
<doc id="2839649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839649" title="Generic array logic">
Generic array logic

The Generic Array Logic (also known as GAL) device was an innovation of the PAL and was invented by Lattice Semiconductor. The GAL was an improvement on the PAL because one device was able to take the place of many PAL devices or could even have functionality not covered by the original range. Its primary benefit, however, was that it was eraseable and re-programmable making prototyping and design changes easier for engineers.
A similar device called a PEEL (programmable electrically erasable logic) was introduced by the International CMOS Technology (ICT) corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="2839650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839650" title="Nicanor (Antipatrid general)">
Nicanor (Antipatrid general)

Nicanor (in Greek Nικάνωρ; executed 318 BC), a Macedonian officer under Cassander, by whom he was secretly despatched immediately on the death of Antipater, 319 BC, to take the command of the Macedonian garrison at Munychia, in Attica. Nicanor arrived at Athens before the news of Antipater's death, and thus readily obtained possession of the fortress, which he afterwards refused to give up notwithstanding the orders of Polyperchon.
He however entered into friendly relations with Phocion, and through his means began to negotiate with the Athenians, who demanded the withdrawal of the Macedonian garrison from Munychia, according to the decree just issued by Polyperchon. But while he thus deluded them with false hopes, instead of surrendering Munychia, he took the opportunity to surprise the Piraeus also, and, having occupied it with a strong garrison, declared his intention to hold both fortresses for Cassander. 
In vain did Olympias, at this time on friendly terms with the regent, unite in commanding him to withdraw his troops: nor did Alexander, the son of Polyperchon, who arrived in Attica the following spring (318 BC) at the head of a considerable army, effect anything more. Shortly after, Cassander himself arrived with a fleet of thirty-five ships, and Nicanor immediately put him in possession of the Piraeus, while he himself retained the command of Munychia.
He was, however, quickly despatched by Cassander with a fleet to the Hellespont, where he was joined by the naval forces of Antigonus; and though at first defeated by Clitus, the admiral of Polyperchon, he soon after retrieved his fortune, and gained a complete victory, destroying or capturing almost the whole of the enemy's fleet. On his return to Athens he was received by Cassander with the utmost distinction, and reinstated in his former command of Munychia.
But his late successes had so much elated him that he incurred the suspicion of aiming at higher objects, and intending to set up for himself. On these grounds Cassander determined to rid himself of one who was beginning to give him umbrage, and having succeeded by treachery in decoying Nicanor into his power, he caused him to be put to death, after undergoing the form of a trial before the Macedonian army.

</doc>
<doc id="2839651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839651" title="Asterix and the Secret Weapon">
Asterix and the Secret Weapon

Asterix and the Secret Weapon is the twenty-ninth volume of the Asterix comic book series and the fifth by Albert Uderzo alone. It parodies male-female relationships and military secrets.
Plot summary.
The story begins when a female bard named Bravura comes to the village to teach the children. She has been hired by the women of the village who think that Cacofonix, the current teacher of the village, is giving the children a poor education. Upon hearing this, Cacofonix leaves the village. When Bravura arrives, the women are stunned by her singing and the men laugh at it (the only difference between Bravura's singing and Cacofonix's is that when Bravura sings it does not rain). Bravura is insulted and wonders how the women put up with them.
The next day Bravura asks Impedimenta about this, and tells her not to let her husband boss her around. Impedimenta then tells Vitalstatistix that since she is the chief's wife, she has as much power as he does. They both lose their tempers and Impedimenta hits Vitalstatistix. He then leaves the village, joining Cacofonix in the forest. Impedimenta is then made chief by majority vote (all the women vote for Impedimenta, but the men do not dare vote or even speak up against their wives).
Meanwhile, Julius Caesar has another plan to take over the village of indomitable Gauls. His special agent for the task, Manlius Claphamomnibus, swears to bring the "secret weapon" over the ocean discreetly.
Back at the village, the "woman dominance" has caught on to every family, basically destroying the village. Asterix, troubled by all of this from the start, is met by Bravura who tells him that if both of them settle down together they could become chiefs of the village. Asterix accuses her of coming to the village to do just that and loses his temper. Bravura picks Asterix up and kisses him, and Asterix hits her out of reflex, though he feels shame and regret immediately after. Asterix is brought before the new chief for breaking their laws by striking a woman, and is given temporary exile. Getafix objects to this, but Bravura argues with him, getting "him" angry and causing the druid to leave the village also. And not only does Obelix join them, but every other village man as well. The men actually have a good time in the forest, drinking beer and eating wild boar.
Claphamomnibus's ship lands at Gaul, and he unleashes the secret weapon: female legionaries (strongly resembling amazons). Claphamomnibus's reasoning for the forming of this strange unit is that because of the Gallic warriors' code of chivalry, they cannot fight women and thus could be easily defeated. Asterix, while scouting the Romans, learns of the arrival of Claphamomnibus and his female legionnaries and is sent as an ambassador to warn the village women of the threat (they worriedly send clothes to their husbands via Asterix and Obelix, in case it gets cold at night in the forest).
Bravura tries to meet the women as an ambassador, claiming that since they are all women, they are sisters. The Roman sentry pounds her and Claphamomnibus insults her. Asterix watches it all; he also sees her slapping Clapharmomnibus which gives the Gaul hero a new perspective about the lady bard. Asterix approaches Bravura with a plan to get rid of this new problem. Part of his plan is to have Cacofonix sing songs in the forest, causing it to rain and scaring off all animals such as rabbits and snakes (and in one scene even a dragon). This scares the female Roman scout parties, causing them to retreat many times. (Humorously Asterix' departure to talk to Bravura was misinterpreted by the men, who by their passed comments assumed he was proposing marriage.)
The rest of the plan involves the women of the village setting up a mall with the latest styles and accessories from Lutetia, and thus when the Roman women arrive to attack the supposedly undefended village they immediately become absorbed in shopping. In the meantime, the men of the village take out the fortified camps filled with male legionaries; Obelix is even allowed to destroy one of the camps single-handedly, as acknowledgment that he has not been much involved with the storyline until that point. Finally, Cacofonix sings once again as the Roman women leave the village with their shopping, and the terrified women (along with the dragon) flee Gaul on their ship with Claphamomnibus left behind.
The story ends with the Gauls in a good mood, and there seems to be a good mood in Rome as well, for Julius Caesar is the laughing stock of his nation for having had to hire women to defeat the Gauls, and, on top of this, it is again a failure. Bravura and Asterix settle their original angst and develop a regard for one other.

</doc>
<doc id="2839654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839654" title="New Pudsey railway station">
New Pudsey railway station

New Pudsey railway station is in Farsley, West Yorkshire, England, on the Caldervale Line from Leeds City to Bradford Interchange, Halifax, Huddersfield, Manchester Victoria, and Blackpool North. Lying west of Leeds, it serves as a commuter station for the western edge of the Leeds conurbation.
This station opened on 6 March 1967 and is located in Farsley — north-west of Pudsey town centre – it was opened as a 'new' station for Pudsey; there is no place called New Pudsey. The platforms are long enough to accommodate Intercity trains, and there is large car park, because it was originally served by occasional through trains from Bradford Interchange to London Kings Cross. After electrification of the East Coast Main Line, through services were routed via Shipley to Bradford Forster Square.
The station is situated just under a mile west of the location of what was Stanningley (formerly "Stanningley for Farsley"), which closed on 30 December 1967, having supposedly been replaced by New Pudsey, although the two catchment areas were largely different.
The station is staffed and the ticket office is open from 05:55 to 19:00 on Mondays to Saturdays.
History.
Pudsey was originally served by a short branch line running from Stanningley to Pudsey Greenside opened in 1878 by the Great Northern Railway. In 1893 the line was extended through a tunnel to Laisterdyke, the original curve from Stanningley closed, and another (90°) curve to Bramley opened forming the "Pudsey Loop". There were two stations on the loop, Pudsey Lowtown and Pudsey Greenside, conveniently located at either end of the town centre (and both closed on 15 June 1964 as a result of the Beeching Axe).
New Pudsey Station on television.
The station was featured in a 1969 Monty Python's Flying Circus sketch ("Science Fiction Sketch/Man Turns Into Scotsman") in which Harold Potter (Michael Palin) is turned into a Scotsman by creatures from the planet Skyron in the galaxy of Andromeda. Graham Chapman and Eric Idle (with Idle in drag) briefly appear on Platform 1 early in the sketch as Mr and Mrs Samuel Brainsample. After the camera pans off Chapman and Idle, Palin is shown walking up the ramp from the platform toward town. At the beginning of the sketch reference is made to the alien visitors coming "to conquer and destroy the very heart of civilisation", with a fade-in to the sign reading "New Pudsey". Laughter follows. [http://uk.youtube.com/watch?v=qxDJMn-534Y]
Services.
Eastbound.
During Monday to Saturday daytimes, there are four trains an hour to Leeds; in the evenings this service runs twice hourly. Two trains each hour continue beyond Leeds: one to York and the other to Selby. On Sundays there is a twice hourly service with one train each hour continuing to York.
Westbound.
During Monday to Saturday daytimes there are four trains an hour to Bradford Interchange and Halifax. Two trains each hour continue to Manchester Victoria (one limited stop, the other serving all stations to ), one runs to Blackpool North via and one to Huddersfield. The service is twice hourly in the evenings and on Sundays, with one train per hour running to Manchester Victoria and one to either Blackpool North or Huddersfield.

</doc>
<doc id="2839658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839658" title="Asterix and Obelix All at Sea">
Asterix and Obelix All at Sea

Asterix and Obelix All at Sea is the thirtieth volume of the Asterix comic book series, by Albert Uderzo. The album was dedicated to Uderzo's grandchild, as well as American actor Kirk Douglas.
Plot summary.
A band of slaves led by Spartakis (a parody of Spartacus) have taken over Julius Caesar's personal galley. Caesar is annoyed, and sends insults, and then sends his no-good admiral Crustacius to recover the ship.
After some arguing about a safe place to disembark, the slaves decide to set sail for the only place safe from the Romans: Asterix' small Gaulish village, as one of the slaves heard about it from a relative in Britain. Crustacius, in hot pursuit and ignorant of the Gauls' reputation, prepares to attack the village. The Gauls prepare for battle, but Obelix is yet again denied a drop of Getafix's magic potion. As the Gauls return triumphant from battle, they find Obelix has drunk the remaining cauldron of magic potion - Getafix having made two cauldrons just in case - and that this overdose has turned him into stone, which has also proved that it would be dangerous to drink more magic potion.
The former galley slaves are granted refuge, and Getafix tries desperate measures to return Obelix to his normal state. He tries potions and things that stimulate his emotion (wild boar cooked by Impedimenta and a kiss from Panacea) and finally Obelix recovers from his stone state - but as a child. Obelix has also lost his old strength, leaving him feeling useless, as he now cannot lift menhirs or eat boars in the same quantity that he is used to. He is kidnapped by Roman soldiers while trying to run away to the forest, and made a slave by the Officer. The former slaves travel with Asterix, Dogmatix and Getafix to rescue Obelix who is en route to Rome by galley under Crustacius' supervision. When they recover Obelix on the high seas, Getafix proposes Atlantis as their next destination to help Obelix recover his adult shape.
After dropping off Crustacius and his adjutant with the ever-returning pirates - who are also offered Caesar's galley to bring back to Rome for a reward, as compensation for Asterix having (this time accidentally) sunk their ship - Getafix brings them to the remnants of Atlantis (the Canary Islands), where the Atlantides have found eternal youth, in the hope that they can restore Obelix's appearance. Unfortunately the Atlantides cannot help, only knowing how to make someone younger, not older, so the Gauls head back to the village, while the freed slaves decide to live at Atlantis as children forever, finally free from Rome.
On their way back, the Gauls are intercepted by yet another Roman galley. Asterix is incapacitated by a catapult stone, and when the Romans want to feed him to the sharks after throwing the gourd of potion into the Ocean all seems lost. Seeing his friend in danger provokes enough emotion for Obelix to transform within seconds to his former self. With all his conserved aggression from being bossed around the entire album, he first drives off the attacking Roman galley (causing surprise to Getafix when he climbs back onto the boat having dived in to recover the potion) then smashes the Roman outpost near the village, before returning for the traditional village feast.
As for Crustacius, the story ends like this: When swapping Caesar's galley with the pirates for another ship, Asterix and Getafix had accidentally left on board the magic potion they had taken along for the trip. When Crustacius gets a sip of it just before reaching Ostia, he easily gets rid of the pirates. But when he realizes the nature of his drink and plans to overthrow Caesar, he makes the same mistake as Obelix and is turned into a statue himself, and his adjutant Vice Admiral Nautilus's dream of obtaining a promotion for bringing back the ship is dashed when some over-eager soldiers fire flaming ballista bolts against the supposed pirate vessel.
The statue of the admiral ends up in the Circus Maximus for the lions. Vice Admiral Nautilus and the soldiers reduced to sweeping the arena. Caesar tells a baffled Cleopatra that he hopes that one day the lions may actually develop a taste for granite after all.

</doc>
<doc id="2839664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839664" title="Martine Gaillard">
Martine Gaillard

Martine Gaillard (; born May 21, 1971 in Melfort, Saskatchewan) is a Canadian sports television personality currently working for Rogers Sportsnet.
After graduating from Evan Hardy Collegiate in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Gaillard attended Ryerson University, from which she graduated with a degree in Radio and Television Arts. Gaillard then worked for a time at The Weather Network and as a game host for Toronto Maple Leafs broadcasts before joining The Score as their first-ever female anchor.
During her time at The Score, Gaillard received the opportunity to cover the 2000 World Series (a.k.a. the "Subway Series"). She was also hired as part of the Hockey Night in Canada team, and got to work rinkside at hockey games with her idol, CBC hockey anchor Ron MacLean.
In August 2005, it was announced that Gaillard had taken a job at Rogers Sportsnet. She made her debut on the network on October 4, 2005 at 11:30 p.m. as co-anchor of "SportsnetNews" alongside Mike Toth.

</doc>
<doc id="2839665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839665" title="Three's a Crowd (radio)">
Three's a Crowd (radio)

"Three's A Crowd" is a Big Finish Productions audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who".
Plot.
The TARDIS crew arrive on an abandoned space station in orbit above Earth Colony Phoenix, a remote human colony whose inhabitants are not only cut off from Earth, but also from each other. Each colonist lives in their own individual cell, travelling between them only via transmat, creating a population afflicted with agoraphobia. However, the colony hides a deeper secret, one which the Fifth Doctor, Peri and Erimem must uncover before it's too late.

</doc>
<doc id="2839667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839667" title="Asterix and the Actress">
Asterix and the Actress

Asterix and the Actress is the 31st volume of the Asterix comic book series, written and illustrated by Albert Uderzo.
Plot summary.
For Asterix and Obelix' birthday party, their parents have decided to come from Condatum. Their mothers have already arrived, bringing a fabulous Roman sword and helmet as presents, and they immediately fuss about why their sons are still single; their methods to rectify the situation, however, bring little happiness to their offspring.
Meanwhile, however, Asterix and Obelix' fathers - who run a 'modernities' store in Condatum - have inadvertently got themselves into a tight spot: an alcoholic legionary veteran (Tremensdelirius from "Asterix and Caesar's Gift") has pawned a helmet and a sword in their shop - the personal weapons of Pompeius, Caesar's enemy, which are now in Asterix and Obelix's possession. Of course, their rightful possessor wants them back, and to this end he employs one of his agents, Decurion Fastandfurious, and a gifted tragic actress named Latraviata. Disguised as Panacea, Obelix's love interest, who is allegedly suffering from amnesia, Latraviata is to infiltrate the Gaulish village and retrieve Pompeius's weapons.
However, the real Panacea and her husband Tragicomix soon discover that Asterix and Obelix's fathers have been imprisoned by Pompeius, and they immediatedly travel to their village to warn their friends. On their way they run into Latraviata and Fastandfurious, who have left the village with Asterix and Obelix (who have not yet realized what was going on) in pursuit, and the game is exposed. Fastandfurious is "menhired", Pompeius's weapons are returned to the two friends (with some "slight" damage from menhir pressure), and Asterix and Obelix race to Condatum to free their fathers and to give Pompeius a run for his money. At the end of the story Latraviata is the first actress ever to receive an award for Outstanding Performance, which is believed to be how the César Award was born.

</doc>
<doc id="2839668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839668" title="Anders Andersson (footballer)">
Anders Andersson (footballer)

Anders Andersson (born March 15, 1974 in Tomelilla) is a former Swedish football forward and TV pundit. He has played 27 international matches for the Swedish national team, and was a squad player for the Euro 2000 and Euro 2004. He also participated in the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.
He played for Svenstorps IF as a child, but joined Malmö FF in 1990. He gradually became a star in the Swedish league, and was bought by English Premier League outfit Blackburn Rovers. There, he played four league matches, and scored once against Preston North End in the League Cup. He went on to play in Denmark and Portugal, and returned to Malmö FF in July 2005. He remained in the club until the end of the 2008 season, when the team decided not to extend Anders contract. The news was received with dismay among Malmö supporters, and Anders himself has written about the situation at his blog at local newspaper Skånska Dagbladet. [http://skd.se/article/20090102/SPORTBLOGG05/375481168/1164] He later decided to retire from football, ending speculation that he might've been heading to local rivals Trelleborg.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2839671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839671" title="Brulé">
Brulé

The Brulé are one of the seven branches or bands (sometimes called "sub-tribes") of the Teton (Titonwan) Lakota American Indian nation. They are known as Sičháŋǧu Oyáte (in Lakota), or "Burnt Thighs Nation," and so, were called Brulé (lit. "burnt") by the French. The name may have derived from an incident where they were fleeing through a grass fire on the plains.
Many Sicangu people live on the Rosebud Indian Reservation in southwestern South Dakota, where they are federally recognized as the Rosebud Sioux Tribe or Sicangu Oyate. A smaller population lives on the Lower Brule Indian Reservation, on the west bank of the Missouri River. The two tribes are politically completely independent of each other.
Historic Brulé Tiyošpaye or bands.
Together with the Oglala Lakota, who are based at the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation, they are often called "Southern Lakota." They were divided in three great regional tribal divisions: 
According to the Brulé Medicine Bull (Tatánka Wakan) the divisions were further divided in these "tiyošpaye" or bands, which were broken up in various local tiwahe (engl. Camps oder family circle):

</doc>
<doc id="2839673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839673" title="Asterix and the Class Act">
Asterix and the Class Act

Asterix and the Class Act () is officially the thirty-second album of the Asterix comic book series, by René Goscinny (stories) and Albert Uderzo (illustrations and some stories), published in 2003. Unlike the other Asterix books it is a compilation of short stories, rather than one long story. Each story has an introductory page giving some of its original history.
History.
Only one of these stories ("Chanticleerix") is completely original in this album, the remainder are reprinted from earlier sources, most notably the French comic “Pilote”.
The majority of these stories were written by Goscinny. "Chanticleerix", "The Lutetia Olympics" and "The Birth of Asterix" were written by Uderzo after Goscinny's death. "Springtime In Gaul" and "Asterix as you've never seen him" were also written by Uderzo alone.
Most of these stories have had only very limited distribution prior to this publication. In 1993 there was an earlier, smaller collection also called "La Rentree Gauloise" which was only available in French. It also contained a story called ‘"L'Antiquaire"’(The Antique Dealer) as filler which was not by Goscinny nor Uderzo, does not fit with the other stories and contains two recycled and out-of-character villains. That story has not been reprinted, but otherwise Class Act is an expanded, updated version of this.
Even earlier, in the mid-1980s, a promotional collection of some of these stories appeared in a number of translations (but not English) as "Astérix mini-histoires" (Asterix Mini-Stories).
The stories.
Introduction.
Originally an announcement page for Asterix and the Big Fight – the village chief holds a modern press conference for the up-coming stories (parodying the contemporary press conferences of then-president Charles de Gaulle).
Asterix and the Class Act.
Asterix and Obelix catch the village children for the start of the school year, but Obelix is put back in class too when he shows ignorance of current affairs.
Birth of Asterix.
Story of the village on the day of Asterix's and Obelix's birth.
In 50 BC.
Introduction to the stories (done for the American market).
Chanticleerix.
Dogmatix helps the village rooster (national bird of France) defeat an eagle (symbol of Rome) that is terrorizing the local animals, Dogmatix stealing Asterix's gourd of potion to provide the rooster with the necessary 'boost'.
For Gaul Lang Syne.
Obelix tries to use Gaulish customs to get a kiss from Panacea, but things don't work out for him.
Mini Midi Maxi.
A fashion show quickly turns into an all-out Free-For-All brawl between the Women and Men of the Gaulish Village.
Asterix as you've never seen him.
Send up of the more outrageous reader "suggestions", allowing Uderzo to show his facility with different styles.
The Lutetia Olympics.
For the honour of Gaul Asterix and Obelix help Lutetia (ancient Paris) win the chance to host the ancient Olympic Games by acting as security for the event.
Springtime In Gaul.
Asterix helps a tiny anthropomorphic personification of Spring overcome Winter.
The Mascot.
Some unlucky Romans try to take Dogmatix as their "lucky" mascot.
Latinamania.
A dig at modern French anxiety over the bastardization of the French language, cf Franglais, showing the Gauls using Latin loanwords.
Obelix's Family Tree.
The authors find a modern descendant of Obelix.
Birth of an Idea.
A brainstorming session with the authors, involving the destruction of everything within one foot.
Notes.
In recent editions of some translations (notably German) a new short story is included:
Obelix: As Simple as ABC.
Obelix tries to learn to read after he receives a letter from Panacea for his birthday which he does not want to share with anyone else.
This was later included in the book .

</doc>
<doc id="2839683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839683" title="Tulip Joshi">
Tulip Joshi

Tulip Joshi (born 11 September 1979) is an Indian actress who has appeared in Bollywood and the Sandalwood.
Early life.
Joshi was born in Mumbai to a Gujarati Indian father and a Armenian mother. She was brought up in Mumbai where she attended the Jamnabai Narsee School, and later Vivek College from where she graduated majoring food science and chemistry.
Tulip entered the Femina Miss India in 2000. She did not make it to the list of winners but was noticed by many advertising agencies. She appeared in a number of advertising campaigns for big brands (Ponds, Pepsi, Siyaram, BPL, Smirnoff, Tata Sky mobile tv, etc.). She also appeared in a video made as a tribute to Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan.
Film career.
Joshi entered movies quite by chance. She was a friend of the bride of Aditya Chopra, the son of director Yash Chopra. The family noticed her at their wedding and asked her to appear for an audition, following which they cast her in "Mere Yaar Ki Shaadi Hai".
Not being fluent in Hindi, she trained in Hindi diction and in acting at Feroz Khan's studio. She was also advised by the film-makers to change her name to something more Indian, as audiences might have difficulty in accepting a heroine with such an unconventional name. She chose the name Sanjana, she was playing the character of Anjali in that film. The film was quite a success. Despite the good reviews and success, Tulip was heavily panned for her acting.
After a two-year hiatus, she reappeared in "Matrubhoomi" - a dark film about a futuristic world with almost no women. Her performance in it was praised and established her credibility as an actress. "Dhoka" movie also gave her some recognition.
Reverting to her given name, Tulip next appeared in the Telugu film "Villain". Her next Hindi movie was "Dil Maange More" with Shahid Kapoor, Ayesha Takia and Soha Ali Khan. The film got average reviews but it was not a box office success.
She appeared in her first Punjabi film in 2009 called "Jag Jeondeyan De Mele" with famous Punjabi singer and actor, Harbhajan Maan. She again acted with Harbhajan Mann in 2011 in Yaara O Dildaara, the Punjabi movie.
In 2010, she acted in a Kannada film directed by Upendra titled "Super". The movie was a superhit in Kannada. This movie is also being dubbed in Telugu, Tamil and Hindi.
She will be seen in next Punjabi film Jatt Airways oppostie Alfaaz directed by Harjeet Ricky, releases on 30 August'13.
She has recently worked in tata sky mobile tv advertisement.
Controversy.
A case of cheating was filed at Kalamassery Police Station against Joshi in January 2011 by producers of the movie "Dam 999". Sohan Roy, director of the movie, claimed that Tulip didn't complete the shooting despite being paid 850,000. Roy is also the CEO of Aries Telecasting Limited, the parent company of Middle East based Marine BizTV, which was producing the movie. The FIR said that Joshi didn't turn up for shooting after arriving for initial first two days, and then didn't respond to producer's request to settle the matter by returning the payment. Joshi was supposed to play role of Razia, a Pakistani character in the film, and was eventually replaced by Megha Burman.

</doc>
<doc id="2839688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839688" title="Campbellford District High School">
Campbellford District High School

Campbellford District High School is a high school in the community of Campbellford in the municipality of Trent Hills, Northumberland County, Ontario, Canada. It is part of the Kawartha Pine Ridge District School Board. it had 709 students. In the Fraser Institute's "Report Card on Ontario’s Secondary Schools 2011", the school was ranked 432 out of 727 secondary schools in Ontario with an overall rating of 5.8 out of 10.

</doc>
<doc id="2839690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839690" title="Television station">
Television station

A television station is a business, organisation or other enterprise, such as an amateur television (ATV) operator, that transmits (broadcasts) content over terrestrial television. A television transmission can occur via analog television signals or, more recently, via digital television signals. Broadcast television systems standards are set by the government, and these vary around the world. Television stations broadcasting over an analog system were typically limited to one television channel, but digital television enables broadcasting via subchannels as well. The term "television station" is normally applied to terrestrial television stations, and not to cable television or satellite television broadcasting.
Television stations usually require a broadcast license from a government agency which sets the requirements and limitations on the station. In the United States, for example, a television license defines the broadcast range, or geographic area, that the station is limited to, allocates the broadcast frequency of the radio spectrum for that station's transmissions, sets limits on what types of television programs can be programmed for broadcast, and requires a station to broadcast a minimum amount of certain programs types, such as public affairs messages, among other conditions.
Most commercial television stations are owned independently, but many are either affiliated with a television network or are owned-and-operated (O&O) by a television network. Another form a television station may take is non-commercial educational (NCE) and considered public broadcasting. To avoid concentration of media ownership of television stations, government regulations in most countries generally limit the ownership of television stations by television networks or other media operators, but these regulations vary considerably. Some countries have set up nationwide television networks, in which individual television stations act as mere repeaters of nationwide programs. In those countries, the local television station has no station identification and, from a consumer's point of view, there is no practical distinction between a network and a station, with only small regional changes in programming, such as local television news.
Transmission.
To broadcast its programs, a television station requires operators to operate equipment, a transmitter or radio antenna, which is often located at the highest point available in the transmission area, such as on a summit, the top of a high skyscraper, or on a tall radio tower. To get a signal from the master control room to the transmitter, a studio/transmitter link (STL) is used. The link can be either by radio or T1/E1. A transmitter/studio link (TSL) may also send telemetry back to the station, but this may be embedded in subcarriers of the main broadcast. Stations which retransmit or simulcast another may simply pick-up that station over-the-air, or via STL or satellite. The license usually specifies which other station is it allowed to carry.
VHF stations often have very tall antennas due to their long wavelength, but require much less effective radiated power (ERP), and therefore use much less transmitter power output, also saving on the electricity bill and emergency backup generators. In North America, full-power stations on band I (channels 2 to 6) are generally limited to 100 kW analog video (VSB) and 10 kW analog audio (FM), or 45 kW digital (8VSB) ERP. Stations on band III (channels 7 to 13) can go up by 5dB to 316 kW video, 31.6 kW audio, or 160 kW digital. Low-VHF stations are often subject to long-distance reception just as with FM. There are no stations on Channel 1.
UHF, by comparison, has a much shorter wavelength, and thus requires a shorter antenna, but also higher power. North American stations can go up to 5000 kW ERP for video and 500 kW audio, or 1000 kW digital. Low channels travel further than high ones at the same power, but UHF does not suffer from as much electromagnetic interference and background "noise" as VHF, making it much more desirable for TV. Despite this, in the U.S., the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is taking another large portion of this band (channels 52 to 69) away, in contrast to the rest of the world, which has been taking VHF instead. This means that some stations left on VHF will be harder to receive after the analog shutdown. Since at least 1974, there are no stations on channel 37 in North America for radio astronomy purposes.
Program production.
Most television stations are commercial broadcasting enterprises which are structured in a variety of ways to generate revenue from television commercials. They may be an independent station or part of a broadcasting network, or some other structure. They can produce some or all of their programs or buy some broadcast syndication programming for or all of it from other stations or independent production companies.
Many stations have some sort of television studio, which on major-network stations is often used for newscasts or other local programming. There is usually a news department, where journalists gather information. There is also a section where electronic news-gathering (ENG) operations are based, receiving remote broadcasts via remote pickup unit or satellite TV. Outside broadcasting vans, production trucks, or SUVs with electronic field production (EFP) equipment are sent out with reporters, who may also bring back news stories on video tape rather than sending them back live.
To keep pace with technology United States television stations have been replacing operators with broadcast automation systems to increase profits in recent years.
Some stations (known as repeaters or translators) only simulcast another, usually the programmes seen on its owner's flagship station, and have no television studio or production facilities of their own. This is common in developing countries. Low-power stations typically also fall into this category worldwide.
Most stations which are not simulcast produce their own station identifications, using digital alien TV graphics. TV stations may also advertise on or provide weather (or news) services to local radio stations, particularly co-owned sister stations. This may be a barter in some cases.

</doc>
<doc id="2839704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839704" title="Pom Prap Sattru Phai District">
Pom Prap Sattru Phai District

Pom Prap Sattru Phai (; ) is one of the 50 districts (Khet) of Bangkok, Thailand. Neighboring districts are (from north clockwise) Dusit, Ratchathewi, Pathum Wan, Bang Rak, Samphanthawong, and Phra Nakhon.
History.
Pom Prap Sattru Phai is an old district established back in 1915 when old administration of Bangkok were overhauled and replaced by 25 amphoes. Later, two of the original 25, Sam Yod and Nang Loeng were merged into Pom Prap Sattru Phai.
The district was named after a fort ("Pom" in Thai) near Nang Loeng market. The fort was one of the eight new forts built along Khlong Phadung Krung Kasem during King Rama V. The fort was torn down long ago.
Administration.
The district is sub-divided into 5 sub-districts ("Kwaeng").
Places.
The Golden Mount (ภูเขาทอง or พระบรมบรรพต) inside Wat Saket (วัดสระเกศ) is probably the best known place in Pom Prap Sattru Phai. Total height at 63.6 m, it is easily seen from surrounding area. The chedi on the top is accessible via stair circling up around the mount. The construction of Golden Mount begun during King Rama III but suffered from foundation stability problem. It is eventually finished during King Rama V.
Wat Mangkon Kamalawat (วัดมังกรกมลาวาส) or Wat Leng Noei Yi (วัดเล่งเน่ยยี่) is the most famous Mahayana temple in Chinatown Bangkok. It is crowded on special days such as Chinese New Year and Chinese Vegetarian Food Festival (in the 9th lunar month). The temple holds annual "The Krajat" (เทกระจาด) to donate food and consumer goods to the poor in the 7th lunar month.
Tai Hong Kong Shrine (ศาลเจ้าไต้ฮงกง) is a Chinese shrine built to honor Tai Hong (1582-1670). Lived in Guangdong, he helped people by giving food to the poor, treatment to the ill, and funeral to the dead who has no relatives. A group of merchants immigrated to Bangkok from China followed the same path. With donation from King Rama VI, the shrine is established. Later in 1937 Poh Teck Tunk Foundation is formed for rescue and charity work. It is located opposite to the shrine on Phlapphla Chai Road.
Other prominent temples in the district includes Wat Thepsirin (also written Wat Depsirin) and Wat Phlapphla Chai.
Ratchadamnoen Boxing Stadium holding traditional Thai boxing matches is the alternative boxing stadium to Lumphini Boxing Stadium.
Varadis Palace is the former residence of Prince Damrong Rajanubhab. Built in 1911 by the German architect Karl Dohring, it is located within a large garden. After being restored in 1996, it now houses the Prince Damrong Rachanupab Museum and Library.
Markets.
Khlong Thom (คลองถม) is an area selling electrical and electronics products. Lots of other second hand goods, sometimes stolen, are available from Saturday night to Sunday morning.
Bobae Market (ตลาดโบ๊เบ๊) is a major low-cost cloth selling area. It is located on a section of Krung Kasem Road between Lan Luang Road and Bamrung Mueang Road on the northeast border of the district. The area is currently under renovation by Bangkok Metropolis Administration and the market is not open for trade.
Festival.
Although traditional Thai temple fair (งานวัด) is not commonly seen nowadays. It is held every year at the Golden Mount close to Loy Krathong festival. Ferris wheels, shooting galleries, "Sao Noi Tok Nam" (สาวน้อยตกน้ำ, literally "little lady falling into water") are popular activities. Sao Noi Tok Nam is a dunk tank, played by throwing balls to hit target. And if the target is hit, the lady sitting next to the target will be dropped from her platform into a trough of water. There are also freak shows such as "Mia Ngu" (เมียงู, lit. "snake's wife") with a woman living with a python.
Transportation.
Besides the usual road transportation, boat service runs along Khlong Maha Nak (คลองมหานาค) and Khlong Saen Saeb. The route begins at the stop near the Golden Mount and ends at Pratu Nam in Pathum Wan/Ratchathewi, there passengers can change boat to further destinations.
An extension of Bangkok Skytrain from National Stadium station is planned with two stations within Pom Prap Sattru Phai district, one near Huachiew Hospital and another near the Golden Mount.
Government and infrastructure.
The Ministry of Transport has its head office in the district.
Economy.
Thai Airways International operates the Larn Luang Office in Pom Prap Sattru Phai. The office used to be the head office of Thai Airways Company.

</doc>
<doc id="2839708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839708" title="Bramley (West Yorkshire) railway station">
Bramley (West Yorkshire) railway station

Bramley railway station serves the suburb of Bramley, Leeds, England. It lies on the Caldervale Line west from Leeds. 
History.
The original station was opened by the Leeds, Bradford and Halifax Junction Railway on 1 August 1854. This was closed by British Railways on 4 July 1966, the last trains having called on 2 July. The station had platforms opposite each other and were connected by a footbridge.
The present station off Stanningley Road opened on 12 September 1983 by Metro (West Yorkshire Passenger Transport Executive). The station's platforms are staggered.
Services.
Monday to Saturday daytimes three trains per hour head eastbound towards Leeds, and westbound to Bradford Interchange and Halifax. Two of three go beyond Halifax to Manchester Victoria and the other towards via Brighouse. Evenings two trains an hour head eastbound to Leeds and two westbound - one through to Manchester Victoria and one to Huddersfield.
There is also a service to York which comes from Manchester Victoria at 19:04 on weekdays.
On Sundays the service alternates between one or two trains per hour heading towards Leeds and Bradford Interchange/Halifax.
The Northern Rail service to Blackpool North passes through Bramley but does not stop.

</doc>
<doc id="2839718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839718" title="Structural film">
Structural film

Structural film was an experimental film movement prominent in the US in the 1960s and which developed into the Structural/materialist films in the UK in the 1970s.
Overview.
The term was coined by P. Adams Sitney who noted that film artists such as Michael Snow, Hollis Frampton, George Landow (aka Owen Land), Paul Sharits, Tony Conrad, Joyce Wieland, Ernie Gehr, Birgit and Wilhelm Hein, Kurt Kren, and Peter Kubelka had moved away from the complex and condensed forms of cinema practiced by such artists as Sidney Peterson and Stan Brakhage. "Structural film" artists pursued instead a more simplified, sometimes even predetermined art. The shape of the film was crucial, the content peripheral. This term should not be confused with the literary and philosophical term "structuralism".
Characteristics.
Sitney identified four formal characteristics common in Structural films, but all four characteristics are not usually present in any single film:
It has been noted by George Maciunas that these characteristics are also present in Fluxus films.

</doc>
<doc id="2839721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839721" title="Adaptive Software Development">
Adaptive Software Development

Adaptive Software Development (ASD) is a software development process that grew out of rapid application development work by Jim Highsmith and Sam Bayer. It embodies the principle that continuous adaptation of the process to the work at hand is the normal state of affairs.
Adaptive Software Development replaces the traditional waterfall cycle with a repeating series of "speculate", "collaborate", and "learn" cycles. This dynamic cycle provides for continuous learning and adaptation to the emergent state of the project. The characteristics of an ASD life cycle are that it is mission focused, feature based, iterative, timeboxed, risk driven, and change tolerant.
The word "speculate" refers to the paradox of planning – it is more likely to assume that all stakeholders are comparably wrong for certain aspects of the project’s mission, while trying to define it. "Collaboration" refers to the efforts for balancing the work based on predictable parts of the environment (planning and guiding them) and adapting to the uncertain surrounding mix of changes caused by various factors – technology, requirements, stakeholders, software vendors, etc. The "learning" cycles, challenging all stakeholders, are based on the short iterations with design, build and testing. During these iterations the knowledge is gathered by making small mistakes based on false assumptions and correcting those mistakes, thus leading to greater experience and eventually mastery in the problem domain.

</doc>
<doc id="2839725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839725" title="Catch-1782">
Catch-1782

Catch-1782 is a Big Finish Productions audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who".
Plot.
The Sixth Doctor and Mel attend the centenary celebrations for the National Foundation for Scientific Research. Looking into her family history and thanks to a temporal accident, Mel discovers that finding out the answers to a mystery within it may entail becoming part of history itself.

</doc>
<doc id="2839727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839727" title="Ben Hutton">
Ben Hutton

Benjamin Leonard Hutton (born 29 January 1977), is a retired English cricketer.
Early life.
Ben Hutton was educated at Radley and Durham University for whom he opened the innings with the former England captain Andrew Strauss.
He came from cricketing stock as the elder son of the cricketer Richard Hutton and his grandfathers Sir Leonard Hutton and Ben Brocklehurst also played first-class cricket.
Career.
He represented Middlesex as a left-handed opening batsman, an enthusiastic fielder and occasional right-arm fast-medium bowler. He made his first-class debut in 1999 and was awarded his county cap in 2003. He captained the County between 2005 and 2006. In 108 first-class matches for the county, he scored 5,712 runs (average 33.60) with a highest score of 152 with 18 hundreds and 18 fifties and taking 136 catches. He announced his retirement from first-class cricket in October 2007 at the early age of 30.
Retirement.
He has commenced a new career in the City of London and also completed the term of Don Bennett as a member of the Middlesex County Cricket Club Executive Board (2011–2012).

</doc>
<doc id="2839763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839763" title="Gulshan Grover">
Gulshan Grover

Gulshan Grover (born 21 September 1955) is an Indian actor who has appeared in over 400 films. He is among the first actors to have made a successful transition from Bollywood to Hollywood and international cinema. He is also known with the name "Bad Man" in Bollywood.

</doc>
<doc id="2839766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839766" title="Xiaoshu">
Xiaoshu

The traditional East Asian calendars divide a year into 24 solar terms (節氣). Xiǎoshǔ (pīnyīn) or Shōsho (rōmaji) () is the 11th solar term. It begins when the Sun reaches the celestial longitude of 105° and ends when it reaches the longitude of 120°. It more often refers in particular to the day when the Sun is exactly at the celestial longitude of 105°. In the Gregorian calendar, it usually begins around 7 July and ends around 22 July (23 July East Asia time).

</doc>
<doc id="2839767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839767" title="Dashu">
Dashu

The traditional East Asian calendars divide a year into 24 solar terms (節氣). Dàshǔ (pīnyīn) or Taisho (rōmaji) () is the 12th solar term. It begins when the Sun reaches the celestial longitude of 120° and ends when it reaches the longitude of 135°. It more often refers in particular to the day when the Sun is exactly at the celestial longitude of 120°. In the Gregorian calendar, it usually begins around 22 July (23 July East Asia time) and ends around 7 August.

</doc>
<doc id="2839770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839770" title="Shuangjiang (solar term)">
Shuangjiang (solar term)

The traditional East Asian calendars divide a year into 24 solar terms (節氣). Shuāngjiàng (pīnyīn) or Sōkō (rōmaji) () is the 18th solar term. It begins when the Sun reaches the celestial longitude of 210° and ends when it reaches the longitude of 225°. It more often refers in particular to the day when the Sun is exactly at the celestial longitude of 210°. In the Gregorian calendar, it usually begins around October 23 and ends around November 7.

</doc>
<doc id="2839771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839771" title="Chushu">
Chushu

The traditional East Asian calendars divide a year into 24 solar terms (節氣). Chǔshǔ (pīnyīn) or Shosho (rōmaji) () is the 14th solar term. It begins when the Sun reaches the celestial longitude of 150° and ends when it reaches the longitude of 165°. It more often refers in particular to the day when the Sun is exactly at the celestial longitude of 150°. In the Gregorian calendar, it usually begins around 23 August and ends around 7 September. 

</doc>
<doc id="2839772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839772" title="Hanlu">
Hanlu

The traditional East Asian calendars divide a year into 24 solar terms (節氣). Hánlù (pīnyīn) or Kanro (rōmaji) () is the 17th solar term. It begins when the Sun reaches the celestial longitude of 195° and ends when it reaches the longitude of 210°. It more often refers in particular to the day when the Sun is exactly at the celestial longitude of 195°. In the Gregorian calendar, it usually begins around October 8 and ends around October 23.

</doc>
<doc id="2839773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839773" title="Lidong">
Lidong

The traditional East Asian calendars divide a year into 24 solar terms (節氣). Lìdōng (pīnyīn) or Rittō (rōmaji) () is the 19th solar term. It begins when the Sun reaches the celestial longitude of 225° and ends when it reaches the longitude of 240°. It more often refers in particular to the day when the Sun is exactly at the celestial longitude of 225°. In the Gregorian calendar, it usually begins around November 7 and ends around November 22.
Lidong signifies the beginning of winter in East Asian cultures.

</doc>
<doc id="2839774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839774" title="Liqiu">
Liqiu

The traditional East Asian calendars divide a year into 24 solar terms (節氣). Lìqiū (pīnyīn) or Risshū (rōmaji) () is the 13th solar term. It begins when the Sun reaches the celestial longitude of 135° and ends when it reaches the longitude of 150°. It more often refers in particular to the day when the Sun is exactly at the celestial longitude of 135°. In the Gregorian calendar, it usually begins around August 7 and ends around August 23.
Liqiu signifies the beginning of autumn in East Asian cultures.

</doc>
<doc id="2839775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839775" title="Xiaoxue">
Xiaoxue

The traditional East Asian calendars divide a year into 24 solar terms (節氣). Xiǎoxuě (pīnyīn) or Shōsetsu (rōmaji) () is the 20th solar term. It begins when the Sun reaches the celestial longitude of 240° and ends when it reaches the longitude of 255°. It more often refers in particular to the day when the Sun is exactly at the celestial longitude of 240°. In the Gregorian calendar, it usually begins around 22 November and ends around 7 December.

</doc>
<doc id="2839778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839778" title="Daxue (solar term)">
Daxue (solar term)

The traditional East Asian calendars divide a year into 24 solar terms (節氣). Dàxuě (pīnyīn) or Taisetsu (rōmaji) () is the 21st solar term. It begins when the Sun reaches the celestial longitude of 255° and ends when it reaches the longitude of 270°. It more often refers in particular to the day when the Sun is exactly at the celestial longitude of 255°. In the Gregorian calendar, it usually begins around 7 December and ends around 21 December (22 December East Asia time).

</doc>
<doc id="2839779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839779" title="Bailu">
Bailu

The traditional East Asian calendars divide a year into 24 solar terms (節氣). Báilù (pīnyīn) or Hakuro (rōmaji) () is the 15th solar term. It begins when the Sun reaches the celestial longitude of 165° and ends when it reaches the longitude of 180°. It more often refers in particular to the day when the Sun is exactly at the celestial longitude of 165°. In the Gregorian calendar, it usually begins around September 7 and ends around September 23.

</doc>
<doc id="2839784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839784" title="Battle of Las Salinas">
Battle of Las Salinas

The Battle of Las Salinas was a military conflict and decisive confrontation between the forces of Hernando and Gonzalo Pizarro against those of rival conquistador Diego de Almagro, on April 26, 1538, during the Conquest of Peru. Both camps claimed to represent the authority of the Spanish Crown; Pizarro's forces controlled the province of "Nueva Castilla," and those of Almagro, "Nueva Toledo."
After an hour of carnage, the battle yielded a victory for Pizarro's forces: with Almagro captured and his lieutenant, Rodrigo Orgóñez killed on the field of battle, the Pizarros routed the enemy and took possession of Cuzco. Almagro was executed in July 1538.
Background.
The conflict between the Pizarro brothers and Almagro originated in a dispute over the possession of the city of Cuzco during the initial Spanish partition and administration of Peru. While Almagro controlled the city from 1537, both considered it under their jurisdiction. Almagro's enterprise had won him several earlier battles, but although he succeeded in taking the city by a coup de main, Pizarro's forces were by far the stronger in the region, leaving him with few options for its defence. Almagro, his fortunes on the wane, invalided by a debilitating disease, turned to Rodrigo Orgóñez to carry out the campaign.
Almagro's men made their first mistake by failing to secure the Guaitara pass guarding the approach to Cuzco; their enemy, braving the mountains, made a crossing and appeared in force along the coast. At a war council in Cuzco, Almagro even considered a new round of negotiations with the Pizarros; Orgóñez is said to have interrupted: "It is too late; you have liberated Hernando Pizarro, and nothing remains but to fight him."
Accordingly, Orgóñez marched his 500 men toward the ancient Indian salt mines of Cachipampa, situated about 5 km south of Cuzco. His choice of battlefield has been subject to criticism in that the broken terrain limited the use of his cavalry, which accounted for over half his force. The infantry, furthermore, was short on weapons and many armed themselves only with pikes. A battery of six falconet, on the other hand, gave him a marked advantage over his foes.
Pizarro's army consisted largely of infantry and numbered about 700. His cavalry was outmatched by Almagro's strong force of seasoned cavaliers, but in addition to veteran conquistadors he could rely on a contingent of Imperial arquebusiers recently arrived from Santo Domingo. These redoubtable troops carried large-calibre firearms newly developed for the bloody fighting in Flanders.
The battle.
Orgóñez placed his infantry in the centre and a division of cavalry on each wing. Pizarro's army mirrored this deployment, with Alonso de Alvarado commanding one corps of cavalry and Hernando Pizarro the other. Gonzalo Pizarro led the battalion of infantry which spearheaded the first attack across the small river separating the two armies. Fire from Orgóñez's guns bit into Gonzalo's column and threw it into disorder, but the swampy ground prevented Orgóñez's cavalry from exploiting this advantage. Meanwhile, Pizarro's Imperial troops, gaining the other side, opened a murderous fire of double-headed shot on their enemies.
With the infantry locked in combat in the marshes, both Pizarro and Orgóñez brought forth their cavalry. On both sides, the left and right wings of cavalry merged into single columns under Orgóñez on one hand and Pizarro on the other. An epic shock followed as the two bodies met at full gallop, the men variously shouting ""¡El Rey y Almagro!"" or ""¡El Rey y Pizarro!"" Orgóñez, in the thick of the desperate fighting, was shot, unhorsed, and murdered while offering his surrender. His death unhinged his cavalry, which began to fall back in confusion despite its superiority.
Almagro's infantry, meanwhile, stood no chance against the superior firepower of Pizarro's men and, after an hour of brave fighting, began to scatter in the direction of Cuzco. Almagro watched the rout from his litter on a hill: "With an agony not to be described, he had seen his faithful followers, after their hard struggle, borne down by their opponents till, convinced that all was lost, he succeeded in mounting a mule, and rode off for a temporary refuge to the fortress of Cuzco."

</doc>
<doc id="2839789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839789" title="Ionizer">
Ionizer

Ionizer or ioniser may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2839791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839791" title="William Jackson (Massachusetts)">
William Jackson (Massachusetts)

William Jackson (September 2, 1783 – February 27, 1855) was a United States Representative from Massachusetts who lived at the Jackson Homestead.
He was born in Newton on September 2, 1783. He attended the district school. He served as a member of the board of selectmen and served on the school board committee in town. He was chief founder of the Newton Temperance Society, engaged in the manufacture of soap and candles, and became interested in railroads. From 1829 to 1832, he was a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives, and he was secretary of the Newton Female Academy. He also served as president of Newton Savings Bank. 
Jackson was elected as an Anti-Masonic candidate to the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Congresses (March 4, 1833 – March 3, 1837). He declined to be a candidate for renomination to the Twenty-fifth Congress and resumed his manufacturing pursuits. He was also one of the founders of the Liberty Party and opposed slavery. Jackson served as president of the American Missionary Society from 1846 to 1854, and he was publisher of a newspaper. He died in Newton on February 27, 1855. Interment was in the Old Burial Ground, East Parish Burying Ground.

</doc>
<doc id="2839796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839796" title="J curve">
J curve

The term J curve is used in several different fields to refer to a variety of unrelated J-shaped diagrams where a curve initially falls, but then rises to higher than the starting point.
Balance of trade model.
In economics, the 'J curve' refers to the trend of a country’s trade balance following a devaluation or depreciation under a certain set of assumptions. A devalued currency means imports are more expensive, and on the assumption that the volume of imports and exports change little immediately, this causes a depreciation of the current account (a bigger deficit or smaller surplus). After some time, though, the volume of exports may start to rise because of their lower more competitive prices to foreign buyers, and domestic consumers may buy fewer of the costlier imports. Eventually, if this happens, the trade balance may improve on what it was before the devaluation. If there is a currency revaluation or appreciation the same reasoning leads to an inverted J-curve.
Immediately following the depreciation or devaluation of the currency, the volume of imports and exports may remain largely unchanged due in part to pre-existing trade contracts that have to be honoured. Moreover, in the short run, demand for the more expensive imports (and demand for exports, which are cheaper to foreign buyers using foreign currencies) remain price inelastic. This is due to time lags in the consumer's search for acceptable, cheaper alternatives (which might not exist).
Over the longer term a depreciation in the exchange rate can have the desired effect of improving the current account balance. Domestic consumers might switch their expenditure to domestic products and away from expensive imported goods and services, assuming equivalent domestic alternatives exist. Equally, many foreign consumers may switch to purchasing the products being exported into their country, which are now cheaper in the foreign currency, instead of their own domestically produced goods and services.
Empirical investigations of the J-curve have sometimes focused on the effect of exchange rate changes on the trade ratio, i.e. exports divided by imports, rather than the trade balance, exports minus imports. Unlike the trade balance, the trade ratio can be logged regardless of whether a trade deficit or trade surplus exists.
Private equity.
In private equity, the J curve is used to illustrate the historical tendency of private equity funds to deliver negative returns in early years and investment gains in the outlying years as the portfolios of companies mature.
In the early years of the fund, a number of factors contribute to negative returns including management fees, investment costs and under-performing investments that are identified early and written down. Over time the fund will begin to experience unrealized gains followed eventually by events in which gains are realized (e.g., IPOs, mergers and acquisitions, leveraged recapitalizations).
Historically, the J-Curve effect has been more pronounced in the US, where private equity firms tend to carry their investments at the lower of market value or investment cost and have been more aggressive in writing down investments than in writing up investments. As a result, the carrying value of any investment that is underperforming will be written down but the carrying value of investments that are performing well tend to be recognized only when there is some kind of event that forces the private equity firm to mark up the investment.
The steeper the positive part of the J curve, the quicker cash is returned to investors. A private equity firm that can make quick returns to investors provides investors with the opportunity to reinvest that cash elsewhere. Of course, with a tightening of credit markets, private equity firms have found it harder to sell businesses they previously invested in. Proceeds to investors have reduced. J curves have flattened dramatically. This leaves investors with less cash flow to invest elsewhere. For example, in other private equity firms. The implications for private equity could well be severe. Being unable to sell businesses to generate proceeds and fees means some in the industry have predicted consolidation amongst private equity firms.
Country status model.
The x-axis of the political J-Curve graph measures the 'openness' of the economy in question and the y-axis measures the stability of that same state. It suggests that those states that are 'closed'/undemocratic/unfree (such as the Communist dictatorships of North Korea and Cuba) are very stable; however, as one progresses right, along the x-axis, it is evident that stability (for relatively short period of time in the lengthy life of nations) decreases, creating a dip in the graph, until beginning to pick up again as the 'openness' of a state increases; at the other end of the graph to closed states are the open states of the West, such as the United States of America or the United Kingdom. Thus, a J-shaped curve is formed. 
States can travel both forward (right) and backwards (left) along this J-curve, and so stability and openness are never secure. The J is steeper on the left hand side, as it is easier for a leader in a failed state to create stability by closing the country than to build a civil society and establish accountable institutions; the curve is higher on the far right than left because states that prevail in opening their societies (Eastern Europe, for example) ultimately become more stable than authoritarian regimes. 
Bremmer's entire curve can shift up or down depending on economic resources available to the government in question. So Saudi Arabia's relative stability at every point along the curve rises or falls depending on the price of oil; China's curve analogously depends on the country's economic growth.
Medicine.
In medicine, the 'J-curve' refers to a graph in which the x-axis measures either of two treatable symptoms (blood pressure or blood cholesterol level) while the y-axis measures the chance that a patient will develop cardiovascular disease (CVD). It is well known that high blood pressure or high cholesterol levels increase a patient's risk. What is less well known is that plots of large populations against CVD mortality often takes the shape of a J curve which indicates that patients with very low blood pressure and/or low cholesterol levels are also at increased risk.
Political science (Model of revolutions).
In political science, the 'J-curve' is part of a model developed by James Chowning Davies to explain political revolutions. Davies asserts that revolutions are a subjective response to a sudden reversal in fortunes after a long period of economic growth, which is known as relative deprivation. Relative deprivation theory claims that frustrated expectations help overcome the collective action problem, which in this case may breed revolt. Frustrated expectations could result from several factors, including growing levels of inequality within a country, which may mean those who are increasingly poor relative to the rich are getting less than they expected, or a period of sustained economic development, lifting general expectations, followed by a crisis.
This model is often applied to explain social unrest and efforts by governments to contain this unrest. This is referred to as the Davies' J-Curve, because economic development followed by a depression would be modeled as an upside down and slightly skewed J.

</doc>
<doc id="2839797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839797" title="Dreamtime (audio drama)">
Dreamtime (audio drama)

Dreamtime is a Big Finish Productions audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who".
Plot.
The TARDIS brings the Seventh Doctor, Ace and new companion Hex to a seemingly dead city floating among the stars, populated by statues that may once have been people. Most startling of all on the planetoid is the familiar sight of Uluru — Ayers Rock — the heart of the Dreamtime.
Continuity.
The Sixth Doctor met the Galyari in The Sandman. They also appear in the Bernice Summerfield story The Bone of Contention.

</doc>
<doc id="2839799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839799" title="Brighouse railway station">
Brighouse railway station

Brighouse railway station serves the town of Brighouse in West Yorkshire, England. The station lies on the Caldervale Line and the Huddersfield Line running west from Leeds. The station reopened in 2000 and is managed by Northern Rail but is also served by Grand Central.
History.
Brighouse railway station was first opened on 5 October 1840, as a main line station operated by the Manchester and Leeds Railway. The station was initially known as Brighouse for Bradford, as no stations had yet been built in Bradford itself. Similarly, Elland station served Halifax, and Huddersfield was served by the station at Cooper Bridge.
A lithograph was produced by Arthur Fitzwilliam Tait showing the station in 1845.
In 1847 Brighouse station came under the operation of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway as the M&L was incorporated into this company. The station remained under L&Y operation until it itself was incorporated into the London, Midland and Scottish Railway in 1923, throughout which period the station's importance gradually declined as other lines connecting Manchester and Leeds were built via Halifax and Huddersfield bypassing Brighouse. 
Brighouse station passed into British Railways ownership upon nationalisation in 1949, and was operated as part of the North Eastern Region. The decline in passenger numbers continued, and the station was eventually closed by British Rail on 5 January 1970, remaining closed for thirty years although the line remained open throughout this time as a freight-only line but it was also used as a diversionary route for passenger trains when other lines were closed.
Brighouse's station re-opened on Sunday 28 May 2000. Brighouse also serves the town of Elland some away. Plans for a station in Elland to open at the same time as Brighouse were cancelled due to lack of funds.
Since 27 April 2008 bus service MC4 has provided a connection with most Leeds via Dewsbury trains to/from Elland. This was replaced in early 2010 by a revised service E8
Services.
Northern Rail.
Brighouse is served by Caldervale Line trains, with one train every hour running to via and Bradford, and one train every hour in the other direction to .
Since December 2008, the station is also served by an hourly Leeds - Dewsbury - Hebden Bridge - Manchester Victoria stopping service (Monday - Saturday daytime). This provides a considerable service improvement providing both a twice-hourly frequency for journeys to/from Leeds and a reduction in journey time taking only 35 minutes to travel to Leeds via Dewsbury rather than 50 minutes via Halifax. Even without this important improvement in services, usage of the station has increased year on year since the re-opening.
The station has two platforms.
Grand Central - West Riding.
The station now sees four return services per day to London Kings Cross via Mirfield, Wakefield Kirkgate, Pontefract and Doncaster, which commenced on 23 May 2010. In January 2009, Grand Central Railway had their application for train paths to run a Bradford Interchange (via Halifax) to London service accepted by the Office of Rail Regulation. 
Customer Information System.
Northern Rail and Metro secured joint funding from the Department for Transport's Access for All – Small Schemes initiative to provide a new Customer Information System at the station.
New LCD style customer information screens with real-time information have been installed on both platforms linked into an improved public address system providing accurate, reliable audio/visual train running information to passengers.
In addition; Northern Rail has announced plans to replace the station's HelpPoint intercom system with a more updated reliable model. This will enable passengers to speak to a member of staff in Northern's control centre for information or to summon assistance in emergency situations.

</doc>
<doc id="2839803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839803" title="Kauraka Kauraka">
Kauraka Kauraka

Kauraka Kauraka (1951–1997) was a Cook Islands writer. He was born in Rarotonga, the main island of the Cooks. Kauraka studied in New Zealand, Fiji and other countries. He published six collections of poems in the English and Rarotongan languages. When Kauraka died in 1997, he was buried on the atoll of Manihiki, northern Cooks.
External links.
"Rainbow Women", in "Voyagers : A selection from Whetu Moana: Contemporary Polynesian Poems in English" (Auckland UP, 2003). Edited by Robert Sullivan, Albert Wendt and Reina Whaitiri [http://www.nzepc.auckland.ac.nz/features/whetu_moana/kauraka.asp]

</doc>
<doc id="2839816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839816" title="Polis, Cyprus">
Polis, Cyprus

Polis (or Polis Chrysochous, in Greek: Πόλης Χρυσοχούς) is a small town at the north-west end of the island of Cyprus, at the centre of Chrysochous Bay, and on the edge of the Akamas peninsula nature reserve. It is a quiet tourist resort, the inhabitants' income being supplemented by agriculture and fishing.
Polis is served by the fishing port of Latsi—a pole of attraction all the year round and reputed for its fish taverns, sea-sport facilities and boat rides up to Akamas—a must for all Polis visitors. However, the great advantage of Polis is its close vicinity to the utmost beautiful Akamas peninsula, a nature reserve area, destined to become a National Park, with its renowned Baths of Aphrodite. Α walk along its nature trails accompanied by the panoramic view of the bay of Polis is a popular experience with both locals and tourists.
History.
On present evidence, Marion (the original name of Polis) was already inhabited at the end of the Neolithic and through the Chalcolithic period. It began to prosper from the Cypro-Archaic period onwards and became one of the most important ancient Cypriot city—kingdoms in the Cypro-Classical period with important commercial relations with the East Aegean islands, Attica and Corinth. In 312 BC, it was conquered by Ptolemy I and the kingdom was abolished until its reconquest by Ptolemy II Philadelphus who renamed the city after his sister and wife. The new city was smaller than Marion but it also flourished due to its close proximity to the copper mines. The city of Arsinoe continued to exist in the Roman, Early Christian and Early Byzantine periods when it seems to have suffered extensive destruction during the period of the Muslim conquests of the 7th century. Archaeological evidence indicates that the city was also inhabited during the late Medieval period between the 12th and 14th centuries.
In Egypt at Medinet Habu in the temples of Ramesses III, there is a large 12th century BC inscription which refers to Cyprus. The names of Cypriot towns mentioned include Marion. However, the first definite reference to Marion occurred in 449 BC, when the city, as indeed other city-kingdoms of Cyprus, was under Persian rule. During that year, Kimon, the great Athenian general, freed the city from the Persians. Later, the ancient geographers spoke of the town as "Marion Ellinikon"—The Hellenic Marion. The Kingdom was rich in gold and copper ore, mined chiefly in the nearby Limni Mines. It was the natural wealth which led the city to a period of flourishing trade, especially with Athens, which in its turn, exported many Attic pots to Marion. Samples of this pottery can be viewed at the Polis Archaeological Museum.
According to tradition, Athenian Akamas, son of Theseus, disembarked near Polis after the Trojan war and gave his name to the Cape of Akamas and the city of Akamantis, a legendary city which has never been found. In ancient times, Polis was known as Marion, and was probably founded by Akamas or a certain Marieus. Marion was one of the city-kingdoms founded by the Mycenaeans when they came to Cyprus. The Mycenaeans, or Achaeans, were the creators of the Mycenaean civilization in Greece, and they settled in Cyprus between 1400 and 1100 BC. The Greek presence and the cities linked to the settlement of the Mycenaeans in Cyprus can be verified by inscriptions found in neighboring countries.
The harsh battle for Cyprus between the successors of Alexander the Great, Antigonus, and Ptolemy led Marion to destruction. Ptolemy, who finally prevailed, laid waste the city whose king had taken the side of Antigonus, and transferred its inhabitants to Paphos. Later, another member of the Ptolemy dynasty, Philadelphus, founded a new city on the ruins of Marion, and gave it the name of his wife, Arsinoe. The city, under its new name, prospered during the Hellenistic and Roman Ages. In early Christian times it was also the seat of a bishop. For some years after that, there was no mention of the city until the late Middle Ages when reference was made to Chrysochou and later, Polis Chrysochou. Nowadays, Polis is the administrative centre of the area which includes 23 communities.
Interesting places.
The local Museum of Marion - Arsinoe at Polis was founded in 1998 by the Government of Cyprus and Nicos Shacolas. The museum consists of three exhibition spaces—Rooms I and II and the Atrium. Objects in Room I derive from an extensive area around Polis and are chronologically arranged, so as to portray its historical development from the Neolithic and Chalcolithic to the Medieval periods. Another museum, the Polis Culture Centre, which opened on the 15 October 2001, contains theatre stage and a 400 person capacity seating area.
The town is close to where Aphrodite, goddess of love and beauty, would meet her beloved Adonis. The Baths of Aphrodite and the recently discovered ruins of the medieval Georgian Orthodox monastery of Gialia are located near the town. Polis Chrysochous Campsite is the only place in Cyprus where a eucalyptus forest meets the coast. Polis square has shops, traditional restaurants, and cafes with internet access.
Popular culture references.
Ruth Evershed a fictional MI5 analyst and spy at the Spooks series, lived in Polis for some time.

</doc>
<doc id="2839817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839817" title="Dance hall (Jamaican)">
Dance hall (Jamaican)

The dance halls of Jamaica in the 1950s and 1960s were home to public dances usually targeted at younger patrons. Sound system operators had big home-made audio systems (often housed in the flat bed of a pickup truck), spinning records from popular American rhythm and blues musicians and Jamaican ska and rocksteady performers. The term "dancehall" has also come to refer to a subgenre of reggae that originated around 1980.
History.
Dance hall owners and sound system operators often competed fiercely with other owners/operators to capture the attention of their young clientele. The competition often led to the hiring of Rude boys to break up a competitor's dance, which fostered the growth and violent tendencies of this subculture. Dance halls contributed to the rise of ska as the predominant form of popular music at the time, and gave rise to a new social power in the form of major sound system operators like Duke Reid, and Coxsone Dodd. It was in the dance halls that ska dancing first originated.
Jamaican dance halls of today still bear strong resemblance to the days when Dodd was spinning the latest release out of Studio One. Dance halls of today often serve as competition grounds for DJs, just like they did in the early days, though today's competitions end less often in the dance being broken up by rude boys.
Notable early DJs.
Coxsone Dodd was born on January 26 1932 in Kingston, Jamaica. He began at a young age playing bebop and jazz records in his parent's liquor store for their customers in the late 1940s. He then moved to United States to work as a cane cutter, and it was there that he began to listen to rhythm and blues. After a short period of time he moved back to Jamaica with his own PA system, turntable, and box of records. Dodd set up his first sound system, the DownBeat, in 1954 playing boogie-woogie, jazz, and R&B. Prince Buster was born Cecil Campbell in 1938 in Kingston, Jamaica. After working for the Coxson Sound System, he created his own sound system in 1962 called The Voice of the People. Campbell dedicated himself to providing a voice for the African diaspora.
Influence on hip hop.
According to many music historians, hip hop began with DJ Kool Herc, a Jamaican who lived in the urban neighborhoods of New York City. According to him, breakbeats were created out of his understanding or belief that the bass and the drum were the elements of music that moved people to dance. In an interview in 1989 with Davey D, DJ Kool Herc says "Hip hop, the whole chemistry of that came from Jamaica". Kool Herc was known in the Bronx for his sound system the Herculoids, which was a huge, heavy, and loud speaker system. He traveled around playing for free in the neighborhoods and parks of New York City. However, this new American phenomenon was not just common in New York. International dance culture, including hip hop, has adopted this practice.

</doc>
<doc id="2839821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839821" title="Afrin (nasal spray)">
Afrin (nasal spray)

Afrin is a brand of nasal spray used to ease nasal congestion that is available over-the-counter in the USA. 
Afrin is distributed by Merck Consumer Care, Inc.
History.
Afrin was first sold as a prescription medication in 1966. After finding substantial early success as a prescription medication, it became available as an over-the-counter drug in 1975. Schering did not engage in heavy advertising until 1986. From the late-1980s to mid-1990s, Afrin featured in many notable television advertisements. Some of these commercials showed men, women, and children using other brands of nasal sprays, and then standing upside down or hanging upside down from playground equipment to prevent their nasal spray from dripping out. This was juxtaposed with Afrin users having no problems.
Mechanism of action.
Afrin's active ingredient Oxymetazoline is an alpha adrenergic agonist that induces vasoconstriction. In that respect, it is similar to phenylephrine. (http://www.drugbank.ca/drugs/DB00935, http://reference.medscape.com/drug/neosynephrine-iv-phenylephrine-iv-342444#10)

</doc>
<doc id="2839824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839824" title="Liz Gallacher">
Liz Gallacher

Liz Gallacher is a British music supervisor based in Los Angeles.
Gallacher has been called "one of the UK's leading independent music consultants". Her work on projects such as "The Full Monty" (which won a BRIT Award for Best Soundtrack) and "Resident Evil" (featuring a Grammy-nominated track by Slipknot) garnered praise from producers, directors and the press. Her film "24 Hour Party People" was shortlisted for a Film Music award at the 2006 NME Awards.
Liz has worked with directors such as Paul Anderson, Simon West, Michael Winterbottom, Gurinder Chadha and Nigel Cole.

</doc>
<doc id="2839830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839830" title="Huddersfield railway station">
Huddersfield railway station

Huddersfield railway station serves the town of Huddersfield in West Yorkshire, England.
The station is managed by First TransPennine Express, which provides trains between Manchester and Liverpool in the North West to Newcastle and Middlesbrough in the North East and also to York, Scarborough and Hull via Leeds.
It is also served by local Northern Rail trains on the Huddersfield Line, between /Wakefield Westgate and Manchester Victoria station.
Additionally the Penistone Line to (where the Midland Main Line is reached for services to and London) and more recently the Caldervale Line for trains towards and Bradford Interchange.
The station building.
Designed by the architect James Pigott Pritchett and built by the firm of Joseph Kaye in 1846–50 using the neo-classical style, the station is well known in architectural circles for its classical-style facade, with a portico of the Corinthian order, consisting of six columns in width and two in depth, which dominates St George's Square. It faces out towards Lion Buildings. It is a grade I listed building. The station frontage was described by John Betjeman as the most splendid in England and by Sir Nikolaus Pevsner as 'one of the best early railway stations in England'.
Two pubs are within the station frontage, to each side of the main entrance: "The Head Of Steam" and "The King's Head" (previously known as "The Station Tavern"). Both facilities are accessible from Platform 1. At the building's entrance, the booking office is to the left and to the right are the train timetables and a newsagent. Platforms 4 to 8 are located via a lift or subway, accessed from Platform 1. The public conveniences are located through this subway at the top of the steps to Platforms 4–8. The platforms are all covered by a large canopy. To the rear of the station are some sidings.
Location.
The station is situated on St George's Square, which was refurbished in 2009. The square has been made a pedestrian zone. No car parking is available in front of the station entrance, but it is nearby on Brook Street.
The station is situated some distance from Huddersfield bus station, so interchange facilities are limited. The Huddersfield FreeCityBus connects the railway station with the bus station, as well as the University of Huddersfield and other areas of the town centre.
There are six platforms:
Development.
In 2010, Network Rail and First TransPennine Express completed a series of improvements to the station in order to provide better access for passengers. This consisted of two new lifts, and a new staircase to the subway on Platform 1. The new staircase replaced the existing staircase inside the booking hall. As well as this each platform received new information screens. 
In early 2011, further improvement works were carried out to the concourse and waiting area. This phase of improvements was funded by the Railway Heritage Trust, Metro, Kirklees council and the National Station’s Improvement Programme. The main purpose of this was to reduce bottlenecks at peak times as well as general crowding. The redundant stable block on Platform 1 was also turned into a staff training centre and toilets.
In May 2013, ticket barriers were installed at the station.
Work is currently underway on Network Rail's Northern Hub project which will see electrification of the Huddersfield Line by 2018, allowing many of the services through the station to switch to newer, faster electric rolling stock.
Services.
During Monday to Friday daytimes, TransPennine Express operate hourly services to Newcastle Central (Journey time approx. 2 hours 10 mins), Hull (approx. 1 hour 20 mins), Scarborough (approx. 1 hour 45 mins) and Middlesbrough (approx. 2 hours 20 mins), all of which call at (approx. 20 mins), which creates a fast service every 15 minutes. These are supplemented by stopping Northern Rail services. There are four trains per hour to Manchester Piccadilly (approx. 35 mins); two continue to Manchester Airport (approx. 15 mins from Manchester Piccadilly); and another continues to Liverpool (approx. 50 mins from Manchester Piccadilly).
Northern Rail operates hourly services to Sheffield (approx. 1 hour 20 mins), Manchester Victoria (approx. 50 mins), (approx 35 mins), Selby via Bradford Interchange (approx. 1 hour 40 mins) and (approx. 40 mins).
Future Services.
Alliance Rail t/a Great North Western Railway Company (GNWR) have Network Rail backing to operate services between London Euston and Leeds via Eccles and Huddersfield. The services are proposed to start in 2018 using Pendolino trains. 
Steam trains.
In keeping with the on-site Head of Steam railway pub, several steam trains still pass through Huddersfield station, including the "Cotton Mill Express" and the "Scarborough Flyer".
On the disused side of Platform 2, an old carriage is bolted to the ground. Set in its window is a plaque commemorating 100 years of Steamtrain Hoorn Medemblik, a Dutch steam train.

</doc>
<doc id="2839833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839833" title="Lord Lieutenant of Greater London">
Lord Lieutenant of Greater London

The Lord Lieutenant of Greater London is Her Majesty's representative in Greater London, including the 32 London boroughs. The role was created in 1965 and replaced the Lord Lieutenant of the County of London and the Lord Lieutenant of Middlesex.
This is a complete list of Lord Lieutenants of Greater London in the United Kingdom.
The ceremonial county of Greater London does not include the City of London, which has its own Commission of Lieutenancy. 

</doc>
<doc id="2839838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839838" title="Kenner Collegiate Vocational Institute">
Kenner Collegiate Vocational Institute

Kenner Collegiate Vocational Institute (Kenner CVI) is the oldest operating high school in Peterborough, Ontario, Canada. It opened in 1952 and is now an accredited International Baccalaureate School. It is named after Peterborough Collegiate Institute's quinquagenary teacher and principal Dr. H.R.H. Kenner, father of literary scholar Hugh Kenner.
Courses.
It offers a wide range of programs including the International Baccalaureate Program and Learning, Life Skills Program, Peer Reading Tutor program, Cooperative Education, Technological Education, and Arts Education. In addition, Kenner CVI offers Specialist High Skills Majors in Construction, Hospitality, Horticulture, and Transportation under the supervision of the Ministry of Education for the Province of Ontario.
Campus.
The Kenner Collegiate Vocational Institute and Intermediate School facility consists of covering 7.13 hectares. The school is wheelchair accessible with one elevator and ramps.
The indoor facility contains dedicated special education rooms with time-out rooms, drama, dance, music, visual art (with kiln), and hairstyling studios, greenhouse, industrial kitchen, weight and fitness room, photography dark rooms, science laboratories, technical (computer, welding, automotive, carpentry) shops, gymnasiums, cafeteria, conference and meeting rooms. General access areas for students including a cafeteria, student run restaurant (Kaycees), Student Success Room, Learning Resource Room, and Library Resource Center. One section of the school is designated for the Intermediate Division.

</doc>
<doc id="2839841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839841" title="Bart the Fink">
Bart the Fink

"Bart the Fink" is the fifteenth episode of "The Simpsons"' seventh season. It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on February 11, 1996. In this episode, Bart ruins Krusty the Clown's career by accidentally exposing Krusty as one of the biggest tax cheats in American history. Driven to despair, Krusty fakes a suicide in order to start life anew as a sailor; feeling guilty for what he did, Bart convinces Krusty to become a television clown again.
The episode was written by John Swartzwelder and Bob Kushell, and directed by Jim Reardon. American actor Bob Newhart guest starred in it as himself. The episode's title is a play on the 1991 film "Barton Fink". Since airing, the episode has received mostly positive reviews by television critics. It acquired a Nielsen rating of 8.7, and was the fifth highest-rated show on the Fox network the week it aired.
Plot.
After the death of great aunt Hortense, the Simpson family attends a will reading. Each member of the family discovers they will receive $100 to do with as they like, but only after spending the night in a haunted house (which is surprisingly pleasant). Though Bart wishes to buy a hundred tacos from the TacoMat and Lisa to contribute to the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, Marge has them open bank accounts at the Bank of Springfield. Bart is excited with his new checking account, and begins writing checks for his friends.
Bart attempts to get Krusty the Clown's autograph, but Krusty is having a new sandwich named after him and has to leave. Just before he does, Bart slips a check for twenty-five cents into Krusty's pocket, figuring that he will receive a copy of it endorsed with Krusty's signature with his monthly bank statement. However, when Bart receives the check, it is endorsed with a stamp ("Cayman Islands Off-Shore Holding Corporation") instead of a signature; dismayed, Bart takes the check back to the bank so that they can force Krusty to sign it. A suspicious bank teller investigates, and five minutes later, Krusty is arrested for tax fraud.
The IRS takes control of Krusty's assets and his show (renaming it "Herschel Krustofsky's Clown-Related Entertainment Show" and turning Krusty Burger into IRS Burger, with meals named with tax-related terms and a six-to-eight-week wait to the customers, who apparently must report their income with every order as Homer asked Marge how much she lost on gambling), reducing his lifestyle to that of an average citizen. One evening, as the town watches, a depressed Krusty pilots his airplane into a mountainside. He is later pronounced dead.
A memorial service is held for Krusty at which Bob Newhart offers condolences. While everyone assumes that Krusty is dead, Bart believes otherwise when he begins to see a Krusty look-alike all over town. With Lisa's help, he soon discovers that Krusty has gone into hiding under the disguise of Rory B. Bellows, a grizzled old longshore worker. With Krusty leaving on a boat heading for the ocean, they supposedly convince him to return to his former life. However, Krusty had insured the life of his pseudonym and rigged his boat with explosives; returning to shore with Bart and Lisa, "Bellows"'s boat explodes, allowing Krusty to collect the insurance cash and end his tax woes.
Production.
"Bart the Fink" was written by John Swartzwelder, but Bob Kushell came up with the idea for it. The episode was based on the "big tax problems" that American country singer Willie Nelson had at the time. The idea of Krusty faking his own death was an idea the production team had wanted to do for a long time, and it was inspired by the rumored fake death of American actor Andy Kaufman. Bill Oakley and Josh Weinstein, the show runners of "The Simpsons"' seventh and eighth season, thought the beginning of the episode in which the family spends the night in a haunted house would have been "the cruddiest beginning of any cruddy thing", if they had not added the twist that the family did not encounter any ghosts in the house and had their "best night's sleep ever". The twist was Oakley's idea and he thought it "worked out great".
The episode was directed by Jim Reardon. Consultant David Mirkin suggested that the animators should add "some funny things" to the episode to "spice it up", such as the gorilla suit that one of the bank employees wear. After the audio recording of the script by the "Simpsons" cast, the episode ended up too long. Weinstein said one of the reasons for it was that Krusty talks very slowly, which drags out the time. They were only allowed to send twenty minutes worth of audio to Film Roman for them to animate, but the audio track for the episode was twenty-six minutes long. American actor Bob Newhart guest starred in the episode as himself. Oakley said Newhart also talked very slowly and they had to cut out more than half of his recorded lines. Many of the writers were big fans of Newhart and everybody wanted to see him record his lines. Oakley and Weinstein decided to shut down production so that the whole writing staff could go to the recording studio. The episode was recorded in a big room so everyone had to be really quiet. It took Newhart two and a half minutes to record his first take, and, as no one was allowed to laugh during that time, there was an "explosion" of laughter in the room when he finished. Parts of Phil Hartman's appearance as Troy McClure were also cut from the episode due to time limits.
Cultural references.
The episode's title is a play on the 1991 film "Barton Fink". After losing his show and money, Krusty takes the bus home. An advertisement on the bus reads "Are you missing "Mad About You" right now? NBC Must See TV Sundays at 8 p.m." Krusty's airplane, "I'm-on-a-rolla-Gay", that he uses to stage his death is a spoof of the Enola Gay B-29 airplane that dropped the atomic bomb on the Japanese city Hiroshima in World War II. Krusty's illegal Cayman-Islands "accountant" is modeled on the actor Sydney Greenstreet, particularly on his role in the film "Casablanca", considering his line "Oh, it's too hot today!" Swartzwelder is seen attending Krusty's funeral, who appears with a Kermit the Frog puppet on his hand.
Reception.
In its original American broadcast, "Bart the Fink" finished sixty-fourth in the ratings for the week of February 5–11, 1996, with a Nielsen rating of 8.7. The episode was the fifth highest-rated show on the Fox network that week, following "Melrose Place", "The X-Files", "Beverly Hills, 90210" and "Married... With Children".
"Bart the Fink" received generally positive reviews from television critics. DVD Movie Guide's Colin Jacobson called the episode a "winner" and praised it for the "one hundred tacos for $100" joke. Jennifer Malkowski of DVD Verdict said that the best part of the episode is when Homer comforts Bart after Krusty's death by assuring him that he, too, could wake up dead tomorrow. In the book "I Can't Believe It's a Bigger and Better Unofficial "Simpsons" Guide" by Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood, they comment that "Bart the Fink" is "very fast and very good, with plenty of gags and effective set pieces. Bob Newhart's eulogy to Krusty is especially memorable." The authors of "Media, home, and family", Stewart Hoover, Lynn Schofield Clark, and Diane Alters wrote that "Krusty ultimately expertly proves the truth about the IRS: ruining the financial and emotional life of many ." William Irwin, author of "The Simpsons and Philosophy: The D'oh! of Homer" also praised the use of IRS in "Bart the Fink" to convey the message that "none of us can escape the unavoidable taxes". In addition, Chris Turner claims "Bart the Fink" offers a "pointed answer to the question of why such a manifestly miserable world of phonies and cheats would be so enticing to many."

</doc>
<doc id="2839842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839842" title="Artificial">
Artificial

Artificial may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2839844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839844" title="Wujal Wujal, Queensland">
Wujal Wujal, Queensland

Wujal Wujal is in northern Queensland, Australia. Wujal Wujal is the name of a relatively small Aboriginal community on the north and south sides of the Bloomfield River. It has an area of 19.94 square kilometres of land. At the 2006 census, Wujal Wujal had a population of 326.
It is located approximately north of Cape Tribulation and south of Cooktown. Access to the community is via a partly unsealed road which is only suitable for four wheel drive vehicles. This is due to the gradient of the terrain and the many streams and rivers that make up the Daintree drainage basin which cross the path at very regular intervals. During high waterflow the road from Cape Tribulation is unpassable. The road from Cooktown is partly sealed but driveable with a two wheel drive in the dry season.
The rare Bloomfield River Cod ("Guyu wujalwujalensis") is found only in the Bloomfield River and is named after this community.
Community.
Wujal Wujal was formerly known as the Bloomfield River Mission and the people are Kuku Yalanji. The community has an estimated population of 470 (2001). The community at Wujal Wujal is thought to have existed on the site for thousands of years and is set around the highly sacred waterfalls of Wujal Wujal meaning many falls in the local language. Visitors are warned not to bring any alcohol into the community as part of the Queensland governments aims at tackling alcohol abuse. Traffickers of such contraband substances may be subject to fines. The government also help the community by giving small one day a week jobs involving community service to try and deter the members away from boredom and therefore alcohol abuse.
The community has a helicopter landing pad just beside the hospital. Emergency medical services are provided by the Primary Health Care Centre (Remote Area Nurses, Health Workers, and two or three visits per week from Doctors based at the Cooktown Hospital).
In 1980, the Aboriginal Council came into being, with the area regaining its traditional name, Wujal Wujal. The community has an Indigenous Knowledge Centre 'Binal Mangka Bayan, which means house of knowing things. The centre provides access to books, magazines and other educational material.
The waterfalls.
The waterfalls are very sacred to the community. The general public have access only to one waterfall as the other larger falls are only for the eyes of the female members of the community.
Tours.
Access to most vehicles is limited and only four wheel drive vehicles can travel on the unsealed tracks. Tours are available for those without such transportation in small groups from Cape Tribulation's Ferntree and Coconut Lodge Resorts.
In 2003, the Walker family, one of the family groups of the Kuku Yalanji people, commenced their rainforest tours on their traditional country at Thompson Creek, six km south of Wujal Wujal. Guided walks to the Bloomfield Falls have recently been added as another opportunity in their business.
As their tour attracts business from the Bloomfield area, mainly the Bloomfield Wilderness Lodge, the guests come by boat to their landing site on the Bloomfield River bank, creating the need for a jetty or ramp.

</doc>
<doc id="2839848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839848" title="List of Tax Ministers of Denmark">
List of Tax Ministers of Denmark

This is a list of Tax Ministers of Denmark since 1975. The collection of taxes was originally assumed by the Finance Ministry. The Finance Ministry's Department of Taxes and Customs ("Skatte- og Tolddepartementet") was elevated to the rank of an independent ministry on 13 February 1975. It has officially been referred to as the Tax Ministry ("Skatteministeriet") since 10 September 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="2839853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839853" title="Robert Halpin">
Robert Halpin

Robert Charles Halpin, Master Mariner, born 16 February 1836 at the Bridge Tavern Wicklow, Ireland – 20 January 1894 and died at Tinakilly, Wicklow. He captained the Brunel-designed leviathan SS "Great Eastern" which laid transoceanic telegraph cables in the late 19th century. He was, arguably, one of the most important mariners in the 19th century. He helped make the world a global village by connecting empires and continents via submarine telegraph cables - in effect constructing the Victorian age communication network.
Early life.
He was the son of James and Anne Halpin (née Halbert), the youngest of 13 children. His father, James, was the proprietor of a small tavern (built 1702) and the family were reasonably well off. From an early age Robert showed a fondness for the sea. He received his early education at a private school nearby at Leitrim Place, possibly that of Ellen White, The Murrough, recorded by Slaters Directory, 1846. Halpin appears to have shown little interest in formal education and with his imagination fuelled by tales of faraway lands recounted by mariners in his fathers tavern, he left home at age 10 to become a seafarer.
Naval career.
He joined the brig "Briton" that was engaged in the Cumberland coal trade and was shipwrecked off Bude, Cornwall in 1851 with many lives lost but Halpin managed to reach the shore.
He joined the crew of the 388 ton barque "Henry Tanner", later that same year. The "Henry Tanner" plied the Britain - Australia run and Halpin's first voyage to Australia coincided with the Australian Gold Rush of 1852. Over half the crew jumped ship to seek their fortunes in the gold fields. Unable to muster a crew the "Henry Tanner" was forced to remain in port until the enthusiasm of these same prospectors wore thin and they returned to their posts.
Halpin then joined the ship "Boomerang" as a third mate. The "Boomerang" worked on the Liverpool to Melbourne to Kio (Ecuador) route, returning with cargo of "guano", bird-droppings used as fertiliser.
Halpin was promoted to second mate of the "Salem", a wool clipper on the Australia run before he transferred over from sail to steam ships. Halpin believed steam was the future of shipping and became first officer in the "Khersonese".
At 22 years of age, he was given command of the S.S."Propellor", later joining the "Circassian" both steamships belonging to the Atlantic Royal Company. In 1858 Robert became involved in new sea route that had started from Galway, Ireland to St. Johns Newfoundland, giving a quicker, shorter Atlantic crossing. Emigration from Europe to North America was the new large shipping trade and operated from major ports such as Liverpool, Hamburg and Galway. By 1859 the Galway line was prospering and the popular S.S."Argo" was commanded by Robert Halpin, then aged 24. Disaster struck in August 1859 while in thick fog at the Newfoundland fishing banks when the "Argo" struck an iceberg and sank. At subsequent enquiry, Halpin lost his masters ticket. Despite this setback in 1860 the Spanish Government commissioned him to deliver two troop ships, the "Isla de Cuba" and the "Isla de Puerto Rica", to South America.
At the break out of the American Civil War, Halpin ran the Yankee blockades bringing supplies to the Confederate States and returning with cotton to Europe. In 1864 he was forced to run his ship aground to evade capture but was then detained by the Northern Union forces. The case against him was unproven and he was released after the Battle of Mobile Bay. . .
It was then Halpin began his association with the steam ship the "Great Eastern". In his book "The Great Iron Ship", author James Dugan states, "the first and in some ways the most interesing of the ocean liners was the "Great Eastern", brainchild of the legendary Isambard Kingdom Brunel."
The following extract is taken from biographical notes on William Thomson, Lord Kelvin:
"Thomson was actually aboard the Great Eastern, the ship which laid the cable. The first officer and key navigator was another Irishman, Robert Halpin from Wicklow Town. Halpin was soon appointed captain of the ship, and went on to earn further distinction for cable laying, earning the nickname "Mr Cable"."
The Great Eastern.
Launched at the Isle of Dogs, Kent, 31 January 1858, she was 693 feet in length (over 200 metres) 22,500 tons dead weight and had passenger accommodation for over 3000 passengers. Five times larger than any other ship then built, she had six masts named Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday etc..., five funnels, 6500 yards of sail, two 58 ft paddle wheels, a 24 ft screw (which remains the biggest ever built) and a coal carrying capacity of 15000 tons.
The "Great Eastern" had a career dogged by misfortune. The "Great Eastern" was made ready for her maiden voyage to the United States. She was designed for the longer Britain to Australia run and proved uneconomical on the shorter Atlantic routes. She left Southampton, 16 June 1860, with 418 crew but only 35 paying passengers including one carrying an English fighting cock and three hens in wicker cages for a chicken fighter in California. On 28 June the ship docked successfully completing her maiden voyage. Never filled to capacity and losing money, the vessel was sold from company to company and in 1867 was chartered by a French syndicate to bring American visitors to the Paris World Exhibition. She attracted only 191 passengers including Jules Verne who later wrote a book about her called "A Floating City".
Telegraphy.
Before the 1860s there was great interest in Telegraphy and the linking of Europe to America by telegraphic cable. The first successful cable was laid in August 1858. Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom exchanged congratulations briefly with the American President James Buchanan. This first success proved the telegraph could be done underwater but this also didn't last but a week only because a workman applied too much voltage through the cable and "fried" it.
Pioneered by Cyrus Field, mainland Europe had been connected by telegraphy as had Europe to Britain and Britain to Ireland. A company was formed that converted the Great Eastern into a cable layer and Halpin was given the post of First Engineer. Their task was to lay a submarine transatlantic telegraph cable from Valentia Island, County Kerry to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia. The cable, 2600 miles long was stored in the ship's tanks and weighed 6000 tons.
1,862 miles from Valentia, the cable broke and the "Great Eastern" returned to Europe. Rumour has it that the price of shares on the stock exchange hit rock bottom and that Halpin purchased many in hope (or expectancy) of making a killing. In 1866 with Robert at the helm the ship returned to the exact spot, recovered and repaired the broken cable. In July that year, the "Great Eastern" arrived at Hearts Content, Newfoundland and completed the connection between the continents which has never been interrupted since.
Later, as captain, Halpin laid an estimated of cable (more than enough to circle the globe). The cable routes included the French Transatlantic Cable from Brest to St. Pierre-Miquelon in 1866 (under the patronage of Julius Reuters), the 1869 Bombay-Aden-Suez cable, and the Australia-New Zealand-East Indies, Madras-Singapore-Penang, and Madeira-Brazil.
For Halpin's services, Brazilian Emperor Pedro II made him Knight of the Order of the Rose. He was also awarded the Legion d'Honeur, elected a Fellow of the Royal Geographical Society. His circle included Lord Kelvin, who had been aboard the Great Eastern as chief engineer overseeing the cable laying, Admiral Sherard Osborn, who proposed him for Fellowship of the Royal Geographical Society, the American hydrographer Matthew Fontaine Maury, Alfred Lord Tennyson, Ferdinand de Lesseps, and Edmund Dickens, nephew of Charles Dickens amongst other notables of the day.
On returning to Wicklow c.1875 after a brief residence near London, Halpin became chairman of the Wicklow Gas Company, Wicklow Harbour Master and Secretary of Wicklow Harbour Commissioners. He built a family home at Tinakilly, now a hotel, two miles north of Wicklow. He was Secretary of the Wicklow Harbour Commissioners in 1880 when the East Breakwater was built - arguably the most important built structure in the small maritime port's history. He ran for political office as a Unionist in July 1892, losing to Sweetman who was the Anti-Parnell Home Rule candidate. Halpin managed to defeat the outgoing Parnellite Home Rule candidate, Corbett.
On 20 January 1894, Robert Halpin died at age 58 of gangrene resulting from a minor cut after trimming his toe nails and accidentally cutting into the skin. A granite obelisk, erected in 1897, in the centre of Wicklow town commemorates his life and career. The land for the obelisk was donated by Lord Fitzwilliam and since called Fizwilliam Square.
He was married to Jessica Munn of Heart's Content, Newfoundland. They had three daughters, Ethel, Belle and Edith. The last daughter, Belle, died in 1952. The family is buried at the Wicklow Parish Church with a Celtic Cross headstone marking the grave. Many artifacts from his life were donated by his daughters to the Maritime Institute of Ireland. There is a display in the National Maritime Museum of Ireland, Dún Laoghaire.
Tinakilly House.
The name Tinakilly is derived from the townland of Tinakilly on which the house is built. It comes from the Gaelic; Ti=house: na=of the: Coille=wood. So the whole name in Irish means "House of the Wood". It is probable that a farmhouse of the same name was on the site or close by. Some of the trees in the garden appear to predate the house which took ten years to build and was completed in 1883.
Tinakilly was constructed for Captain Robert Halpin.
Halpin is reputed to have been given an open cheque by the British Government to build his new mansion in gratitude for his contribution to improving world communications and thereby world trade. He recruited the then very fashionable Irish architect, James Franklin Fuller, to design the house. The timber, which is so evident and gives such character, was selected in London by Halpin. The doors on the ground floor are of Burmese mahogany with many panels of different woods, the best of which are in "birds eye" maple. The architraves, window shutters and stairs are in American pitch pine. Fireplaces were imported from Italy with the exception of the drawing room where a fine Georgian one, probably from an old house in Dublin, graces the room. The cellar, with space for 2,000 bottles of wine, is built of brick while the rest of the construction is in stone and mortar. The original working drawings can be seen hanging in the AnteRoom to the Brunel Dining Room. 
In total, it cost £40,000 to build Tinakilly (about £4 million Sterling in today's value). The great hall cum living room with its fine gallery is the main feature. All ceilings are heavily corniced and are 14 foot high on the ground floor. 
In 1870 the land extended to 400 acres and life in the great house was on a grand scale. Two Head Gardeners were employed, one for inside the walled garden to grow fruit and vegetables and the other to supervise the seven acres of pleasure gardens. A duty for one of the maids each week was to wash and scrub the granite steps in the garden. In the summer, 20 boys from the village of Rathnew were employed to hoe the extensive rose garden. There are fine stands of beech eucalyptus and evergreen oak while two giant sequoias (American Redwood) are at either end of the old tennis court. The site chosen for the house is on elevated ground two miles north of Wicklow Town, overlooking Broadlough Bird Sanctuary and the Irish Sea. There was however no source of fresh water. A stream about a half mile away and 150ft lower was found and a leather ram pump was built to feed three 1,000 gallon tanks in the roof of Tinakilly. In later years even the local council water was unsatisfactory and a 300ft well was sunk to guarantee a sure supply.
See also.
Jimmy Cleary and Andrew O'Brien, Wicklow Harbour - A History (Wicklow, 2001).
Jim Rees, the life of captain Robert Halpin (Arklow,1992)

</doc>
<doc id="2839854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839854" title="Fana-Khusrau">
Fana-Khusrau

Fana-Khusrau was a son of the Buyid amir Majd al-Dawla.
Fana-Khusrau attempted to recreate his father's state in central Iran, which had been overrun by the Ghaznavids in 1029. However, despite the defeat of the Ghaznavids by the Seljuks in 1040, Fana-Khusrau was not successful in his attempts. He vainly attempted to preserve central Iran from the Seljuks, who became the supreme power in that area.

</doc>
<doc id="2839871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839871" title="The Game (audio drama)">
The Game (audio drama)

The Game is a Big Finish Productions audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who".
Plot.
The Fifth Doctor and Nyssa find themselves caught up in the politics between the Gora and the Lineen, which expresses itself in the form of the planetary obsession — the arena sport known as Naxy. While the Doctor discovers that the game has very deadly penalties, Nyssa has to deal with famed negotiator Lord Carlisle, who claims that the Doctor is his best friend.

</doc>
<doc id="2839876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839876" title="Lea Green railway station">
Lea Green railway station

Lea Green railway station is in St Helens, Merseyside, England, around three miles from the town centre near the suburb of Clock Face. It is on the northern route of the Liverpool to Manchester Line (the former Liverpool and Manchester Railway). It is operated by Northern Rail. It opened in 2000, and has a Park and Ride car park and a modern CCTV security system linked to a small booking office.
An earlier Lea Green station closed decades earlier, a few hundred metres away - the present station's location would more accurately be described as Marshalls Cross. It is about 2 miles from Thatto Heath railway station on the Liverpool to Wigan Line.
Services.
Northern Rail operate trains (every 30 minutes Monday-Saturday daytime) to Liverpool Lime Street. In the other direction, these trains run to Earlestown, from where one train per hour continues to Manchester Victoria and the other to Warrington Bank Quay. A couple of the "express" trains call at the station in the early morning and late evening (Monday - Saturday) to Manchester Airport. Sunday services see just 1 train per hour to Liverpool Lime Street and Manchester Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="2839878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839878" title="Barrie Goulding">
Barrie Goulding

Barrie Goulding is a UK TV producer who has produced several controversial videos, among them "Caught In The Act" and "Executions". 
"Caught In The Act" features uncensored CCTV footage of, among other things, armed robberies, drug deals, and coverage of the scandal over the Princess Diana video spy controversy. "Executions", as the title suggests, features footage of a number of executions, moreover opening the debate on the Death Penalty.
In 1994, Barrie Goulding was responsible for the marketing campaign launching the first of the UK's reality video programmes "Police Stop!". This programme led the way for the numerous reality programmes now seen on UK TV.

</doc>
<doc id="2839899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839899" title="Sam Peckinpah's &quot;Salad Days&quot;">
Sam Peckinpah's &quot;Salad Days&quot;

"Sam Peckinpah's 'Salad Days" is a "Monty Python's Flying Circus" sketch from season 3 (episode 33).
In an example of the Python team's fondness of the 'double spoof', this third series sketch targets both the genteel stage musical "Salad Days" and the work of the controversial American film director Sam Peckinpah and his exaggeration of extreme bloodshed and violence in his films. This sketch occurs immediately following the famous Cheese Shop sketch.
Plot.
After a preamble by Eric Idle (impersonating the British film critic Philip Jenkinson), who praises Peckinpah's predilection for "violence in its starkest form" (while constantly sniffling, despite the onscreen captions persistently telling him to stop), we are treated to a clip from Peckinpah's latest project, which is an adaptation of the aforementioned musical.
Well-dressed, well-spoken, upper-class youngsters frolic in an idyllic garden around an upright piano, responding enthusiastically to Michael Palin's suggestion of a game of tennis. Things go awry when Palin is struck in the face by the ball, causing blood to seep through his fingers. He reflexively flings his racquet out of shot; we then see that it has become embedded in the stomach of a pretty girl (Nicki Howorth), who faints, tearing Eric Idle's arm off in the process. Idle staggers across to the piano and slams down the lid, severing both hands of the pianist (John Cleese). The piano then collapses in slow motion, crushing a screaming woman to death. Somehow Graham Chapman gets impaled by the piano keyboard, which slices off a woman's head when he turns around. The sketch then cuts back to the studio, prompting Idle to remark "pretty strong meat there from "" Sam Peckinpah", before he is gunned down in slow motion, with much spurting blood (and the caption "Tee Hee"). The end credits roll over his dying agonies, before a serious-sounding Cleese reads an apology to everyone in the entire world (which states that "they didn't mean it"), and that while they all came from broken homes and have very unhappy personal lives (especially Eric), they are actually nice, warm people underneath and urging the viewers not to write or phone complaints about the sketch since the BBC is going through an unhappy phase due to its father dying (Lord Reith had indeed died the previous year) "and BBC 2 going out with men", which is then denied by Idle (who mentions that the BBC is "very happy at home" and that the "BBC 2 is bound to go through this phase").
This is followed by Richard Baker in a newsdesk reporting the news (which is filled with running jokes from the preceding sketches, such as the phrase "Lemon Curry"), then by a deliberately tranquil final scene of waves crashing against a shore. Cleese briefly walks into shot in a Roundhead costume, explaining that the scene was added to fill in time and apologising for the lack of any more jokes.
Reaction.
Robert Hewison's book, "Monty Python: The Case Against", contains extracts from a BBC viewers panel's response to the show, and there were complaints that this particular sketch was "over the top", "horrific", and "sick".
"Weird Al" Yankovic referenced this sketch in his video for "You Don't Love Me Anymore", in which Robert Goulet is horribly maimed by a piano and cello bow.
Peckinpah himself reportedly loved this sketch and enjoyed showing it to friends and family.

</doc>
<doc id="2839909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839909" title="Daily Athenaeum">
Daily Athenaeum

The Daily Athenaeum is the official student newspaper at West Virginia University. Founded in 1887, the paper draws students from all disciplines to contribute original content for publication. It is editorially independent from the university, and also does not have a faculty adviser. The DA is distributed at various locations on campus, as well as around Morgantown in restaurants and businesses. Content is also available online via its website. With a circulation of nearly 10,000, The Daily Athenaeum is West Virginia's 9th-largest newspaper.
The DA's offices are located at 283 Prospect Street, across the street from Arnold Hall on the Downtown campus. The DA publishes daily throughout the school year, as well as once per week during the summer. The primary sections of the paper are news, opinion, arts & entertainment and sports.
Editorial Staff.
Current.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="2839912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839912" title="Rhinitis medicamentosa">
Rhinitis medicamentosa

Rhinitis medicamentosa (or RM) is a condition of rebound nasal congestion brought on by extended use of topical decongestants ("e.g.", oxymetazoline, phenylephrine, xylometazoline, and naphazoline nasal sprays) that work by constricting blood vessels in the lining of the nose.
Presentation.
This condition typically occurs after 5 to 7 days of use of such medications. Patients often try increasing both the dose and the frequency of nasal sprays upon the onset of RM, worsening the condition. The swelling of the nasal passages caused by rebound congestion may eventually result in permanent turbinate hyperplasia, which may block nasal breathing until surgically removed.
Pathophysiology.
While the mechanism of RM is unclear, several theories have been proposed.
Direct acting sympathomimetic amines, such as phenylephrine stimulate alpha adrenergic receptors, while mixed-acting agents, such as pseudoephedrine can stimulate both alpha and beta adrenergic receptors directly and indirectly by releasing norepinephrine from sympathetic nerve terminals. At first, the vasoconstrictive effect of alpha-receptors dominates, but with continued use of an alpha agonist, this effect fades first, allowing the vasodilation due to beta-receptor stimulation to emerge.
However, if oxymetazoline is used only nightly for allergic rhinitis, it can be used longer than one week without risk of rhinitis medicamentosa.
Treatment.
The treatment of RM involves withdrawal of the offending nasal spray. Both a "cold turkey" and a "weaning" approach can be used. Cold turkey is the most effective treatment method, as it directly removes the cause of the condition, yet the time period between the discontinuation of the decongestant and the relief of symptoms may be too long for some individuals (particularly when trying to go to sleep when they are unable to breathe through their nose). The use of Over the Counter (OTC) saline nasal sprays may help open the nose without causing RM if the spray does not contain a decongestant (or preservative) . Symptoms of congestion and runny nose can often be treated with corticosteroid nasal sprays under the supervision of a physician. For very severe cases, oral steroids or nasal surgery may be necessary.
There are anecdotal reports of persons having success by withdrawing treatment from one nostril at a time.
A study has shown that the anti-infective agent benzalkonium chloride, which is frequently added to topical nasal sprays as a preservative, aggravates the condition by further increasing the rebound swelling.
Causes.
Common issues that lead to overuse of topical decongestants:

</doc>
<doc id="2839922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839922" title="Henry Justin Allen">
Henry Justin Allen

Henry Justin Allen (September 11, 1868 – January 17, 1950) was the 21st Governor of Kansas (1919–1923) and U.S. Senator from Kansas (1929–31).
Allen was born in Warren County, Pennsylvania to John and Rebecca Elizabeth (Goodwin) Allen. His family moved to Kansas in 1870, where they settled in Clay County.
Before becoming active in politics, Allen acquired ownership of newspapers throughout Kansas, beginning with the "Manhattan Nationalist" in Manhattan, Kansas in 1894. He owned the "Topeka State Journal" with Arthur J. Carruth, Jr and William P. Snyder. Generally forward-looking in his outlook, he hired Frank Lloyd Wright to design his home in Wichita, Kansas. Allen's home is the only residence designed by Wright in Kansas.
Allen was in France with William Allen White inspecting the facilities provided to Kansas soldiers of the American Expeditionary Force during World War I when his party nominated him for the office of governor. During the campaign in 1918, Allen never spent any of his own money and learned about his nomination from a Paris newspaper. He served from 1919 to 1923.
Allen expressed some admiration for Benito Mussolini's policies in the 1920s and pushed through a similar industrial court provision. When publisher William Allen White objected, he was arrested in a free speech battle. White won the 1923 Pulitzer Prize for his editorial "To an Anxious Friend," published July 27, 1922 opposing the law.
After leaving the governorship, Allen was U.S. Special Commissioner for Near East Relief in Armenia, Turkey, Greece, and Southern Russia. In 1928 he was Director of Publicity for the Republican National Committee.
In April, 1929 was appointed to the United States Senate to fill the vacancy caused when Charles Curtis resigned to become Vice President. Allen served from April 1, 1929 to November 30, 1930. He ran unsuccessfully for the remainder of Curtis' term, and was succeeded by George McGill.
Allen died in 1950 following a cerebral thrombosis in Wichita, Kansas. He is buried at the Maple Grove Cemetery in Wichita, Kansas. Allen was posthumously inducted into the Kansas Newspaper Hall of Fame two years later.

</doc>
<doc id="2839923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839923" title="Schempp-Hirth Nimbus">
Schempp-Hirth Nimbus

__NOTOC__
The Schempp-Hirth Nimbus was a prototype glider built by Klaus Holighaus. 
The HS-3 Nimbus was a high performance single-seater. Holighaus designed and built this prototype glider in his spare time with assistance from Schempp-Hirth. Strictly speaking, it is not a Schempp-Hirth glider but rather a glider built at Schempp-Hirth.
It employed the same fuselage as the Open Class Cirrus and a similar tail, but had an entirely new wing, high-set and in three segments adding up to a 22 metre span. The prototype first flew in January 1969. 
The type was seriously under-ruddered. After the pilot applied full stick and rudder, the glider continued to fly straight ahead for several seconds before suddenly dropping a wing, requiring full opposite controls. No air brakes were fitted and it was an exceptionally difficult glider to land. It was damaged several times in overshoots. However, it had an exceptionally high performance for the time, with a best glide ratio of 51:1 at 90 km/h and a minimum sink rate of only 0.43 m/s. 
George Moffat of the USA flew the Nimbus in the 1970 World Gliding Championships at Marfa, Texas. He had to modify the aircraft's cockpit to fit in, and became the first person to sample its spin characteristics when, in mid-competition, the glider departed from a steep turn into autorotation with asymmetric water ballast. While considering bailing out, he remembered that the spin of the similar Akaflieg Darmstadt D36 could be tamed by rocking the stick back and forth violently. Flexing the wings caused the angle of attack to change and recovery eventually ensued. In spite of these difficulties, Moffat and the Nimbus won the World Championship.
The production version of the Nimbus was the Schempp-Hirth Nimbus-2.

</doc>
<doc id="2839932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839932" title="Fukushima-ku, Osaka">
Fukushima-ku, Osaka

The ward is primarily a residential quarter, but has some office buildings and a commercial district, as well as factories and wholesale businesses.
In recent years, many high rise apartment buildings and office buildings have been built in this ward, because it is close to the Umeda and Dōjima business centres.
As of 2008, the number of residents is 63,237. Land area is 4.67 square km. It is bordered by Yodo River on the north, and Dōjima River on the south.
History.
This district (north part of Dōjima) was a suburban farm village during the Edo period, and large factories, especially textile factories, were built during the Meiji period. Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. was established in 1918 in Fukushima-ku. Even today, there are many printing companies and automobile parts wholesalers in the ward. Prior to World War II, Osaka University Hospital and Osaka City Central Market was located here.
After World War II, many office buildings were built around JR Fukushima station, because it is close to Umeda (business centre of western Japan). Other areas of Fukushima-ku were converted from factories into residential areas and commercial districts.
In recent years, high rise apartment buildings were built at many places in Fukushima-ku. In 2008, Hotarumachi was redeveloped at the former site of Osaka University Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="2839936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839936" title="The Juggernauts">
The Juggernauts

The Juggernauts is a Big Finish Productions audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who".
Plot.
To escape the destruction of a medical vessel the Sixth Doctor sends his red-headed companion Melanie Bush out in an escape pod, promising to seek her out once he rescues his TARDIS from the exploding ship. However, on finding his ship he is trapped in a Dalek time scoop. Mel, however, lands on the planet Lethe where her skills as a computer technician are keenly sought, and she joins a team led by the wheelchair-using Dr. Vaso and works to create the Juggernauts: "the ultimate service robots". She becomes quite attached to the team (catching the eye of the juvenile but intelligent Geoff) and particularly the elderly Vaso, with whom she strikes up a rapport.
The Doctor however, discovers himself employed by the Daleks to spy on the situation on Lethe. He agrees; for they threaten Mel's life. What is the secret of the Juggernauts? Why are the Daleks interested in Lethe? What are the strange things residing in the darkness of the lower echelons of the colony?

</doc>
<doc id="2839953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839953" title="Apollo Hospitals">
Apollo Hospitals

Apollo Hospitals is an Indian hospital chain based in Chennai, India. It was founded by Dr Prathap C. Reddy in 1983 and has hospitals in India, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Ghana, Nigeria, Mauritius, Qatar, Oman and Kuwait. Apollo hospitals plan add 2,955 beds across India in the next three years. Several of the group's hospitals have been among the first in India to receive international healthcare accreditation by America-based Joint Commission International (JCI). 
The group has developed services in telemedicine, after starting a pilot project in 2000 in Pratap Reddy's home village. It is now the largest telemedicine provider in India with 71 centers. The success of Apollo Hospitals has made it a topic for Harvard Business School case study.
Projects and tieups.
Apollo Hospitals India Representative Office is a medical tourism service provider in Sri Lanka for the patients who travel to Apollo Hospitals India for medical treatment. It had already set up a medical center at the Indira Gandhi International Airport in New Delhi.
As part of Apollo's Talent Management Programme, XLRI would offer two courses – PG Certificate in General Management and Executive Diploma in General Management and Healthcare. The classes would be delivered through a video link from XLRI's Jamshedpur campus to the six learning centers of Apollo group.
Awards and Recognition.
A stamp was released on 2 November 2009 to commemorate the service of Apollo Hospitals The group's "Billion Hearts Beating" campaign, a national communication campaign of the Apollo Hospitals Group and the "Times of India", won the "Global Award for Brand Excellence" of the "Campaign of the Year Award" at the World Brand Congress 2010 at Mumbai.

</doc>
<doc id="2839957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839957" title="Solar Electric Light Fund">
Solar Electric Light Fund

The Solar Electric Light Fund (SELF) is a Washington, D.C.-based nonprofit whose mission is to design and implement solar energy solutions to assist those living in energy poverty with their economic, educational, health care, and agricultural development. Since 1990, SELF has completed projects in more than 20 countries, using solar energy to power drip irrigation in Benin, health care in Haiti, telemedicine in the Amazon rainforest, online learning in South Africa, and microenterprise development in Nigeria.
Methodology.
SELF believes that energy access is essential to achieving the Millennium Development Goals. SELF’s Whole Village Development Model takes an integrated approach to community empowerment by using a mix of solar energy solutions to improve the lives of the 1.5 billion people who don’t have access to electricity around the world.  By working closely with communities and adhering to its principles of SELF Determination, SELF Help and SELF Reliance, it seeks to provide benefits in:
History.
Foundation.
SELF was founded in 1990 by Neville Williams, an award-winning journalist and author (), who had experience actively promoting solar power as a staffer with the U.S. Department of Energy during the Carter administration.  For much of the 1990s, SELF’s primary mission was to deliver solar home systems – 50-watt units installed at the household level that could generate enough power to run a few compact fluorescent lights, a radio, and a small black and white television for four or five hours each evening. The electricity generated by the solar panel is stored in a battery, which then provides power at night and during rainy weather.
In its early projects, SELF used funds donated by private philanthropies to buy home-size photovoltaic systems in bulk on the open market, usually enough for one small village at a time. SELF then sold the systems to villagers in developing areas, in partnership,where possible, with in-country nonprofit agencies. Each participating household made a 20 percent down payment on a solar energy system and paid off the balance – usually between $300 and $400 – over several years. The buyers’payments were pooled in a local revolving loan fund from which their neighbors could borrow to buy their own solar power gear. SELF used a portion of the proceeds on the equipment to establish a local dealership and train residents as solar installers and technicians. The revolving loan funds made it possible for villagers to finance the continued dissemination of solar systems in their areas.
Focusing on the Home & Creating SELCO.
Over time, SELF began to evolve more elaborate project structures. In a joint venture with local partners in India, SELF formed a for-profit subsidiary using India's Ministry of New and Renewable Energy to tap World Bank funds set aside specifically for photovoltaic installations. In part, the company used the money to finance rural co-ops’ bulk purchase of solar-energy systems for their members, to install the systems, and to train local technicians. The company then repaid the World Bank’s loan from funds collected from the co-ops.
In 1997, SELF decided to launch a for-profit affiliate, the Solar Electric Light Company, or SELCO, based in Bangalore, India, whose goal would be to sell solar home systems in the states of Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh. Neville Williams stepped down from his role with SELF to run SELCO, and SELF’s board of directors appointed Robert A. Freling as the new executive director. Since 1995, SELCO has sold, serviced, and financed over 115,000 solar systems.
Expanding Services.
Beginning in 2000, SELF embarked on its next generation of projects that would seek to harness solar energy for things such as advancing water pumping and purification, purveying electrification to rural schools and health clinics, providing power to small businesses and micro-enterprises, and facilitating communication access.
The first opportunity to fulfill this expanded vision was found in South Africa, where SELF had been working on a project to install solar home systems in the Valley of a Thousand Hills, in the province of KwaZulu-Natal. SELF installed a 1.5-kilowatt solar array, which generated enough electricity to power approximately 20 PCs donated by Dell Computers and a small satellite dish that delivered Internet access to Myeka High School. This was the first solar-powered computer lab built in South Africa, and the pass rate at Myeka High School jumped from 30 percent to 70 percent within a year and a half of installation.
Whole Village Development Model.
In 2003, SELF found the opportunity to implement a “Whole-Village” approach when the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) invited SELF to carry out a solar electrification project in Nigeria. With support from the DOE, SELF equipped three villages in Jigawa State, in northern Nigeria, with solar power systems for a community water-pumping system, a health clinic, a primary school, street lighting, a portable irrigation pump, and a micro-enterprise center.
Current Projects.
Benin.
In partnership with the International Crops Research Institute for the Semi-Arid Tropics (ICRISAT) and Association pour le Developpement Economique Social et Culturel de Kalalé (ADESCA), SELF installed three of its Solar Market Gardens™ (SMG), an innovative, unique solar-powered drip irrigation system, for women farming collectives in Dunkassa and Bessassi, two villages in the arid, northern part of the country. In 2012, operations expanded, adding eight new SMG’s and new solar systems for two schools and a health center. SELF is currently working on powering a micro-enterprise center, street lights and a drinking water distribution system in each of the villages.
A two-year study conducted by Stanford University’s Program on Food Security and the Environment department appearing in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences found that SELF’s SMGs, “significantly augments both household income and nutritional intake, particularly during the dry season, and is cost effective compared to alternative technologies.”
Haiti.
After the 2010 earthquake, SELF and Partners In Health teamed to develop the Rebuilding Haiti Initiative to fully power eight health centers. SELF has also installed 100 solar powered streetlights in tent camps to increase safety, and in collaboration with NRG Energy, Inc. and the Clinton Bush Haiti Fund, SELF has completed the Sun Lights the Way: Brightening Boucan Carré project by installing solar systems to power a fish farm, 20 schools, a Solar Market Garden™, and a microenterprise center. The success of this project has increased the quality of education for students in remote areas and has contributed to ensuring year-round food security.
Colombia.
With support from Acción Social (a governmental agency in Colombia) and Microsoft, SELF conducted a week long site assessment and determined that deploying solar electric systems for the indigenous Arhuaco, Kogi and Wiwa communities in the Sierra Nevada mountains of northern Colombia is feasible. The project, a part of the Cordon Ambiental y Tradicional de la Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta initiative led by Acción Social, is intended to power the health and educational facilities in the villages, along with community lighting systems at select locations. 
SELF was selected as a Grand Challenges Explorations winner, an initiative funded by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, for groundbreaking research in solar powered direct-drive freezers to support global health and development. To support immunization efforts at two remote village health posts in the mountains of Colombia’s Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta, SELF is currently field testing three recently installed solar powered direct-drive vaccine refrigerators and the first commercially available direct-drive, battery-free vaccine icepack freezer. 
SELF is also planning on installing a solar energy based microgrid in the village of Sabana Crespo to power coffee facilities, the village general store, a health care clinic which includes a new laboratory, and the village’s school and cafeteria.
Partnerships.
In alphabetical order

</doc>
<doc id="2839963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839963" title="Minissha Lamba">
Minissha Lamba

Minissha Lamba (born 18 January 1985) is an Indian actress who appears in Bollywood films. She made her debut with "Yahaan" (2005). Her other notable films include "Honeymoon Travels Pvt. Ltd." (2007), "Bachna Ae Haseeno" (2008) and "Bheja Fry 2" (2011).
Early life.
Minisha Lamba was born in a punjabi family to S. Kewal Lamba and Manju Lamba in New Delhi in 1985.She studied at Chettinad Vidyashram School, Chennai for a year. She majored in English with honours from Miranda House
Career.
Minissha's ambition then, was to become a journalist. While studying for a degree in Delhi, she was offered to represent ad campaigns like LG, Sony, Cadbury, Hajmola, Airtel, Sunsilk etc. During an ad shoot for Cadbury she was approached by Bollywood director, Shoojit Sircar, who signed her to act in his film "Yahaan" (2005).
She has played supporting and leading roles in films such as "Corporate", "", "Anthony Kaun Hai", "Honeymoon Travels Pvt. Ltd.", "Anamika", "Shaurya" and "Dus Kahaniyaan".
In 2008, she acted in "Bachna Ae Haseeno" her biggest success so far. Same year she was noticed for her bold role in "Kidnap". Her next major role was in Shyam Benegal film "Well Done Abba" (2010).
Music Videos.
She has also appeared in the music video for Himesh Reshammiya's song Tera Surroor from the album Aap Kaa Surroor which became very popular.

</doc>
<doc id="2839968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839968" title="Khlong San District">
Khlong San District

Khlong San (; ) is one of the 50 districts (Khet) of Bangkok, Thailand. Located on the west bank of Chao Phraya River, neighboring districts across the river are (from north clockwise) Phra Nakhon, Samphanthawong, Bang Rak, Sathon, and Bang Kho Laem. On the western side of the river, the only land neighbor is Thon Buri.
History.
Khlong San was once called, in chronological order, Amphoe Bang Lamphu Lang (บางลำภูล่าง), Amphoe Buppharam (บุปผาราม), and Amphoe Khlong San (since 1916) when it was part of Thon Buri province. Its status was changed to King Amphoe in 1938 and back to Amphoe again in 1957 due to population changes. It became part of Bangkok after the merging of Thon Buri and Phra Nakhon provinces in 1971.
Khlong San was originally the terminus of the Maeklong Railway, but the line was cut back to Wongwian Yai in 1961 to ease traffic congestion.
Administration.
The district is sub-divided into 4 sub-districts ("Kwaeng").

</doc>
<doc id="2839975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839975" title="Locus (genetics)">
Locus (genetics)

In genetics, a locus (plural loci) is the specific location of a gene or DNA sequence or position on a chromosome. Each chromosome carries many genes; humans' estimated 'haploid' protein coding genes are 20,000-25,000, on the 23 different chromosomes. A variant of the similar DNA sequence located at a given locus is called an allele. The ordered list of loci known for a particular genome is called a genetic map. Gene mapping is the process of determining the locus for a particular biological trait. 
Diploid and polyploid cells whose chromosomes have the same allele of a given gene at some locus are called homozygous with respect to that gene, while those that have different alleles of a given gene at a locus, are called heterozygous with respect to that gene.
Nomenclature.
The chromosomal locus of a gene might be written "6p21.3". Because "21" refers to "region 2, band 1" this is read as "two one", not as "twenty-one". So the entire locus is "six P two one point three."
A range of loci is specified in a similar way. For example, the locus of gene OCA1 may be written "11q1.4-q2.1", meaning it is on the long arm of chromosome 11, somewhere in the range from sub-band 4 of region 1 to sub-band 1 of region 2.
The ends of a chromosome are labeled ""pter"" and ""qter"", and so ""2qter"" refers to the terminus of the long arm of chromosome 2.
Centisome.
A centisome (not to be confused with a centrosome) is defined as 1% of a chromosome length.
References.
Michael, R. Cummings. (2011). Human Heredity. Belmont, CA: Brooks/Cole

</doc>
<doc id="2839977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839977" title="Ok Tedi Mine">
Ok Tedi Mine

The Ok Tedi Mine is an open-pit copper and gold mine in Papua New Guinea located near the headwaters of the Ok Tedi River, in the Star Mountains Rural LLG of the North Fly District of the Western Province of Papua New Guinea. Discharges from the mine have caused widespread and diverse harm, both environmentally and socially, to the 50,000 people who live in the 120 villages downstream of the mine.
The mine is operated by Ok Tedi Mining Limited (OTML) which is majority owned by the PNG Sustainable Development Program Limited (PNGSDPL). Prior to 2002, it was majority owned by BHP Billiton—the largest mining company in the world since a merger in 2001.
Located in a remote area of PNG, above on Mount Fubilan, in a region of high rainfall and frequent earthquakes, mine development posed serious challenges. The town of Tabubil was built to serve the mining operation.
History.
Before mining operations Mount Fubilan was a copper mountain with a gold cap.
Exploratory drilling in the area began in the 1970s, and was run by the Kennecott Copper Corporation.
In the early 80s, BHP (now BHP Billiton) secured a mining lease and in 1984, began exploiting a gold cap on the mountain using cyanide extraction procedures. After the gold deposit was depleted, a much larger copper deposit was targeted underneath. At that time, this deposit was believed to be the largest copper deposit in the world. BHP entered into a partnership with the Papua New Guinea government, Amaco Coorporation and a Canadian company, Inmet Mining Corporation, to mine the copper deposit, although BHP maintained a majority share in the mine.
Around 20 years after the beginning of mining operations, majority share ownership turned into the hands of the PNG Sustainable Development Program, in the wake of the Ok Tedi Environmental Disaster.
All mining operations at Fubilan have had their headquarters based at Tabubil.
Infrastructure.
As a substantial economic entity in Papua New Guinea and the Western Province, accounting for over half of the entire province's economy and 25.7% of the country's entire export earnings, the mine has been responsible for a large amount of the infrastructure.
The mine.
The mine works as an open cut operation and Mount Fubilan has been reduced to a deep pit in the ground.
By 31 December 2004, 8,896,577 tonnes of copper concentrate (containing 2,853,265 tonnes of copper metal and of gold metal) had been mined. In addition, between 1985 and 1990, 47.642 tonnes (1,531,700 ounces) of gold bullion were produced.
The mill.
There is a mill adjacent to the mine that transforms the raw material mined into copper concentrate slurry. The mill operates two ball mills and one sag mill. Copper concentrate is produced as slurry and piped 137 km (85 mi) along the Kiunga-Tabubil Highway to Kiunga, the main port of the district, where it is shipped via river barge along the Fly River.
Ok Menga.
The mine is powered by a hydroelectric power facility at Ok Menga, which is a tributary of the Ok Tedi river near Tabubil.
Kiunga-Tabubil Highway.
The Kiunga-Tabubil Highway is maintained by Ok Tedi Mining Limited, as the mine is the greatest beneficiary of the road. The highway, for the most part, runs parallel with the Ok Tedi River. Parts of the highway are often consumed by the river and need to be rebuilt. The cost of maintaining this road is K1.5 million a year. The copper slurry pipeline to Kiunga from the mine runs along the full length of this road.
Tabubil.
Tabubil is a township in the North Fly District of Western Province, Papua New Guinea, about 20 km south along the Kiunga-Tabubil Highway from the minesite. The town, including the adjoining relocated village of Wangbin and the industrial area of Laytown, is the largest settlement in the province. Although the provincial capital, Daru, is almost the same size.
The town was established primarily to serve the Ok Tedi Mine. The OTML headquarters are located in a building called the "White House", which is about 500 metres south of Tabubil International School, and about 300 metres east of the Cloudlands hotel.
The mine has a backup diesel generating power facility at Tabubil.
Kiunga.
Kiunga is the port town that services the mine on the Fly River. The township, which had a population of 8,300 in the year 2000 census, is the terminus of the Kiunga-Tabubil Highway, and the copper concentrate slurry pipeline, about 140 km by road from the minesite.
Local industry rests on a cornerstone of freight and haulage, particularly servicing the mine and the town of Tabubil. The town is the headquarters of the North Fly District.
Environmental impact.
In 1999, BHP reported that the project was the cause of "major environmental damage". The mine operators discharge 80 million tons of contaminated tailings, overburden and mine-induced erosion into the river system each year.
The discharge caused widespread and diverse harm, both environmentally and socially, to the 50,000 people who live in the 120 villages downstream of the mine. Chemicals from the tailings killed or contaminated fish, which subsequently caused harm to all animal species that live in the area as well as the indigenous people. The dumping changed the riverbed, causing a relatively deep and slow river to become shallower and develop rapids thereby disrupting indigenous transportation routes. Flooding caused by the raised riverbed left a thick layer of contaminated mud on the flood plain where the plantations of taro, bananas and sago palm that are the staples of the local diet grow.
About 1300 square kilometres (500 mi²) were damaged in this way. Although the concentration of copper in the water is about 30 times above the standard level, it is still below the World Health Organization (WHO) standards.

</doc>
<doc id="2839980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839980" title="Rising Fawn, Georgia">
Rising Fawn, Georgia

Rising Fawn is a small unincorporated community in the southern part of Dade County, Georgia, United States. It is part of the Chattanooga, TN–GA Metropolitan Statistical Area. It is also the location of Cloudland Canyon State Park. 

</doc>
<doc id="2839981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839981" title="Patsy Ruth Miller">
Patsy Ruth Miller

Patsy Ruth Miller (January 17, 1904 – July 16, 1995) was an American film actress who played Esmeralda in "The Hunchback of Notre Dame" (1923) opposite Lon Chaney.
Biography.
She was born on January 17, 1904.
After being discovered by the actress Alla Nazimova at a Hollywood party, Patsy Ruth Miller got her first break with a small role in "Camille", which starred Rudolph Valentino. Her roles gradually improved, and she was chosen as a WAMPAS Baby Star in 1922.
In 1923, she was acclaimed for her performance as Esmeralda in "The Hunchback of Notre Dame" opposite Lon Chaney, Sr.
In the later part of the decade Miller appeared chiefly in light romantic comedies, opposite such actors as Clive Brook and Edward Everett Horton. Among her film credits in the late 1920s are "Broken Hearts of Hollywood" (1926), "A Hero for a Night" (1927), "Hot Heels" (1928), and "The Aviator" (1929).
She retired from films in 1931. She made a cameo appearance in the 1951 film "Quebec", which starred John Barrymore Jr., and stated in her autobiography that she had participated as a joke. She came out of retirement to do the film "Mother" in 1978.
She later achieved recognition as a writer. She won three O. Henry Awards for her short stories, wrote a novel, radio scripts, and plays. She also performed for a brief time on Broadway.
Miller was married three times, the first two ended in divorce. Her first husband was film director Tay Garnett and the second was screenwriter John Lee Mahin. Her third husband, businessman E.S. Deans, died in 1986. The frequent news about her love life once earned Miller the sobriquet "the most engaged girl in Hollywood".
Patsy Ruth Miller died at her home at the age of 91 in Palm Desert, California.

</doc>
<doc id="2839983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839983" title="Norwood District High School">
Norwood District High School

Norwood District High School is located at 44 Elm Street in Norwood, Ontario, Canada. As of 2005 it has 500 secondary students taught by 36 teachers. It is a member of the Kawartha Pine Ridge District School Board.
School faculty.
Principal: Mary Lou Steinman
Vice-Principal: Marc Gagne
Football.
The Knights play at the schools upper field with bleacher seating for about 700.

</doc>
<doc id="2839990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839990" title="Hernando Pizarro">
Hernando Pizarro

Hernando Pizarro y de Vargas (born between 1478 and 1508, died 1578 or 1608) was a Spanish conquistador and one of the Pizarro brothers who ruled over Peru. He ultimately died in Spain at a very advanced age, unlike his brothers who all suffered violent ends.
Hernando was born in Trujillo, (Extremadura), Spain, son of Captain Gonzalo Pizarro y Rodríguez de Aguilar (senior) (1446–1522) - who as colonel of infantry served in the Italian campaigns under Gonzalo Fernández de Córdoba, and in Navarre, with some distinction - and wife Isabel de Vargas.
Pizarro Brothers.
As one of the Pizarro brothers, he was related to Francisco, Juan, and Gonzalo Pizarro. He had two full sisters, Inés Pizarro y de Vargas, who married but did not have children with Francisco's only legitimate son, and Isabel Pizarro y de Vargas, married to Gonzalo de Tapia. Through his father, he was second cousins to Hernán Cortés.
The New World.
Unlike his other brothers, he was born in wedlock, and he was educated and gained influence in the Spanish court. In 1530 Hernando departed for the New World with his half-brother, Francisco Pizarro, and accompanied him during his conquests in Peru. In 1533 Hernando was sent back to advance the Pizarro interests against Francisco's uneasy partner, Diego de Almagro, as Hernando had the best connections in the Spanish court. When he returned to Peru, he ruled with his other half-brothers (Juan and Gonzalo Pizarro) over the prized Inca capital of Cuzco. Governing with an iron fist, he helped with the eventual suppression of Inca uprisings led by Manco Cápac.
Cuzco.
After Diego de Almagro returned from Chile from a fruitless gold-seeking expedition, he found that Hernando and his brothers were in control of Cuzco. However, as he had not obtained any credit for having been Francisco Pizarro's main partner in discovering Peru, he decided to claim Cuzco as part of his share. Almagro seized the city in 1537, capturing Hernando and Juan. Hernando was eventually released after negotiations between Almagro and Francisco, and in 1538 he and Gonzalo returned with an army to confront Almagro. In the ensuing Battle of Las Salinas, the Pizarros won a decisive victory, capturing Almagro and the city.
The execution of Almagro later that year and the general disorder caused by the Spanish infighting caused substantial fallout in the Spanish court. Hernando was again called upon to leverage his royal contacts: in 1539 he returned to Spain to lobby in favor of the Pizarros. Their perceived treachery was too great, however, and despite Hernando's bribery, he was imprisoned for the next twenty years. He left prison in 1560 and generally dropped out of sight, reportedly dying at the age of 100 in the year 1608. Other sources suggest he died in 1578, and some that he was 72 at the time of death, which would make the year of his birth 1505 or 1506. If he in fact was 100 years old the year of his birth would be 1455 or 1457.
Family.
In 1552, Hernando married his niece, Francisca Pizarro Yupanqui (she was the daughter of Francisco Pizarro and his Inca mistress Inés Yupanqui) in Spain. Although born out of wedlock, she was legitimized by Imperial Decree. They had five children. One of their sons, Francisco Pizarro y Pizarro, married twice and had offspring, the Marqueses de La Conquista. As a result, the Pizarro line survived Hernando's death, though currently it is extinct in male line.
His father was a son of Fernando Alonso Pizarro and wife Isabel de Vargas Rodríguez de Aguilar, paternal grandson of Fernando or Hernando Alonso de Hinojosa and wife Teresa Martínez Pizarro, and brother of Juan Pizarro, who died without issue in 1521, and Diego Fernández Pizarro, who married Marina López and had a son Fernando Pizarro López, who had a natural son named Diego Pizarro de Vargas, married to Juana Rodríguez de Bobadilla, with female issue in Portugal.
Ancestors.
Ancestors of Hernando Pizarro de Vargas

</doc>
<doc id="2839994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839994" title="SK-II">
SK-II

SK-II, is a Procter & Gamble Beauty brand, launched in 1980 in Japan. SK-II is often considered one of the most expensive beauty brands in the world.
History.
The history of SK-II goes back to the 1970s when a scientist in Japan noticed the very soft and youthful hands of women working in a Japanese saké brewery. After years of research the scientists were able to isolate the natural, nutrient-rich liquid which they called Pitera.
In 1980, the Japanese branch of Max Factor acquired rights to the ingredient, and launched the first cosmetic product containing the ingredient: "Max Factor Secret Key with Pitera". Although only modestly successful, its customer base was very loyal, so Max Factor expanded the range, renaming it "Max Factor SK-II."
In the succeeding 15 years, Max Factor passed through the hands of five different owners, each of whom ignored the SK-II product, until 1995, when current owner Procter & Gamble executive and brand manager A.G. Lafley was sent to Japan to overhaul P&G's declining business in Asia. Lafley made several changes to the company, including several at Max Factor: Lafley discovered Japanese women disliked the brand, so he focused instead on the SK-II cream instead. Within five years, it became Japan's top prestige cosmetics brand, outselling Shiseido. Today, its most popular products include its Facial Treatment Essence, Stempower Essence, and Stempower Cream. 
SK-II has since expanded into several markets. Products sold outside of Asia do not bear the Max Factor name, however; the brand is simply called "SK-II". In Japan and most of Asia, SK-II is a sub-brand of Max Factor and still bears its name.
Toxic ingredients.
In September 2006, the People's Republic of China halted all imports of SK-II products, after a consumer found traces of neodymium and chromium. Both are banned in cosmetics, and can cause allergic dermatitis and eczema. P&G withdrew several of the affected products, however there was much confusion on P&G's initial status on the subject.
One employee was quoted as stating: "We believe only a small batch of products suffered the problem", however, P&G's official press release defended the amount of the heavy metals found in the products as being "safe" and "insignificant to human health". Nonetheless, P&G withdrew several affected products, but continued selling the rest of the line, requiring consumers to sign a "safe product" agreement, in which they recognize that the SK-II products they bought are safe and release P&G of liability. 
However, by the end of that week, P&G had suspended sale of the brand altogether, shutting down its stores and pulling all products (including refund centers for affected items) from counters.
Markets sold.
SK-II is sold in the following markets:

</doc>
<doc id="2840007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840007" title="Temporal fossa">
Temporal fossa

The temporal fossa is a shallow depression on the side of the skull bounded by the temporal lines and terminating below the level of the zygomatic arch.

</doc>
<doc id="2840008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840008" title="Igor Nikulin">
Igor Nikulin

Igor Nikulin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2840016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840016" title="Darryl Olsen">
Darryl Olsen

Darryl Marvin Olsen (born October 7, 1966) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who played in one National Hockey League game for the Calgary Flames during the 1991–92 NHL season.
His son, Dylan Olsen, was drafted 28th overall by the Chicago Blackhawks during the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="2840018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840018" title="Action of Churches Together in Scotland">
Action of Churches Together in Scotland

Action of Churches Together in Scotland (ACTS) is a national ecumenical organisation of churches in Scotland, founded in 1990. It is the successor to the former Scottish Council of Churches. Since 2006 the office of ACTS has been located in Alloa; it was previously based at the (now closed) "Scottish Churches' House" in Dunblane. ACTS is one of the four national ecumenical bodies in the UK, with equivalent bodies being Churches Together in England, Cytûn in Wales and the Irish Council of Churches, plus Churches Together in Britain and Ireland.
Secretariat.
Since April 2014, the General Secretary is the Reverend Matthew Ross, a minister of the Church of Scotland. The Deputy General Secretary is the Reverend Ian Boa of the United Free Church of Scotland; he succeeded the Revd Lindsey Sanderson of the United Reformed Church. There are also two Network officers to support the work of the four Networks of ACTS (as of 2014 to be replaced by defined programmes).
Working as Churches Together.
ACTS is a place where churches meet, experience, reflect, share and act together. There are a number of projects which ACTS coordinates across Scotland. It is not intended that ACTS should develop into a "superchurch". Prior to 2003, four member churches of ACTS were part of the "Scottish Churches Initiative for Union" (which sought institutional unity - project which ACTS was not part of), but a negative vote at the General Assembly in 2003 entailed the withdrawal of the Church of Scotland from SCIFU. Henceforth, greater emphasis has been placed on the development of Local Ecumenical Partnerships.
The principle of being Churches Together is of central importance to the work of ACTS. Essentially, this is known as the ""Lund Principle"" (which was adopted in Lund by churches at the third world conference on Faith and Order in August 1952.) This states:
""the churches should act together in all matters ... except those in which deep difference of conviction compel them to act separately""
Governance of ACTS.
The agenda of ACTS is set at a national level by the church denominations through their representatives on the "Members' Meeting". To comply with the requirements of the Office of the Scottish Charity Regulator, the legal responsibility for the oversight and governance of ACTS is vested in Trustees, chaired by the Convener of ACTS and supported by the Secretariat. As of 2014, the Convener of ACTS is Mrs Helen Hood (Scottish Episcopal Church).
Networks.
ACTS has four Networks, which are central to the work of ACTS. These are:
As of 2014, as part of a restructuring of ACTS, the Networks are being replaced by a system of defined Projects.
Associated Ecumenical Groups.
The Associated Ecumenical Groups (AEGs) are bodies of the Scottish Churches’ which each have a specialist subject area and remit. There are currently seventeen.

</doc>
<doc id="2840022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840022" title="Smithdon High School">
Smithdon High School

Smithdon High School (formerly known as Hunstanton Secondary Modern School) is a comprehensive school in Hunstanton, Norfolk. Designed by the controversial architects Peter and Alison Smithson and completed in 1954, the school was immediately acclaimed by the architectural critics. However, its stark and uncompromising design, particularly the large expanses of glass (inspired by the work of Mies van der Rohe) caused some practical problems with heating and cooling, and this has since been modified by the addition of black panels in place of glass. 
Architectural history.
Hunstanton School was one of the most popular works by the Smithsons. Known locally as 'the glasshouse', the school was strikingly modern in many ways, most notably in its extensive use of glass and steel, and the unusual free-standing water tower. 
The school main building is now officially a Grade II* listed building due to its groundbreaking architectural style. The school Gymnasium is separately grade II* listed. 
The school today.
The school is under Norfolk County Council. The current headteacher is Jon Goodchild and in a recent OFSTED report the school was rated Grade 3: Satisfactory, and in some areas Grade 2: Good. However, now it is in special measures. For a few years now the school has had specialist status in Mathematics and Computing, and is working on becoming specialist in performance arts.
Study facilities.
The school has many study facilities to aid the education of its students, these facilities include the library and many computer rooms. The library (or Learning Resource Centre as it is officially known) is located on the first floor of the Katherine Shaw block (so named after the headteacher, under which it was built), which was opened by the Queen in 2000. The library is made available to all students during break and lunchtimes, and can be used throughout the school day by the sixth form for silent study.
The school is constantly growing through the supreme budget it is receiving, and has transformed from a classic secondary modern school into the new age of technology, with interactive white boards in almost all classrooms, computers available in all classrooms and the 7 computer rooms, and the dramatic improvement in Music Technology to comply with the specifications needed for the new course, including the building of a recording studio.
A technology block was built in 2004 as the school heard of more pupils arriving in year 7 due to the middle schools of the area being converted into primary schools.

</doc>
<doc id="2840034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840034" title="Nanopin film">
Nanopin film

Nanopin film is an experimental material in nanotechnology developed in 2005 with unusual superhydrophobic properties . A droplet of water makes contact with the surface of this film and forms an almost perfect sphere with a contact angle of 178°. The film is able to do this because it is covered with nanoscale topped off pins or cones perpendicular to the surface. The surface is regarded as a composite material with mostly air and a small fraction made up by the tops of the cones. When the contact angle of the cone material is sufficiently large Cassie's law predicts large contact angle values for the composite.
This particular nanopin film is produced with borosilicate glass as the primary substrate. A solution of CoCl2•6H2O or cobalt chloride hexahydrate is heated at 60 °C for 24 hours in a chemical bath deposition to form a brucite type cobalt(II) hydroxide layer with composition
The top coating is provided by lauric acid in a separate step. A 3 square micrometer surface now contains on average 166 such cones with cone height of around 100 nm and the cone diameter at the tip of 6.5 nm. The Cassie's law prediction for this material with the lauric acid surface area of 0.000612 and flat film contact angle of 75° is 177.8°.

</doc>
<doc id="2840042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840042" title="Vallis Planck">
Vallis Planck

Vallis Planck is a long, linear valley located on the far side of the Moon. It is oriented radially to the huge Schrödinger basin, and was most likely formed by that impact. The selenographic coordinates of this feature are , and it has a length of 451 km.
This cleft in the surface crosses the western part of the huge walled plain Planck, and it was named after that feature (which has an eponym of Max Planck). The southern edge closest to Schrödinger begins near the northeastern outer rampart of the crater Grotrian. It then continues to the north-northwest, where it suffers a disruption where it crosses the crater Fechner. The remainder of the feature continues to the northwestern outer rim of the walled plain Planck, until terminating near Pikel'ner K.

</doc>
<doc id="2840046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840046" title="Guntersville Dam">
Guntersville Dam

Guntersville Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Tennessee River in Marshall County, in the U.S. state of Alabama. It is one of nine dams on the river owned and operated by the Tennessee Valley Authority, which built the dam in the late 1930s as part of a New Deal era initiative to create a continuous navigation channel on the entire length of the river and bring flood control and economic development to the region. The dam impounds the Guntersville Lake of , and its tailwaters feed into Wheeler Lake. 
Guntersville Dam is named for the city of Guntersville, Alabama, which is located about upstream. The city is named for its first settler, John Gunter (d. 1836), who arrived in the late 18th century.
Location.
Guntersville Dam is located above the mouth of the Tennessee River, at a point where the southwestward-flowing river begins to change its course to a more northwestwardly direction. The dam's reservoir stretches for nearly to the base of Nickajack Dam, and includes parts of Marshall and Jackson counties in Alabama and Marion County in Tennessee. The reservoir's backwaters have formed embayments on the lower parts of Browns Creek and Spring Creek to the west and east of the city of Guntersville, respectively, effectively placing the city at the tip of a long peninsula.
Capacity.
Guntersville Dam is high and wide, and has a generating capacity of 140,400 kilowatts of electricity. The dam's 18-bay spillway has a total discharge capacity of . Its reservoir has a storage capacity of , with reserved for flood control. The reservoir is the most stable reservoir in the TVA system, fluctuating just per year. 
Guntersville Dam is serviced by a navigation lock. The lock can lift and lower vessels up to between Guntersville Lake and Wheeler Lake. The dam's original lock is now used as an auxiliary lock.
Background and construction.
In the early 1900s, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers investigated several possible dam sites in the Guntersville vicinity in hopes of flooding a significant stretch of the river upstream from the city, which had unreliable water levels and had long been an impediment to major navigation in the upper Tennessee Valley. The Corps recommended building a dam at a site approximately upstream from the present dam site in 1914, but never obtained the necessary funding from Congress. More extensive investigations in the 1920s identified several more sites, including the present dam site, which they called the Coles Bend Bar site. After the Tennessee Valley Authority was formed in 1933, the Authority assumed control of all navigation and flood control projects in the Tennessee Valley. In 1935, TVA followed up the Army Corps investigations, deeming a dam at Guntersville necessary to extend the navigation channel beyond Wheeler Lake, which at that time was under construction. Guntersville Dam was authorized November 27, 1935, and construction began a few days later on December 4.
The construction of Guntersville Dam and its reservoir required the purchase of of land, of which were forested and had to be cleared. 1,182 families, 14 cemeteries, and over of roads had to be relocated. A large dike was built to protect the city of Guntersville from reservoir backwaters, and substantial dredging was necessary to extend the navigable channel up to Hales Bar Dam (this dam has since been dismantled and replaced by Nickajack Dam, shortening Guntersville Lake). Widows Bar Dam, a small dam and lock approximately upstream from Guntersville Dam, was partially dismantled and submerged under the lake waters.
Guntersville Dam was completed on January 17, 1939, constructed at a cost of $51 million. The dam's lock was designed by the Army Corps of Engineers and went into operation on January 24, 1939. The dam's first generator went online August 8, 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="2840048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840048" title="Wheeler Dam">
Wheeler Dam

Wheeler Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Tennessee River between Lauderdale County and Lawrence County in the U.S. state of Alabama. It is one of nine dams on the river owned and operated by the Tennessee Valley Authority, which built the dam in the mid-1930s as part of a New Deal-era initiative to improve navigation on the river and bring flood control and economic development to the region. The dam impounds the Wheeler Lake of and its tailwaters feed into Wilson Lake. 
Wheeler Dam is named for Civil War general and U.S. Congressman Joseph "Joe" Wheeler, who once lived in the area. Congressman Wheeler was an early advocate of federal development of the Muscle Shoals area. 
Location.
Wheeler Dam is located above the mouth of the Tennessee River, a few miles downstream from the river's Elk River confluence. The dam is roughly southwest of Rogersville and about downstream from Decatur. The dam's reservoir stretches for along the river to the base of Guntersville Dam to the east. Wilson Dam and the city of Muscle Shoals are located just downstream of Wheeler Dam. Alabama State Route 101 (Wheeler Dam Highway) crosses the top of the dam. 
Capacity.
At high, Wheeler is the shortest of TVA's Tennessee River dams. The dam is long at its crest, and has an electrical generating capacity of 411,800 kilowatts. The dam's spillway is equipped with 60 tainter gates with a combined discharge of . The dam's reservoir has of shoreline and of water surface, and has a flood-storage capacity of . 
Wheeler Dam has two locks for river traffic, the main lock being and an auxiliary lock measuring . The locks raise and lower vessels up to between Wheeler and Wilson lakes.
Background and construction.
The stretch of the Tennessee River between Decatur and Florence drops over in elevation, creating what was once a series of rapids known as the Muscle Shoals and the Elk River Shoals. Along with the Tennessee River Gorge to the east, these shoals had long been an impediment to river navigation, effectively isolating the upper Tennessee Valley from the nation's major inland waterways. Canal work in the 19th century had improved navigation through the shoals, but were insufficient for major river traffic. In 1898, Congressman Joe Wheeler introduced legislation in Congress that obtained federal funding for navigation improvements. The construction of Wilson Dam in the 1920s and various other improvements helped create a channel over the shoals, but even then navigation was only possible during times of high water flow. The Corps of Engineers had planned to build a dam at the Wheeler site in the early 1930s, and had gained authorization for the dam's lock, although the project was assumed by the Tennessee Valley Authority shortly after the Authority's creation in 1933. Construction work on Wheeler Dam began on November 21, 1933, the second major dam construction project (after Norris) attempted by TVA.
The construction of Wheeler Dam required the purchase of of land, of which had to be cleared. 840 families, 176 graves, and of roads had to be relocated. Work began as soon as possible as an unemployment relief measure, and at peak activity the project employed 4,700 workers. As TVA lacked dam construction experience, the Authority relied heavily on the Army Corps of Engineers and the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation for the dam's design. The Army Corps also designed and built the dam's locks.
Wheeler Dam was completed on November 9, 1936, constructed at a cost of $87,655,000. Dredge work continued until the following year to extend the navigation channel to Guntersville Dam, which at the time was under construction.

</doc>
<doc id="2840055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840055" title="Peterborough Collegiate">
Peterborough Collegiate

PACE at Peterborough Collegiate, formerly Peterborough Collegiate Vocational School, is a public secondary school located in Peterborough, Ontario, Canada and is a member of the Kawartha Pine Ridge District School Board. It is one of the oldest public schools in the country and was the only high school in the city of Peterborough until 1952. Regular student programing ended at Peterborough Collegiate Vocational School in June 2012. The building was renamed Peterborough Collegiate and in August 2012 opened as a re-purposed facility offering alternative and continuing education. 
Peterborough Collegiate was founded in 1827 as the Peterborough Government School on the former property of Central Public School. Since then it has been moved to different locations throughout the central part of the city with various names and types of programming. It reached is peak enrollment in 1959 with 1402 students and used additional buildings to accommodate the students of the baby boom. At the turn of the twenty-first century, the trend of declining enrollment had reduced the school student population to 800 students with approximately one third in the Integrated Arts and English Language Learners programs.
History.
Peterborough Collegiate and Vocational School (PCVS) is one of the oldest schools in Ontario.
Peterborough Government School.
Reverend Samuel Armour opened the first school in Peterborough on May 1, 1826. The school, originally known as the Peterborough Government School was first located in the back playground of present day Central Public School on Murray Street in Peterborough. It functioned as a public elementary school and the early Victorian equivalent to a public high school. As the population of Peterborough increased, public school students moved into smaller schools while the Grammar School high school students stayed in the original school building.
The Union School.
By 1854 the school trustees had leased an old church, on the corner of Hunter and Sheridan Streets, to hold the school but the student population soon grew too large. In 1855 plans to build a new school had begun. The new building was completed in 1859 and was intended to be used by both common and grammar school students. It was located where the present day Central School is built. The new school was known as the Union School. By 1868 the principal of the school asked that girls be allowed to attend grammar school. A new building was constructed west of the Union School to allow for the increased student population.
Peterborough Collegiate Institute.
House System.
PCI implemented the four house system to encourage school spirit and foster a positive school environment. The four houses were Keswick, Caernarvon, Warwick and Wiggin, each represented by a colour: Blue, Yellow, Red and Green respectively. Each house had one male and one female house leader, who represented their membership on the Student Activity Council. They organized events such as dress-up days, bulletin board displays, and lunch events where participants could earn house points. At the annual Christmas (Winter) Assembly, the houses performed a skit for a competition judged by a selection of faculty members, preceding the Teacher Skit. The House Award honoured the house with the most points at the end of the school year. The house system continued until the school was re-purposed in 2012.
Peterborough Collegiate Vocational School.
In 1927 a vocational school was added to the PCI and became Peterborough Collegiate and Vocational Institute (PCVS). This new section included the Upper Gym, Cafeteria and Library. At the turn of the century, the school enrolled about 800 students with 200 as part of the Integrated Arts program. A tradition of extracurricular athletics included basketball, volleyball, rowing, field hockey, tennis, badminton and track teams. The PCVS Ladies Choir was ranked in the Top Ten choirs in Canada. In 1995, PCVS was listed by MacLean's magazine as one of the top five high schools in Canada in the category of Student Leadership. PCVS was also the first school in Peterborough to establish a gay–straight alliance, which was featured provincially in Professionally Speaking magazine. In 2008 the school celebrated the 100th anniversary of the school building on May 17 by hosting a Gala/Reunion with entertainment talent featuring PCVS alumni including Sean Cullen, Lawrence Cherney, Rick Fines and Graham Rowat among others.
Principal's Portraits.
There was a tradition at PCVS that the Principals would have their photographs taken at the end of their tenure. The photographs were framed and mounted above the balcony doors of the auditorium on the foyer's second floor to maintain the leadership's history of the school. The first portrait features H.R.H. Kenner and the last portrait, mounted in 2012, features Denise Severin, the last Principal of PCVS. Caroline McNamara, appointed interim principal after the sudden death of Rick Essex, was not included in this tradition.
Student Council Art Purchases.
Beginning in the 1940s, the Student Councils of Peterborough Collegiate and Vocational School, with the encouragement of their art teacher Zoltan Temesy, bought original Canadian art works for the enjoyment of students at their school. These works are currently on extended loan to The Art Gallery of Peterborough. Artists include: Andre Bieler, A.J. Casson, Lawren Harris, Arthur Lismer, Manley MacDonald and Henri Masson. Reproductions of these paintings now hang throughout the school.
English Language Learners Program.
The English as a Second Language (ESL) program started in the 1980s. These students were new immigrants to Canada who settled in Peterborough, International Students, whose parents or national governments paid tuition for their children to learn English in Canadian schools, and exchange students from International community groups, such as Rotary International. 
The program catered to four levels of English proficiency, with additional support for student success on the Ontario Secondary School Literacy Test conducted by the Education Quality and Accountability Office. Community supports for students and families were also made available for study visas, residency applications, and cultural integration.
In 2009, the program was renamed as the English Languages Learners (ELL) program, as part of a Ministry of Education directive, to acknowledge that many students who were in the program speak multiple languages of which English is only one. The ELL program was moved in September 2012 to Thomas A. Stewart Secondary School.
Integrated Arts Program.
In 1990, the Integrated Arts program was established, offering students from Peterborough County the opportunity to take specialized programs in drama, music, visual art, and dance. Prospective grade 8 students submitted a portfolio, auditioned and were interviewed for spots in the program. The Grade 9 program offered general and comprehensive art courses with a common English and Physical Education with an Arts focused curriculum. The entire Grade 9 Integrated Arts population presented two showcase productions each year in January and May.
In Grade 11, a three-credit Musical Theatre class is offered for Drama, Vocal, and Theatre Production credits with selection based on auditions. In the past, The Wiz, Grease, The Sound of Music, among many other plays, have been performed for the Elementary students, current students, and the wider community. In Grade 12, a similar three-credit drama course is offered for English, Drama, and Drama in the Community credits. This class traveled around the city performing a thematic series of skits to Elementary schools and local community groups.
In 2012, the PCVS Integrated Arts Programme was renamed the Peterborough Regional Integrated Arts Programme and was moved to Thomas A. Stewart Secondary School.
Spread the Net Student Challenge.
In December 2011, PCVS students and faculty established the "PCVS Saves Lives" campaign to enter the "Spread the Net Student Challenge". Fundraising efforts in the school and local community group donations raised $52,631.32 exceeding the school goal of $8,000. In March 2012, it was announced that PCVS won the challenge in the high school team division and raised 20% of all the money collected in the 2012 Student Challenge. Rick Mercer visited the school with his crew and taped footage for a seven-minute feature on the "Rick Mercer Report". On April 4, 2012, PCVS was nationally recognized as the winner and was the inspiration for his "Rant" in the same episode.
School Closure Debate.
In 1970 the Peterborough County Board of Education proposed converting PCVS to intermediate school with strong reactions led an opposition slate in school board elections. The following year, a new plan retained PCVS as high school.
In 1983 it was announced that PCVS and three other schools would be studied for possible closure, sparking widespread opposition and the formation of the Save PCVS Parents’ and Ratepayers’ Association. In 1984, the school board votes to keep PCVS open.
In 1987 the school board considered leasing PCVS to the local Catholic school board. The Save PCVS association successfully campaigned and instead of leasing PCVS, public board gives Catholic board unused land to be sold so Catholic board can use the money to build a new school.
In 2010 the Kawartha Pine Ridge District School Board named PCVS as one of four high schools being examined in an Accommodation Review Process (ARC), triggered by declining student enrollment. On September 29, 2011, the school board voted to consolidate the student population into three other Peterborough high schools and re-purpose the school for alternative programming. "Peterborough Needs PCVS", chaired by formal Principal Shirl Delarue, launched a judicial review of the ARC process after the Ministry of Education accepted the Independent Facilitator Report, which found no major errors were made in the board's review. Throughout this period student and community opposition to the decision was organized through social media, which was publicly displayed with delegations inside and protests outside board meetings, student walk-outs and sit-ins, demonstrations, and civil disobedience, a protest at Queen's Park (Toronto), and a lawn sign campaign. A unanimous decision by the Ontario Superior Court of Justice Divisional Court dismissed the court challenge in its entirety on 18 June 2012 with a written decision released 9 October 2012. Regular student programing ended at PCVS in June 2012.
Peterborough Collegiate.
In August 2012, PCVS was renamed Peterborough Collegiate and became the new location for the Peterborough Alternative and Continuing Education (PACE). The re-purposed facility houses the Literacy and Basic Skills (LBS) program, Prior Learning Assessment and Recognition (PLAR), Independent Learning Program (including correspondence and e-Learning), Dual Credit Program, the School for Young Moms (SYM), and the registration office for International Languages Continuing Education courses.
Alternative and Continuing Education Programming.
The LBS program is an employment skills program to help students prepare for employment, earn their Ontario Secondary School Diploma, or apprenticeship. Students 19 years or older must require literacy and numeracy skills to meet everyday needs and find and maintain employment. In addition, there is a focus on computer skill development and preparation for General Educational Development.
Students over 18, who have been off of a day-school register for 10 consecutive months, are PLAR eligible. The program requires students to have 30 credits (based on current OSSD requirements), Literacy Test or Ontario Literacy Course, 40 hours community service to graduate.
There is a Junior PLAR based on four assessments in English, math, science, geography/history where students can earn a maximum of 16 credits authorized by the Principal. A Senior PLAR available for a maximum of 10 additional credits, based on an application of prior learning that has occurred outside of the classroom setting.
Dual credits began in Ontario in 2005 and give selected secondary school students the opportunity to experience a college environment. Students take a college credit taught by a college faculty member and must meet the requirements to pass. If successful, students earn an elective credit at secondary school and are issued a college credit on a college transcript. The course will be recognized at college if they choose to attend a program for which the course is a requirement. Dual credits are available in a variety of apprenticeship and trade related areas.
The School for Young Moms enables pregnant teens and mothers under the age of 21 to continue their high school education, develop their parenting skills, address their emotional, social, and physical needs, and receive onsite care for their infants. This is achieved with the assistance of professional staff and volunteers from a variety of community organizations, with Monday to Friday attendance expectations.
International Languages are offered to develop awareness for students of the spoken, written, and cultural aspects of several languages. These programs may connect the learners to their cultural roots or nurture an interest and skill base for learning languages in general.
Some high school students will use credit courses in International Languages to help them graduate or to facilitate their entrance into specialized programs at the post-secondary level. Currently Italian, Korean, Mandarin, Polish, and Spanish are being offered at various levels at various campuses throughout the board.
Campus.
The building is an example of restrained Richardsonian Romanesque architecture. The limestone used in the building was provided by the Longford quarries. Peterborough Collegiate consists of many regular classrooms as well as specialized rooms for certain classes. PCVS has four computer labs as well as a Resource Centre, a library, two gyms, a music room, two drama rooms and enough space for the sewing machines, video editing suites, art rooms and other special equipment for the various classes. PCVS is centrally located in the heart of downtown Peterborough across from City Hall, with easy access by public transportation. The school is used by numerous community groups after hours and on weekends. The current school building was erected in 1908 and is historically significant to the community and was recently upgraded with emphasis on maintaining its architectural beauty. The walls of PCVS bear plaques that honour students who served and died in both World Wars and they are honoured every November 11 by current students through special ceremonies and performances attended by living war veterans. The school does not have a sports field on site and uses Nicholl's Oval, a park owned and maintained by the City of Peterborough as well as the Pagans Rugby Club.

</doc>
<doc id="2840068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840068" title="Fluorosulfuric acid">
Fluorosulfuric acid

Fluorosulfuric acid (IUPAC name: sulfurofluoridic acid) is the inorganic compound with the formula HSO3F. It is a superacid and one of the strongest acids commercially available. The formula HSO3F emphasizes its relationship to sulfuric acid, H2SO4; HSO3F is a tetrahedral molecule.
Chemical properties.
Fluorosulfuric acid is a free-flowing colorless liquid. It is soluble in polar organic solvents (e.g. nitrobenzene, acetic acid, and ethyl acetate), but poorly soluble in nonpolar solvents such as alkanes. Reflecting its strong acidity, it dissolves almost all organic compounds that are even weak proton acceptors. HSO3F hydrolyzes slowly to HF and sulfuric acid. The related triflic acid (CF3SO3H) retains the high acidity of HSO3F but is more hydrolytically stable. 
The self-ionization of fluorosulfonic acid also occurs:
Production.
Fluorosulfuric acid is prepared by the reaction of HF and sulfur trioxide:
Alternatively, KHF2 or CaF2 can be treated with oleum at 250 °C. Once freed from HF by sweeping with an inert gas, HSO3F can be distilled in a glass apparatus.
Super-acids.
HSO3F is one of the strongest known simple Brønsted acids, although recent work on carborane-based acids have led to still stronger acids. It has an "H"0 value of −15.1 compared to −12 for sulfuric acid. The combination of HSO3F and the Lewis acid antimony pentafluoride produces "Magic acid," which is a far stronger protonating agent. These acids all fall into the category of "superacids", acids stronger than 100% sulfuric acid.
Applications.
HSO3F is useful for regenerating mixtures of HF and H2SO4 for etching lead glass.
HSO3F isomerizes alkanes and the alkylation of hydrocarbons with alkenes, although it is unclear if such applications are of commercial importance. It can also be used as a laboratory fluorinating agent.
Safety.
Fluorosulfuric acid is considered to be highly toxic and corrosive. It hydrolyzes to release HF. Addition of water to HSO3F can be violent, similar to the addition of water to sulfuric acid but it is a much more violent process than the addition of water to sulfuric acid.

</doc>
<doc id="2840075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840075" title="Hinckley and Bosworth local elections">
Hinckley and Bosworth local elections

Hinckley and Bosworth Council is elected every four years.
Political control.
No overall control 1973 - 1976
Conservative 1976 - 1995
No overall control 1995 - 2003
Conservative 2003 - 2007
Liberal Democrat 2007–present

</doc>
<doc id="2840080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840080" title="Schempp-Hirth Nimbus-2">
Schempp-Hirth Nimbus-2

The Schempp-Hirth Nimbus-2 is an Open Class glider built by Schempp-Hirth during the 1970s. The Nimbus-2 first flew in April 1971 and a total of over 240 examples of all subtypes have been built until the beginning of the 1980s. 
Design and development.
Loosely based on the original Nimbus HS-3 prototype, the production version that eventually surfaced as the Nimbus-2 was a very different glider with many improvements over the problematic prototype. The wing was shortened to 20.3 metres and was built in four sections to make it easier to rig and transport. It received Schempp-Hirth air brakes fitted in the upper surfaces and a tail braking-parachute, plus camber-changing flaps. It had an all-flying T-tail similar to the Standard Cirrus as well as the general layout of its fuselage.
The Nimbus-2 was successful in competitions, twice winning the Open Class in World Gliding Championships: Göran Ax (Sweden) in 1972 and George Moffat (USA) in 1974. It was also popular with record-seekers. Bruce Lindsey Drake, David Napier Speight and Sholto Hamilton "Dick" Georgeson jointly set a World Goal and Free Distance record of 1,254 km in New Zealand in 1978, Doris Grove a feminine Out and Return record of 1,127 km in 1981, Yvonne Loader a feminine Height Gain record of 10212 m in 1988, and Joan Shaw a feminine Distance record of 951.43 km in 1990, all flying Nimbus-2. At its time several national and world records were held by Nimbus-2M's in the FAI motorglider category. In 1979 Klaus Holighaus, the glider's designer, completed the first 1,000 km triangle in Germany flying a Nimbus-2.
The Nimbus-2 was succeeded by the Schempp-Hirth Nimbus-3.

</doc>
<doc id="2840081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840081" title="Big Ben (comics)">
Big Ben (comics)

Big Ben is a comic book character who first appeared during Alan Moore's run on "Marvelman" in "Warrior" and then went on to star in an eponymous series in the same title, written by the character's creator Dez Skinn.
Overview.
Big Ben first appeared in 1983 in "Warrior" when Skinn asked Alan Moore to introduce him as a supporting character in "Marvelman", to segue into reprinting the original Ian Gibson drawn material (which later appeared in the 1984 "Warrior Summer Special") and then in his own strip (drawn by Will Simpson and David Hine).
Because of their frustration over the success of the revamped Marvelman, Marvel Comics attempted to acquire rights in the name by launching a UK comic starring Ben Grimm, also titled "Big Ben".
Big Ben ("The Man With No Time For Crime!") was revamped by Moore as a failed result of the same project that produced Marvelman. No longer a lithe superspy, he was portrayed as an almost neanderthal fool, much to Skinn's dismay. He had great strength, durability and could fly, but was prone to constant hallucinations, and was described as a psychotic. After Marvelman's utopian society is built, Ben, who is considered a "demi-god" in Marvelman's pantheon, is subjected to virtual reality simulations similar to those used by Project Zarathustra to ease him from his delusions into reality. After awaking he renames himself "British Bulldog" and wears a less "drab" costume resembling the classical depictions of Hercules, taking his place as the Hercules to Marvelman's Zeus. But in his subsequent solo strip he reverted to the original superspy version of John Steed from The Avengers, complete with a bowler hat, a carnation and at all times carrying an umbrella as part of his armament. One later episode also spoofed "The Prisoner" with a Patrick McGoohan -like Welsh character named Dai the Death.
In his own comic series, to resolve the physically differing Moore version, he is revealed to be an alien shapeshifter, one of a race of being who featured in the tie-in Skinn and Grant Morrison written "Warrior" strip, "The Liberators".

</doc>
<doc id="2840086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840086" title="Ted Ouimet">
Ted Ouimet

Edward John "Teddy" Ouimet (born July 6, 1947) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played in one National Hockey League game for the St. Louis Blues during the 1968–69 NHL season.
Ouimet was a fine junior and minor pro player during a career that lasted over a decade.
Born in the Quebec mining town of Rouyn-Noranda, Ouimet played three years with the Montreal Junior Canadiens, where he led the Ontario Hockey League in shutouts (3) and GAA (2,75) before joining the London Nationals in 1967-68. In June, 1968 he was traded to the St. Louis Blues in a cash deal by the Montreal Canadiens, who had a surplus of talented netminders in their system at the time.
Ouimet played one game for the Blues during his rookie season in the pros but spent most of his time with Kansas City of the Central Hockey League (1963–1984). He continued to toil in the minors until 1975 and also played one game for the New England Whalers of the World Hockey Association. Before retiring after the 1974-75 season, Ouimet's best year was in 1973-74 when he recorded a 2.97 goals against average for the Syracuse Blazers and was named to the North American league First All-Star Team.
Ted has three sons: Terry Ouimet, Mark Ouimet and Jesse Ouimet.

</doc>
<doc id="2840088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840088" title="The Secret of Mirror Bay">
The Secret of Mirror Bay

The Secret of Mirror Bay is the forty-ninth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series, published in 1972 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene.
Plot.
Aunt Eloise invites Nancy and her friends to a cabin at Mirror Bay, in Cooperstown, New York to solve a case of a mysterious woman seen gliding across the water. Nancy is then involved in a vacation hoax because she resembles a woman involved in the hoax. A strange green sorcerer who appears in the woods and a lost treasure involving the gliding woman lead Nancy and her friends to uncover a concealed operation in the woods. 

</doc>
<doc id="2840095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840095" title="Legislature of the European Union">
Legislature of the European Union

The legislature of the European Union is principally composed of the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union. These two institutions together are formally called the Union legislator. Competencies in scrutinising and amending legislation are usually divided equally between the two, while the power to initiate laws is held by the European Commission. National parliaments also have a minor delaying power.
Normally legislative proposals require approval by both the Parliament and the Council to become law. The relative power of a particular institution in the legislative process depends on the legislative procedure used, which in turn depends on the policy area to which the proposed legislation is concerned. In most areas, they participate equally in the making of EU law; in some the system is dominated by the Council. Which areas are subject to which procedure is laid down in the treaties of the European Union.
The power to amend the Treaties of the European Union, sometimes referred to as the Union's primary law, or even as its "de facto" constitution, is reserved to the member states and must be ratified by them in accordance with their respective constitutional requirements. An exception to this are so-called passerelle clauses in which the legislative procedure used for a certain policy area can be changed without formally amending the treaties.
Principal actors.
Parliament.
The European Parliament's 751 members are directly elected every five years by universal suffrage. It organises itself as a normal multi-party parliament in conducting most of its work in its committees and sitting in political groupings rather than national delegations. However, its political groups are very weak due to their status as broad ideological groups of existing national parties.
The Parliament's powers have grown considerably since the 1950s as new legislative procedures granted more equality between Parliament and Council. It also has gained greater powers over the appointment of the Commission, which has always been responsible to it (Parliament has the power of censure).
Council.
The Council of the EU represents the national governments of member states, and hence its composition is essentially the number of member states (28) though votes are weighted according to the population of each state (see procedures below for clarification). As such, it does not sit according to political groups and rather than conducting most of its work in committees, much of its work is prepared by diplomatic representatives (COREPER).
Commission.
The Commission has a virtual monopoly on the introduction of legislation into the legislative process, a power which gives the Commission considerable influence as an agenda setter for the EU as a whole. And while the Commission frequently introduces legislation at the behest of the Council or upon the suggestion of Parliament, what form any legislative proposals introduced take is up to the Commission.
Under the ordinary legislative procedure (see below), the negative opinion from the Commission also forces the Council to vote by unanimity rather than majority. There are also limited instances where the Commission can adopt legislation on its own initiative (See below).
Secondary actors.
National parliaments.
The national parliaments of EU member states have an "early warning mechanism" whereby if one third raise an objection – a "yellow card" – on the basis that the "principle of subsidiarity" has been violated then the proposal must be reviewed. If a majority do so – an "orange card" – then the Council or Parliament can vote it down immediately. If the logistical problems of putting this into practice are overcome, then the power of the national parliaments could be decried as an extra legislature, without a common debate or physical location: dubbed by EU Observer a "virtual third chamber".
Ordinary legislative procedure (COD).
The ordinary legislative procedure is the main legislative procedure by which directives and regulations are adopted. It was formerly known as the "codecision procedure," and is sometimes referred to as the "community method" as a contrast to the "intergovernmental methods" which can variously refer to the consultation procedure or to the open method of co-ordination.
Article 294 TFEU outlines ordinary legislative procedure in the following manner. The Commission submits a legislative proposal to the Parliament and Council. At the first reading Parliament adopts its position. If the Council approves the Parliament's wording then the act is adopted. If not, it shall adopt its own position and pass it back to Parliament with explanations. The Commission also informs Parliament of its position on the matter. At the second reading, the act is adopted if Parliament approves the Council's text or fails to take a decision. The Parliament may reject the Council's text, leading to a failure of the law, or modify it and pass it back to the Council. The Commission gives its opinion once more. Where the Commission has rejected amendments in its opinion, the Council must act unanimously rather than by majority.
If, within three months of receiving Parliament's new text the Council approves it, then it is adopted. If it does not then the Council President, with the agreement of the Parliament President, convenes the "Conciliation Committee" composed of the Council and an equal number of MEPs (with the attendance as moderator of the Commission). The committee draws up a joint text on the basis of the two positions. If within six weeks it fails to agree a common text, then the act has failed. If it succeeds and the committee approves the text, then the Council and Parliament (acting by majority) must then approve said text (third reading). If either fails to do so, the act is not adopted.
The procedure was introduced with the Maastricht Treaty as the codecision procedure and was initially intended to replace the Cooperation procedure (see below). The codecision procedure was amended by the Treaty of Amsterdam and the number of legal bases where the procedure applies was greatly increased by both the latter treaty and the Treaty of Nice. It was renamed the ordinary legislative procedure and extended to nearly all areas such as agriculture, fisheries, transport, structural funds, the entire budget and the former third pillar by the Treaty of Lisbon.
Special legislative procedures.
The treaties have provision for special legislative procedures to be used in sensitive areas. These see the Council adopt alone with just the involvement of the other. Notable procedures are the consultation and consent procedures, though various others are used for specific cases.
Consultation procedure (CNS).
Under this procedure the Council, acting either unanimously or by a qualified majority depending on the policy area concerned, can adopt legislation based on a proposal by the European Commission after consulting the European Parliament. While being required to consult Parliament on legislative proposals, the Council is not bound by Parliament's position. In practice the Council would frequently ignore whatever Parliament might suggest and even sometimes reach an agreement before receiving Parliament's opinion. However the European Court of Justice has ruled that the Council must wait for Parliament's opinion and the Court has struck down legislation that the Council adopted before Parliament gave its opinion. Acting upon this Parliament occasionally filibusters legislation that it dislikes by delaying giving a formal opinion to obtain some leverage against proposals it dislikes, thus stalling the legislative process. Parliament's right to be consulted can also be used by lobbyists as an indirect channel of access to the European Commission.
Before the Single European Act the Consultation procedure was the most widely used legislative procedure in the then European Community. Consultation is still used for legislation concerning internal market exemptions and competition law. The procedure is also used in relation to the Union's advisory bodies such as the Committee of the Regions and the Economic and Social Committee that are required to be consulted under a range of areas under the treaties affecting their area of expertise. Such a procedure takes place in addition to consultation with the European Parliament or the other legislative procedures.
Consent procedure (APP).
In the consent procedure (formerly assent procedure), the Council can adopt legislation based on a proposal by the European Commission after obtaining the consent of Parliament. Thus Parliament has the legal power to accept or reject any proposal but no legal mechanism exists for proposing amendments. Parliament has however provided for conciliation committee and a procedure for giving interim reports where it can address its concerns to the Council and threaten to withhold its consent unless its concerns are met. This applies to admission of members, methods of withdrawal, subsidiary general legal basis provision and combating discrimination.
Commission and Council acting alone.
Under this procedure the Council can adopt laws proposed by the Commission without requiring the opinion of Parliament. The procedure is used when setting the common external tariff (Article 31 (ex Article 26)) and for negotiating trade agreements under the Common Commercial Policy (Article 207(3)).
Commission acting alone.
In a few limited areas, the Commission has the authority to adopt regulatory or technical legislation without consulting or obtaining the consent of other bodies. The Commission can adopt legislation on its own initiative concerning monopolies and concessions granted to companies by Member States (Article 106(3) TFEU) and concerning the right of workers to remain in a Member State after having been employed there (Article 45(3)(d) TFEU). Two directives have been adopted using this procedure: one on transparency between member states and companies and another on competition in the telecommunications sector.
Treaty revisions.
The 2009 Lisbon Treaty created two different ways for further amendments of the European Union treaties: an ordinary revision procedure which is broadly similar to the past revision process in that it involves convening an intergovernmental conference, and a simplified revision procedure whereby Part three of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, which deals with internal policy and action of the Union, could be amended by a unanimous decision of the European Council, provided there is no change to the field of competence of the EU, and subject to ratification by all member states in the usual manner.
The Treaty also provides for the Passerelle Clause which allows the European Council to unanimously decide to replace unanimous voting in the Council of Ministers with qualified majority voting (QMV) in specified areas with the previous consent of the European Parliament, and move from a special legislative procedure to the ordinary legislative procedure.
The Passerelle Clause.
The Passerelle Clause allows for the changing of voting procedures without amending the EU treaties. Under this clause the European Council can, after receiving the consent of the European Parliament, vote unanimously to:
A decision of the European Council to use either of these provisions can come into effect only if, six months after all national parliaments had been given notice of the decision, none objects.
Legal acts.
Legal acts resulting from these procedures can come in a number of forms. A regulation is a law that has direct effect; for example the roaming charges regulation which immediately set price limits on mobile phone calls made in another EU state. A directive needs to be transposed, within certain limits, into national law; for example the copyright duration directive which was transposed in Greece as "Law No. 2557/1997" and Ireland as "European Communities (Term of Protection of Copyright) Regulations, 1995". A decision has direct effect, but only relating to a specific person or entity, and there are also various other non-binding instruments.

</doc>
<doc id="2840096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840096" title="Vancouver, Washington (Amtrak station)">
Vancouver, Washington (Amtrak station)

The Vancouver, Washington Amtrak Station is a train station in Vancouver, Washington, United States. The station is served by Amtrak's (the National Railroad Passenger Corporation) Amtrak "Cascades", "Coast Starlight", and "Empire Builder". 
It is a unique, two-sided station situated in a "wye", where passengers board the "Empire Builder" on the southeast side of the station while the Amtrak "Cascades" and "Coast Starlight" are boarded on the northwest side of the station. The station building is now open after extensive interior renovations.
Of the eighteen Washington stations served by Amtrak, Vancouver was the third busiest in FY11.
Service.
Although the Amtrak "Cascades" runs between Eugene, Oregon and Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, there is no train that starts at one terminus and ends at the other. However, each day eight Amtrak "Cascades" trains (four northbound and four southbound) stop at the Vancouver, Washington Station. The "Coast Starlight" and "Empire Builder" have simpler, less frequent schedules. The "Coast Starlight"runs daily in each direction between Los Angeles, California and Seattle. The "Empire Builder"runs daily in each direction between Chicago, Illinois and Portland, Oregon. After having split in Spokane, part of the "Empire Builder" train continues on to Seattle--this part does not pass through or stop at the Vancouver, Washington Station. (The next northbound stop on both the Amtrak "Cascades" and the "Coast Starlight" is in Kelso and the next southbound stop is in Portland, Oregon. The next westbound stop on the "Empire Builder" is also in Portland and next eastbound stop is in Bingen.)
Railfanning.
The Amtrak depot is a popular area for railfans to congregate and is a busy railroad junction in the Pacific Northwest. The depot sits within the wye between the BNSF Fallbridge and Seattle subdivisions and is within sight of the southern part of the Vancouver yard. There is free parking around the depot and it is rare that there isn't at least one railfan hanging around taking photographs or just watching trains. In addition to the Amtrak passenger trains, there are also many freight trains operated by BNSF Railway, Union Pacific Railroad and Portland & Western Railroad. BNSF and Union Pacific trains often include locomotives from other railroads of the United States, Canada, and Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="2840098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840098" title="Škoda 120">
Škoda 120

The Škoda 105/120/125 were three variations of a rear-engined, rear-wheel drive compact car that was produced by Czechoslovakian car manufacturer AZNP in Mladá Boleslav between 1976 and 1990; engine sizes were 1.05 and 1.2 liters respectively. The range was face lifted in 1984 with a revised front design and engine improvements, together with the introduction of a new 1.3 litre version known as the Škoda 130/135/136. 
All 105/120/125 and 130 models known by their Škoda internal reference as Type 742, and the later 135 and 136 models as Type 746. In the UK the 105/120 models were known as the Super Estelle until 1984 when the face lifted models were called Estelle Two.
Initial design.
In the early 1970s, Škoda had originally intended to produce their successor to the S100/110 as a front-engined front-wheel drive model. However, because of the lack of funding (Škoda had even applied for license in Moscow to produce their new car with a front-engine and front-wheel drive), Škoda was refused a licence and was forced to update the earlier S100/110 saloon models. The main reason Škoda was not granted a licence to produce their new car was because it would have turned out to be a thoroughly more modern car than any other car from the Soviet Union, something which the Russians wouldn’t have been too happy about. At that time, most cars from the Soviet Union had either a front engine driving the rear wheels or a rear engine driving the rear wheels. There was even a front-engined front-wheel drive Škoda 105/120 prototype, which looked almost identical to the rear-engined one. Because imports were banned, Škoda would not have had the proper resources or technology to produce a front-engined car with front-wheel drive.
Introduction.
The choice of engines for the Škoda 105/120 was either a 1046 cc unit for the 105 models or a 1174 cc unit for the 120 models. The 105S and 105L produced , the 120L produced , and the 120LS and 120GLS produced .
The 1976 model range compromised:
Škoda 105 S (Standard)
Škoda 105 L (Luxe)
Škoda 120 L (Luxe)
Škoda 120 LE (Luxe Economic)
Škoda 120 LS (Luxe Sport)
Škoda 120 GLS (Grand Luxe Sport)
Initial criticism.
The cars were initially criticised for unpredictable handling "at the limit" but it is unlikely that most motorists would notice anything untoward under normal conditions. The cars continued to win their class with monotonous regularity on international rallies, and were increasingly popular with budget-conscious motorists across Europe. The location of the radiator at the front of the car had the advantage of cooling the engine much more efficiently on the motorway. However, because it was much more complex than in the earlier models, the cooling system was very prone to airlocks, which often led to overheating and even head gasket failure.
Success.
Rugged and robust vehicles, they were designed for the primitive roads of Soviet-dominated Central and Eastern Europe, where the best traction layout of a two wheel drive car is a significant benefit. They were once common sight in Czech Republic, Slovakia, Hungary and Poland.
Even enthusiasts for the marque would agree that quality control could sometimes have been improved in this era. It was these cars that inspired the famous Škoda jokes, but re-evaluation of the models with the benefit of many years hindsight means that the cars are much more highly regarded today.
Improvements.
The existing lineup was joined with the Škoda 120 standard model in April 1978. This model was, from the mechanical point of view, identical to the 120 L but had the same basic equipment level as in the 105 S plus reclining front seats.
In March 1981, the 105 GL was added to the lineup. It was mechanically identical to the existing 105 S and 105 L models only it featured the equipment specification of the 120 GLS model. Both the 105 GL and the 120 GLS were given black bumpers and horizontal taillights.
In 1982, the range was supplemented by an attractive Škoda Garde, which was equipped with the 1174 cc, engine from the 120 LS and 120 GLS Saloon models. This had much improved semi-trailing arm rear suspension, and paved the way for the 130-136 models of the late 1980s.
Around this time, the 105 SP was introduced. It was essentially a commercial version of the 105 S, having no rear seats and no glass just solid metal in the rear doors. It was only available in Czechoslovakia where it proved popular with delivery and businessmen.
In November 1982, the 120 LE was added to the range. It was essentially a 120 L with a modified top gear ratio to improve fuel economy (hence 'E' for Economic). 
The Škoda 130 models followed in 1984 and introduced many improvements into the existing 105/120 range. The very first Škoda 130 models were introduced in August 1984, shortly after the earlier Škoda 105/120 models were given a mild revamp. Developed from the earlier Škoda 105/120 models (some of which continued the Škoda 130 models in production, like the 105S, 105L, 120L, 120GL, 120LS, 120LX and 120GLS), the 130 series used a new 1289 cc engine (which produced , and which was just an enlarged version of the 1174 cc engine used in the 120 series); this 1289 cc engine also saw use in the car's successor, the Škoda Favorit.
In addition, the rear suspension was now redesigned to a semi-trailing arm layout, and the track of the car was widened to 55 inches (1395 mm). 5 speed gearboxes and "four pot" front brake disc calipers were other updates. The new models countered the earlier criticism that had been made in some quarters of tail-happy handling, with the prominent UK motoring magazine "Autocar and Motor" remarking in 1988 that the new 136 Rapid model ""handles like a Porsche 911"".
In 1987, with the introduction of the new Škoda Favorit, most of the Škoda 105/120 series was discontinued, with the exception of just the 105 L, 105 SP and 120 L. When the 125 L (which was a 120 L with a 5-speed gearbox) was added in 1988, the 105 SP was discontinued, followed by the 105 L in 1989. Apart from the 135/136 series, the only other rear-engined models that remained were now the 120 L and 125 L.
The end of an era.
After a production run of fourteen years, which included a total of 1,961,295 cars (counting just the Škoda 105/120/125 series cars alone), production of the very last rear-engined Škodas was finally brought to an end in 1990.
On October 5, 2004, a survey conducted by AUTOSALON revealed that among the 3,706,012 cars registered in the Czech Republic, 1,780,124 were Škodas. At 305,726 cars, the Škoda 120 was the largest model represented, while there were 216,857 Škoda 105 cars, which made that model the fourth most common Škoda car.
Market differences.
Britain.
In the UK, the Škoda 105/120 range was sold under the name Škoda Estelle, where it proved popular with 120,105 cars finding homes between 1977 and 1990. In 1987 alone (which was three years short of the end of the cars' production run), UK Škoda dealers managed to sell 17,000 rear-engined Škodas including the Rapid Coupè despite the cars negative image, individual handling and outdated technology and serious problems with the head gasket condition. Its main selling points were its spacious interior, dependability, ease of maintenance and low asking price. Reliability was often a strong point with these cars, some of which have reached over the point and are still running to the present day due to good maintenance. Skoda made great play in its advertising of its consistent class wins in the RAC rallies in the 1970s and 80s with the Estelle.
In August 2006, an "Auto Express" survey revealed that just 612 Škoda Estelles sold in Britain were still registered with the DVLA, which officially made it the fifth most scrapped car in Britain sold in the last 30 years - although it can be argued that much of this reduction in numbers could be attributed to mass re-exportation of the vehicles back to Eastern Europe (as was also the case with contemporary Lada vehicles of the same era) where they were worth much more, as opposed to scrappage. The four cars with a higher rate for scrappings had all finished production at least four years before the Estelle. With the Škoda Estelle being the last mass-produced rear-engined small family car in Europe, not to mention the fact it's becoming increasingly rare in the UK, prices for good examples are rising.
Finland.
The 105 and the 120 sold well in Finland in the late 1970's. During the 1980's Skoda's sales in Finland took a small plummet but nothing of concern. The 105 and the 120 were imported with no tweaks except some extra options to help them get through Finland's snowy roads more easily.
West Germany.
There was a 105 LS model available specially in West Germany, but it was not a strong seller and couldn't hope to compete with the leading favourites: Volkswagen Golf, Volkswagen Jetta, Opel Kadett and Ford Escort. Overall sales were predictable in Germany
Greece.
Sales of the Škoda 105/120 range in Greece were strong, though it was never able to match the success of established Western European and Japanese models. Its main selling points were its low price, ease of maintenance and spacious interior. The low price was a particular consideration during the recession of the late 1970s and early 1980s. They had a good reputation for being rugged and robust vehicles and they were considered by some drivers as "the real cars" for all possible uses and needs.
The 120 standard model was never imported in Greece. After the Škoda 105/120 models were given a mild revamp in early 1984, the whole 105/120/130 range was sold under the name Škoda Target.
By the early 1990s, it was obvious more than ever that the rear-engined range had already become a far cry from the needs of the Greek drivers. As a result, the Škoda 105/120 and 130/135/136 models rapidly disappeared from Greek roads. There are extremely few, if any rear-engined Škodas left, on Greek roads.
New Zealand.
The Škoda 105/120 was imported into New Zealand in the late 1970s and proved to be an affordable, popular and robust "no-frills" vehicle, comparing well against equivalent British imports. There was a political scandal though in the early 1980s when it was falsely reported that a batch of imported Škodas were made with Czech prison labour (such imports are forbidden under New Zealand law), but imports were allowed to continue when it was determined that the importer knew nothing about this aspect of the vehicles' construction.
The car also got a political reputation at the General Election in 1984, when a defeated National Party MP, Pat Hunt, derisively referred to his Social Credit Party opponent, Neil Morrison, who won the seat as a member of "the Crimplene suit and Škoda brigade".
Australia.
The Škoda 120L was sold in Australia during the late 1970s and early 1980s though sales suffered from laws that limited numbers imported annually due to their being manufactured in Czechoslovakia which was a communist state. Despite this the 120L received a positive response from the motoring press who acknowledged it as offering good value for money. This was the last Škoda model sold in Australia until the 2007 launch of the Škoda Octavia and Škoda Roomster. It is estimated that approximately 20 Škoda 120L's survive in Australia.
Iceland.
In Iceland the Skoda 105 S and L were sold, in some numbers. The 120 was imported between 1977 - 1989, although some were registered in 1990. Around 7 Skodas in total are licensed in Iceland, most of them the 120, then 130 and only one 105. Over 30 Skodas are left in total.

</doc>
<doc id="2840100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840100" title="Astwick">
Astwick

Astwick is a village and civil parish in the Central Bedfordshire district of Bedfordshire, England.
It is located on the River Ivel, just to the north of Stotfold. Hinxworth, in the neighbouring county of Hertfordshire, is also nearby. The Great North Road passes just to the east of the village.
Astwick was first recorded in the Domesday Book in 1086. Until the mid-19th century, the parish formed part of the hundred of Biggleswade.
The village has one church, the Parish Church of St Guthlac, one of only two churches in England dedicated to this saint. Another notable building is the moated Astwick Bury, which dates from around 1700 and is Grade II listed.
The parish is too small to have a parish council and instead has a parish meeting.

</doc>
<doc id="2840108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840108" title="Hurricane preparedness">
Hurricane preparedness

Cyclone mitigation encompasses the actions and planning taken before a tropical cyclone strikes to mitigate damage and injury from the storm. Preparedness may involve preparations made by individuals as well as centralized efforts by governments or other organizations.
History.
Recent windstorm activity, in the United States in particular, has focused interest in measures that can be used to lower the likelihood of damage to structures. Billions of dollars of damages have resulted from such strong winds and the manner in which structures have been built in the affected areas in the United States.
Some building codes address mitigation measures. For example, the Florida Building Code, specifies the type of nail used to secure roof sheathing. The specification was determined by scientific research conducted by Florida International University's International Hurricane Research Center.
Individual preparedness.
An important decision in individual preparedness is determining if and when to evacuate an area that will be affected by a tropical cyclone. If evacuation is not possible or necessary, other preparedness actions include storing supplies, securing a home against extreme winds and rain, and making plans with others prior to the storm's landfall.
Hurricane preparedness kits usually include drinkable water, sealed pre-prepared meals MRE, first-aid kits, prescription medications in sealed containers, waterproof battery-powered or hand-crank-powered flashlights and radios, a whistle or other sound-signaling device, a multi-tool with a knife, identification and medical cards, any necessary medical records, waterproof bags or portable waterproof containers, and other supplies helpful to a survival situation.
Preparedness also may include having discussed evacuation plans and routes, and informing others of those plans before a disaster occurs.
Evacuation to hurricane shelters is an option of last resort. Shelter space is first come first serve and only intended preserve human life. Buildings designated as shelters in Florida are required to only have been constructed to meet minimum code requirements applicable at the time of design. Some shelters are expected to protect occupants from wind and water but are not expected to provide food, water, sanitation, or bedding.
Home retrofitting.
An important decision a homeowner should make is to locate the building outside of range from the coast that is exposed to storm surge. Regardless of protection from the effects of wind, a building can be flooded or destroyed by storm surge waters.
To mitigate the effects of high winds and associated debris impact, the home can be examined out by an experienced hurricane mitigation professional. Many hurricane protection companies offer free consultations as part of their marketing strategy. The State of Florida has taken steps to help its homeowners in the area of hurricane preparedness through its My Safe Florida Home grant program. Qualified homeowners receive a free in-home assessment of their home's hurricane readiness. The state matches funds spent by the homeowner, up to a $5,000 limit.
When making these types of home improvements, there are two major areas of focus: the roof and the openings.
Homes may be retrofitted to withstand the extreme conditions of a tropical cyclone. Common modifications include reinforcing gabled roofs, applying additional adhesives to roof shingles, installing hurricane straps and clips to ensure the roof stays in place despite high winds. Hurricane resistant shutters, as well as impact resistant glass may help keep windows closed from driving rain, despite flying debris.
Reinforcing garage doors and entry doors is also common practice for hurricane preparing a home. Garage doors may be protected by fabric screens, made of a strong woven fabric, to keep out projectiles and to reinforce the door.
The goal of these mitigation measures and products is to decrease the likelihood of severe damage a home. There is no guarantee that these measures will safeguard any home against any kind of storm and the projectiles that may come with a storm, but a well-protected home is far more likely to come through a hurricane in better shape than a home that has little or no protection.
Organized preparation.
Hurricane mitigation uses policies to make buildings and other infrastructure more resistant to the effects of tropical cyclones. In addition to facilities themselves being at risk, the internal contents of the structures can be damaged as result of exposure to water if the building envelope is breached, usually as a result of the strong winds associated with hurricanes and tropical storms. Although the negative pressure caused by high velocity wind flowing over a building roof can cause the roof to fail with the building envelope intact, broken windows allow the air pressure to rise inside a building, creating an even greater pressure difference, and increasing the likelihood of roof failure. This pressure increase results after an opening, that is, a window or door, is breached after being struck and broken by wind blown debris.
Product certification.
Few codes make the use of hurricane mitigation products mandatory. As the field is rather new to construction, few standards exist to address uniform testing or product certification of product installations.
Test facilities.
There is no single test standard or facility capable of qualifying the protection of an entire building. The Cyclone Testing Station in Australia can test building systems (e.g., roofs, exterior cladding), and indirectly test entire small buildings with structural loading to simulate wind pressures. In the United States, the test facilities at the FM Global Research Campus includes both direct wind testing of roof components to speeds up to , and roof uplift simulation using suction tables per industry standards.
Hurricane simulator.
University of Florida's team led by Forrest Masters developed “the world's most powerful portable hurricane simulator, a giant machine capable of reproducing winds in excess of and recreating rain.” It consists of eight large fans driven by four diesel engines, with a 5,000-gallon (19,000 litre) water tank to keep the engines cooled. The university is currently designing water-resistant windows, wind-proof tiles and altogether stronger structures.
This machine was used in the "MythBusters" 2009 season to test the myth that it's better to leave the windows open during a hurricane than closed (the myth was declared Busted).

</doc>
<doc id="2840115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840115" title="Békés County (former)">
Békés County (former)

Békés was an administrative county (comitatus) of the Kingdom of Hungary. Its territory, which was smaller than that of present Békés county, is now in southeastern Hungary. The capital of the county was Gyula.
Geography.
Békés county shared borders with the Hungarian counties Csongrád, Jász-Nagykun-Szolnok, Hajdú, Bihar, Arad and Csanád. The river Körös/Criş flowed through the county. Its area was 3671 km² around 1910.
History.
Békés county arose as one of the first comitatus of the Kingdom of Hungary, in the 11th century. After World War II, the territory of Békés county was expanded with: 
Demographics.
1900.
In 1900, the county had a population of 278,731 people and was composed of the following linguistic communities:
Total:
According to the census of 1900, the county was composed of the following religious communities:
Total:
1910.
In 1910, the county had a population of 298,710 people and was composed of the following linguistic communities:
Total:
According to the census of 1910, the county was composed of the following religious communities:
Total:
Subdivisions.
In the early 20th century, the subdivisions of Békés county were:

</doc>
<doc id="2840118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840118" title="Lee High School">
Lee High School

Lee High School is the name of several high schools in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="2840125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840125" title="Bangkok Yai District">
Bangkok Yai District

Bangkok Yai (; ) is one of the 50 districts (Khet) of Bangkok, Thailand. Neighbouring districts are (from north clockwise) Bangkok Noi, Phra Nakhon (across Chao Phraya River), Thon Buri, Phasi Charoen, and Taling Chan.
History.
The district is named after Khlong Bangkok Yai (คลองบางกอกใหญ่, also called Khlong Bang Luang, คลองบางหลวง) which was actually part of Chao Phraya River until a canal dug in 1522 during Ayutthaya period altered the flow of the river such that the canal became the main river and the section of original river become Khlong Bangkok Yai of today. Bangkok Yai, or more precisely Wat Arun sub-district, was also the site of Thon Buri when the capital was set up here during 1767 till 1782.
Originally called Amphoe Hongsaram (หงสาราม) when the district was set up in 1915, it was renamed to Amphoe Bangkok Yai in 1916, demoted to a king amphoe of amphoe Bang Yi Khan (บางยี่ขัน) in 1938, promoted back to Amphoe in 1958, and finally changed to khet due to administration reform in 1972.
Administration.
The district is sub-divided into 2 sub-districts ("Khwaeng").

</doc>
<doc id="2840127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840127" title="Azazeal">
Azazeal

Azazeal (pronounced "ahz-azeel") is a fictional character in the British television series "Hex", played by Michael Fassbender.
The character is seemingly based on the similarly spelled Azazel from The Book of Enoch. However, past the name, the similarities end. In biblical Apocrypha, the fallen angels referred to in "Hex" as the Nephilim were in fact called the Grigori, or "Watchers." In the Apocrypha, the Nephilim were offspring of the Grigori by mortal women. It is most likely the difference in spelling of Azazeal/Azazel and the change to Nephilim from Grigori were done for aesthetic reasons, though this has not been officially confirmed.
Azazeal seduced a series of women throughout the ages, dating from ancient Egypt to the present, but these women were usually killed by Ella Dee in order to stop the freedom of the Nephilim that his son's birth would signal.
In the second episode of "Hex", Azazeal sacrifices Cassie Hughes' friend and roommate Thelma Bates, turning her into a ghost and releasing his power. Later in the series, he enters into a sexual relationship with Cassie and Cassie's teacher Jo, eventually turning her to his side. Through a series of demonic possessions, he conceives an heir, Malachi, with Cassie, and convinces the abortionist to put the child in his care at Christmas time.
In series two, after Cassie's death, Azazeal uses the mystical Stone of Belial to make Ella Dee relive her torture and execution, eventually causing her to lose her immortality and rapidly age to 500 or so years old, nearing death. He, an adult Malachi and Perie the "fairy" form a small alliance, before Azazeal is suddenly notified by higher powers that he is no longer to be Malachi's caregiver, replaced with Mephistopheles. He and Ella share a goodbye without trying to kill each other.

</doc>
<doc id="2840129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840129" title="Dana–Farber Cancer Institute">
Dana–Farber Cancer Institute

Dana–Farber Cancer Institute is a center for cancer treatment and research in Boston, Masschusetts. It is a major affiliate of Harvard Medical School, and a founding member of Dana–Farber/Harvard Cancer Center, a Comprehensive Cancer Center designated by the National Cancer Institute.
Overview.
Dana-Farber employs more than 3,680 people and has annual revenues of about $800 million. There are more than 299,202 adult and pediatric patient visits a year, and it is involved in more than 700 clinical trials. It is internationally known for its research and clinical excellence. Expertscape ranks its programs in aplastic anemia and multiple myeloma as best in the world. It has been also ranked the fifth best cancer hospital in the United States by "U.S. News & World Report". Dana-Farber is a member of the Multiple Myeloma Research Consortium.
In addition to being a principal teaching affiliate of Harvard Medical School, Dana-Farber is also a federally designated Center for AIDS Research, and a founding member of the Dana-Farber/Harvard Cancer Center (DF/HCC), a federally designated Comprehensive Cancer Center. Providing advanced training in cancer treatment and research for an international faculty, Dana-Farber conducts community-based programs in cancer prevention, detection, and control inNew England, and maintains joint programs with other Boston institutions, including Brigham and Women's Hospital, Boston Children's Hospital, and Massachusetts General Hospital.
Dana-Farber is supported by the National Cancer Institute, the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, and private foundations and individuals contributions. The Jimmy Fund is the principal charity of the Institute named for one of its child patients. The Boston Red Sox adopted the Jimmy Fund as its official charity in 1953 and continues to prominently sponsor the charity.
Edward J. Benz, Jr., M.D is . President / CEO of Dana–Farber Cancer Institute/Jimmy Fund, and received $807,917 salary/compensation from the charity. This is the 3rd most money given by any charity to the head of a charity, according to Charity Watch.
History.
1947 - Sidney Farber, MD, founded the Children's Cancer Research Foundation.
1969 - The Institute officially expanded its programs to include patients of all ages.
1974 - It became known as the Sidney Farber Cancer Institute in honor of its founder.
1983 - The support of the Charles A. Dana Foundation was acknowledged by incorporating Dana's name.
Breakthroughs.
Dana-Farber has a long history of breakthrough discoveries in cancer care and research.
Care for adults with cancer.
Dana-Farber/Brigham and Women's Cancer Center (DF/BWCC) is a collaboration between Dana–Farber Cancer Institute and Brigham and Women's Hospital to care for adults with cancer. Dana-Farber provides outpatient services, while inpatient care is provided by Brigham and Women's Hospital.
DF/BWCC cares for adult patients in more than a dozen specialized treatment centers, each devoted to helping people fight a different type of cancer. This coordinated arrangement makes it possible for many people to see all of their specialists in a single visit. The medical staff works as a team to provide expert evaluation and the most advanced care possible.
Care for children with cancer.
Dana-Farber/Boston Children's Cancer and Blood Disorders Center is a more than 60-year-old partnership between Boston Children's Hospital and Dana–Farber Cancer Institute that delivers comprehensive care to children with and survivors of all types of childhood cancers. Dana-Farber/Boston Children's specialists are actively involved in pediatric cancer research and use the latest clinical techniques to improve outcomes and quality of life. This includes 13 specialty areas.
They also work with several other local New England organizations that share a similar vision, such as Take a Swing at Cancer, Angel's Hope, Childhood Cancer Lifeline of New Hampshire and Andrew's Helpful Hands.

</doc>
<doc id="2840133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840133" title="Núcleo de Informática Biomédica">
Núcleo de Informática Biomédica

The Núcleo de Informática Biomédica (in English, Center for Biomedical Informatics) of the State University of Campinas (NIB), in Campinas, Brazil, was an interdisciplinary center for research, development and education in medical informatics, founded July 1983 by the University, under the deanship of Dr. José Aristodemo Pinotti. Its founder and first director was Dr. Renato M.E. Sabbatini. NIB closed down in February 2004, after the retirement of Dr. Sabbatini.
NIB was one of the earliest university-based research centers on the subject of biomedical informatics to be officially established in the country.
R&D on Internet applications in health.
Starting 1996, NIB created with a number of websites devoted to promote the awareness of general public to health-related information, such as, among others: 
NIB also created the first Brazilian project of scientific electronic publishing, the e*pub Group, where several pioneering, exclusively on-line publications were created under it, such as the On-Line Journal of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery and the On-Line Journal of Dentistry and Oral Medicine.

</doc>
<doc id="2840135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840135" title="KPRS">
KPRS

KPRS is an Urban contemporary radio station that broadcasts on the 103.3 MHz frequency licensed to Kansas City. The station's playlist consists of hip-hop, R&B, soul, jazz, and gospel music. According to the Federal Communications Commission (FCC), it is the oldest continually African American family-owned radio station in the United States. The station is owned by Carter Broadcast Group, and its studios are located in South Kansas City, as well as its transmitter (located separately).
History.
In 1950, Andrew "Skip" Carter began operating KPRS as the nation's first Black radio station west of the Mississippi River with a transmitter donated by former Kansas governor, Alf Landon. KPRS, 1590, debuted as a 500-watt daytimer (now home to sister station KPRT) with a playlist that consisted of R&B and soul. In 1951, KPRS opened its first studio at 12th and Walnut street, Kansas City, Missouri. By 1952, Carter and Ed and Psyche Pate became business partners and purchased the station for $40,000 from the Johnson County Broadcasting Corporation. They moved KPRS to a new site at 2814 East 23rd Street in Kansas City. 
In 1969, the Carters had controlling interest in the station. In 1971, KPRS-AM moved its programming to the 103.3 frequency on the FM dial became KPRS-FM, ""Hot 103 Jamz"" and the 1590 frequency became KPRT-AM, ""Gospel 1590, The Gospel Source"" an urban gospel-formatted station. The studios and offices moved to the Crown Center and the Carters moved to Florida to open a new corporate headquarters. Then four years later in 1975, KPRS Broadcasting Corporation, which was later renamed Carter Broadcasting Group, became one of the first fully automated radio stations in the Midwest, and in the country for that matter. DJ's such as Chris King and Freddie Bell read news updates, while also announcing songs. (Bell called himself "Frederick" during newscasts.)
Ensuring the business would remain a family-run entity, Michael Carter, Andrew's grandson, was named president of the company. One of his first moves was to take both stations back to the "live" formats. Michael Carter, who actually made his radio debut at age 8 on KPRS-AM, also made KPRS a 24-hour station.
In 1989, station owner Andrew Carter died at his Florida home. The Black radio pioneer's legacy lived on and moved forward. His widow, Mildred Carter became chairperson of the board and the stations continued to grow and to solidify its standing in the Black community with various outreach programs and promotions. In 1990, KPRS-FM jumped from 8th to 5th in the Kansas City market, according to the Arbitrons. Also in the 1990s, KPRS stopped playing what it perceived as negative hip-hop or gangsta rap and explicit and overtly sexual R&B. In 1995, KPRS picked up the Crystal Award from the National Association of Broadcasters. The Carter Broadcast Group celebrated its 45th anniversary in 1995, and had its highest ratings ever, reaching the number one slot for that year. In 2000, the company celebrated its 50th anniversary. In 2005, the station became an affiliate of the Steve Harvey Morning Show.
The Carter Broadcasting Group, owners of KPRS and KPRT, along with The Sherman Broadcast Group, were co-owners of an Urban Contemporary station known as KSJM ""107-9 Jamz"" in Wichita. In late 2007, the two groups sold KSJM to The Ag Network Group, which dropped the Urban format for Country as KWLS "US-107.9" on January 19, 2008.
In the Fall of 2009, KPRS added more Rhythmic/Pop crossover titles from artists like Justin Bieber, Miley Cyrus, Iyaz, Kesha, Katy Perry, and Jason DeRulo. This was most likely due to the implementation of the PPM in the Kansas City Arbitron ratings. This caused significant controversy, as the only Hip Hop/R&B station in the Kansas City market was, in the eyes of many in its audience, attempting to lean Rhythmic to attract a female audience in addition to being more client-friendly towards different race groups. The station has since ended this tactic.
In August 2010, the station dropped Steve Harvey due to low ratings, and was replaced by "More Music In The Mornings" with J.T. Quick. Morning drive-time ratings significantly improved.
In April 2011, management made a change within the programming department by relieving operations manager Andre Carson, and replaced him with longtime music director Myron Fears.
In July 2011, KPRS repositioned its DJ lineup to help improve its ratings. The morning show changed from "More Music In the Mornings" to "The Morning Jam", and was now hosted by station veterans Tony G and Sean Tyler. Julee Jonez hosts the mid-day show, while J.T. Quick moved from morning drive to afternoon drive, and the night show is rotated by Brian B. Shynin', Brooklyn Martino and Playmaker. 
In June 2012, KPRS returned to the #1 position in the Kansas City Arbitron ratings. Since September 2012, KPRS has been one of the Top 3 performing radio stations in Kansas City and one of the highest ratings performing urban-formatted radio stations in the United States.
Competition.
Appropriate for a heritage Urban station, KPRS continues to thrive well in the Kansas City market, even with its main current competitor Urban AC KMJK.
Program schedule.
Fridays
Saturdays
Sundays
Other on-air staff

</doc>
<doc id="2840136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840136" title="Des Visages des Figures">
Des Visages des Figures

des Visages des Figures is an album by French rock band Noir Désir. It was released in France and other European countries on 11 September 2001. Manu Chao plays the guitar in "Le vent nous portera", among numerous musicians participating in the album. All music was composed by Noir Désir, where not otherwise specified. Lyrics are by Bertrand Cantat, where not otherwise specified.
The group received five Victoires de la Musique award nominations for the album, winning both Best Rock Album of the Year for 2001 and Music Video of the Year for "Le vent nous portera." The French edition of "Rolling Stone" magazine named this album the 60th greatest French rock album (out of 100).
Track listing.
All tracks by Noir Désir
produced by Nick Sansano, Noir Désir, Jean Lamoot, and Akosh Szelevényi.

</doc>
<doc id="2840140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840140" title="Lauri Sutela">
Lauri Sutela

General Lauri Johannes Sutela (11 October 1918 – 8 November 2011) was a Finnish military officer. He served as an officer in the engineer corps during World War II. 
Sutela worked his way up the Finnish Army and finally as the Chief of the Finnish Defence Forces from 15 April 1974 until 11 October 1983.
Death.
Sutela died in Helsinki, Finland on 8 November 2011 at the age of 93.

</doc>
<doc id="2840145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840145" title="Kaserne">
Kaserne

Kaserne is a loanword taken from the German word "Kaserne" (plural: "Kasernen"), which translates as "barracks". It is the typical term used when naming the garrison location for NATO forces stationed in Germany. American forces were also sometimes housed in installations simply referred to as "barracks", such as Ray Barracks in Friedberg.
American forces within a kaserne could range anywhere from company size, with a few hundred troops and equipment, to brigade level formation with supporting units, or approximately three to five thousand troops and their equipment. The largest single unit combat force in Germany, the First Brigade of the U.S. 3rd Armored Division was housed at Ayers Kaserne, Kirchgons, Germany (50° 28' 32.44" N 8° 38' 29.24" E), also known as "The Rock". While several dozen kasernes with NATO forces were once spread all across Germany, after the end of the Cold War, many were closed, and some have been demolished.
Most army posts within the United States house units and/or multiple units of a much larger size than one would find in a kaserne. These installations are typically called "forts", such as Fort Knox, Fort Campbell, Fort Dix etc. National Guard and Reserve installations, though sometimes designated as "forts", are more often referred to as "camps".

</doc>
<doc id="2840149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840149" title="Davy Medal">
Davy Medal

The Davy Medal is awarded by the Royal Society of London "for an outstandingly important recent discovery in any branch of chemistry". Named after Humphry Davy, the medal is awarded with a gift of £1000. The medal was first awarded in 1877 to Robert Wilhelm Bunsen and Gustav Robert Kirchhoff "for their researches & discoveries in spectrum analysis", and has since been awarded 131 times. The medal is awarded annually, and unlike other Royal Society medals, such as the Hughes Medal, it has been awarded annually without ever missing a year. The medal was most recently awarded to Fraser Armstrong "for his pioneering protein film electrochemistry allowing exquisite thermodynamic and kinetic control of redox enzymes, exemplified by hydrogenases, key in energy technology.".
The medal has been awarded to multiple individuals in the same year: in 1882 it was awarded to Dmitri Mendeleev and Julius Lothar Meyer "for their discovery of the periodic relations of the atomic weights"; in 1883 to Marcellin Berthelot and Julius Thomsen "for their researches in thermo-chemistry"; in 1893 to Jacobus Henricus van 't Hoff and Joseph Achille Le Bel "In recognition of their introduction of the theory of asymmetric carbon, and its use in explaining the constitution of optically active carbon compounds"; in 1903 to Pierre Curie and Marie Curie "for their researches on radium" and in 1968 to John Cornforth and George Joseph Popjak "in recognition of their distinguished joint work on the elucidation of the biosynthetic pathway to polyisoprenoids and steroids".

</doc>
<doc id="2840151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840151" title="Tony Strobl">
Tony Strobl

Anthony Joseph (Tony) Strobl (May 12, 1915 – December 29, 1991) was an American comics artist and animator. He was born in Cleveland, Ohio and attended Cleveland School of Art from 1933–37, with Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster, who actually got some help from Strobl creating Superman. Gerard Jones in his book "Men of Tomorrow" reveals at one point Jerry Siegel contemplated ending his partnership with Joe Shuster in developing what became Superman and work with someone else instead. Strobl was among those approached but he respectfully declined, feeling his more cartoony artstyle was ill suited for such a serious character.
After finishing his education, Strobl became impressed enough by "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" to seek a job at Walt Disney Studios. After a refusal, he eventually was hired in 1938. He worked as an animator on "Fantasia", "Dumbo", and "Pinocchio" before he left the studio to fight in World War II.
In 1942, Strobl saved a seven year old girl from drowning while working for an Army propaganda unit. He returned to animation after the war, but moved over to the comics field, and after a few commercial artist jobs, he started working for Western Publishing in 1947.
At Western, he illustrated primarily Disney comics, especially from the Duck universe. Starting with a Bucky Bug story for "Walt Disney's Comics and Stories" #100 in 1949, Strobl had a long and impressive production of Disney comics. He did comic book stories for Western until 1968, and for the Disney Studio Program from 1963 to his retirement in 1987. Although during his career he primarily illustrated stories written by others, he wrote some of his stories himself. Strobl also illustrated some stories written by Carl Barks after the latter's 1966 retirement. The most significant of these is "King Scrooge the First" (Uncle Scrooge #71).
In addition to Disney, Strobl illustrated comics with several other characters, such as Bugs Bunny and Woody Woodpecker.
In the "Hall of Fame" series of hardcover books devoted to the greatest Duck (and Mouse) comics artists, published in Norwegian, Danish and Swedish by Egmont, Volume 15 (2006) is dedicated to Strobl's work.

</doc>
<doc id="2840153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840153" title="International Comics and Animation Festival">
International Comics and Animation Festival

The International Comics and Animation Festival (ICAF) is an academic conference and international comic convention held every autumn in Washington, D.C.. It was founded in 1995 by Georgetown University's Department of French. Beginning in 1997, it has been held in conjunction many times with the Small Press Expo (SPX). 
Both ICAF and SPX were cancelled in 2001 due to creators' travel difficulties related to the September 11, 2001 attacks.

</doc>
<doc id="2840181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840181" title="Olli Jokinen">
Olli Jokinen

Olli Veli Pekka Jokinen (born December 5, 1978) is a Finnish professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for the Nashville Predators of the National Hockey League (NHL). He was selected by the Los Angeles Kings third overall in the 1997 NHL Entry Draft with whom he made his NHL debut. He has also played for the New York Islanders, Florida Panthers, Phoenix Coyotes, Calgary Flames, New York Rangers and Winnipeg Jets. He began his professional career with KalPa and then HIFK of the Finnish SM-liiga. Additionally, he played for EHC Kloten of the Swiss National League A and Södertälje SK of the Swedish Elitserien. He also holds the records for most points and goals for the Panthers.
Jokinen began his professional career in his native Finland in 1996 and in 1997 won the Jarmo Wasama memorial trophy as SM-liiga rookie of the year. He won the Matti Keinonen and Jari Kurri trophies in 1998 as the most effective player of the regular season and most valuable player of the playoffs, respectively. He moved to the NHL full-time in 1998–99 and played his best seasons with the Panthers, with whom he served as captain from 2003 to 2008 and played in the 2003 All-Star Game. Jokinen played almost 800 NHL games before making his first playoff appearance in 2009; in 2012, he played his 1,000th game.
Internationally, Jokinen has played for Finland on numerous occasions. He was an all-star and named best forward of the 1998 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships, leading his nation to the gold medal. He is a four-time Olympian, winning a silver medal at the 2006 Turin Games and bronze at the 2010 Vancouver Games and 2014 Sochi Games . He has won two silver and three bronze medals at the World Championships and played for the Finnish team that finished second to Canada at the 2004 World Cup of Hockey.
Playing career.
Finland.
Jokinen began with his hometown team, KalPa, playing for the squad's under-18 and junior teams between 1994 and 1996. He made his debut with the senior team in the SM-liiga in 1995–96, appearing in 15 games, scoring one goal and one assist. He moved onto HIFK in 1996–97 where he played full-time with the senior squad. He was the youngest player on the team, and in 50 games, scored 14 goals and 41 points. He was recognized as the SM-liiga's rookie of the year, and was presented with the Jarmo Wasama memorial trophy.
The National Hockey League (NHL)'s Central Scouting Bureau rated Jokinen as the top European prospect for the 1997 NHL Entry Draft. He was selected by the Los Angeles Kings with the third overall selection, after Joe Thornton and Patrick Marleau. He began the 1997–98 season with the Kings, making his NHL debut on October 1, 1997, against the Pittsburgh Penguins. He was held pointless in eight games, however, and the Kings chose to return him to HIFK to complete the season.
Jokinen played 30 games with HIFK, scoring 39 points. He added another nine points in nine playoff games as the team won the SM-liiga championship. He won the Matti Keinonen and Jari Kurri trophies in 1998 as the most effective player of the regular season and most valuable player of the playoffs, respectively.
Los Angeles and the New York Islanders.
Returning to North America, Jokinen began the 1998–99 season with the Kings' American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate, the Springfield Falcons. He earned a recall to Los Angeles after nine games, in which he scored nine points. He recorded his first NHL point on November 5, 1998, with an assist in a game against the St. Louis Blues then scored his first NHL goal five nights later against the Calgary Flames. Jokinen was named the NHL's rookie of the month for November, scoring 8 points in 11 games. He finished the season with 21 points in 66 games played. Following the season on June 20, 1999, Jokinen was traded to the New York Islanders, along with Josh Green, Mathieu Biron and a first round selection at that year's draft in exchange for Žigmund Pálffy, Bryan Smolinski, Marcel Cousineau and a fourth round selection. Jokinen was considered the central piece of the deal from New York's perspective as they gave up their top player in Pálffy.
Jokinen played only one season on the Island. He appeared in all 82 games for the Islanders, scoring 21 points. However, he was included in a trade at the 2000 NHL Draft as he was packaged with goaltender Roberto Luongo and sent to the Florida Panthers in exchange for Mark Parrish and Oleg Kvasha on June 24, 2000.
Florida Panthers.
In Florida, Jokinen initially did not get along with head coach Terry Murray as the Panthers' bench boss criticized his play while leaving him out of the lineup for several December games during the 2000–01 NHL season. Though he appeared in 78 games for the Panthers, Jokinen's offensive totals fell to a career-low 16 points. He showed a modest improvement to 29 points in 80 games in 2001–02, but Jokinen was increasingly being criticized as a bust. His confidence reached a low point during that season, at one point he contemplated leaving the NHL and returning to Finland.
The 2002–03 season proved to be Jokinen's breakout year. Playing under new coach Mike Keenan and described by general manager Rick Dudley as skating "every shift like it was his last", he scored 11 points in his first 12 games of the season. He equaled his previous career high of 29 points in the 26th game of the season, and finished with a team-leading 36 goals and 65 points. Additionally, he played in his first NHL All-Star Game. Jokinen credited his turnaround to coach Mike Keenan, who launched into a tirade against the player's commitment during the first intermission of a game mere days after he was hired as a mid-season replacement for Murray.
Jokinen had been named an alternate captain of the Panthers prior to the 2002–03 season, and was elevated to captain to begin 2003–04. He again led the team in goals (26) and points (58) and scored his 200th career point on March 10, 2004, with an assist against the Buffalo Sabres. When the 2004–05 NHL season was wiped out by a labour dispute, Jokinen played for several European teams: first EHC Kloten of the Swiss National League A, then Södertälje SK of the Swedish Elitserien, and finally HIFK back in Finland. Returning to the NHL in 2005–06, Jokinen reached new career highs with 38 goals, 51 assists and 89 points. He played his 500th NHL game on November 19, 2005, against the New York Islanders, and recorded his first hat trick on November 25 against Pittsburgh.
Appearing in all 82 games for the Panthers in 2006–07, Jokinen again set personal bests with 39 goals, 52 assists and 91 points. He fell back to 34 goals and 71 points in 2007–08, but led the Panthers offensively for the fifth consecutive season. He was involved in a frightening accident during a February 10, 2008, game against the Buffalo Sabres. Jokinen was checked by Buffalo forward Clarke MacArthur and as he fell to the ice, his skate came up and struck teammate Richard Zedník in the throat, seriously injuring him. Zedník was nearly killed by the cut and missed the remainder of the season, though he recovered and was able to resume his career.
Jokinen was the subject of trade rumours throughout the season as the Panthers, who had failed to make the playoffs for seven consecutive seasons, looked at ways of improving their club. Florida ultimately traded Jokinen at the 2008 NHL Entry Draft. He was sent to the Phoenix Coyotes in exchange for Keith Ballard, Nick Boynton and a second round draft pick. Jokinen left the Panthers as the franchise's all time leader in goals (188), assists (231) and points (419).
Phoenix, Calgary and the New York Rangers.
The 2008–09 NHL season began well for Jokinen, as he recorded 18 points in his first 21 games with the Coyotes. However, a shoulder injury suffered in November 2008 caused him to miss a game for the first time since 2002–03, ending his streak of consecutive games played at 397. He appeared in 57 games for the Coyotes but did not finish the season in Phoenix. The Calgary Flames acquired him, along with a third round draft pick, on March 4, 2009, in exchange for Matthew Lombardi, Brandon Prust and Calgary's first round selection at the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
The deal was an immediate benefit to the Flames, as Jokinen had one of the best starts for a newly acquired player in team history, scoring 10 points in his first six games, and was named the NHL's second star of the week for March 9–15. However, he fell into an offensive slump toward the end of the season, failing to score in Calgary's last 13 regular season games. However, for the first time in his ten-year NHL career, and after 799 NHL games, Jokinen played in the Stanley Cup playoffs. Earlier in the season while still with Phoenix, Jokinen surpassed Guy Charron's NHL record total of 735 games without ever appearing in a playoff game. Jokinen appeared in six games during the 2009 Stanley Cup playoffs, scoring five points as the Flames were eliminated in the first round.
Jokinen's offense disappeared in 2009–10, as he scored just three goals in his first 23 games and failed to work well with captain Jarome Iginla. He was criticized by local media, who placed blame on his shoulders for the Flames' failure to make the 2010 playoffs and for failing to live up to the value expected by his US$5.25 million contract. Late in the season, Jokinen was involved in a trade to the New York Rangers, where he was sent with Brandon Prust in exchange for Aleš Kotalík and Christopher Higgins, who had similarly disappointing seasons in New York.
The deal generated controversy after Canadian channel The Sports Network (TSN) had announced that the trade was complete, then claimed that the Flames had balked at completing the deal, believing they would need their players for a scheduled game. Consequently, Jokinen appeared in his final game with the Flames knowing through the media that he was to be traded afterward. When the trade was officially made, Jokinen bluntly described his feelings on the deal: "It’s a brutal business. That’s the way it goes. It comes with the salary. When you make $5 million, 11 goals is not going to cut it. ... It’s definitely a slap in the face to get traded." Jokinen scored 15 points in 21 games with the Rangers. In the final game of the season, New York faced the Philadelphia Flyers with the winner qualifying for the final playoff spot. Regulation time ended with the two teams tied, and the game ultimately went to a shootout. Jokinen came up as the Rangers' final shooter, with Philadelphia leading by one goal. His shot was stopped by Brian Boucher, ending their season.
A free agent following the season, Jokinen chose to return to the Flames, signing a two-year, $6 million contract. The deal generated a strong reaction in Calgary as some fans expressed strong opinions against his reacquisition. Flames' coach Brent Sutter sought to simplify Jokinen's game and force greater defensive responsibility on the forward. He finished the 2010–11 season with 17 goals and 54 points and was praised by his coach.
Jokinen appeared in his 1,000th NHL game on January 1, 2012, a 5–3 loss to the Nashville Predators.
Winnipeg Jets.
After becoming an unrestricted free agent on July 1, 2012, Jokinen signed a two year, $9 million deal with the Winnipeg Jets a day later on July 2.
Nashville Predators.
On July 2, 2014, Olli Jokinen signed as a free agent to a one year, $2.5 million deal with the Nashville Predators.
International play.
Jokinen has represented Finland his native country on numerous occasions. He first played with the Finnish national junior team at the under-18 level in the 1996 European Junior Championship. He joined the under-20 team one year later for the 1997 World Junior Championship, scoring five goals in six games. He made his debut with the senior team that same year, finishing second in team scoring with six points in eight games at the 1997 World Championship.
At the 1998 World Junior Championship, Jokinen tied with American Jeff Farkas as the tournament's scoring leader with ten points and helped Finland win the gold medal on home soil. He was named a tournament all-star at centre, and was given the Directorate Award as top forward. He then won a silver medal at the 1998 World Championship. Another silver followed in 1999 and bronze medals in 2000, 2006 and 2008. In total, Jokinen has appeared in ten World Championships for Finland, scoring 41 points in 82 games.
Jokinen made his Olympic debut at the 2002 Games where he scored two goals in four games, but Finland was eliminated by Canada in the quarterfinals, and finished in sixth place. Two years later, he helped Finland reach the final of the 2004 World Cup of Hockey, scoring the first goal in a 2–1 come from behind victory over the United States in the semi-final. The Finns were again defeated by Canada.
At the 2006 Olympics in Turin, Jokinen tied with Teemu Selänne for the team lead with six goals and helped Finland reach its first gold medal game in a Winter Games. He and his teammates had to settle for silver, however, following a 3–2 loss to rival Sweden in the final. Jokinen won a bronze medal at his third Olympics, the 2010 Vancouver Games. He scored two goals, including the game winner, in a 5–3 victory over Slovakia in the third place game.
Personal life.
Jokinen met his wife Katerina, who was born in Greece but grew up in Finland, when they were both 18. They were married in 2001, and have three daughters.
He has an older brother, Ville, who played 47 games in SM-liiga, scoring four points.

</doc>
<doc id="2840193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840193" title="Manuel Baquedano">
Manuel Baquedano

Manuel Jesús Baquedano González (January 1, 1823 – September 30, 1897) was a Chilean soldier and Chief of Government, who served as Commander-in-chief of the Army during the War of the Pacific. Manuel Baquedano was of Basque descent.
Early life.
Manuel Baquedano was born in Santiago, the son of Fernando Baquedano and of Teresa González de Labra y Ros. He studied at the school of clergyman Juan Romo and at the Instituto Nacional of Chile. During this time he became lifelong friends with Federico Errázuriz and Eusebio Lillo. Baquedano was only 15 years old and still at school when the War of the Confederation exploded. He then fled his house to join the troops leaving for the War. He participated in the Battle of Yungay in 1839, being promoted on the field to Lieutenant at the age of 16.
Military career.
Manuel Baquedano returned to Chile and completed his military training. He was promoted to regular Lieutenant on January 23, 1845, and in January 1850, while holding the Adjutant in the Grenadiers, Baquedano was promoted to full Captain. During the Revolution of 1851 in April 1851, Manuel Baquedano's presence helped the Palace of La Moneda when he played a decisive role in the confrontation with the troops that rebelled, on the 20th day of that month, against the election of Manuel Montt as President. These rebels were commanded by Colonel Pedro Urriola who was supported by young liberals, among whom he counted his friend Eusebio Lillo. The revolution was followed by an armed navy revolt at Concepción by troops controlled by José María de la Cruz. Baquedano was named adjutant of General Manuel Bulnes and participated alongside the government's forces in the battle of Loncomilla, in December 1851. There, he faced his father and brother Eleuterio Baquedano, finishing the battle he requested permission to visit his father, head of the enemy army's General Staff, wounded in battle.
Manuel Montt granted him a promotion for his services to Sergeant Mayor of the government escort in January 1852.
Temporary retirement.
In April 1854, he lost his commission as military commandant of the city of La Frontera over a confused barracks mutiny incident in which his real involvement was never clarified. Baquedano then resigned from active service, and with his savings acquired the small "Santa Teresa" hacienda near the city of Los Angeles.
The government did not accept his resignation and so he was named adjutant of the commanding general of the military in Valparaíso in March 1855. Before a petition by himself Baquedano, in April was transferred with equal position to the commander of arms in Arauco, in order to be closer to his home. In August of that year he was designated commander of the civilian militia #3 in Arauco. Between 1855 and 1869 he dedicated himself to transforming his home into a productive agricultural property, and in 5 years this had already brought him a small fortune.
Return to military life.
Baquedano returned to military life in 1859, when the government called him to face the revolution that exploded in Concepción; for his services he was promoted to effective sergeant major in June of that year. Seven years later, in October 1866, colonel was promoted to lieutenant again, happening to act as in the city of the Angels, those that combined with their agricultural workings. By the end of 1868 were required again in the Army, to oppose to the indigenous rebellion headed by Quilapán and other caciques. Under the orders of general Jose Manuel Pinto, commander of the forces of the high border, he participated in numerous confrontations in Malleco and Renaico, from January to May 1869. By his services, September of that year, the control of the regiment Cazadores a Caballo (Hunting to Horse) was trusted to him, the same position that his father had held. 
The control of the regiment Cazadores a Caballo, was transferred to Santiago. Their military services in Araucanía and his personality opened with the civil world, allowed him to gain a prestige in the liberal governments and the santiaguina population. In July 1870, he was promoted to colonel and two years later effective colonel by the government of Federico Errázuriz Zañartu was named. In 1875, he was designated, in temporary form, chief inspector of Guardia Nacional (National Guard) and commander-in-chief of Arms of the capital city.
War of the Pacific.
In 1876, Baquedano was promoted to brigadier general. When War of the Pacific with Peru and Bolivia broke out in April 1879, he was general commander of the cavalry. In November 1879 he disembarked his troops in Pisagua under orders from commander-in-chief General Erasmo Escala. At that stage, the general command was torn by infighting between General Escala and the Minister of War and Navy over who was in charge of operations. The conflict was finally resolved with the resignation of General Escala on March 28, 1880, caused by "...the criminal insults inflicted by Mr. Rafael Sotomayor to his rights and his dignity". 
General Escala's resignation left the army in a very vulnerable situation. The soldiers' morale was at a low ebb, being engaged in disputes, gossip and internal rivalries. To solve the problem, the minister Rafael Sotomayor appointed General Baquedano as commander-in-chief, saying "...where Baquedano goes, gossip does not follow".
Soon he followed the campaign on Tacna and Arica, disembarking in February 1880 in Ilo. To the control of a division, faced the Peruvian Army in the Cerro de los Ángeles (the Angels hill) in March of that year. One stood out by his decision for the military resolutions, thus was promoted in June to major general. He participated in the battles of Tacna and Arica.
The military reputation of Baquedano was enhanced by his outstanding direction and participation in the battles of Chorrillos and Miraflores, in January 1881. There, thanks to the efforts of the men under his command, the Peruvian capital was occupied in less than a month. Baquedano returned to Chile when the government of President Aníbal Pinto decided that most of the Army he had to return, due to the high cost of maintaining troops. He arrived at Valparaiso in March 1881 and was received by a large crowd; the celebration was repeated in Santiago.
Later life.
The following month, he was named advisor of State, and was chosen as a senator by Santiago during 2 periods, between 1882 and 1888, and by Colchagua for another 2, between 1888 and 1894. From these positions he participated in the reorganization of the Army and cooperated in the commissions so that the Academy military and the General Staff were based. In April 1889, President José Manuel Balmaceda sent him on a mission to Europe, from which he returned in November 1890.
During the 1891 Chilean Civil War, Baquedano did not side with either political party. But, after Balmaceda's forces were overcome and destroyed at the battle of La Placilla, it was clear that the President could no longer hope to find a sufficient strength amongst his adherents to maintain himself in power. On August 29, 1891, Balmaceda officially handed power to General Baquedano, who maintained order in Santiago until the arrival of the congressional leaders on the 30th. He then handed power to Navy captain Jorge Montt on the 31st, and retired definitively to private life.
He died at his home in Santiago, at the age of 74
There is a commemorative statue of him, mounted on his horse, by the Edificio Telefónica in Av Providencia at Santiago.
Aftermath.
There are several places in Chile named "Baquedano": Baquedano metro station, Plaza Baquedano, Cordón Baquedano and Baquedano Street in Iquique. Also 2 ships of the Chilean Navy bear his name: Chilean frigate General Baquedano (PF-09) and Chilean corvette Baquedano (1898).

</doc>
<doc id="2840219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840219" title="Schempp-Hirth Nimbus-3">
Schempp-Hirth Nimbus-3

The Schempp-Hirth Nimbus-3 is a glider built by Schempp-Hirth. 
Design and development.
The Nimbus-3 uses carbon-fibre extensively and has a new wing profile compared with the Nimbus-2. It has a four-piece carbon-fibre wing with a 22.9 metre span but may be increased to 24.5 or 25.5 metres with tip extensions. The outer wing panels are in fact slightly modified Ventus wings. When rolling at large aileron deflection, small spoiler flaps deploy at the inner wingtip to compensate for lack of rudder power. It was first flown on 21 February 1981 by its designer Dipl.-Ing Klaus Holighaus. A glide ratio of 60:1 has been claimed. The Nimbus-3T version has a sustainer engine.
Nimbus-3s took the first three places in the Open Class in the 1981 World Gliding Championships, but because of the expense of Open Class gliders there were only 12 entrants. In the next World Championships, it took the top six places and it won again in the 1985 'Worlds'.
The Nimbus-3D is the two-seater version. First flight was in May 1986. There is a slight forward sweep of the wings. There are also a self-launched version (Nimbus-3DM) and a sustainer version (Nimbus-3DT).
The successor was the Schempp-Hirth Nimbus-4.

</doc>
<doc id="2840220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840220" title="California State Route 220">
California State Route 220

State Route 220 is a state highway in the U.S. state of California, defined to run between State Route 84 and State Route 160 on Ryer Island. At the eastern end of Ryer Island, the road crosses Steamboat Slough on the J-Mack Ferry, a cable ferry.
Route description.
The route begins at State Route 84 in Solano County. It then heads eastward and follows the Howard Landing Ferry across the Steamboat Slough to its east end at State Route 160 in Sacramento County.

</doc>
<doc id="2840226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840226" title="Lockport Powerhouse">
Lockport Powerhouse

The Lockport Powerhouse is a dam used by the Metropolitan Water Reclamation District of Greater Chicago to control the outflow of the Sanitary and Ship Canal and limit the diversion of water from Lake Michigan into the Des Plaines River.
History.
The Chicago Sanitary and Ship Canal reached Lockport, Illinois in the 1890s. As part of this construction, a lock and dam was built in Lockport. Seven waste gates, used to control the level of water in the canal and Des Plaines River, were part of this project. From 1903 to 1907, the canal was extended from Lockport to Joliet. Construction on the Lockport Powerhouse began as part of this extension in 1905. Designed by Frederick L. Barrett, the red-roofed Beaux Arts powerhouse was constructed with concrete blocks coursed to resemble stone. The powerhouse featured four Francis-style turbines to generate electrical power, capable of generating . These turbines have since been replaced with two vertical Kaplan-style turbines. The powerhouse was also the home of the waste gate controls. The lock and gates were designed to manage a drop in canal elevation between the two municipalities.
A second phase of construction occurred from 1922 to 1933 to handle differing water loads following the opening of the Ohio River Standard Navigation Lock. First operational in 1907, the powerhouse is now recognized as the oldest hydroelectric plant in Illinois. The Lockport Lock, Dam and Power House Historic District was recognized by the National Park Service with a listing on the National Register of Historic Places on March 10, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="2840228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840228" title="John Mulcahy">
John Mulcahy

John Joseph Francis Mulcahy (July 20, 1876 - November 19, 1942) was the winner of the 1904 Olympic double scull event with his partner William Varley. The duo also won the silver medal in the pair without coxswain event. Mulchay was one of the most accomplished rowers to come from the New York City area and served as president of the Atalanta Boat Club (established in 1848) on New York City's Harlem River. He graduated from Fordham University in 1894 and established Fordham's first rowing team in 1915.

</doc>
<doc id="2840234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840234" title="Catshead">
Catshead

A catshead (alternatively cat's head or cats head) is an architectural feature commonly found on multi-storied mills, agricultural buildings, and factories, composed of a small extension protruding from the gable end of a larger roof.
A grist mill with a single main roof and catsheads at each end vaguely resembles a cat's head in sillohuette, with the catsheads forming the "ears" of the imaginary feline; this may be the origin of the name.
Catsheads originally existed to protect the ropes and pulleys associated with lifting equipment (such as the block and tackle rigs used to shift multi-ton milling equipment and the simple wheel pulleys used to lift fodder into haylofts) from ice and the corrosion and rot caused by rain.
Adding the protective catshead to the gable end of an existing roofline made roofing tasks simpler, and conserved building supplies by eliminating the flashing that would be required by a completely separate roof.
Whimsical architectural styles (such as Queen Anne) may also sport catsheads as non-functional decorative features.

</doc>
<doc id="2840237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840237" title="Csongrád County (former)">
Csongrád County (former)

Csongrád (Hungarian: "Csongrád", Serbian: "Čongrad" or "Чонград") was an administrative county (comitatus) of the Kingdom of Hungary. Its territory, which was smaller than that of present Csongrád county, is now in southern Hungary and northern Serbia. The capital of the county was Szentes.
Name.
The name Csongrád/Čongrad is Slavic by origin. In Slavic languages, this name means "a black city" (čon/čorni = black, grad = city/town). Indeed, the county was named after a town of Csongrád.
Geography.
Csongrád county shared borders with the Hungarian counties Pest-Pilis-Solt-Kiskun, Jász-Nagykun-Szolnok, Békés, Csanád, Torontál and Bács-Bodrog. The river Tisza flowed through the county. Its area was 3,544 km² around 1910.
History.
Csongrád county arose in the 11th century as one of the first comitatus of the Kingdom of Hungary. It was taken by the Ottoman Empire in the 16th century, and by the Habsburg Monarchy in the end of the 17th century.
In 1920, the Treaty of Trianon assigned a small part of the territory of the county (a small area around Horgoš in northern Vojvodina) to the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes (renamed to Yugoslavia in 1929). The rest remained in Hungary.
After World War II, the southern part of former Csanád-Arad-Torontál county (the Hungarian part of pre-1918 Torontál county and the south-western part of pre-1918 Csanád county) was added to Csongrád county.
Demographics.
1900.
In 1900, the county had a population of 296,111 people and was composed of the following linguistic communities:
Total:
According to the census of 1900, the county was composed of the following religious communities:
Total:
1910.
In 1910, the county had a population of 325,568 people and was composed of the following linguistic communities:
Total:
According to the census of 1910, the county was composed of the following religious communities:
Total:
Subdivisions.
In the early 20th century, the subdivisions of Csongrád county were: 

</doc>
<doc id="2840247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840247" title="Bracken's World">
Bracken's World

"Bracken's World" is an American drama series broadcast on NBC from September 19, 1969 to December 25, 1970. The series was created and produced by Dorothy Kingsley.
Synopsis.
The series centers on a powerful head of Century Studios and a group of up-and-coming starlets. During the first season, Eleanor Parker received top billing as Sylvia Caldwell, executive secretary to John Bracken, who was sometimes heard but never seen, but Parker left the series after the first 16 episodes, citing the limited nature of her role. Warren Stevens provided the voice of the unseen Bracken. When the second season began, Leslie Nielsen joined the cast to portray Bracken.
Other cast members included Elizabeth Allen, Dennis Cole, Jeanne Cooper, Peter Haskell, Linda Harrison, Karen Jensen, Madlyn Rhue, and Laraine Stephens. Many film stars made cameo appearances.
"Bracken's World" was cancelled midway through its second season.
In Pop Culture.
The show was mentioned in "Mad Men" S7/E1: "Time Zones", when Megan Draper's agent told her she'd received a call back for the "Bracken's World" pilot.

</doc>
<doc id="2840253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840253" title="Oriental despotism">
Oriental despotism

Oriental despotism is a despotic form of government that runs counter to the western tradition in some way or other. Historically, the term's meaning has varied and today it is hardly ever used at all, largely because of all the issues surrounding the concept of "orientalism".
Ancient Greece and Ancient Rome.
Of all the ancient Greeks, Aristotle was perhaps the most influential promoter of the concept of "oriental despotism"; his student, Alexander the Great who conquered Persia, ruled by the "despotic" Darius III last king of the Achaemenid dynasty. Aristotle asserted that oriental despotism is based not on force, but on consent. Hence, fear cannot be said to be its motive force, instead the power of the despot master feeds upon the servile nature of those enslaved. Among Greek society, a man is free, capable of holding office and ruling and being ruled; among the barbarians, all are slaves by nature. Another difference Aristotle espoused was based on climates. He observed that the peoples of cold countries, especially those of Europe, are full of spirit, but deficient in skill and intelligence; and that the peoples of Asia, although endowed with skill and intelligence, are deficient in spirit, and hence are subjected to slavery. Possessing both spirit and intelligence the Greeks are free to govern all other peoples (Politics 7.1327b [http://www.perseus.tufts.edu/cgi-bin/ptext?doc=Perseus%3Atext%3A1999.01.0058;query=section%3D%23158;layout=;loc=7.1327a]).
For the historian Herodotus, it is the way of the Orient to be ruled by autocrats and, even though "Oriental", the character faults of despots are no more pronounced than the ordinary man's - but they are given much greater opportunity for indulgence. The story of "Croesus of Lydia" is a case in point. Leading up to Alexander's expansion into Asia, most Greeks were repelled by the Oriental notion of a sun-king, and the divine law that Oriental societies accepted. Herodotus's version of history advocated a society where men became free when they consented lawfully to the social contract of their respective city-state.
Edward Gibbon suggested that the increasing use of Oriental-style despotism by the Roman emperors was a major factor in the fall of the Roman Empire, particularly from the reign of Elagabalus:
As the attention of the new emperor was diverted by the most trifling amusements, he wasted many months in his luxurious progress from Syria to Italy, passed at Nicomedia his first winter after his victory, and deferred till the ensuing summer his triumphal entry into the capital. A faithful picture, however, which preceded his arrival, and was placed by his immediate order over the altar of Victory in the senate-house, conveyed to the Romans the just but unworthy resemblance of his person and manners. He was drawn in his sacerdotal robes of silk and gold, after the loose flowing fashion of the Medes and Phoenicians; his head was covered with a lofty tiara, his numerous collars and bracelets were adorned with gems of an inestimable value. His eyebrows were tinged with black, and his cheeks painted with an artificial red and white. The grave senators confessed with a sigh, that, after having long experienced the stern tyranny of their own countrymen, Rome was at length humbled beneath the effeminate luxury of Oriental despotism. ("The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire", Book One, Chapter Six)
Marxist ontology.
In Marxist ontology, Oriental despotism is the quality of the large cities of the Middle East and Asia, which would not have been truly independent, mainly due to their geographical location.
The premise, according to Marx, is that there existed some forms of state, which were ruled by tribute-collecting despots based on the system of production-property relations, described as ""Asiatic mode of production"." Oriental despotism is, thus, the political superstructure that was developed in succession. It was explained to have prevented states from progressing, or, as Marx said, ""Asia fell asleep in history"." Dynasties might have changed, but overall the structure of the state remained the same - until an outside force (i.e. Western powers) artificially enforces "progressive" reforms.
Within such socio-economic formations, the most obvious of which being the agrarian-based empires of Ancient Egypt and China, an absolute ruler farmed out the right to collect tribute from peasant villagers to a hierarchy of provincial petty officials, who also had responsibility for organizing the construction and maintenance of extensive irrigation works, upon which agricultural production was dependent. Extorting tribute from village communities became the universal mode of enrichment by the ruling class of military-priestly nobles.

</doc>
<doc id="2840259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840259" title="The Most Deadly Game">
The Most Deadly Game

The Most Deadly Game is an American drama television series that ran for 12 episodes on ABC from 1970 to 1971. The series was produced by Aaron Spelling Productions, with Aaron Spelling as the executive producer. It stars Yvette Mimieux, Ralph Bellamy, and George Maharis.
Overview.
The series follows the lives of three criminologists who only take on high profile cases.

</doc>
<doc id="2840261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840261" title="Religious rejection of politics">
Religious rejection of politics

Religious rejection of politics is a philosophy that can be found in several religions, such as Christianity, Islam, Taoism, Hinduism, and Buddhism. Followers of this philosophy may withdraw from politics for several reasons, including the view that politics is artificial, divisionary, or corrupt.
Several religious groups reject any involvement in politics. Many Taoists have rejected political involvement on the grounds that it is insincere or artificial and a life of contemplation in nature is more preferable, while some ascetic schools of Hinduism or Buddhism also reject political involvement for similar reasons. In Christianity, some groups like Jehovah's Witnesses, the Amish, Hutterites, and the Exclusive Brethren may reject politics on the grounds that they believe Christ's statements about the kingdom not being of the world mean that earthly politics can or should be rejected. 
In other religious systems it can relate to a rejection of nationalism or even the concept of nations. In certain schools of Islamic thinking nations are a creation of Western imperialism and ultimately all Muslims should be united religiously in the ummah. Therefore Muslims should be in hijra as nations, in the Western sense, are basically deemed apostate. There are some aspects of the early days of the radical Takfir wal-Hijra that hint at this. Likewise various Christian denominations reject any involvement in national issues considering it to be a kind of idolatry called statolatry. Most Christians who rejected the idea of nations have associated with the Christian Left. 
Lastly, some religions do not specifically reject politics per se, but believe existing political systems are so inherently corrupt they must be ignored. In some respects the view of governments as apostate relates to that. Also in its early stages many in the Nation of Islam rejected the idea of voting as the US political system was rejected in strong terms. Although in recent decades this view has declined in popularity amongst them or been outright rejected. 
In the United States, a recent survey indicated that 2% of those who did not register to vote cited religious reasons. The same survey reported that 22% of Americans are not registered to vote.

</doc>
<doc id="2840270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840270" title="Bangkok Noi District">
Bangkok Noi District

Bangkok Noi (; ) is one of the 50 districts (Khet) of Bangkok, Thailand. Neighboring districts are (from north clockwise) Bang Phlat, Phra Nakhon (across Chao Phraya River), Bangkok Yai, Phasi Charoen, and Taling Chan.
History.
Bangkok Noi was established as an amphoe on 15 October 1915. Originally named Amphoe Ammarin, it was renamed on 11 July 1916 to Amphoe Bangkok Noi to match with the historical name of the area. It became a khet in 1972 when Thonburi and Bangkok were merged. Later on 9 November 1989 the Bang Phlat district was created from four of Bangkok Noi's sub-districts, leaving Bangkok Noi with four remaining sub-districts: Siri Rat, Ban Chang Lo, Bang Khun Non, and Bang Khun Si. On 12 December 1991 a small part of Bang Phlat district was moved back to Bangkok Noi, creating the new Arun Amarin sub-district.
Places.
The National Museum of Royal Barges on the northern rim of Khlong Bangkok Noi near its mouth to the Chao Phraya River houses the royal barges, used for Thailand's Royal Barge Processions on very special events, like 200th anniversary of Bangkok or the 60th anniversary of the accession of King Bhumibol Adulyadej.
On the other side of the khlong is the Siriraj Hospital, which was the first western hospital in Thailand. It was originally named Wang Lang hospital, as it was built on the site of a palace (Thai: "Wang"), it was later renamed after Prince Siriraj Kakuta Bhandu, the beloved son of King Rama V, who died of dysentery only 18 months old. The hospital also houses several exhibitions, like the forensic museum. 
Directly next to the hospital is the Bangkok Noi Railway Station (or the former Thonburi Railway Station), which serves the trains to the west, especially to Kanchanaburi. It was built in 1900 in European style. During World War II the Japanese used it as their logistics base and thus the station was destroyed. It was rebuilt in same style after the war. In 2003 the railway station was moved one kilometer westwards and the old building is now unused. The cleared space is allocated for expansion of the Siriraj hospital, however currently only used as a parking lot.
Wat Suwannaram Ratchaworawihan, also located at the southern rim of the Khlong, was originally called Wat Thong and dates back to Ayutthaya times. King Rama I had the temple restored and renamed it to its present name. It was a royal cremation site in the early Bangkok period, however the cremation site has been torn down and is now the location of the Bangkok Noi district office. The temple is most famous due to the murals, which are considered the most artistic of that time. In the Suwannaram Witthayakhom School next to the temple is also the district museum.
Wat Rakhang Kositaram Woramahawihan is a major temple near the Chao Phraya river. It dates back to Ayutthaya times, when it was named Bangwayai. During the renovations done by King Rama I a huge bell was found and moved to Wat Phra Kaew, five smaller bells were installed in the temple as replacement. The bell also gave the temple its name, as "Rakang" is the Thai word for bell.
Economy.
Traditional businesses.
Bangkok Noi is known for several traditional goods and handicrafts, though most have disappeared.
Shopping.
The only major shopping center is Central Plaza Pinklao with a Central Department Store on Borom Rat Chonnani Road. Across the street from Central Pinklao is Major Cineplex. The multiplex cinema, which is actually in Bang Phlat district, is surrounded by many small shops selling low-cost clothes and other fashion items. 
Supermarkets in the district include a Foodland and a Makro store, both on Charan Sanitwong road.
Symbols.
The district seals shows the head of the royal barge Sri Suphunahongsa. The slogan of the district is "Resonant Wat Rakang, historical Wang Lang, Royal barges and railway are renowned, lively khlong, inherited stone-polished bowl, Buddha image cast, and abundant ancient wats".
Administration.
The district is sub-divided into 5 sub-districts ("Kwaeng").

</doc>
<doc id="2840272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840272" title="Open O">
Open O

Open o (majuscule: ', minuscule: ') is a letter of the extended Latin alphabet. In the International Phonetic Alphabet, it represents the open-mid back rounded vowel. It is used in the orthographies of many African languages using the African reference alphabet.
Unicode.
In Windows, the lower case can be typed by holding the Alt key and typing +254 and the capital by holding the Alt key and typing (?).
On the Mac OS U.S.Extended keyboard, and can be typed with Option-colon followed by 'c' or 'C'.
Similar letters.
The letter looks like a reversed letter 'C'. Claudius introduced a Ɔ (the "antisigma") with the intention of replacing "bs" and "ps".
The Yucatec Maya language used Ɔ as a consonant in the orthography of the Colonial period. Now "dz" or "tz'" is preferred.

</doc>
<doc id="2840274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840274" title="Dee C. Lee">
Dee C. Lee

Dee C. Lee (born Diane Catherine Sealy, 6 June 1961, Balham, South London) is an English Soul, R&B and pop singer.
Career.
Lee was a backing vocalist for the pop group Wham! in the early 1980s, but she left the group to work as a solo artist and also to join Paul Weller's band, The Style Council. She was later married to Weller for ten years (but now divorced), they have two children, Leah and Natt. Natt appeared on stage with his father at Hammersmith Apollo aged 12.
Following her departure from Wham!, Lee released her first solo single, "Selina Wow Wow", in 1983. Despite considerable airplay, the single failed to reach the UK Singles Chart. In 1984, she then worked with The Style Council and appeared on their debut album "Café Bleu" (released as "My Ever Changing Moods" in North America). Lee can be heard on the tracks "Headstart for Happiness," "It Didn't Matter," "The Lodgers," "Walls Come Tumbling Down," and "Shout to the Top." Lee continued to record solo material during this time, but singles "Yippee Yi Yay!" and "Don't Do It Baby" failed to chart.
In 1985, after the release of the second Style Council album "Our Favourite Shop", and a stint working with the band Animal Nightlife, Lee released another solo single; the self-penned ballad "See the Day". The single became a hit and peaked at No. 3 in the UK chart in December 1985, selling a quarter of a million copies in the UK alone, and earning Lee a silver disc. Twenty years later, the song was covered by Girls Aloud, their version peaking at No. 9 on the UK Singles Chart in December 2005.
Lee's follow-up singles, a cover of Judie Tzuke's "Come Hell Or Waters High" and "Hold On" failed to make the UK Top 40. All tracks were featured on her 1986 album, "Shrine".
Throughout the rest of the 1980s, Lee continued to work with The Style Council on their albums "The Cost of Loving" (1987) and "Confessions of a Pop Group" (1988). She also worked with the band on their 1989 recording "", but this album was rejected by the band's label, Polydor, and did not see a release until almost ten years later, when it was included in the boxed set, "The Complete Adventures of The Style Council".
Between 1989 and 1991, Lee teamed up with Robert Howard of The Blow Monkeys to form Slam Slam. They achieved a number of minor UK club successes including "Move (Dance All Night)" and "Free Your Feelings", the latter produced by Young Disciples. In 1993, Lee later collaborated with Gang Starr frontman Guru, on a single from his solo project Jazzmatazz called "No Time to Play" on which also featured Ronny Jordan. It peaked at No. 25 in the UK in November 1993. Later in the 1990s, Lee released two further solo albums; "Things Will Be Sweeter" (1994) and "Smiles" (1998).
In 2006, Lee had a small part as a pop star in the comedy film "Rabbit Fever". In September 2007, Lee performed her hit "See The Day" on ITV1's "Loose Women" show. In September 2007 she also performed at a charity event in aid of combatting domestic violence, a cause close to her heart.
Lee also played the part of Preaching Nut-Nut in a 2008 short film, "The Town that Boars Me". It tells the tale of a Pig Boy created by the lonely town butcher. The Pig Boy, now banished from the town, returns at nightfall to torment the local women and satisfy his insatiable fetish for high-heeled shoes. It also starred Kelly Osbourne, Sadie Frost, Lee's son Natt Weller, Zandra Rhodes and Sophie Ellis-Bextor. The film was released in London on 28 August 2008.
On 31 May 2009, Lee joined ex-Level 42 musicians, Mike Lindup and Phil Gould, to play a comeback gig with a collective called 'Favoured Nations'. The gig took place at Ginglik, Shepherd's Bush, London. On 11 October 2009, she played a gig at Dingwalls in Camden Town.
Lee played two concerts in 2010. The first was on 30 April 2010, at Pizza on the Park, Hyde Park Corner, London and the second on 31 December at Shades of Soul, New Year's Eve Extravaganza, Live Funk and Soul at The Pheasantry. This featured Lee, Louise (Funk Affair) and Nathan Watson. The setlist was:- "Things Will be Sweeter", "See The Day", "Walk Away From the Floor", "It's Gonna Be Alright", "No Time To Play", "Set Your Spirit Free" and "Come Hell or Waters High".

</doc>
<doc id="2840276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840276" title="The Headmaster">
The Headmaster

The Headmaster may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2840278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840278" title="Luis Monti">
Luis Monti

Luis Felipe Monti (May 15, 1901 – September 9, 1983) was an Italian Argentine footballer who played as a midfielder. Monti has the distinction of having played in two FIFA World Cup final matches with two different national teams. He played the first of these finals with his native Argentina in 1930, which he lost to Uruguay; and the second with Italy as one of their "Oriundi" in 1934. This second time Monti was on the winning side in a 2–1 victory over Czechoslovakia.
Monti was a rugged and ruthless player, but had the technical skills to go with his strong tackling. He played as an attacking centre half in the old-fashioned "Metodo" system: a position roughly equivalent to the defensive central midfield position of today. As such he would mark the opposing centre forward when his team were defending, but would be the main midfield playmaker when his team were on the attack. He was nicknamed "doble ancho" (double wide) due to his coverage of the pitch.
Career.
Argentina.
Monti started his career in 1921 with Huracán, where he won the first of his many championships. The following year he signed with Boca Juniors but left without playing a game. He joined San Lorenzo where he won a further three Argentine championships. All of Monti's honours in Argentina were recorded during the Amateur Era.
Monti was first called up to represent the Argentine national team in 1924. He won the 1927 South American Championship and the Silver Medal at the 1928 Summer Olympics. With Monti as a key player, Argentina cruised to the World Cup final in 1930, defeating France, Mexico, Chile, and the United States. Monti scored two goals along the way, and injured opponents with his tackling. Some sources speculate that Monti was carrying an injury, but whatever the truth, and despite a death threat, he had a quiet game as Uruguay triumphed 4–2.
Italy.
In 1931 Monti was signed by the Italian club Juventus, as he had Italian citizenship. As he was overweight and out of condition, he had a month's solitary training. Monti was back to top form helping Juventus to four consecutive Serie A titles (1932 to 1935). Monti went on to play 225 matches and score 19 goals in Italy.
He was also called up, within a year, to play for the Italian national team as an "oriundo". Hosts Italy won their way to the 1934 World Cup final and defeated Czechoslovakia 2–1.
The Battle of Highbury.
The Battle of Highbury is a match that took place between Italy and England on November 14, 1934 at Highbury, the home ground of Arsenal. Monti was playing centre half for Italy, but as early as the second minute he broke a bone in his foot after a clash with England centre forward Ted Drake. Down to 10 men, in the days before substitutes, Italy succumbed 2–3. Monti was only to play twice more for Italy.
In total Monti won 16 caps (5 goals) for Argentina between 1924 and 1931, and 18 caps (1 goal) for Italy between 1932 and 1936.
After football.
Monti became manager after retiring. He died in 1983 aged 82.
International goals.
Argentina's goal tally first

</doc>
<doc id="2840281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840281" title="Enrique Coria">
Enrique Coria

Enrique "Quique" Coria (coh-rhia) is a guitarist from Dique Los Molinos, Argentina. He has appeared on over 400 recordings in South America and the US including with David Grisman's DGQ (David Grisman Quintet).
He speaks both Spanish and English and currently resides in Oakland, California with his wife, singer, Yolanda Aranda. He has two children from his first marriage, the eldest being Carol and ten years younger, Raymundo Coria.

</doc>
<doc id="2840300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840300" title="Conservatism in North America">
Conservatism in North America

Conservatism in North America is a political philosophy that varies in form, depending on the country and the region, but that has similar themes and goals. Academic study into the differences and similarities between conservatism in North American countries has been undertaken on numerous occasions. For three days in May 2002, a conference was held at the University of Augsburg which was dedicated to this very topic. There were two main concepts discussed at the conference. The first concept was the connection between the brand of conservatism arising in the 1980s and the 1990s and social democracy. The second concept was simply an exploration of the differences and similarities between conservatism in Canada and the United States. Some feminist scholars have suggested that the prevalence of conservatism throughout North America has resulted in the continent's general post-feminist stance. Reginald Bibby has asserted that the primary reason that conservatism has been so strong and enduring throughout North America is because of the propagation of religious values from generation to generation. This connection is strongest in mainstream Protestantism in the United States and both Protestantism and Roman Catholicism in Canada.
According to Louis Hartz, nations that developed from settler colonies were European "fragments" that froze the class structure and underlying ideology prevalent in the mother country at the time of their foundation. He considered Latin America and French Canada to be fragments of feudal Europe, and the United States and English Canada as liberal fragments. However Gad Horowitz, writing that Hartz had acknowledged a Tory influence in English Canada, claimed a conservative tradition had developed there as well. American conservatism is generally considered to be a variety of liberalism, rather than true conservatism, although Canada also developed an American style conservatism that competed with the older Tory conservatism. A right-wing conservatism, or "Latin conservatism", developed in Latin America and Quebec. Today, conservative and conservative liberal parties in North America cooperate through the International Democrat Union.
Northern America.
Canada.
In Canada, political conservatism is generally considered to be primarily represented by the Conservative Party of Canada at the federal level, and by various right-leaning parties at the provincial level. The first party calling itself "Conservative" in what would become Canada was elected in the Province of Canada election of 1854.
Canadian conservatism has always been rooted in a preference for the traditional and established ways of doing things, even as it has shifted in economic, foreign and social policy. Like Edmund Burke, they rejected the sense of both ideology and revolution, preferring pragmatism and evolution. It is for that reason that unlike in the conservatives in the United States, Canadian conservatives are generally not republicans, preferring the monarchy and Westminster system of government. (Note: The United States of America is a federal republic, while Canada is a constitutional monarchy, a distinction resulting from the American Revolution and its aftermath.)
United States.
Conservatism is a major political ideology in the United States. In contemporary American politics, it is often associated with the Republican Party. Core conservative principles include a belief in God and country, and many U.S. conservatives support a fiscal policy rooted in small government, laissez faire capitalism, and supply-side economics. In foreign policy, American conservatives usually advocate some moderate aspects of "American exceptionalism", a belief that the U.S. is unique among nations and that its standing and actions do and should guide the course of world history.
Although there has always been a conservative tradition in America, the modern American conservative movement was popularized by Russell Kirk who, in 1953, published "The Conservative Mind". Two years later, in 1955, William F. Buckley, Jr. founded "National Review", a conservative magazine that included traditionalists, such as Kirk, along with libertarians and anti-communists. This bringing together of separate ideologies under a conservative umbrella was known as "fusionism". Politically, the conservative movement in the U.S. has often been a coalition of various groups, which has sometimes contributed to its electoral success and other times been a source of internal conflict.
Modern conservatism saw its first national political success with the 1964 nomination of Barry Goldwater, a U.S. Senator from Arizona and author of "The Conscience of a Conservative" (1960), as the Republican candidate for president. In 1980, the conservative movement was able to attract disaffected Southern Democrats, Cold War liberal Democrats, and evangelical Christians, to nominate and elect the Republican candidate Ronald Reagan, a self-identified American conservative, as president. Subsequent electoral victories included gaining a Republican congressional majority in 1994 and the election of George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004. 
The conservative movement has been advanced by influential think tanks such as the Heritage Foundation, Hoover Institution, Hudson Institute and Manhattan Institute. Major media outlets, such as The Wall Street Journal, Fox News, The Washington Times, and Townhall.com, are often described as conservative.
The two major American political parties, the Democrats and the Republicans, have become increasingly polarized, with the Democrats described as "liberal" and "left wing" and the Republicans as "conservative" and "right wing".
Mexico.
In Mexico, political conservatism originally arose in reaction to the Mexican War of Independence. Because of his prominence in the Mexican Conservative Party, Lucas Alamán has been called "the most organized intelligence behind Conservatism in Mexico." Throughout the presidency of Miguel Alemán Valdés between 1946 and 1983, the politics of the country experienced a significant shift towards conservatism. Gastón García Cantú has performed the most extensive study of Mexican conservatism to date.
Central America.
Before the 1930s, Central American countries generally had dichotomous politics divided along conservative-liberal lines, but the effects of the Great Depression in the area caused most of these opposing parties to merge in order to maintain authority. Traditionally, political conservatism in the area has been ideologically linked with Protestantism, but this connection has been questioned in recent years. One of the most prominent historical representatives of conservatism in Central America was Rafael Carrera, the first President of Guatemala. Not only did he effectively suppress liberal reforms in his own country, but he contributed greatly to the unity and influence of conservatism in each of the countries throughout Central America.
Belize.
Belize is generally a conservative country as demonstrated by their laws which make abortion and male homosexuality illegal. The primary conservative party in Belize since the country's first parliamentary election as an independent state in 1984 has been the United Democratic Party. Nonetheless, the other major political party, the People's United Party, has a very similar political ideology. Historically, both parties have tended to be more conservative while in power than when in opposition.
Guatemala.
Conservatism in Guatemala has always been closely linked with the country's Roman Catholic clergy. Between the declaration of Guatemala's independence in 1821 and the Liberal Revolution of 1871, the country's politics were dominated by conservatism. In the mid-twentieth century, Francisco Javier Arana served as a unifying force for conservatives in Guatemala after his own presidency.
Panama.
When Panama was separated from Colombia in 1903, the newly independent country of Panama was initially controlled by a military junta led by José Agustín Arango and Manuel Amador Guerrero. Although the junta included a few token liberal members, the administration was heavily conservative. Politics in the country were strongly divided along conservative-liberal lines in the following years. As early as 1905, the liberals accused the conservatives of electoral fraud. Conservatives maintained power through fraudulent elections until a military coup in 1968.
Caribbean.
The main conservative political body in the Caribbean is the Caribbean Democrat Union (CDU) which was formed in 1986 by Anglo-Caribbean leaders to unify conservative political parties in the region. The CDP is a suborganization of the International Democrat Union (IDU). In "Beyond a Boundary", C. L. R. James argues that the influence of cricket and English literature have been instrumental in strengthening conservativism in the Caribbean.
Cuba.
In the early 20th century, the concept of conservatism was not well-defined in Cuban politics. In 1913, Mario García Menocal became the third President of Cuba and the first Cuban president representing the Conservative Party of Cuba when the Liberal Party of Cuba split between supporters of Alfredo Zayas y Alfonso and supporters of José Miguel Gómez. Still, the conservative-liberal distinction fails to address many of the major political issues in Cuban governmental history.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2840303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840303" title="Schempp-Hirth Nimbus-4">
Schempp-Hirth Nimbus-4

The Schempp-Hirth Nimbus-4 is a family of high-performance FAI Open Class gliders designed by Klaus Holighaus and manufactured by Schempp-Hirth Flugzeugbau GmbH in Kirchheim, Germany. The Nimbus-4 first flew in 1990.
Design and development.
The Nimbus-4 family is a direct derivative of its predecessors at the highest performance end of the Schempp-Hirth product range, the Nimbus-2 and Nimbus-3. In total , 44 single-seat and 100 two-seat models had been produced. The wing has a multi-tapered planform and the wingspan was increased to 26.5 metres. The aspect ratio is 38.8. The fuselage was also lengthened, and a larger rudder was fitted.
The manufacturer claims this glider has a glide ratio of better than 60:1 at a best glide airspeed of 110 km/h (59 knots), meaning it can glide over 60 kilometres on course for every 1000 metres of altitude lost in still air. 
There is a two seat version, the 4D, and motor glider versions with either turbo engines (designation T) or self-launching engines (designation M).
Nimbus-4DM.
The Nimbus-4DM is typical of the Nimbus-4 design, except for variations in cockpit and powerplant configuration and associated operating limitations. It is a 2-seat, high-performance motorized glider, constructed from fiber reinforced plastic (FRP) composites, featuring full span flight controls and a T-tail (with fixed horizontal stabilizer and two-piece elevator). The manufacturing process uses a hand lay-up of composite material plies and epoxy resins.
The wing's 26.5-meter (87-foot) span consists of three sections per side, consisting of a wing tip, outboard section, and inboard section. The inboard sections mate at the fuselage and the outer wing sections mate with the inboard sections approximately 12.6 feet outboard of the fuselage root chord. The wing shells are a carbon fiber/foam core sandwich construction with one main spar constructed of a glass fiber/foam core shear web and carbon fiber spar flanges. A single-vane flap spans the entire inboard wing section. Three sections of ailerons (that is, inboard, center, and outboard) span the outboard wing section with a fourth aileron, used to minimize the effects of adverse yaw, attached to the wing tip.
The forward fuselage (cockpit) is constructed of Kevlar, carbon and glass fiber laminate, reinforced by a double skin on the sides with integrated surrounding canopy frame and seat pan mounting flanges. The single-piece canopy hinges sideways and opens to the right. The aft fuselage section is constructed of a pure carbon fiber monolithic shell, stiffened by carbon fiber/foam core bulkheads and glass fiber webs.
The horizontal stabilizer is constructed of glass fiber/foam core sandwich with carbon fiber reinforcements. The elevator halves are a hybrid composite (carbon and glass fiber) monolithic shell. The vertical stabilizer is carbon fiber/foam core sandwich construction. The single-piece rudder is constructed of glass fiber/foam core sandwich.
The flight controls are all push/pull tubes except for the rudder, which is controlled via cables.
The Nimbus-4DM is powered by a liquid-cooled 44 kW Bombardier (Rotax) model 535C engine with a 3:1 belt reduction drive. The powerplant is housed in the fuselage immediately aft of the wing. An electrically driven spindle drive (jackscrew) extends the propeller pylon upwards and forward from the engine bay. When stowed, two doors mounted to the rear fuselage conceal the powerplant. The jackscrew is attached between the airframe and the upper forward end of the pylon such that when the jackscrew is retracted (shortened) the pylon is pulled upwards and forward into its flight position.
A 4DM holds the world record for speed over a 500 km course - 306.8 km/h (190.6 mph) which is in excess of its Vne. It was flown by Klaus Ohlmann and Matias Garcia Mazzaro on 22 December 2006.
Accident history.
U.S. National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) investigators queried the German Luftfahrt-Bundesamt (LBA), Germany's equivalent of the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) regarding the accident history of the Nimbus-4DM in conjunction with a 1999 accident near Minden, Nevada where both occupants of the aircraft were killed. In this accident, the glider broke up in flight during the recovery phase after a departure from controlled flight while maneuvering in thermal lift conditions. Airborne witnesses in other gliders who saw the beginning of the accident sequence said the glider was in a tight turn, as if climbing in a thermal, when it entered a spiral. With a 45-degree nose-down attitude, the speed quickly built up as the glider completed two full rotations. The rotation then stopped, the flight stabilized on a northeasterly heading, and the nose pitched further down to a near-vertical attitude (this is consistent with the spin recovery technique specified in the Aircraft Flight Manual (AFM)). The glider was observed to level its attitude, with the wings bending upward and the wing tips coning higher, when the outboard wing tip panels departed from the glider, the wings disintegrated, and the fuselage dove into the ground. Several witnesses estimated that the wing deflection reached 45 degrees or more before the wings failed. Examination of the wreckage disclosed that the left and right outboard wing sections failed symmetrically at two locations. 
In this case, the NTSB determined "that the probable cause of this accident was the pilot's excessive use of the elevator control during recovery from an inadvertently entered spin and/or spiral dive during which the glider exceeded the maximum permissible speed, which resulted in the overload failure of the wings at loadings beyond the structure's ultimate design loads."
There were then only three previous accidents worldwide on file with the Federal Bureau of Aircraft Accidents Investigation (BFU), Germany's equivalent of the NTSB. The first was a non-injury long landing accident in Fayence, France, on September 4, 1994. The second involved a collision with the ground during takeoff in Fuentemilanos, Spain, on July 27, 1997, which resulted in two fatalities. The improper installation of the horizontal stabilizer led to the third accident in Lüsse, Germany, on June 13, 1999, in which two occupants were injured during an attempted takeoff when the stabilizer separated from the empennage just after liftoff.
Regarding other service/accident experience with the Nimbus-4 family of gliders, the BFU has recorded four incidents/accidents with the single-seat versions. Three events are known of non-injury accidents during off-field landings, and one fatal accident was due to collision with a mountain.
Additionally, during training for the World Gliding Championships in New Zealand in 1995, a Nimbus-4 (owned by the French Air Force) was destroyed in a midair breakup accident. The glider entered a wave cloud, lost control, and broke up at a speed beyond 400 km/h (The never exceed speed, or "Vne" is 285 km/h, and the design dive speed, or "Vd", is 324 km/h). The pilot survived by bailing out.
According to the LBA, "As far as we know, none of the incidents/accidents recorded indicated a technical failure."
NTSB investigators became aware of another accident involving a Nimbus-4DM that occurred in Spain shortly after the Minden, Nevada, accident. According to the Comisión de Investigación de Accidentes e Incidentes de Aviación Civil, Spain's equivalent of the NTSB, the glider broke up in flight following a high-speed excursion beyond Vne. According to preliminary information supplied by the Spanish authorities, the pilot stated they were in a turn when a heavy thermal caused the glider to enter a steep descending spiral. The pilot could not recover the aircraft from the spiral and the airspeed quickly exceeded Vne. The pilot then reported that the right wing failed and he bailed out.
Joint Airworthiness Requirements Certification.
The LBA issued type certificate No. 868 on July 11, 1995, certificating the Nimbus-4DM glider in the standard class, utility category. The certification basis listed on the type certificate is Joint Airworthiness Requirements (JAR) 22 for Sailplanes and Powered Sailplanes, effective June 27, 1989, inclusive of Change 4 and amendments 22/90/1, 22/91/1, and 22/92/1. Exemptions to the JARs on the type certificate included 22.201(f)(5)(ii), 22.153, 22.173(b), 22.175(a), and 22.207(a). A special compliance was established on the basis of an equivalent level of safety with JAR 22.1093(b).
Variants.
The Nimbus-4DM is a model of the "Nimbus-4 Family," which consists of single-seat and two-seat gliders and motorgliders. The different models are (production data ):

</doc>
<doc id="2840305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840305" title="Computer-assisted proof">
Computer-assisted proof

A computer-assisted proof is a mathematical proof that has been at least partially generated by computer.
Most computer-aided proofs to date have been implementations of large proofs-by-exhaustion of a mathematical theorem. The idea is to use a computer program to perform lengthy computations, and to provide a proof that the result of these computations implies the given theorem. In 1976, the four color theorem was the first major theorem to be verified using a computer program.
Attempts have also been made in the area of artificial intelligence research to create smaller, explicit, new proofs of mathematical theorems from the bottom up using machine reasoning techniques such as heuristic search. Such automated theorem provers have proved a number of new results and found new proofs for known theorems. Additionally, interactive proof assistants allow mathematicians to develop human-readable proofs which are nonetheless formally verified for correctness. Since these proofs are generally human-surveyable (albeit with difficulty, as with the proof of the Robbins conjecture) they do not share the controversial implications of computer-aided proofs-by-exhaustion.
Methods.
One method for using computers in mathematical proofs is by means of so-called validated numerics or rigorous numerics. This means computing numerically yet with mathematical rigour. One uses set-valued arithmetic and inclusion principle in order to ensure that the set-valued output of a numerical program encloses the solution of the original mathematical problem. This is done by controlling, enclosing and propagating round-off and truncation errors using for example interval arithmetic. More precisely, one reduces the computation to a sequence of elementary operations, say (+,-,*,/). In a computer, the result of each elementary operation is rounded off by the computer precision. However, one can construct an interval provided by upper and lower bounds on the result of an elementary operation. Then one proceeds by replacing numbers with intervals and performing elementary operations between such intervals of representable numbers.
Philosophical objections.
Computer-assisted proofs are the subject of some controversy in the mathematical world. Some mathematicians believe that lengthy computer-assisted proofs are not, in some sense, 'real' mathematical proofs because they involve so many logical steps that they are not practically verifiable by human beings, and that mathematicians are effectively being asked to replace logical deduction from assumed axioms with trust in an empirical computational process, which is potentially affected by errors in the computer program, as well as defects in the runtime environment and hardware.
Other mathematicians believe that lengthy computer-assisted proofs should be regarded as "calculations", rather than "proofs": the proof algorithm itself should be proved valid, so that its use can then be regarded as a mere "verification". This is known as "Poincaré's principle" in the mathematical community, after a statement by Henri Poincaré. Arguments that computer-assisted proofs are subject to errors in their source programs, compilers, and hardware can be resolved by providing a formal proof of correctness for the computer program (an approach which was successfully applied to the four-color theorem in 2005) as well as replicating the result using different programming languages, different compilers, and different computer hardware.
Another possible way of verifying computer-aided proofs is to generate their reasoning steps in a machine-readable form, and then use an automated theorem prover to demonstrate their correctness. This approach of using a computer program to prove another program correct does not appeal to computer proof skeptics, who see it as adding another layer of complexity without addressing the perceived need for human understanding.
Another argument against computer-aided proofs is that they lack mathematical elegance—that they provide no insights or new and useful concepts. In fact, this is an argument that could be advanced against any lengthy proof by exhaustion.
An additional philosophical issue raised by computer-aided proofs is whether they make mathematics into a quasi-empirical science, where the scientific method becomes more important than the application of pure reason in the area of abstract mathematical concepts. This directly relates to the argument within mathematics as to whether mathematics is based on ideas, or "merely" an exercise in formal symbol manipulation. It also raises the question whether, if according to the Platonist view, all possible mathematical objects in some sense "already exist", whether computer-aided mathematics is an observational science like astronomy, rather than an experimental one like physics or chemistry. Interestingly, this controversy within mathematics is occurring at the same time as questions are being asked in the physics community about whether twenty-first century theoretical physics is becoming too mathematical, and leaving behind its experimental roots.
The emerging field of experimental mathematics is confronting this debate head-on by focusing on numerical experiments as its main tool for mathematical exploration.
Theorems for sale.
In 2010, academics at The University of Edinburgh offered people the chance to "buy their own theorem" created through a computer-assisted proof. This new theorem would be named after the purchaser.
List of theorems proved with the help of computer programs.
Inclusion in this list does not imply that a formal computer-checked proof exists, but rather, that a computer program has been involved in some way. See the main articles for details.

</doc>
<doc id="2840308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840308" title="Brize Norton">
Brize Norton

Brize Norton is a village and civil parish east of Carterton in West Oxfordshire. The original part of RAF Brize Norton is in the parish.
Toponym.
Around the time of the Domesday Book in 1086 the village's toponym was "Norton", being the north "tun" (Old English for village) of Bampton. In 1235 the form "Suthnorton" ("South Norton") was recorded, evidently to distinguish it from other Nortons further north in Oxfordshire such as Chipping Norton. By the 1260s the form "Norton Brun" was in use, referring to the Brun or Brown family who were the parish's manorial lords. Further variants included "Brunesnorton" in 1297, "Brimes Norton" in 1303 and "Brynes Norton" in 1376, but the "Norton Brun" form outlived them and was still in use early in the 17th century. The form "Brysenorton" had appeared by 1523, and by the middle of the 17th century it had become the usual form of the name. However, "Norton Brun" had evolved into "Norton Broyne" and remained in use in church records until early in the 19th century.
Church and chapel.
The Church of England parish church of Saint Britius is Norman. The south doorway with its decorative tympanum, a doorway in the south wall of the chancel and the font date from this time. The porch is in the Transitional style from Norman to Early English Gothic, which suggests that it was added slightly later. Early in the 13th century the north aisle was added, with a four-bay Early English Gothic arcade linking it with the nave. In the second half of the 13th century the bell tower was added at the west end of the north aisle and the present east window of three lancets was inserted in the chancel. A chapel forms an eastward continuation of the north aisle. Two of its windows are original 13th century lancets; two square-headed windows were added in the 14th century and the east window of the chapel is modern. The Gothic Revival architect G.E. Street restored the building in 1868.
The tower has a ring of six bells but they are currently unringable. The tenor bell was cast by Edward Neale of Burford in 1679. Three more were cast by Mears and Stainbank of the Whitechapel Bell Foundry in 1873. The two youngest bells were cast by John Warner and Sons of Cripplegate in London: one in 1881 and the present treble bell in 1884. St. Britius has also a service bell cast by Naylor, Vickers and Company of Sheffield in 1860.
Brize Norton Primitive Methodist chapel was built in 1908. It is now a private house.
Economic history.
In 1861, the East Gloucestershire Railway was built through the parish from to . The company provided a railway station south of the village on the road to Bampton, and called it Bampton station despite it being much nearer Brize Norton than Bampton. RAF Brize Norton was established in 1937. In 1944, the Great Western Railway renamed the station to reflect the increasing importance of the RAF station. British Railways closed the line and station in 1962. The site of the station is now a small industrial estate.
Amenities.
Brize Norton has two public houses: The Chequers and The Masons Arms. Brize Norton has a women's Football Club and a Women's Institute.

</doc>
<doc id="2840315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840315" title="Yer Bird Records">
Yer Bird Records

Yer Bird Records is a Calgary, Alberta (formerly Charlottesville, Virginia) based independent record label founded by Morgan King in 2004. After the release of an album by English songwriter Daniel Smith (not of the Danielson Family) did not come to fruition, King partnered with photographer Benjamin Gallman. Yer Bird Records moved from Charlottesville to Philadelphia, PA and has now settled in Calgary, Alberta, Canada starting early 2010. New label owners are Sandy & Judy Smith of which Sandy also operates the music blog Slowcoustic.
Yer Bird's first released record was Sounds Like Fall's "The Wolf is at the Door", which was released on July 7, 2005. Sounds Like Fall is the performing name of Iowan singer-songwriter Joe Young who had extensively toured the Midwest with Alternative country band Moonshine Radio. The album was distributed through Miles of Music and Carrot Top Records's CTD in the United States, and through Smart Choice in the United Kingdom.
The following year the label released North Dakotan songwriter Nic Garcia's third full-length album, "The Desperate Ones", in January 2006. Prior to releasing on Yer Bird, Garcia had both self-released ("The Blue Howl of 4 a.m." (2003), "Sheep & Wolf" (2004)) and worked with notable Midwest labels Supermedic Records ("5 Songs" (2002)) and Abandoned Scout Camp ("Great Distance", (2003)). 
To help promote an expansion of the website Yer Bird hosted a free digital download of Sounds Like Fall's "Early Recordings" which was a collection of home recordings prior to the sessions for "The Wolf is at the Door". In July 2006, Philadelphia songwriter Hezekiah Jones' (Raphael Cutrufello of StillWillis) first album, "Hezekiah Jones Says You're A-Ok", was released.
Released in 2007 was a compilation album entitled "Folk Music for the End of the World" which features tracks by notable songwriters Matthew Ryan, J. Tillman, Hayden, The Hotel Ghost (who would go on perform as Cold Specks), as well as other songwriters, with a cover painted by Kathleen Lolley (My Morning Jacket's "Z"). Following that release, in April, Yer Bird released J. Tillman's fourth full length album entitled "Cancer and Delirium". The end of 2007 saw the first EP release, Hezekiah Jones' "Come to Our Pool Party". Texan songwriter Blackbird Harmony released his second album, "Hardwood Exits", in 2008 featuring harmony and duet vocals by Bosque Brown. In October that same year, Yer Bird released The Gunshy's new albums which included the new EP "I Gave Too Much Time to the Wine" as well as all of his previous EP releases. In 2009 the third release from the label from staple Hezekiah Jones "Bread of Teeth" alongside a limited CDR pressing of newcomer Luke Elliot entitled "In Our Embrace".
The Yer Bird Aviary.
On September 8, 2008, Yer Bird launched The Aviary, a subscription-based digital offshoot of the label which provides subscribers with access to some albums by artists Yer Bird has released on CD, in addition to live recordings, demos, and full album releases by previously unaffiliated artists.
Unfortunately due to the label changing ownership and web hosting, the platform to support the Aviary project was temporarily closed on March 6, 2010. The Aviary will possibly be re-instated in the future pending resources of the label.

</doc>
<doc id="2840318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840318" title="San Francisco International Airport (TV series)">
San Francisco International Airport (TV series)

San Francisco International Airport is a television drama aired in the United States by NBC as a part of its 1970-71 wheel series "Four in One".
The series starred Lloyd Bridges as Jim Conrad, the manager of the gigantic San Francisco International Airport, which at the time the series aired was said to be handling over 15,000,000 passengers annually and employing over 35,000 persons. Bob Hatten (Clu Gulager) was his chief of security, an important role at a time when security was beginning to emerge as a real-life major issue in air transport. June (Barbara Werle) was Conrad's secretary. Airport situations drawn from real life were addressed, such as protesting demonstrators, mechanical malfunctions, and similar problems.
"San Francisico International Airport" was the second program in the "Four in One" rotation, following "McCloud". The six episodes were first shown in order from late October until early December, 1970, and were then replaced in the Wednesday night 10 PM Eastern time slot by "Night Gallery". Once "Night Gallery" and "The Psychiatrist" had completed their first runs, episodes of all four series were rerun interspersed with each other. "Night Gallery" was picked up for the next season as a stand-alone series and "McCloud" was renewed as an element in a new wheel series, "NBC Mystery Movie", but "San Francisco International Airport" and "The Psychiatrist" were cancelled with no more episodes ordered beyond the initial six.
The pilot for this series, also called "San Francisco International Airport" or simply "San Francisco International", had been aired in the spring as a TV movie before the series premiered. It was largely similar, but starred Pernell Roberts as Conrad rather than Bridges. Despite the fact that critical response was underwhelming, the six episodes that comprised the series were ordered—with the stipulation that Roberts be replaced in the starring role by Bridges. This pilot was the subject of a sixth season episode of "Mystery Science Theater 3000" in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="2840326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840326" title="Thomas Rogers (locomotive builder)">
Thomas Rogers (locomotive builder)

Thomas Rogers (1792 – 1856) was an American mechanical engineer and founder of Rogers Locomotive and Machine Works of Paterson, New Jersey. Fellow locomotive designer and builder, Zerah Colburn said that "Thomas Rogers maybe fairly said to have done more for the modern American locomotive than any of his contemporaries."
Biography.
Thomas Rogers was born in Groton, Connecticut, in 1792. Before moving to Paterson in 1812, he studied carpentry and blacksmithing. In 1832 he partnered with Morris Ketchum and Jasper Grosvenor to form Rogers, Ketchum and Grosvenor, building agricultural and textile machinery as well as springs, axles and other small parts for the first railroads of America.
In 1837 Rogers built his first locomotive, "Sandusky", which became the first locomotive to operate in Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="2840335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840335" title="The Governor &amp; J.J.">
The Governor &amp; J.J.

The Governor & J.J. is a television series that ran from September 1969 to January 1971 on CBS in the United States and in Canada, where it ran on CBC Television. Selected episodes were rerun by CBS during the summer of 1972. It was produced by Talent Associates and CBS Productions. CBS Television Distribution now owns the distribution rights to the program.
The series starred Dan Dailey and Julie Sommars. It focused on William Drinkwater (Dailey), a governor in an unnamed Midwestern state, who, in lieu of his late wife, had a "first lady" in his twenty-something year-old daughter, Jennifer Jo (Sommars). J.J., as Jennifer Jo was called, had a regular job as an assistant curator at a zoo in the capital city and had a love for animals. She was bright and opinionated and could also debate political issues with her father as well as anyone else. Despite their difference in opinions, (she was more liberal, and he was more conservative) William really loved J.J., and she proved herself to be charming and efficient in her duties being "first lady" for her widowered father. J.J. often gained support and advice from Maggie McLeod (Neva Patterson), the governor's secretary; George Callison (James T. Callahan), the Governor's press secretary, and from Sara Andrews (Nora Marlowe), the housekeeper at the Governor's Mansion, who appeared in twenty-three episodes.
Trivia.
The series won three Golden Globe Awards in 1970 for Best Comedy Series, Best Actress in a Comedy/Musical TV series for Sommars and Best Actor in a Comedy/Musical TV Series for Dailey.
Francis De Sales guest starred as Senator Loomis in the 1970 episode "Charley's Back in Town".
In real life Sommars has long been involved in politics, mostly behind the scenes with the Republican Party, even though her son Michael worked with Vice President Albert Gore's 2000 Presidential campaign.
When the program was canceled by CBS, it was replaced in its timeslot by "All in the Family".

</doc>
<doc id="2840342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840342" title="Greater Manchester Police">
Greater Manchester Police

Greater Manchester Police (GMP) is the police service responsible for law enforcement within the metropolitan county of Greater Manchester in North West England. GMP is the third largest police service in the United Kingdom after the Metropolitan Police Service and Police Scotland; and is also the second largest of the English police services.
In total, Greater Manchester Police employs; 7,565 police officers, 519 Volunteer Special Constables, 739 Police Community Support Officers, and 2,741 members of police staff. The GMP headquarters are at Central Park, on Northampton Road, in the Newton Heath area of Manchester.
History.
Greater Manchester Police had its early origins in the Metropolitan Manchester City Police which formed sometime in the 1830s, just after the Metropolitan Police Force in London. The service then changed its name to Manchester Borough Police. Upon Manchester gaining city status in 1853, the police service then changed its name again to Manchester City Police to reflect this status. The name of Manchester City Police remained for over a century until 1968 when Salford City Police was merged in Manchester City Police, resulting in the new name of Manchester and Salford Police. Then in 1974, in accordance with the Local Government Act 1972, Greater Manchester Police was formed with parts of the Cheshire Constabulary and Lancashire Constabulary merged into GMP.
The service was formed in 1974 by the amalgamation of Manchester and Salford Police with parts of Lancashire Constabulary, Cheshire Constabulary and West Yorkshire Constabulary. The first Chief Constable of the service was William James Richards, followed shortly afterwards, in 1975 by James Anderton. James Anderton was an controversial figure during his 15 years in office due to his outspoken style of leadership and hardline views on crime, policing and morality.
In 1991 David Wilmot succeeded James Anderton. In 2002 Michael Todd was appointed to Chief Constable until his death in 2008.
Police Constable Ian Rodgers was the first GMP officer to be killed in the line of duty in 1975. His death occurred in a railway incident at Stockport. Since the formation of GMP 20 officers have been killed or died in the line of duty. GMP then assisted with the reconstruction of Manchester following the 1996 Manchester bombing, with Garry Shewan.
There was much press coverage of the death of the then Chief Constable Michael J. Todd in March 2008. Todd was seen as a man of action and got more "bobbies on the beat", with himself often doing so. Following Michael J. Todd's death in post, Peter Fahy, previously head of Cheshire Police, was appointed as Chief Constable in September, 2008.
In the 1990s, Manchester had gained the deriding tag of 'Gunchester', in reference to the city's high gun crime rate at the time. Greater Manchester Police faced the problem of gun crime in Manchester, particularly in the deprived districts in south Manchester. Key gang leaders were jailed for life in 2009 and by 2011, the city had shaken off the tag.
On 14 October 2010, Greater Manchester Police posted details of all calls made to them in a 24-hour period on Twitter. The service posted details of every incident reported to its officers in 24 hours to demonstrate how much of their time is spent on what the Chief Constable called "social work" instead of fighting crime.
GMP have utilised social media as a helpful force rather than a hindrance. In the 2011 England riots, with criticism of the role social media such as Twitter and Facebook had in instigating the riots, GMP stated that support on social media had resulted in many responses from members of the public in trying to catch suspects. GMP then naming and shamed any convicted individuals over the riots and the GMP Twitter feed currently has over 100,000 followers, more than any other police service in the UK.
Governance.
Since 15 November 2012 the Greater Manchester Police and Crime Commissioner is Tony Lloyd. The police and crime commissioner is scrutinised by the Greater Manchester Police and Crime Panel, made up of elected councillors from the local authorities in the police area. Before November 2012 the Greater Manchester Police Authority was the police governance.
Organisation.
The area GMP polices is split into geographical divisions, with each Metropolitan borough of Greater Manchester being assigned one, with the exception of the City of Manchester, which has three divisions. Each division provides officers that patrol the community, and response officers that respond to emergencies, along with CID officers. Each division is headed by a Chief Superintendent.
Divisions.
GMP maintains a neighbourhood policing structure, responsible for policing different areas within the Manchester city centre  in Manchester, consisting of:
GMP Units.
Road Policing Unit.
GMP also operates a Road Policing Unit (RPU) responsible for all traffic policing in the county, which includes over of motorway. GMP RPU utilises a variety of vehicles, each with its own purpose. For general roads policing duties the service operates a number of BMW 3 Series Saloon and Estate vehicles which have replaced the previous use of the Vauxhall Vectra Saloon vehicles. The motorway unit operates both BMW X5 and Land Rover Discovery 4x4 vehicles. As well as liveried vehicles GMP also operates a number of unmarked BMW and Audi vehicles, which are used for general road policing and motorway duties. Previously the Motorway and the Motorcycle units stood separately, but in recent years both have been incorporated into the RPU's. BMW R1200RT-P motorcycles have recently replaced the Honda Pan-European ST 1100's & ill-fated ST 1300's. The RPU's are divided into three strategic units, based at RPU 1 Leigh, RPU 2 Hyde & RPU 3 Chadderton. Due to the constraints on budgets and the latested review, it is envisaged that the Road Policing Unit will lose a further 78 officers and be restructured/reduced to two RPU's. This will reduce the strength of the RPU to only 100 officers over a 5 shift system providing only 20 officers per shift to cover the police area.
During the 1990s, the GMP's area had a high rate of car crime. To combat this the Tactical Vehicle Crime Unit was formed which in 2010 was replaced by Vortex,which is based at Stretford Police Station.
In June 2011, The Tactical Vehicle Crime Unit was re formed under the slightly different name, Tactical Vehicle Intercept Unit. The unit continues to utilise various high performance unmarked vehicles and officers work alongside the ANPR Intercept Unit who use a fleet of 12 liveried BMW 330's to combat serious and organised criminals using the road network.
Air Support Unit.
GMP's Air Support Unit, with its call sign as India 99, operates an MD Explorer helicopter, along with a fixed-wing Britten-Norman BN-2T-4S Defender, with its call sign being India 66 (now NPAS **, India callsigns no longer used). The current aircraft operate from City Airport Manchester, formerly Barton Aerodrome. GMP trialled a tethered blimp in 2010 for which would provide surveillance for major events which would be a cheaper alternative to the use of a helicopter in the long term. However, the blimp was only used on 18 occasions and was sold due to operational problems.
From 2012, the GMP Air Support Unit will be part of the National Police Air Service. India 99 will subsequently be part of the North West Air Operations Group division, which will operated four helicopters merged from GMP, Cheshire Constabulary, North Wales Police and Lancashire Constabulary. The service will aim to save money and provide flexibility, as historically each police service was only permitted operate its helicopter in its policing region. The National Police Air Service will operate the four helicopters based on the most serious incidents in the North West Air Operations Group jurisdiction, rather than assigning one helicopter to one region. This creates the possibility that two helicopters could be used in one police area (i.e. Greater Manchester, Merseyside etc.) if incidents are deemed fit and viable to do so.
India 99.
The current helicopter has been in operation since 2008, and previous to that, the previous GMP helicopter had served for 7 years. The current aircraft is a McDonnell Douglas 902 Explorer. In 2007, the GMP helicopter carried out nearly 5,500 assignments and was involved in the arrests of 700 suspects.
India 66.
India 66 is a fixed-wing aircraft, mostly used in reconnaissance assignments for GMP. With the Police Service of Northern Ireland & Hampshire Constabulary it is one of only three police services in the United Kingdom to operate a fixed wing aircraft. The current aircraft is a Britten-Norman Islander
Tactical Aid Unit.
GMP operates a Tactical Aid Unit which is utilised in crowd control instances. The service has policed notable riots such as the 2001 Oldham race riots, the 2008 UEFA Cup Final riots and the 2011 England riots which affected Salford and Manchester city centre in 2011.
Serious Crime Division.
The SCD is a unit of GMP responsible for dealing with serious crimes and providing protection for vulnerable people.
Counter-terrorism.
The GMP Counter Terrorism Unit was formed in April 2007 to prevent the spread of terrorism. The city has experienced incidents with the intention to spread terror, such as the 1996 Manchester Bombing. Most recently, the unit helped thwart the 2009 plot to launch a terror attacks on the Trafford Centre, Arndale Centre and nearby St Ann's Square.
Tactical Firearms Unit.
Officers of the GMP, as in the rest of Great Britain, do not routinely carry firearms. Instead, the GMP maintains a firearms unit to provide them with a capability to deal with armed criminals. The Greater Manchester Police, Tactical Firearms Unit maintains Armed Response Vehicles, which transport armed officers to the scene. Like some other services, firearms officers carry the Heckler & Koch G36 along with the Heckler & Koch MP5 semi-automatic carbine, Glock 17 pistol, and the X26 Taser.
Dog Unit.
In 2003 GMP had over 110 dogs. However, this has recently been reduced to only 35 dogs across the service, leaving many areas without a single dog available. The dogs are involved in important operational duties such as tracking, building searches, and other criminal work across Greater Manchester. The majority of general purpose police dogs are German Shepherds, but other breeds are also used, including Rottweilers, Belgian Shepherds and Giant Schnauzers.
Mounted Unit.
The GMP maintains a mounted policing capability. The mounted officers are employed to target crime hotspots and are also seen at many events including demonstrations and the region's football matches. Horses are also used to search inaccessible areas for missing or wanted people. The unit is made up of a team of specialist police officers, skilled grooms and trainers, and 35 horses. The mounted unit is based at Hough End, in Chorlton, and uses horseboxes to transport the horses for duties around Greater Manchester.
Special Constabulary.
GMP has over 650 Special Constables, who are assigned to each of the twelve divisions. Special Constables work alongside their regular counterparts and are mainly assigned to divisions and work within Neighbourhood Policing Teams (NPTs), however some divisions still allow officers to work within response teams when NPT's are not on duty. There are a small number of Special Constables within the Special Operations Department (X – Depart) working within the Road Policing Units (RPU's). In addition there are a number of Special Constables engaged, with support of their employers in "Bus Watch", Hospital Watch" & "Shop Watch". This is where their employer allow the officers paid time, usually 8 hours per month to undertake their Special Constabulary duties at their normal place of work.
Special Constables are normally co-ordinated by the Chief Officer of the Special Constabulary, currently Paul Whitham, and divisional commanders. Under the guidance of the new Chief Constable, it is envisaged that the number of Special Constables within GMP will increase to 1,000 officers, within a 3-year period from 2009.
Video Intelligence Unit.
This unit conducts overt surveillance of certain released prisoners and upload some footage onto YouTube of people that they believe have reoffended.
Collaborations.
Greater Manchester Police is a partner in the following collaborations:
Equipment.
Uniform and equipment.
The normal GMP uniform is now combat-style trousers and a black zipped-neck polo shirt; a high-visibility jacket is worn as necessary. Headgear for male constables and sergeants is a custodian helmet when on foot patrol. The peaked cap has been withdrawn for these ranks with exception to Tactical Aid Unit and Road policing Unit (white-topped peak caps) and ranks of inspector and above. Female officers wear a rounded bowler-style hat. As with other services, GMP traffic officers wear a cap with a white top. Some specialists, such as police dog handlers and firearms officers, wear a blue shirt.
With effect from 1 June 2009, GMP will be adopting a new uniform for operational officers. This will comprise a back zip-neck shirt and straight-leg-style combat trousers. PCSOs will be issued with a light-blue shirt.
Uniformed officers when on duty carry a handheld encrypted Airwave radio (made by Sepura) which makes use of TETRA technology. On their duty belt (or in the case of CID officers, a covert harness) they carry: an expandable baton which has recently been changed from the rigid Monadnock PR-24 Baton to the extendable Monadnock Autolock Baton, CS spray, rigid Hiatt speedcuffs, a first aid pouch (containing medical gloves, CPR mask and antiseptic wipes), and are required to wear a stab/ballistic vest whilst on operational duties.
Vehicles.
Standard panda Cars include:
Prisoner Transport Vehicles
In addition to cars, GMP operates a number of vans including the Ford Transit and Volkswagen Transporter and a number of Volkswagen Crafter and Mercedes Sprinter personnel carriers.
Roads Policing Unit Vehicles include:
ANPR Intercept Unit
The Tactical Aid Unit operate a number of Volkswagen Crafter and Mercedes Sprinter personnel carriers, which are customised for public order situations and designed to withstand impact from thrown objects and flames.
The Tactical Dog Unit operate Vauxhall Astra Estate Ford Focus Estate Vehicles as well as high performance Vauxhall Vectra Hatchbacks which are used for rapid deployment across the service's divisions.
The Tactical Firearms Unit operate Land Rover Discovery, Mercedes Vito and heavily armoured Land Rover Defender vehicles which are customised for Firearms use. This includes ballistic protection and firearms storage compartments for safe transport.
Newspaper.
Greater Manchester Police produce its own newspaper, "Brief", which is distributed to thousands of officers, making it one of the largest in circulation. Each 20-page issue has a mix of news about police initiatives, policies and crime successes, in-depth articles on specialist units, social and sports news, and regular features.
Officers killed in the line of duty.
The following officers of Greater Manchester Police are listed by the Police Roll of Honour Trust as having died during the course of their duties:
Controversy.
In 2003, video evidence emerged documenting racist acts by police trainees and officers, including one member applauding Hitler and another donning a Ku Klux Klan outfit. Flagrant use of racist language to deride other police trainees was also reported.

</doc>
<doc id="2840343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840343" title="Hakan Utangaç">
Hakan Utangaç

Hakan Utangaç (born 1965 in Istanbul) is the guitarist of heavy metal band Mezarkabul (known as "Pentagram" in Turkey). He is a founding member of the band.

</doc>
<doc id="2840350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840350" title="Curbridge, Oxfordshire">
Curbridge, Oxfordshire

Curbridge is a village within the civil parish of Curbridge and Lew and located immediately southwest of Witney, Oxfordshire.
Caswell Farm, southwest of the village, is a moated farmstead that includes remnants of a 15th-century house.
A Church of England chapel was built in Curbridge in 1838 and the Gothic Revival architect C.C. Rolfe added an apse in 1874. In 1906 the chapel was demolished and replaced with the present Church of England parish church of Saint John the Baptist.

</doc>
<doc id="2840354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840354" title="Storefront Lawyers">
Storefront Lawyers

Storefront Lawyers (later titled Men at Law) is an American legal drama that ran from September 1970 to April 1971 on CBS. The series stars Robert Foxworth, Sheila Larken, David Arkin, and A Martinez.
Plot.
David Hansen (Foxworth) is a big-shot lawyer who grew tired of his important and expensive Los Angeles law firm. Hansen left his job to start a non-profit firm called "Neighborhood Legal Services" based in Century City, California. His associates were Deborah Sullivan (Larken) and Gabriel Kay (Arkin). Roberto (Martinez) is a law student who worked for them as a clerk. 
After thirteen episodes, the show's format was changed, as Hansen, Sullivan and Kay went to work for Devlin McNeil at the firm which Hansen had quit in the first place.

</doc>
<doc id="2840355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840355" title="Ainderby Quernhow">
Ainderby Quernhow

Ainderby Quernhow is a village and civil parish in the Hambleton district of North Yorkshire, England. 
The village is situated just east of the A1, and is about five miles west of Thirsk. The Quernhow at Ainderby is a small mound on the nearby Roman Road which marked the boundary between the parishes of Ainderby and Middleton Quernhow. Ainderby Mires and Ainderby Steeple are also in the district, the latter refers to the local church spire, the former to marshy mires. The Black Horse is the only pub in Ainderby Quernhow, providing real ales and home cooked meals.
Ainderby is a place name originally meant village belonging to Eindrithi, a Viking whose name meant 'sole-ruler'. Quernhow, which has also been spelled Whernhowe and Whernou means mill-hill. The first element derives from the Old Norse word " kvern" meaning a mill stone. How, deriving from the Old Norse word " haugr ", means a hill. How is a common element in Yorkshire place names but rare in County Durham.

</doc>
<doc id="2840356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840356" title="Dolphin Air">
Dolphin Air

Dolphin Air is a charter airline based in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. It operates charter services within the Middle East and Pakistan. Its main base is Dubai International Airport.
History.
The airline started operations in 2002. It was formerly known as Flying Dolphin Airlines and Santa Cruz Imperial Airlines. It was reorganised by Arabian Devt Trading and Construction, taking over assets from Santa Cruz Imperial. It has 68 employees (at March 2007).
Fleet.
The Dolphin Air fleet includes the following aircraft (as of February 2011): 

</doc>
<doc id="2840358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840358" title="Natural history of Scotland">
Natural history of Scotland

Natural history of Scotland concerns the flora, fauna and mycota of Scotland.
Flora.
The flora of Scotland is an assemblage of native plant species including over 1,600 vascular plants, more than 1,500 lichens and nearly 1,000 bryophytes. The total number of vascular species is low by world standard but lichens and bryophytes are abundant and the latter form a population of global importance. Various populations of rare fern exist, although the impact of 19th century collectors threatened the existence of several species. The flora is generally typical of the north west European part of the Palearctic ecozone and prominent features of the Scottish flora include boreal Caledonian forest (much reduced from its natural extent), heather moorland and coastal machair. In addition to the native varieties of vascular plants there are numerous non-native introductions, now believed to make up some 43% of the species in the country.
There are a variety of important trees species and specimens; a Douglas Fir near Inverness is the tallest tree in the United Kingdom and the Fortingall Yew may be the oldest tree in Europe. The Shetland Mouse-ear and Scottish Primrose are endemic flowering plants and there are a variety of endemic mosses and lichens. Numerous references to the country's flora appear in folklore, song and poetry.
Fauna.
The fauna of Scotland is generally typical of the north-west European part of the Palearctic ecozone, although several of the country's larger mammals were hunted to extinction in historic times. Scotland's diverse temperate environments support 62 species of wild mammals, including a population of Wild Cats and important numbers of Grey and Harbour Seals.
Many populations of moorland birds, including Blackcock and the famous Red Grouse, live here, and the country has internationally significant nesting grounds for seabirds such as the Northern Gannet. The Golden Eagle has become a national icon, and White-tailed Eagles and Ospreys have recently re-colonised the land. The Scottish Crossbill is the only endemic vertebrate species in the British Isles.
Scotland’s seas are among the most biologically productive in the world; it is estimated that the total number of Scottish marine species exceeds 40,000. Included in the country's ocean inventory are the Darwin Mounds, are an important area of cold water coral reefs discovered in 1988. Inland, nearly 400 genetically distinct populations of Atlantic Salmon live in Scottish rivers. Of the 42 species of fish found in the country's fresh waters, half have arrived by natural colonisation and half by human introduction.
Only six amphibians and four land reptiles are native to Scotland, but many species of invertebrates live here that are otherwise rare in the United Kingdom (UK). An estimated 14,000 species of insect, including rare bees and butterflies protected by conservation action plans inhabit Scotland.
Mycota.
Approximately 1,650 species of fungal species are found in Scotland. The rare Phelloden confluens is found in five or fewer 10 km squares.
Micro-organisms.
Syringammina fragilissima is a xenophyophore found off the coast of Scotland, near Rockall. It is the largest single-celled organism known, at up to across and was the first xenophyophore ever to be described after its discovery in 1882.
Conservation organisations.
Conservation of the natural environment is well developed and various organisations play an important role in the stewardship of the country's flora and fauna. Many agencies in the UK are concerned that climate change, especially its potential effects on mountain plateaus and marine life, threaten much of the flora and fauna of Scotland.
Where to see Scottish wildlife.
It is possible to view whales, dolphins, porpoise, and basking sharks in their natural environment on boat tours of the Hebridean waters. Other places which exhibit Scottish wildlife include:

</doc>
<doc id="2840360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840360" title="Peter Hordern">
Peter Hordern

Peter Maudslay Hordern, DL PC, (born 18 April 1929) is a British Conservative Party politician.
Early life.
Hordern was born on 18 April 1929 and was the son of Captain Charles Hubert Hordern MBE and grandson of Rt. Rev. Hugh Maudslay Hordern (Bishop of Lewes). He was educated at Geelong Grammar School, Australia and Christ Church, Oxford. He served with the 60th Rifles from 1947 to 1949, joining the regiment of his father and great uncle, Brig. General Gwyn Venables Hordern CMG, CB, J.P. He then became a Member of the Stock Exchange.
Political career.
Hordern served as Member of Parliament for Horsham from 1964 to 1974, for Horsham and Crawley from 1974 to 1983 and for Horsham once again from 1983 to 1997. He was appointed to the Privy Council of the United Kingdom in 1993. He was appointed a Deputy Lieutenant for West Sussex. He was a member of the Public Accounts Committee from 1970–1987, Chairman of the Public Accounts Commission (1988–1997); Chairman of the Finance Committee (1970–1972); appointed to the Executive of the 1922 Committee in 1967, later becoming Secretary of the 1922 Committee and Chairman of the Conservative backbench Committee on Europe.
Colin Welch described him as "the ablest Tory never to have been a minister. " Andrew Roth's Parliamentary Profiles (1987–1991) describes him as " Widely respected, well-connected, principled Rightwing, monetarist City gent; a hard-headed long term thinker; a devout believer in sanctity of tight money" : " I was not only one of the first in this house to be a monetarist...I confidently expect to be about the last. " Ahead of the hyper-inflation of the mid '70s, he attacked (with some prescience) the Bank of England in 1970 for insufficient monetary restraint and (while Chairman of the Finance Committee) publicly opposed Chancellor Barber's over expansion of monetary supply in April 1971 and attacked Heath Government's "absurd " proposals for statutory prices and income policy.
Other work.
He was appointed a Director of Petrofina UK PLC, in 1973 and Chairman in 1987. He was appointed a Director of F & C Smaller Companies Investment Trust PLC, in 1978 and Chairman in 1986. He was appointed as a Director of TR Technology Investment Trust in 1985 (formerly Atlas Electric and General Trust). In 1982, he was appointed a Consultant to Fisons PLC and a Consultant to House of Fraser PLC and Pannell Kerr Forster in 1984. After stepping down as M.P. for Horsham in 1997, he joined the Board of the British Library.
Personal life.
Hordern married Elizabeth Susan Chataway (sister of the former Conservative MP Rt. Hon. Sir Christopher Chataway) in 1964. They have two sons and one daughter: Andrew Charles Hugh Hordern (b. 5 July 1965, d. 25 November 2009); James Peter Hordern (b. 8 September 1967); and Sara Victoria Margaret (b. 19 March 1971).

</doc>
<doc id="2840366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840366" title="Shangani">
Shangani

Shangani may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="2840368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840368" title="Ainderby Steeple">
Ainderby Steeple

Ainderby Steeple is a village and civil parish in the Hambleton district of North Yorkshire, England. Ainderby Steeple is situated on the A684 approximately south-west of the County Town of Northallerton, and to the immediate east of Morton-on-Swale.
History.
The village is mentioned twice in the "Domesday Book" as "Eindrebi". Some of the lands were part of the manor of Northallerton at the time of the Norman invasion which was held by Edwin, Earl of Mercia. After Edwin's rebellion of 1071, it became Crown property (indeed, the only Crown property in the entire Land of Count Alan). Most of the other land was in the manor of "Ellerton-on-Swale" with land held by "Thorkil", "Ulfkil" before the Norman invasion and "Ansketil of Forneaux" afterwards. The Funeaux family are recorded as lords of the manor thereafter untiol the early 14th century, when Geoffrey le Scrope bought the lands. The manor continued to be owned by his descendants, albeit with a couple of incidents when the Crown took possession, until 1517 when the eleventh Lord Scrope had no male heir. The manor was divided among his children, and ended up in the possession of Robert Roos by way of the "Strangeway" family. By the nineteenth century claims to the manor had fallen into abeyance.
The topynomy of the village is derived from the Old Norse personal name of "Eindrithi" and the word"bi" for farm with the addition of the Anglian word "stēpel" for steeple, giving "Eindrithi's farm with a steeple".
Governance.
The village lies within the Richmond UK Parliament constituency. It also lies within the Swale electoral division of North Yorkshire County Council and the Morton-on-Swale ward of Hambleton District Council.
The Parish boundary to the west of the village extends up to the outskirts of Morton-on-Swale and runs roughly north to south from a half mile north of the village to the south of Green Hills farm. The eastern boundary is formed by the River Wiske just one mile away and extends from just north of Barstow Hall farm to the outskirts of Warlaby. The northern boundary runs slightly north eastwards a half a mile from the A648. The neighbouring parishes consist of Yafforth, Romanby, Thrintoft, Morton-on-Swale and Warlaby.
Geography.
The village lies on the A684 road between Northallerton and Bedale. It is situated less than a mile from the River Swale. How Beck, a tributary of the River Swale has its source on the southern outskirts of the village. The River Wiske lies to the east of the village. The villages of Morton-on-Swale and Thrintoft are within a mile of the village. The highest point in the village is . The Wensleydale Railway Association have extended their line, that currently runs from Redmire to Leeming Bar, to run just to the north of the village. This section is due to open to traffic in 2013 and will go as far the East Coast Main Line just to the west of Northallerton. This has meant the construction of two level crossings in the village.
Demography.
2001 Census.
The 2001 UK Census showed that the population was split 48.8% male to 51.2% female. The religious constituency was made of 82.1% Christian and the rest stating no religion or not stating at all. The ethnic make-up was 97.5% White British, 1.75% White other and 1.05% Indian British. There were 121 dwellings.
2011 Census.
The 2011 UK Census showed that the population was split 48.7% male to 51.3% female. The religious constituency was made of 82.6% Christian, 0.3% Bhuddist and the rest stating no religion or not stating at all. The ethnic make-up was 98.3% White British with the rest consisting of 0.3% each White Irish, White Other, Mixed White/Asian and Black British. There were 136 dwellings.
Community and culture.
The village has a school, Ainderby Steeple CE Primary, which is within the catchment area of Allertonshire School and Northallerton College, which provide secondary education and sixth form facilities respective. The school is actually located on Station Road in neighbouring Morton-on-Swale. The village consists mainly of housing with one public house.
Religion.
The Church of St. Helen's, located in Ainderby Steeple, dates back to the fourteenth century. The parish registers start in 1668. It was Grade II listed in 1970 and has been renovated in the 15th and 19th centuries.
Notable buildings.
Howden Bridge over the River Wiske on the eastern boundary of the parish is a scheduled ancient monument.

</doc>
<doc id="2840372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840372" title="Ducklington">
Ducklington

Ducklington is a village and civil parish on the River Windrush south of Witney in West Oxfordshire.
History.
Ducklington is one of the earliest Saxon parishes to be recorded in Oxfordshire. In a charter of AD 958 King Edgar the Peaceful granted at Ducklington to his Minister, Eanulf. The toponym "Ducklington" may originate from ""Ducel's Farm"" or ""the farm of the sons of Docca"", but it is locally thought to have originated from the central duck pond, where many ducks and ducklings have lived for centuries. After the Norman Conquest Ducklington was held by Robert D'Oyly, a Norman nobleman who took part in William I's conquest of England. The Dyve family then held the Lordship of Ducklington throughout the 13th and 14th centuries, living there until early in the reign of Edward III.
The Church of England parish church of Saint Bartholomew is 12th century. The Gothic Revival architect E.G. Bruton restored the building in 1871. The bell tower has a ring of six bells including one cast by Henry Bagley of Chacombe in 1732.
The village also has a Baptist Chapel.
The former village schoolhouse was built in 1858. The modern Ducklington Church of England Primary School is across the village green from the original site.
Today, Ducklington is notably for the rare Fritillary flower (mainly of the Snake's Head variety), many of which grow in a specially designated meadow just outside the village. Before the Second World War, many fritillaries had grown on fields all over the Windrush Valley. However, the national drive for food production during the war meant that most meadows were intensively ploughed, the rivers dredged, and consequently the fritillaries were lost. Only the current fritillary field was left coincidentally unploughed. The flowers have survived with help from both locals and farmers. Once a year, the local community celebrates Fritillary Sunday when the field, church and hall are opened so that the public may walk amongst and enjoy the flowers. The celebration has been featured in "Country Life" magazine.
Amenities.
Ducklington has a Morris dancing group and Mummers performances. It also has its own Morris Dance tradition; its own style of dance that was collected around the beginning of the 19th century. The Ducklington tradition is danced by many sides throughout Britain and the United States.
Ducklington has two public houses: The Bell and The Strickland Arms, and a sports and social club. Recently Ducklington has hosted several flower and garden shows.
The former tithe barn is now the village hall, which has been renovated in the last few years. It is used by village groups including the Parish Council and is the parish polling station in local and national elections. Ducklington has a Women's Institute.
Sport.
The village football team won the Oxfordshire Junior Shield in 2008. It beat Freeland 1-0 in the final to win the trophy for the first time in its history. Ducklington Sports Club has numerous youth and adult cricket and football teams. The football section has four men's teams, a veterans' team and nine boys' teams. The cricket section has two adult teams and three youth teams. The sports club is currently trying to build a new pavilion as it has outgrown its current building.

</doc>
<doc id="2840373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840373" title="Bisomus">
Bisomus

A Bisomus is a tomb large enough to contain two bodies. The ordinary tombs (loci) in the galleries of the Roman catacombs contained one body. It sometimes happened, however, that a space large enough to contain two bodies was excavated. Such a double grave is referred to in inscriptions as "locus bisomus". An inscription from the catacomb of St. Calixtus, for instance, informs us that a certain Boniface, who died at the age of twenty-three years and two months, was interred in a double grave which had been prepared for himself and for his father ("Bonifacius, qui vixit annix XXII et II (mens) es, positus in bisomum in pace, sibi et patr. suo"). A 4th century inscription tells of two ladies who had purchased for their future interment, a bisomus in a "new crypt" which contained the body of a Saint: 
Like so many pious but rather superstitious persons of that age, "Balerra" and "Sabina" wished to be buried in the closest proximity to a martyr, "retro sanctos", a privilege which, as we learn from another inscription, "many desire but few receive" ("quod multi cupiunt et rari accipiunt").

</doc>
<doc id="2840375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840375" title="Object pool pattern">
Object pool pattern

The object pool pattern is a software creational design pattern that uses a set of initialized objects kept ready to use – a "pool" – rather than allocating and destroying them on demand. A client of the pool will request an object from the pool and perform operations on the returned object. When the client has finished, it returns the object to the pool rather than destroying it; this can be done manually or automatically.
Object pools are primarily used for performance: in some circumstances, object pools significantly improve performance. Object pools complicate object lifetime, as objects obtained from and return to a pool are not actually created or destroyed at this time, and thus require care in implementation.
Benefits.
Object pooling can offer a significant performance boost in situations where the cost of initializing a class instance is high and the rate of instantiation and destruction of a class is high – in this case objects can frequently be reused, and each reuse saves a significant amount of time. Object pooling requires resources – memory and possibly other resources, such as network sockets, and thus it is preferable that the number of instances in use at any one time is low, but this is not required.
The pooled object is obtained in predictable time when creation of the new objects (especially over network) may take variable time. These benefits are mostly true for objects that are expensive with respect to time, such as database connections, socket connections, threads and large graphic objects like fonts or bitmaps.
In other situations, simple object pooling (that hold no external resources, but only occupy memory) may not be efficient and could decrease performance. In case of simple memory pooling, the slab allocation memory management technique is more suited, as the only goal is to minimize the cost of memory allocation and deallocation by reducing fragmentation.
Implementation.
Object pools can be implemented manually, by explicitly requesting an object from a factory and returning the object via calling a dispose method, as in the dispose pattern. Alternatively, in garbage-collected languages, object pools can be implemented automatically for a class by having the constructor return an object from the pool, and the finalizer return an object to the pool, using object resurrection to return the object to life. Note that automatic object pools are not possible if using a destructor, as this guarantees destruction of the object.
Manual object pools are simple to implement, but harder to use, as they require manual memory management of pool objects. By contrast, automatic object pools are easy to use – indeed, transparent – but require language support for multiple finalization and significantly complicate garbage collection; automatic object pools are one of the few standard applications of object resurrection.
Handling of empty pools.
Object pools employ one of three strategies to handle a request when there are no spare objects in the pool.
Pitfalls.
When writing an object pool, the programmer has to be careful to make sure the state of the objects returned to the pool is reset back to a sensible state for the next use of the object. If this is not observed, the object will often be in some state that was unexpected by the client program and may cause the client program to fail. The pool is responsible for resetting the objects, not the clients. Object pools full of objects with dangerously stale state are sometimes called object cesspools and regarded as an anti-pattern.
The presence of stale state is not always an issue; it becomes dangerous when the presence of stale state causes the object to behave differently. For example, an object that represents authentication details may break if the "successfully authenticated" flag is not reset before it is passed out, since it will indicate that a user is correctly authenticated (possibly as someone else) when they haven't yet attempted to authenticate. However, it will work just fine if you fail to reset some value only used for debugging, such as the identity of the last authentication server used.
Inadequate resetting of objects may also cause an information leak. If an object contains confidential data (e.g. a user's credit card numbers) that isn't cleared before the object is passed to a new client, a malicious or buggy client may disclose the data to an unauthorized party.
If the pool is used by multiple threads, it may need the means to prevent parallel threads from grabbing and trying to reuse the same object in parallel. This is not necessary if the pooled objects are immutable or otherwise thread-safe.
Criticism.
Some publications do not recommend using object pooling with certain languages, such as Java, especially for objects that only use memory and hold no external resources. Opponents usually say that object allocation is relatively fast in modern languages with garbage collectors; while the operator codice_1 needs only ten instructions, the classic codice_1 - codice_3 pair found in pooling designs requires hundreds of them as it does more complex work. Also, most garbage collectors scan "live" object references, and not the memory that these objects use for their content. This means that any number of "dead" objects without references can be discarded with little cost. In contrast, keeping a large number of "live" but unused objects increases the duration of garbage collection. In some cases, programs that use garbage collection instead of directly managing memory may run faster.
Examples.
In the .NET Base Class Library there are a few objects that implement this pattern. codice_4 is configured to have a predefined number of threads to allocate. When the threads are returned, they are available for another computation. Thus, one can use threads without paying the cost of creation and disposal of threads.
Java supports thread pooling via codice_5 and other related classes. The executor service has a certain number of "basic" threads that are never discarded. If all threads are busy, the service allocates the allowed number of extra threads that are later discarded if not used for the certain expiration time. If no more threads are allowed, the tasks can be placed in the queue. Finally, if this queue may get too long, it can be configured to suspend the requesting thread.

</doc>
<doc id="2840377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840377" title="Georges Anderla">
Georges Anderla

Georges Anderla (March 27, 1921 in Prague - April 26, 2005 in Antibes) was a Czech-born French economist. While working for the OECD in 1973, he created a statistical model of the accumulation of human knowledge. He began by defining the known technology in 1 AD as a unit and showed that it had doubled in 1500, doubled again in 1750 and again in 1900. According to Anderla the next doubling only took fifty years, then ten, seven and finally six leading up to the year 1973. If Anderla is correct, the amount of human knowledge in 1973 was 128 times greater than in the year 1 AD.

</doc>
<doc id="2840381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840381" title="Pureland Industrial Complex">
Pureland Industrial Complex

Pureland Industrial Complex is a industrial park located in Logan Township in Gloucester County, New Jersey, United States. It borders the Delaware River and Raccoon Creek, and is located south of the ports of Camden and Philadelphia. Interstate 295, U.S. Route 322 and U.S. Route 130 run through it and connect it to major truck routes. SMS Rail Lines connect to Penns Grove Secondary and the national rail network. It was opened in 1975 and is the largest industrial park in the state of New Jersey, and one of the largest in the world.
Companies.
Companies or organizations with offices, warehouses, or manufacturing facilities in Pureland include:

</doc>
<doc id="2840382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840382" title="Ad quod damnum">
Ad quod damnum

Ad quod damnum or ad damnum is a Latin phrase meaning "according to the harm" or "appropriate to the harm." It is used in tort law as a measure of damage inflicted, and implying a remedy, if one exists, ought to correspond specifically and only to the damage suffered. It is also used in pleading, as the statement of the plaintiff's money loss or damages claimed. See Federal Rules of Civil Procedure 8(a)(3).
Nearly all U.S. states prohibit plaintiffs from demanding a specific amount of money in the section of a complaint initiating a civil action for personal injury or wrongful death. This is to prevent unethical attorneys from gaining undue publicity for their cases (and prejudicing the due process rights of defendants) by demanding outrageous amounts that they cannot possibly prove at trial. This is why such complaints simply demand "pecuniary loss" or "monetary damages in an amount according to proof." Of course, at some point the defendant needs to get some idea of what amount of money the plaintiff actually wants, so the defendant can usually serve interrogatories directed to that issue or a formal request for a statement of damages as part of the discovery process. 
Theoretically, the other alternative would be to prevent journalists from reporting on legal complaints that they do not understand (e.g. by requiring them to undergo basic legal training), but such a licensing requirement would violate the freedom of speech clause in the First Amendment to the United States Constitution.
Compare "damnum absque injuria".

</doc>
<doc id="2840393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840393" title="Stephen Charnock">
Stephen Charnock

Stephen Charnock (1628–1680), Puritan divine, was an English Puritan Presbyterian clergyman born at the St Katherine Cree parish of London.
Life.
Charnock studied at Emmanuel College, Cambridge, during which he was converted to the Christian faith, beginning his spiritual journey as a Puritan divine. After leaving the college, he possibly held a position as either a private teacher or tutor, then moving on to become a minister of the faith in Southwark for a short time, converting individuals to Christianity. He continued on to New College, Oxford, where he earned a fellowship and gained a position as senior proctor
He moved to Ireland in 1656 where he became a chaplain to Henry Cromwell, governor of Ireland. In Dublin, he began a regular ministry of preaching to other believers. Those who came to hear him were from different classes of society and differing denominations, and he became widely known for the skill by which he discharged his duties.
In 1660, the monarchy of England was restored after its brief time as the Commonwealth of England, and Charles II ascended the throne of England, Scotland, and Ireland. Due to new restrictions, Charnock was now legally prevented from practicing public ministry in Ireland, and in England where he returned. Nevertheless he continued to study and to minister in non-public ways.
Charnock began a co-pastorship at Crosby Hall in London in 1675; this was his last official place of ministry before his death in 1680.
Works.
Nearly all of the numerous writings attributed to him were transcribed after his death. Charnock's theological fame rests chiefly in his "Discourses upon the Existence and Attributes of God", a series of lectures delivered to the members of his congregation at Crosby Hall; unfortunately, however, the "Discourses" were cut short by Charnock's death in 1680. The treatise is preserved today as "The Existence and Attributes of God", first published posthumously in 1682.

</doc>
<doc id="2840396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840396" title="River Windrush">
River Windrush

The River Windrush which winds through the rushes for much of its course, hence its name, is a stream and river in the English Cotswolds in the upper Thames catchment.
The Windrush starts in the Cotswold Hills in Gloucestershire northeast of Taddington, which is north of Guiting Power, Temple Guiting, Ford and Cutsdean. It flows for about : through Bourton-on-the-Water, by the village of Windrush, Gloucestershire, into Oxfordshire and through Burford, Witney, Ducklington and Standlake. It meets the Thames at Newbridge upstream of Northmoor Lock. 
The river is host to fish, including trout, grayling, perch, chub, roach and dace. It held good populations of native crayfish until at least the 1980s. River waters were used in cloth and woollen blanket making in Witney from mid 17th century.
In 2007, the Windrush was one of many rivers in the area to flood. Towns and villages along the length of the river were affected, perhaps most acutely in Witney, which was cut in half by the closure of the only bridge across the river.

</doc>
<doc id="2840406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840406" title="Wake (Trio Töykeät album)">
Wake (Trio Töykeät album)

Wake is a jazz album by Trio Töykeät. It was released in 2005.
Track listing.
All songs composed by Iiro Rantala except track 2 by Kenny Barron, track 5 by Duke Ellington, track 8 by Eerik Siikasaari and tracks 6 and 10 by Rami Eskelinen.

</doc>
<doc id="2840412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840412" title="Lech Wyszczelski">
Lech Wyszczelski

Lech Wyszczelski (born 1942) is a Polish military historian and author of books on Central European history of the 20th century. A retired Colonel of the Polish Army and professor at various universities, he authored over 36 books and 420 articles on military history, notably on Polish-Bolshevik War and the Polish Army in the antebellum. 
Lech Wyszczelski graduated from Historical-Political Faculty of the Dzerzhinsky Political-Military Academy in Warsaw in 1973 and in 1979 passed his PhD thesis there. In 1986 he received habilitation at the Warsaw Academy of General Staff. In 1998 he received permanent (full) professorship from the president of Poland. 
He currently holds a post at the Academy of National Defence in Warsaw, the Pułtusk-based Wyższa Szkoła Humanistyczna im. A. Gieysztora, and University of Natural Sciences and Humanities in Siedlce. Between 1988 and 1990 he was also a member of the Council for the Protection of Struggle and Martyrdom Sites. In 2012 he received the Golden Medal for Long Service, for 30 years of service in the Polish Army.
Among the most notable of his books are a series of monographs on various operations of the Polish-Bolshevik War, including the "Kiev 1920", "Warsaw 1920", "Battle at the Outskirts of Warsaw; 13-25th of August 1920" and "The Undeclared War. Polish-Russian military activity of 1919". Among the works of a wider scope are "Polish Military Thought 1914-1939", "What Beck and Rydz Knew", "History of Military Thought" and "Piłsudski's Army". He is also the author of a monograph of the civilian and military radio stations during the Warsaw Uprising of 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="2840417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840417" title="Gilberto Dimenstein">
Gilberto Dimenstein

Gilberto Dimenstein (born August 28, 1956 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian journalist. He is currently a columnist at the newspaper "Folha de S.Paulo", of which he is also a member of the editorial council. He also keeps a column at CBN radio.
Dimestein has published many works regarding human, children'a and youth rights, besides works on citizenship.
For 2011 he was a Fellow at Harvard's Advanced Leadership Initiative, where he worked in partnership with researchers at the Media Lab of MIT on an Internet program to help cities transform themselves into learning communities (Open City Labs, known as "Catraca Livre" (Free Turnstile) in Brazil).
Dimenstein started his career at Shalom, a magazine dedicated to the Jewish community. Subsequently, he worked in Veja", "Jornal do Brasil", "Correio Braziliense", "Última Hora".
For his reporting on social issues and his experiences with educational projects, Gilberto Dimenstein was named by Época magazine in 2007 as one of the hundred most influential figures in the country. Among the many awards he has won are the National Award for Human Rights along with D. Paulo Evaristo Arns, the Criança e Paz Award from UNICEF, McArthur Foundation grant to investigate the sexual exploitation of children and Honorable Mention for the Maria Moors Cabot Award from Columbia University School of Journalism in New York. He also won the Esso prize twice (main category in 1988 and Political Information in 1989, both when working at "Folha de S.Paulo" ) and the 1994 Jabuti prize for best non-fiction book with "O Cidadão de Papel".
Dimenstein was one of the creators of Andi (News Agency for Children’s Rights), which is circulated in Brazil and several countries in Latin America. In 2009, a document prepared at Harvard Business School, named him as an example of community innovation for his neighborhood-school project initially developed in São Paulo and replicated across the country. The text was sent to U.S. president Barack Obama.

</doc>
<doc id="2840418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840418" title="Ludwig Babenstuber">
Ludwig Babenstuber

Ludwig Babenstuber (1660 – 5 April 1726) was a German philosopher and theologian and vice-chancellor of the University of Salzburg.
He was born in 1660 at Teining in Bavaria. Having completed his early studies he entered the novitiate of the Order of St. Benedict at Ettal Abbey in 1681, made his religious profession in 1682, and thereafter devoted the greater part of his life to teaching. 
At the commencement of his studies he had given no promise of brilliancy, but by his untiring application and industry he shortly acquired so vast a store of knowledge, that he soon came to be regarded as one of the most learned men of his day -- "vir comsummatae in omni genere dictrinae et probitatis", as he is styled in Dom Egger's "Idea ordinis Hierarchico-Benedictini", and in the "History of the University of Salzburg". Until 1690 Babenstuber was Director of the scholasticate of his order at Salzburg, taught philosophy there from 1690 to 1693, then went to the Augustinian Schlehdorf Abbey to teach theology in the monastery of the Canons Regular. 
Returning to Salzburg in 1695, he took up successively the professorships of moral theology, dogmatic theology, and exegesis, in the celebrated Benedictine university of that city. He remained at Salzburg for twenty-two years, during which period he held the office of vice-rector for three years, and that of vice-chancellor of the university for six. In 1717 he returned to his monastery at Ettal, where he spent the remainder of his days. 
In dogmatic theology Babenstuber was a pronounced Thomist; in moral, a vigorous defender of probabilism. He maintained, among other things, that a single author, if he were "beyond contradiction" (omni exceptione major), could, of his own authority, render an opinion probably, even against general opinion. In matters of faith, however, he rejected the principle of probabilism absolutely. In one of his disquisitions he had also stated that it was allowable to celebrate Mass privately on Maundy Thursday and Holy Saturday, but before his "Ethica Supernaturalis" had issued from the press, he learned that the Roman tribunals forbade it, and so he promptly corrected that assertion. Babenstuber's published works include a wide range of subjects, mainly philosophical and theological. The most important are "Philosophia Thomistica" (4 vols., Salzburg, 1704) and "Ethica Supernaturalis" (Augsburg, 1718).
He died on 5 April 1726 at the Benedictine monastery of Ettal.

</doc>
<doc id="2840419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840419" title="Egeus">
Egeus

Egeus is a character in "A Midsummer Night's Dream", the comedy by William Shakespeare. He tries to keep his daughter, Hermia, from marrying Lysander, by force if necessary. In original performances, the actor for his role probably played the part of Philostrate as well.
Role in the play.
Appearing in Scene 1 and Scene 11, Egeus is the father of Hermia who disapproves of Hermia's and Lysander's love, and appeals to Theseus to force Hermia to marry Demetrius. If Hermia refuses to wed Demetrius, she could be put to death, or nunnery under Athenian law.
Criticism.
Egeus plays a key part in illustrating the play's theme of law versus love, and reason versus imagination. Constantly refusing his daughter's plea to marry the man she loves, Lysander, he demands that she be forced to marry Demetrius. He goes so far as to say that if she disobeys, he as a father has a right to kill her, or to force her into a convent as a nun for life. Hermia embodies the opposition to the law and reason of her father. She follows her feelings and imagination regarding Lysander, rather than strictly adhering to 
Performances.
In original performances of "A Midsummer Night's Dream", the actor for Egeus and Philostrate were probably one and the same. This can be gathered through discrepancies between the First Folio and earlier quarto versions of the play. In Act V, scene 1, for example, the quartos say "Call Philostrate", while the 1623 Folio says "Call Egeus". One actor filling both roles also explains some of the jumbled dialogue in this scene, as it was probably the result of confusion over the role the actor was playing at the time. Furness interprets this a little differently, saying that Shakespeare may not have originally intended both roles to be played by the same person, but that directors combined the roles to save money. Act V, scene 1 is the only scene in which both men are present at the same time. Philostrate, as the less-important one, would thus probably have been stricken out, while Egeus would have filled both roles. This change in staging would reveal an alteration from Shakespeare's original text.

</doc>
<doc id="2840421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840421" title="Isaac Hill">
Isaac Hill

Isaac Hill (April 6, 1789March 22, 1851) was an American politician and newspaper editor who served as a United States Senator and as Governor of New Hampshire.
Early life.
Hill was born on April 6, 1789 in West Cambridge, Massachusetts (now Belmont). He attended the schools of West Cambridge and Ashburnham, Massachusetts. He was then apprenticed to a printer in Amherst, New Hampshire.
In 1809 Hill moved to Concord, New Hampshire, where he became owner and editor of the "New Hampshire Patriot" newspaper, which he operated until 1829.
Hill was Clerk of the New Hampshire State Senate in 1819 and 1825.
Start of political career.
A Democratic-Republican, he served in the New Hampshire State Senate from 1820 to 1823 and 1827 to 1828. In 1826 he was a member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives.
Hill supported Andrew Jackson for President in 1828. When Jackson was inaugurated, he appointed Hill as Second Comptroller of the United States Treasury, a position Hill held from 1829 to 1830. Hill became a Jackson confidant, and was considered a member of the Kitchen Cabinet.
United States Senator.
In 1831 Hill was elected to the United States Senate as a Jacksonian. He served from March 4, 1831 to May 30, 1836, when he resigned in anticipation of assuming the governorship.
Governor of New Hampshire.
Hill was elected Governor in 1836. He was reelected twice, and served from June 2, 1836 to June 5, 1839.
Later career.
From 1840 to 1841 Hill was Subtreasurer of the United States Treasury office in Boston, Massachusetts. From 1840 to 1847 he was owner of another newspaper, "Hill's New Hampshire Patriot", which was edited by his sons.
Hill also became active in other ventures, including railroads, real estate and banking.
Death and burial.
He died on March 22, 1851 in Washington, D.C., and was buried at Blossom Hill Cemetery in Concord.
Legacy.
The town of Hill, New Hampshire is named for him.

</doc>
<doc id="2840424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840424" title="BTR">
BTR

BTR may refer to:
Military
Music

</doc>
<doc id="2840429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840429" title="Daniel Andersson (footballer born 1977)">
Daniel Andersson (footballer born 1977)

Daniel Jerry Andersson (; born 28 August 1977 in Lund) is a Swedish football coach and former professional player who is currently the director of sports at Malmö FF. Andersson played the majority of his career for Malmö FF in two different periods where he also served as team captain between 2006 and 2011, he also had a successful period playing for Serie A club Bari. He also had a long international playing career, playing 74 matches for Sweden. Daniel is part of a prosperous football family as both his father Roy Andersson and brother Patrik Andersson had successful football careers.
Club career.
Early career.
Andersson played for Bjärreds IF as a youngster, but joined Malmö FF in 1994. He gradually became a star in the Swedish league, and was bought by Italian Serie A outfit Bari.
Bari.
Andersson enjoyed big personal success at Bari, being named captain as a foreigner at only 23 years, in his third year. This attracted the interest of Juventus and Fiorentina amongst other clubs, with both clubs putting bids on the table. Andersson was also on his way to Fiorentina, but due to their financial problems the transfer was cancelled in the last minute.
Venezia, Chievo and Ancona.
Instead he transferred to Venezia for a fee of 6 million euro, where he had an average season. After that he had short stints with Chievo and Ancona. In 2004 he returned to Malmö FF together with former teammate Yksel Osmanovski.
Second period at Malmö FF.
Daniel Andersson returned to Malmö FF the same year as his brother, Patrik Andersson, who was captain of the team at the time. The return of both Andersson brothers was a contributing factor to the club winning the league the same year. When Patrik retired due to injury problems in 2005 Daniel took over the captaincy and has held it since.
After having played as centre midfielder for the majority of his career he took the position as centre back from the start of the 2010 season, where he enjoyed great success consistently being one of the best players in Malmö FF that year. By this change he became the third Andersson family member after his father Roy and brother Patrik to captain Malmö FF from the centre back position. He succeeded so well with the position change that he was nominated for Swedish defender of the year and Allsvenskan player of the year after he led Malmö FF to their 16th Swedish Championship.
On 29 October 2011 Andersson announced that he would focus on his forthcoming coaching career as one of the three assistant managers for Malmö FF but emphasized that he would continue to play for the club when he was needed. On 15 December 2011 Andersson played his last match for Malmö FF as player only in the away match against Austria Vienna in the final fixture of the group stage of the 2011–12 UEFA Europa League. Due to injury problems with the clubs younger defenders Andersson played 16 of 30 matches in the 2012 season, most of these matches were played before the summer break. His last match as a professional player was an away fixture against IF Elfsborg on 12 August 2012. On 16 November Andersson announced the end of his professional playing career to be able to fully focus on his coaching duties.
International career.
Andersson was capped 74 times for Sweden between 1997 and 2009. He was a squad member for Euro 2000, Euro 2008, and the 2002 and 2006 World Cup finals.
At Euro 2000, he was a regular starter in Sweden's line-up. As a result of Tobias Linderoth getting injured, he was once again a regular starter at Euro 2008, although the team did not make it into the knockout stages of the competition.
Andersson retired from the national team after the unsuccessful campaign to qualify for the 2010 World Cup, in order to devote his energies to Malmö FF.
Coaching career.
Andersson was appointed as one of three new assistant managers at Malmö FF along with Jörgen Pettersson and Simon Hollyhead on 29 October 2011. His focus was primarily on the defensive side of training at first and helping former manager Rikard Norling with picking the starting eleven. On 9 January 2014 Andersson assumed the role of director of sports at the club, taking over the position from Per Ågren who was stepping down.
Personal life.
Daniel Andersson is the son of Roy Andersson and the younger brother of Patrik Andersson, all three of them being some of the most successful players in Malmö FF. A notable fact is also that all three have played centre back and have been team captain of Malmö FF.

</doc>
<doc id="2840430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840430" title="Planographic printing">
Planographic printing

Planographic printing means printing from a flat surface, as opposed to a raised surface (as with relief printing) or incised surface (as with intaglio printing). Lithography and offset lithography are planographic processes that utilize the property that water will not mix with oil. The image is created by applying a tusche (greasy substance) to a plate or stone. (The term lithography comes from "litho", for "stone", and -"graph" to draw.)

</doc>
<doc id="2840435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840435" title="Convention of Chuenpee">
Convention of Chuenpee

The Convention of Chuenpee (also spelt Chuenpi or Chuanbi) signed in Guangdong, China, was one of the initial attempts to bring the First Opium War between the Qing dynasty and the United Kingdom to an end. It was drafted in 1841, but not formally ratified due to disagreements between the two parties.
Background.
In January 1841, Plenipotentiary Captain Charles Elliot proposed to Qishan, the Governor of Guangdong Province, that a convention be held to end hostilities during the First Opium War. Since the meeting took place close to the Bocca Tigris or Bogue at Shajiao Fort (沙角炮台), also known as Chuanbi fort in Chinese, the convention is commonly known as the Chuanbi Convention. It was held on 20January in the aftermath of the Second Battle of Chuenpee on 7January.
Terms.
On 20January, Charles Elliot issued a circular announcing "the conclusion of preliminary arrangements" between Qishan and himself involving the following conditions:
Other terms that were agreed upon were the restoration of the islands of Chuenpee and Tycocktow to the Chinese, and the evacuation of Chusan, which the British had captured in July 1840. The convention specifically allowed the Qing government to continue collecting tax at Hong Kong, which was the main sticking point that led to the disagreement according to British Foreign Secretary Lord Palmerston.
Aftermath.
News of the agreed terms was sent to England aboard the steamship "Enterprise", which left China on 23January. On the same date, the "Canton Free Press" published the opinion of British residents in China regarding the cession of Hong Kong:
Although Qishan intended to sign the treaty, he had not received formal approval from the Daoguang Emperor and never signed it. When the emperor found out about the treaty, he dismissed Qishan from his position. The British government was also dissatisfied with the treaty and removed Elliot from his position. Many of the terms of the treaty, such as the cession of Hong Kong, were included in the Treaty of Nanking in 1842.

</doc>
<doc id="2840440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840440" title="Burgess Falls">
Burgess Falls

Burgess Falls spills into a large limestone gorge enclosed by sheer 100–200 foot walls. The Falling Water River enters Center Hill Lake downstream from Burgess Falls. The falls are located within the Burgess Falls State Park.

</doc>
<doc id="2840451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840451" title="Aleksandr Deyneka">
Aleksandr Deyneka

Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Deyneka (; May 20, 1899 – June 12, 1969) was a Soviet Russian painter, graphic artist and sculptor, regarded as one of the most important Russian modernist figurative painters of the first half of the 20th century. His "Collective Farmer on a Bicycle" (1935) has been described as exemplifying the Social Realist style.
Deyneka was born in Kursk and studied at Kharkov Art College (pupil of Alexander Lubimov) and at VKhUTEMAS. He was a founding member of groups such as OST and Oktyabr, and his work gained wide exposure in major exhibitions. His paintings and drawings (the earliest are often monochrome due to the shortage of art supplies) depict genre scenes as well as labour and often sports. Deyneka later began painting monumental works, such as "The Defence of Petrograd" in 1928, which remains his most iconic painting, and "The Battle of Sevastopol" in 1942, "The Outskirts of Moscow. November 1941" and "The Shot-Down Ace". His mosaics are a feature of Mayakovskaya metro station in Moscow. He is in the highest category "1A - a world famous artist" in "United Artists Rating".
Deyneka is buried in the Novodevichy Cemetery in Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="2840468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840468" title="Jerry Finnell">
Jerry Finnell

Jerry Finnell was a partner in the accounting firm KPMG until retiring in 1995. He was elected to the Del Mar, California city council in 2002, and became mayor in 2004.
External links.
Jerry passed away Feb. 20, 2008 after battling AML.

</doc>
<doc id="2840480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840480" title="François-André Isambert">
François-André Isambert

François-André Isambert (November 30, 1792 – April 13, 1857) was a French lawyer, historian, and politician. Isambert was founder and for an extended period contributor of the "Gazette des Tribunaux" and actively participated in Louis François Wolowski's "Revue de législation et de jurisprudence".
Under the Bourbons and the July Revolution.
Born in Aunay-sous-Auneau, Eure-et-Loir, Isambert studied law, was deputy of the colonies and, in 1818 (under the Second Restoration of the Bourbons), an attorney at the Cassation Court. As a member of the Chamber of Deputies, he worked for legislative and administrative reforms in the colonies, and was noted for his attacks on the Roman Catholic Church.
He protested against the Ordinances of the year 1830 in the name of the bar, and thus sided with the Revolution and the July Monarchy. He went among the first to the town hall, where he was named by the provisional government director of the "Bulletin de Lois". Named counsel at the cassation court on August 27, he edited the Constitutional "Charter", and joined the Chamber of Deputies in October of that year.
Abolition of Slavery.
In the painting of the 1840 Anti-Slavery convention there is a figure to the left described as "M.M.Isambert" and in the centre is John Scoble the secretary of the British Anti-Slavery group who organised the convention. Francois Isambert had been in correspondence with Scoble and he was an active figure in trying to free the French slaves.
July Monarchy and 1848.
Isambert voted for the government of Jacques Laffitte, but joined the opposition under the minister Casimir Perier. In 1834, he founded the "Société pour l'abolition de l'esclavage", a militant abolitionist organisation.
After the Revolution of 1848, he was elected to the French National Assembly for the Eure-et-Loir "départment", and joined the Right in the Constituent Assembly, but wasn't reelected to the legislative. 1854, he converted to Protestantism; he died in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="2840489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840489" title="Judah Friedlander">
Judah Friedlander

Judah Friedlander (born March 16, 1969) is an American actor and comedian, known for playing the role of writer Frank Rossitano on the NBC sitcom "30 Rock". Friedlander is also known for his role as Toby Radloff in the film "American Splendor", a role garnered him favorable reviews and a nomination for best supporting actor at the 2004 Independent Spirit Awards. Earlier in his career he was recognized as "the hug guy" from the music video for the 2001 Dave Matthews Band single "Everyday".
Friedlander is known for his distinctive look, which includes oversized glasses, shaggy hair, a t-shirt and trucker hat — often emblazoned with bombastic slogans such as "World Champion" — and a generally unkempt appearance. It is a look he maintains as a stand-up comedian, during most of his public appearances, and which he has employed in some of his acting roles.
Early life.
Friedlander was born in Gaithersburg, Maryland, the son of Shirley and Art Friedlander. His father was of Russian Jewish descent and his mother, a native of Pittsburgh, is Croatian American.
As a child, Friedlander drew political cartoons and made animated films. He first tried stand-up comedy in 1989 at the age of 19 while attending New York University.
Career.
Stand-up comedy.
Friedlander has performed stand-up comedy regularly throughout his entertainment career. He continued to perform stand-up several nights a week in New York City while working on the sitcom "30 Rock". Friedlander has stated that he is most relaxed when doing stand-up and that he considers stand-up to be his first true love, preferring it to acting. He stated in 2012 that stand-up comedy is "still the most important thing I do from an artistic standpoint."
Friedlander has cited comedians Steven Wright, Sam Kinison and John Mulrooney as influences. He also says that Dave Attell is one of his favorite comics.
Friedlander's comedic performances often feature him making outrageous and bombastic claims about himself with a deadpan delivery. Many of these claims are reflected in slogans displayed on the many trucker hats he wears — the most common being "World Champion", a slogan he has worn in various languages.
One of his claims include being an expert in karate, having achieved an "extra-dark black belt" in the sport. In 2010, he authored the humor book "How to Beat Up Anybody: An Instructional and Inspirational Karate Book by the World Champion". Friedlander's claims provide comedic irony when contrasted against his "nonchalant" attitude and physical appearance. Friedlander wears large, thick-rimmed glasses, is often unshaven and is generally unkempt. His physique has also been described as "doughy".
The look that Friedlander employs during his stand-up has also carried over into some of his television and film roles, including his "30 Rock" role as TV writer Frank Rossitano. Frank is however much lazier than Friedlander's "World Champion" persona.
In 2007, "Heeb" magazine included Friedlander in their list of "100 people you need to know about".
Television.
Friedlander played the role of a techie on the Al Franken sitcom "LateLine" in 1999. Over the 2000s Friedlander held guest roles on several television shows, including "Spin City", "Curb Your Enthusiasm" and "Flight of the Conchords", as well as providing voices for characters on the animated series "Wonder Showzen" and "". Friedlander made regular appearances on the entertainment and pop-culture program "Best Week Ever". He appeared as the online co-host of the 2009 TV Land Awards, alongside main stage host Neil Patrick Harris. 
Friedlander was a regular cast member of the sitcom "30 Rock" throughout its entire run, from October 11, 2006 to January 31, 2013. His character, Frank Rossitano, is a sarcastic and wisecracking writer on the fictional show "TGS with Tracy Jordan" Frank is lazy, slovenly, and lives with his mother (played by Patti Lupone). He is also sex-obsessed, which he often reveals by way of vulgar and sexually suggestive comments. Friedlander has stated that Frank Rossitano is based on at least two writers with whom Tina Fey used to work at "Saturday Night Live". His ever-changing, slogan-bearing trucker hats have also become a running gag on the show. Friedlander makes his hats himself and creates enough of them to be able to wear a different one in each scene of "30 Rock", which is about three hats per show.
Friedlander has appeared on late-night talk shows such as "Late Night with Conan O'Brien", "The Daily Show with Jon Stewart", "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno", "Late Night with Jimmy Fallon" and "Last Call with Carson Daly". In 2010 Friedlander appeared in 2 episodes of the children's series "Sesame Street". He also appeared as a panelist on "The Burn with Jeff Ross" in 2013.
In May and June 2014, Friedlander narrated ESPN's "Inside: U.S. Soccer’s March to Brazil" six-part series in preparation for the World Cup in Brazil.
Film and video.
In 2001 Friedlander played "the hug guy" in the music video for the Dave Matthews Band single "Everyday"; his character is seen hugging various people throughout the video. Friedlander was recognized for his "hug guy" role for years after appearing in the video, causing complete strangers to offer him hugs. That same year he appeared in the comedy film "Wet Hot American Summer".
In 2003 Friedlander played Toby Radloff in the biopic "American Splendor", a role that received favorable reviews — his performance was deemed "unforgettable" by "The New York Times" and "pitch-perfect" by both Nick A. Zaino III of "The Boston Globe" and Dan Dinicola of "The Daily Gazette". He was also nominated in the category of best supporting actor at the 2004 Independent Spirit Awards.
Friedlander had roles in the Ben Stiller films "Meet the Parents", "Zoolander" and "Along Came Polly".
He had a starring role in the 2005 independent comedy "Full Grown Men" and a supporting role in the 2008 drama "The Wrestler".
He has also appeared in films such as "Duane Hopwood", "Chapter 27", "Southern Belles", "Live Free or Die", and "Feast".
Personal life.
Friedlander has lived in the New York City area over most of his career, with the exception of 2 years in Los Angeles. Currently residing in Queens, he has stated that he prefers living in New York.
Friedlander enjoys playing ping-pong. As a child he had played the sport competitively, and he took it up again in 2008.
Friedlander is a big fan of professional wrestling which often is used as subject matter for his trademark hats and shirts.

</doc>
<doc id="2840492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840492" title="Baby of the House">
Baby of the House

Baby of the House is the unofficial title given to the youngest member of a parliamentary house. The term is most often applied to members of the British parliament.
Australia.
In Australia the term is rarely used. Most MPs and Senators are elected usually only in their thirties and later but some prominent MPs have been elected rather early in life including Prime Ministers Malcolm Fraser and Paul Keating who were both elected at age 25 in 1955 and 1969 respectively.
The current Baby of the House is Wyatt Roy (age ; he was elected at age 20 in 2010, being the youngest person ever to be elected to an Australian parliament) and the current Baby of the Senate is Sarah Hanson-Young (age ).
Canada.
The youngest-ever elected member of the Canadian House of Commons is Pierre-Luc Dusseault, who was elected at the age of 19 years and 11 months in 2011. Dusseault is the youngest MP in Canadian history. In the past, MPs such as Pierre Poilievre, Andrew Scheer, Claude-André Lachance and Lorne Nystrom have also held the distinction.
The previous youngest current MP was Nicolas Dufour, to represent the riding of Repentigny, Quebec, for the Bloc Québécois; born in June 1987, elected at 21 years and 4 months in age. The youngest current female MP is Laurin Liu, NDP MP for Rivière-des-Mille-Îles, Québec.
Republic of Ireland.
In the Republic of Ireland the term is rarely used, as most TDs are elected usually only in their thirties and later. The current baby of the Dáil is the Fine Gael deputy Simon Harris (Wicklow), who was 24 years old when elected in 2011. The youngest TD of all time was William J. Murphy, elected aged 21 years 29 days; the youngest female TD was Kathleen O'Connor, 21 years 7 months.
Malawi.
The youngest MP in Malawi was Angela Zachepa who was voted in as MP at age 21.
New Zealand.
Like Australia, the term "Baby of the House" is rarely used. "Youngest MP" is the usual term
The current Baby of the House is Jami-Lee Ross of the National Party, who was elected to Parliament in the Botany by-election on 5 March 2011, aged 25.
South Africa.
The current titleholder is Yusuf Cassim.
Sweden.
The current Baby of the House is Mr Anton Abele (age 21 today; he was elected in October 2010 at the age of 18) being the youngest person ever to be elected MP to a Swedish parliament.
Current record holder for the world’s youngest-ever elected MP is Anton Abele, who was at 18 years elected to the Swedish Parliament for his activism against street violence.
Uganda.
At 19 years old Proscovia Alengot Oromait is currently the world's youngest MP and youngest ever MP in Africa. Miss Oromait is a member of the National Resistance Movement (NRM) in Uganda and a representative of Usuk County.
United Kingdom.
Becoming the Baby of the House is regarded as something of an achievement despite the lack of any special treatment that comes with the title. However, some MPs who have held the position for a considerable period — Matthew Taylor was the Baby of the House for over ten years — have found it somewhat embarrassing, as it may suggest that they have a lack of experience, although a perusal of the list shows that many babies in fact went on to enjoy long, significant and distinguished parliamentary careers. From August 1999 to September 2001, all three of the leaders of the main political parties had been the youngest MPs in the party when they began their political careers (William Hague, Tony Blair, Charles Kennedy).
Of those whose ages can be verified, the youngest MP since the Reform Act of 1832 was James Dickson who was elected as a Liberal at a by-election for the Borough of Dungannon on 25 June 1880. He was born on 19 April 1859 and so was aged 21 years 67 days. The youngest female MP was Bernadette Devlin, elected on 17 April 1969 from Mid Ulster aged 21 years 359 days. The age of candidacy for Parliament was lowered from 21 to 18 by the Electoral Administration Act of 2006.
In more recent times, the oldest Baby at first election is Sarah Teather, elected in 2003 aged 29 years 109 days.
List of Babies of the House of Commons.
[ (b) - by-election]
Baby of the House of Lords.
, the youngest member of the House of Lords is Lord Wei. When most members of the Lords were hereditary peers, a peer who had inherited one or more peerages while under age was entitled to take a seat on his or her 21st birthday. In theory, such a hereditary peer could still be elected to sit in the House at an early age, but in practice it is unlikely to happen.
United States.
While the term is used in the Commonwealth Parliaments, Baby of the House/Senate is not in general contemporary use in the United States, nor does being the youngest member guarantee special treatment in either house of Congress.
Members of the U.S. Congress tend to be older than parliamentarians elsewhere in the English-speaking world, a main factor being that the minimum ages for members of Congress is written into Article One of the United States Constitution, which forbids persons under the age of 25 from serving in the House and persons under the age of 30 from serving in the Senate. Moreover, election to the federal Congress is expensive and requires extensive contacts and recognition across a very wide area. Individuals aiming to serve in the federal legislature generally seek election to the state legislature (which generally have lower minimum ages for entry) or other state office before seeking to serve in Washington.
In the 113th Congress, which began on January 6, 2013, the youngest member of the United States House of Representatives is Patrick Murphy (D-FL 18), who was born on . He replaces Aaron Schock (R-IL 18) who was born on , and was first elected in 2008. Schock is now the second youngest House member.
Currently the youngest U.S. Senator is Chris Murphy (D-CT) born on , and first elected in 2012; Brian Schatz (D-HI) is the second youngest senator, and Martin Heinrich (D-NM) is the third youngest.

</doc>
<doc id="2840500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840500" title="1996 NHL Entry Draft">
1996 NHL Entry Draft

The 1996 NHL Entry Draft was held at the Kiel Center (now called the Scottrade Center) in St. Louis, Missouri, on June 22, 1996.
Selections by round.
Club teams are located in North America unless otherwise noted.
Selections by round:

</doc>
<doc id="2840504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840504" title="Tufi Duek">
Tufi Duek

Tufi Duek (born May 31, 1954 in Nilópolis, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is a Brazilian fashion designer and creator of the Triton and Forum (marketed outside Brazil as Tufi Duek) brands, which have an international following.
Information.
Tufi Duek has become one of the most iconic jeanswear label in his home country, Brazil. Although he is famous for his jeans, his brand is also well-known for the more sophisticated evening dresses. His most popular labels are "Forum" and "Triton". The Forum label is derived from sensuality while the Triton label revolves around the ideas of preppy and young. He also has a six year contract with the art director, Giovanni Bianco. 

</doc>
<doc id="2840508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840508" title="SA Centrair">
SA Centrair

Centrair was a French glider manufacturer that was founded by Marc Ranjon and his wife Genevieve in 1970. It started as the agent for glider manufacturer Alexander Schleicher GmbH & Co, but it manufactured Schleicher's ASW 20 under licence from 1977. Later, Centrair also manufactured the Scheibe SF 34 as the Centrair SNC-34 Alliance.
Ranjon decided to build a new Standard Class sailplane with a wing thinner than the ASW 19 using the ASW 20 fuselage. The result was the C101 Pegase which first flew in 1981. Schleichers were not happy that their agent was in competition with them using their fuselage design, but the dispute was settled. Three-hundred Pegases were made before production stopped in 1988. They were never competitive with the best in the Standard Class, but are popular "club" aircraft, being easy to handle.
In 1980, Centrair conducted design work on a six-seat, powered, business aircraft with a pusher propeller behind the tail. This work was conducted in collaboration with Dassault and a number of technical schools.
In the 1980s the French gliding authorities were anxious that there should be an indigenous two-seater to replace the 250 ageing trainers in France. The C201 Marianne was the result, flying in 1985. Eighty were built before the Centrair Company dissolved.

</doc>
<doc id="2840510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840510" title="Samuel A. Peeples">
Samuel A. Peeples

Samuel Anthony Peeples (September 22, 1917 – August 27, 1997) was an American writer. He published several novels in the Western genre, often under the pen name Brad Ward, before moving into series television after being given a script assignment by Frank Gruber. He is known to "Star Trek" fans for his script for the second pilot episode, "Where No Man Has Gone Before", as well as "", the first episode of the animated series '. He also wrote an alternative script, "Worlds That Never Were", for the second "Star Trek" motion picture, but it was not used; instead the producers decided to continue work on the script which would be filmed as '. However, one character from his draft, Doctor Savik, would eventually morph into the character of Lieutenant Saavik.
He died of cancer September 22, 1997 at age 79.

</doc>
<doc id="2840512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840512" title="Esther Ralston">
Esther Ralston

Esther Ralston (September 17, 1902 – January 14, 1994) was an American actress whose greatest popularity came during the silent era.
Early life and career.
Ralston was born Esther Worth in Bar Harbor, Maine. She was the older sister of Howard Ralston who also appeared in silent pictures but never achieved the stardom of his sister. She began her career as a child actress in a family vaudeville act which was billed as "The Ralston Family with Baby Esther, America's Youngest Juliet." From this, she appeared in a few small silent film roles including a role alongside her brother in the 1920 film adaptation of "Huckleberry Finn". Ralston later gained attention as Mrs. Darling in the 1924 film version of "Peter Pan".
In the late 1920s she appeared in many films for Paramount, at one point earning as much as $8000 a week, and garnering much popularity, especially in Britain. She appeared mainly in comedies, often portraying spirited society girls, but she also received good reviews for her forays into dramatic roles.
Retirement and later years.
Despite making a successful transition to sound, she was mainly relegated to supporting roles the mid-1930s. Ralston made her final film, "Tin Pan Alley", in 1940 and chose to retire from films. She continued working on the stage and in radio throughout the 1940s. She returned to the screen in the early 1950s with guest roles on television series including "Kraft Television Theatre" and "Tales of Tomorrow". In 1962, she had a leading role in the short-lived daytime drama, "Our Five Daughters". It was her final onscreen role.
In 1985, Ralston released her autobiography "Some Day We'll Laugh".
Personal life.
Ralston first married newspaper man and showman George Webb in 1926. They had one child together, daughter Mary Esther, before divorcing in 1934. In 1935, she married actor Will Morgan. They divorced in 1938. Ralston married radio announcer and columnist Ted Lloyd on August 6, 1939 in Greenwich, Connecticut. The couple had two children, Judy (born 1942) and Ted, Jr. (born 1943), before divorcing in 1954.
Death.
On January 14, 1994, Ralston died of a heart attack at her home in Ventura, California.
For her contribution to the motion picture industry, Ether Ralston had a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6664 Hollywood Boulevard.

</doc>
<doc id="2840520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840520" title="Ainstable">
Ainstable

Ainstable is a small village and civil parish in the English county of Cumbria.
The parish stretches from the banks of the River Eden to the summits of the North Pennines where it borders Northumberland and includes the villages of Croglin and Newbiggin as well as the hamlets of Dale, Walmersyke, Ruckcroft and Longdales.
Ainstable was the site of a Benedictine convent (the manor of "Nunnery"). This is said to date from the reign of William Rufus. However, Pevsner says that "the earliest reference is 1200. The nuns were so harassed by the Scots that in 1480 they had to reinvent their own charter, spuriously dating their foundation to 1089 and William Rufus." After the closure of the monasteries, the convent building became a private home, held for many years by the Aglionby family, and is now a guesthouse.
Eden Valley Woollen Mill is located in Ainstable itself.
The former village pub, the New Crown Inn, has closed and been sold for redevelopment.
Etymology.
"This name, as first noted by Lindkvist (41-2), is a compound of ON 'einstapi', 'bracken' and 'hlíđ' 'slope'." ('ON' is Old Norse).
Notable people.
Dr John Leake, who founded the General Lying-In Hospital in London, was a native of Ainstable.

</doc>
<doc id="2840521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840521" title="Phi Life Cypher">
Phi Life Cypher

Phi Life Cypher is a British hip hop group based in Luton, comprising two MCs, Si Phili and Life MC, and DJ Nappa. The trio started making music together around 1996, and since have had much success on the UK underground circuit. Phi-Life Cypher made it to the final of Tim Westwood's Talent 2000 competition and ripping the mic on DJ Skitz's seminal posse cut 'Fingerprints of the Gods' projected them to the upper realms of the UK Hip Hop scene.
Phi Life Cypher featured on an earlier version of Clint Eastwood by Gorillaz. However Damon Albarn and Dan The Automator decided to use Del the Funky Homosapien instead. This version was later officially released on "G-Sides", a compilation of the B-sides from the first three singles which was released in Japan and quickly followed with international releases in early 2002. Phi Life Cypher, did however perform the track with Gorillaz at the Brit Awards, featuring the band in 3D animation, weaving in and out of each other on four large screens along with their rap accompaniment. Phi Life Cypher also collaborated with Gorillaz on "The Sounder" and an unreleased version of "Starshine".
The group has toured with and appeared on tracks by Gorillaz and DJ Vadim.

</doc>
<doc id="2840523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840523" title="José Aristodemo Pinotti">
José Aristodemo Pinotti

José Aristodemo Pinotti (São Paulo City, December 20, 1934 — July 1, 2009) was a Brazilian physician, gynecological surgeon, university professor, scientific and educational leader and politician. 
At the time of his death he was a federal congressman by the state of State of São Paulo, in his second mandate. He had retired from his professorship at the State University of Campinas and as chairman of the Department of Gynecology and Obstetrics of the Medical School of the University of São Paulo. He had a private clinic in São Paulo, CLAP, as well as a private research and education institute.
Dr. Pinotti studied medicine at the Medical School of the University of São Paulo, where he also obtained his doctorate.
Besides his current positions, Dr. Pinotti has had many executive and leadership positions:
He was also a candidate for mayor of the cities of Campinas and São Paulo and for vice-governor of the state of São Paulo.
As a researcher and scientist, Dr. Pinotti was extremely influential in his area. His specialty was Gynecology and Obstetrics, specifically oncology. He was considered one of the foremost international experts in surgery for breast cancer and at least one procedure bears his name (the Koppke-Pinotti technique). He authored, edited or co-edited 81 books and hundreds of scientific papers. Dr. Pinotti was a member of the Brazilian Academy of Medicine, and was president of the International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics. He was also an emeritus professor of the University of São Paulo and honoris causa doctor of the University of Bologna, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="2840525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840525" title="Eurofruit">
Eurofruit

Eurofruit (full title Eurofruit Magazine) is a monthly global trade marketing magazine for the European fresh fruit and vegetable sector. The publication is aimed at buyers, exporters, importers, distributors and producers of fresh produce, be it sold in Europe or exported from it. The magazine is published from London. It also has two sister titles, Asiafruit Magazine (based in Melbourne) and Americafruit Magazine (London), which are aimed at the Asian import-export market and the North American import market respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="2840528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840528" title="Neobenedenia">
Neobenedenia

Neobenedenia is a genus of Monopisthocotylean monogenean flatworm parasites. The most common species, "N. melleni", causes problematic disease in public aquariums.

</doc>
<doc id="2840533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840533" title="High Sierra Format">
High Sierra Format

High Sierra Format (HSF) is the early logical file system used for CD-ROMs. The ISO 9660 standard is based on revised HSF.
Compact Discs were originally developed for recording music, but soon were used for recording data as they allowed recording of large amounts of information in a reliable, economic manner. At first every CD-ROM maker designed their own method of storing data, as there were no standards except at the very lowest level. There was a need for a stable standard for organizing data on compact disks into logical units such as files. In October 1985 several companies invited experts to participate in the development of a working paper for such a standard. In November 1985, representatives of 12 computer hardware manufacturers gathered at the High Sierra Hotel and Casino (currently called the Horizon Casino) near Lake Tahoe, California. This group became known as the High Sierra Group.
Present at the meeting were representatives from the following companies:
The meeting report was released in May 1986 and the High Sierra Group proposal was submitted to ECMA. This led to the issue of the ECMA-119 standard in December 1986, later adopted as ISO 9660. 
HSF was built upon the "Yellow Book" CD-ROM standard for data CDs, which itself was so open ended it would otherwise lead to diversification and creation of many incompatible data storage methods.
The creation of ISO 9660 was needed because the HSF was geared primarily towards the needs of the US market. The international extensions are the bulk of the differences between the formats.
The High Sierra Format was mainly used in the United States. The ISO 9660 format is used globally. Currently, High Sierra Format CD-ROMs are rarely encountered.

</doc>
<doc id="2840535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840535" title="Gridley-class destroyer">
Gridley-class destroyer

The Gridley-class destroyers were a class of four 1500-ton destroyers in the United States Navy. 
The initial two ships were laid down on June 3, 1935 and commissioned in 1937. The second two were laid down in March 1936 and commissioned in 1938.
Based on the "Mahan"-class destroyer, they had the same hull but had only a single stack and mounted sixteen torpedo tubes, an increase of four. To compensate for the increased torpedo armament weight, the gun armament was slightly reduced from five 5"/38 caliber guns to four. Their powerplants were also a significant upgrade from the "Mahan" class, with steam pressure increased from 400 psi to 565 psi, superheated in both cases to 700F. USS Maury (DD-401) made the highest trial speed ever recorded for a United States Navy destroyer, 42.8 knots.

</doc>
<doc id="2840537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840537" title="Hagen Quartet">
Hagen Quartet

The Hagen Quartet was founded in 1981 by four siblings, Lukas, Angelika (first replaced by Annette Bik, who was then replaced by Rainer Schmidt in 1987), Veronika and Clemens, in Salzburg, Austria. 

</doc>
<doc id="2840543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840543" title="Ainthorpe">
Ainthorpe

Ainthorpe is a village in the Scarborough 
district of the county of North Yorkshire, England. It is situated within the North York Moors National Park in the Esk Valley, a quarter of a mile south of Danby and 12 miles west of Whitby.
Ainthorpe is famous for its 15th century hotel - the "Fox & Hounds Inn".

</doc>
<doc id="2840546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840546" title="Patrick Young Alexander">
Patrick Young Alexander

Patrick Young Alexander (28 March 1867 – 7 July 1943) was a British aeronautical pioneer fascinated by the possibility of heavier-than-air flight. He was an enthusiastic balloonist and he was also particularly active in meteorology. He performed many metrological and aviation experiments, designing and building his own equipment. He travelled widely, visiting Australia in his youth and later making many visits to USA — crossing the Atlantic at least 50 times — he travelled widely in Europe and visited Mexico, Russia, Siberia and Africa in pursuit of his interests.
Patrick Alexander was respected by fellow aeronautical pioneers and knew Octave Chanute, the Wright brothers, Alberto Santos-Dumont, Lawrence Hargrave, Louis Blériot, Henry Farman, Ferdinand von Zeppelin, Charles Rolls of Rolls-Royce and Major Baden Baden-Powell, as well as European heads of state and royalty. Patrick, a world traveller, arranged meetings between those interested in aeronautics, and gave lectures on the progress being made.
Early years.
Alexander was born at Hern Villa, Belvedere, Erith, Kent. His mother was Harriotte Emma and his father was Andrew Alexander from Scotland. He had an elder brother, John Edmond who was three years older.
His father, Andrew Alexander, was a civil engineer of some standing and a mechanical engineer. He was interested in aeronautics and was a founder member of the Royal Aeronautical Society in 1866. He presented some papers to the society including "Power in Relation to Weight in Aerial Navigation". In 1875 he went to see Thomas Moy's Aerial Steamer at The Crystal Palace. This machine had many interesting design features and may have achieved a brief hop into the air; accounts vary. That year, Andrew Alexander became manager of the Cyclops works of Charles Cammell and Company in Sheffield, where he worked on the improvement of armour plate for warships.
Andrew Alexander was a practical-minded man, unlikely to be prone to flights of fancy, yet at a time when many ridiculed the idea of heavier-than-air flight, he told Patrick he was sure that the problems of aviation would be solved. He was clearly a major influence on Patrick's life.
In 1878, Patrick Alexander, doubtless encouraged by his father, built an elastic driven model aeroplane of the Penaud type. In the late summer of that year, Patrick was taken by his father to see the Paris Exhibition. One attraction was irresistible: the enormous hydrogen balloon of Henri Giffard, which was capable of taking 52 passengers at a time on a tethered ascent to . The experience left a deep impression on Alexander, then 11 years old.
When Andrew Alexander left the Cyclops works, the Alexander family moved from Sheffield to Bath and Patrick decided on a career in the Merchant Navy.
At sea.
On 1 April 1885, just 3 days after his 18th birthday, Patrick Alexander signed as an apprentice Merchant Navy officer. The very next day he sailed upon the "Minero", a barque of 478 tones bound for Fremantle in Western Australia, a distance of in a vessel powered only by the wind.
60 days into the journey, while aloft helping with the sails, Patrick lost his grip and fell. As he hit the deck, he broke his leg. The ship was still three weeks away from port and there was little that could be done other than to strap Patrick into a bunk for the rest of the journey, letting the leg heal without expert attention.
The "Minero" had left England with a crew short by one member. At Fremantle, two of the crew jumped ship, possibly encouraged by rumours of gold being found in the desert; replacement crewmen were hard to come by and only one could be found. The "Minero" set sail for Cossack and Port Walcott some to the North, seeking a cargo, probably of wool and pearl shell, for the return to London. Patrick was getting about with the aid of a crutch and, given the shortage of crew, he was helping as best he could. On 10 August, in rough weather on a wet and slippery deck, Alexander fell again and re-broke his injured leg. He was taken to Victoria Hospital at Geraldton. The "Minero" returned to London without him. Patrick returned to England; despite treatment, it was clear that his injuries would leave him lame for life.
In 1886, while he was away from England, Patrick Alexander's elder brother died. The following year, Patrick's mother, Emma, died. In 1890, Patrick's father, Andrew, died at the age of 62. Now aged 23, Patrick was quite alone. Patrick's father had left him everything: almost £60,000 (equivalent to £ in .) At the time it was enough for a gentleman to live in some comfort. Patrick was to use his inheritance to pursue his various interests.
Taking off.
Patrick Alexander became increasingly interested in aviation and related subjects, such as meteorology, parachutes, balloons, and propellers. By about 1888 he was working on wireless telegraphy. The French aviation historian Charles Dolfus recorded that Patrick Alexander was the first to suggest that wireless could be used for the automatic direction of airships and aeroplanes and said Patrick Alexander was a "Pioneer of Space".
On 9 June 1891, Patrick Alexander made a gas balloon ascent in the company of aeronaut Griffith Brewer: this was the first of a number of balloon ascents that would lead to his becoming a licensed balloonist. Patrick ordered a three-man (some say five-man) balloon from balloon manufacturer Percival G. Spencer, naming his balloon "Queen of the West". Throughout the summer of 1892, Patrick and his friend Philip Braham made a number of flights. They collected meteorological observations and measurements and took photographs. Their adventures were recorded in a number of local newspapers.
Also in 1891, Patrick Alexander acquired an aperture refractor telescope which was erected in Bath. The telescope was a substantial instrument, which together with its mounting, must have weighed several tons. The telescope was fully equipped for astronomical observations and Patrick was a member of the Royal Astronomical Society until 1921. Although he enjoyed showing his telescope to friends and distinguished visitors, any interest he had in astronomy was overshadowed by his other passions; the telescope was probably a scientific toy. Barry Bellinger suggests that the telescope was used to track pilot balloons released into the air, before releasing any main balloons; however, a telescope of this size and type seems unsuited to such a task.
In 1893, Patrick Alexander ordered a balloon of capacity from Percival Spencer. At the time, C.G. Spencer and Sons' largest advertised balloon was of and when it was made it attracted much public interest. Capable of lifting 12 passengers, it was one of the largest balloons yet made. Alexander named her the "Majestic". In 1894, Patrick took it to Germany where he conducted scientific ascents that excited interest among German scientists and the lay public, as well as that of Kaiser Wilhelm II.
Ever since the first balloon ascent by the Montgolfier Brothers in 1783, it had been realised that for balloons to be really useful, they had to be navigable. Patrick Alexander applied his mind to this problem of airship propulsion. In 1893 and 1894 he filed a number of patents. His ideas included reciprocating oars and an adjustable-pitch propeller that resembled a pair of fans. One patent includes a means of heating the gas in the balloon envelope by using piped steam, the steam pipe also served to support the balloon in the shape of a parachute in the event of the balloon being burst or punctured. None of Patrick’s ideas ever came to anything; but throughout his life, he never lost faith in the practicality of airships.
In Bath Patrick Alexander set up the first of a series of workshops. His most prestigious workshop was"The Mount" at Batheaston purchased in 1900 and here he had a gas supply brought into the garden and a balloon inflation valve installed. Town gas, although not as light as Hydrogen, was readily available and very much less expensive; it was, of course, highly flammable. His workshops were fully equipped and employed several people, there he designed and manufactured experimental balloons and meteorological instruments.
Patrick Alexander joined the Aero clubs of Berlin, Paris and America and, at one time, that of Austria.
In 1900 the first Zeppelin made its maiden flight, observed by Alexander. The Zeppelin was launched from a floating assembly hall on Lake Constance; Patrick observed from a motor boat in order to be as close as possible. Later that year, at the invitation of the Berlin Metrological Institute, he made a flight in the world's largest balloon, a non-dirigible with a capacity of . The objective was to make metrological measurements and break the existing endurance records. It is indicative of the esteem in which Patrick was held that he, a non-German, was offered a place. The balloon was equipped against every eventuality and stocked with rations for 20 days. The balloon took off on 27 September, just before 6 pm. The same evening, their trailing rope became stuck in trees and gusty winds caused the crew to lose control. In the dark it was decided to release the gas and land the balloon. The ambitious expedition ended just from the start.
Patrick Alexander was very interested in the development of heavier-than-air flying machines. Early in the 1890s, he travelled to Germany to meet Otto Lilienthal who was experimenting with gliders, and he continued to study ideas from a wide variety of sources. In 1896, Hiram Stevens Maxim came close to achieving flight when his huge steam-powered machine briefly lifted from the rails that also restrained it. Patrick was in contact with Octave Chanute and others experimenting with flight. In the USA, sometime before 1903, Patrick visited Samuel Pierpont Langley whose successful models had attracted much attention. At Christmas 1902 he visited the Wright brothers at Kitty Hawk. 
On hearing that Patrick Alexander was planning a return trip to the USA in October 1903, the Wright brothers, not known for welcoming interruptions to their work, said they would be happy to meet him. However, Patrick missed a crucial telegram and never received their message. Patrick must have been most disappointed to have missed the opportunity to witness the first flights of the Wright Flyer on 17 December 1903.
Aldershot in Hampshire was an insignificant village until, in 1854, it was selected as the home of the British Army. It was in Aldershot that the army established the Army Balloon section. In June 1904 the American born aviation pioneer Samuel Franklin Cody came to Aldershot to test his kites. There, in collaboration with the Army, he worked on balloons, kites and aeroplanes. That same year Patrick Alexander moved to nearby Mytchett in Surrey where he was involved with the Army Balloon section. He shared a house with Cody who later went on to become the first man in England to fly an aeroplane.
1905 was a year of public generosity. Chard in Somerset had been the location of some remarkable aviation experiments by John Stringfellow in 1848: he constructed a model aeroplane that is claimed to have achieved the first ever power flight. Some of the relics of these experiments were eventually bought for the Washington Museum. Patrick Alexander obtained and had restored at his expense, Stringfellow's earlier models and presented them to the Victoria and Albert Museum in London. Also, Patrick offered his telescope - the 8" refractor - to the War Office. The offer included the cost of construction of a suitable observatory to house it. The offer was accepted and a site was chosen. In December 1906 the Aldershot Observatory was officially opened, the opening ceremony was attended by several high-ranking officials and guests from Aldershot civic council, and Patrick Alexander himself.
In January 1910, Patrick Alexander issued the conditions of a £1,000 "Alexander Award", a prize that he would offer for the development of a lightweight engine suitable for aviation. The prize was offered through the auspices of the Aerial League of which Alexander was a founding member and the testing would be performed by the National Physical Laboratory. (The prize, which was Alexander's own money, was a considerable sum; £1,000 in 1910 is equivalent to £ in .) Tests were carried out one year later. The "Green Engine" by Aster Engineering Ltd performed particularly well and, by unanimous agreement, won the prize.
First World War.
With the outbreak of war, Patrick Alexander was keen to make himself useful. He was soon in America again where he aided British propaganda by making statements in the American press. He was well known to New York journalists who reported his views at length and naturally Patrick expressed his view on the importance of aviation in the conflict. In 1917 he was given a job by the newly formed Air Ministry at the Metrological Office at Falmouth; here he worked until the end of the war.
Teaching.
At the end of the First World War, Patrick Alexander was fifty years old and his inheritance was all but gone. Even his prodigious energies had been unable to keep up with the developments in aviation that had taken place during the conflict.
He spent the rest of his life at the Imperial Service College, Windsor. There he taught students the basics of aeronautical principles.
Legacy.
Patrick Alexander died on 7 July 1943, almost penniless — having given most of his money away. Today, he is not well known; having failed to make any singular, lasting contribution to aviation and there being just a few modest memorials to his name. His primary contribution to the history of aviation was that through his tireless efforts, many journeys, writings, public speeches, and generous donations he was responsible for collecting and disseminating ideas across nations and continents without which development in the field would have proceeded more slowly.
He was a generous man — generous with his time, his intellect and with his money. An inheritance and his business ability made him wealthy, but financial success meant little to him. He was driven by native curiosity and ambition, and yet he was always supportive of the efforts of others, often making generous financial contributions, and was not jealous of their achievements.
Patrick Alexander was buried in a small churchyard in Windsor. Ironically his headstone faces the flight path from Heathrow Airport, and features a simple inscription:

</doc>
<doc id="2840548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840548" title="VocalTec">
VocalTec

VocalTec Communications Inc. is an Israeli telecom equipment provider. The company was founded in 1989 by Alon Cohen and Lior Haramaty, who invented and patented the first Voice over IP audio transceiver. VocalTec continues to be a leading VoIP company, with major customers such as Deutsche Telekom, Telecom Italia and many others.
History.
VocalTec released the first ever Internet VoIP program in February 1995. The company had an IPO on the NASDAQ in 1996 and in 1997 Europe's largest telecommunications company, Deutsche Telekom, bought a 21.1 percent stake in VocalTec for $48.3 million, in addition to purchasing $30 million in telephony products, services, and support over the following two-and-a-half years.
During the Dot-com bubble the company’s share peaked at a price of $3,363 per share on March 3, 2000 (split adjusted).
In 2005, completed a business combination with Tdsoft, a provider of VoIP Gateways.
Today VocalTec specializes in providing carrier-class multimedia and voice-over-IP solutions for communication service providers. The company provides the Essentra solution suite that comprises the essential building blocks required to develop a next-generation-network, addressing customers’ specific requirements in trunking, peering and residential/enterprise VoIP application solutions.
On July 16, 2010, MagicJack took over VocalTec in a reverse takeover.
VocalTec Internet Phone.
VocalTec Internet Phone was a VoIP application released in February 1995. The software was invented by Alon Cohen and Lior Haramaty, the two co-founders of VocalTec Ltd. At the base of the Internet Phone residing the invention of Alon Cohen and Lior Haramaty named the "Audio Transceiver", which managed the dynamic jitter buffer that was critical for achieving adaptive lower possible audio latency along with handling packet loss, packet re-ordering, and receiver transmitter sample rate adjustments. The first implementation of the "Audio Transceiver" was carried out by Elad Sion.
ITXC.
In 1997 VocalTec founded ITXC Corporation (Internet Telephony Exchange Carrier) a US-based wholesale provider of Internet-based phone calls. The ITXC Voice over IP network was powered by the VocalTec technology. In 2003 ITXC was acquired by Teleglobe.

</doc>
<doc id="2840550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840550" title="Mattias Asper">
Mattias Asper

Mattias Asper (born March 20, 1974 in Sölvesborg) is a Swedish football goalkeeper currently playing for Mjällby AIF. He has played 3 international matches for Sweden national football team, and was a squad member in the Euro 2000.
Club career.
Asper was the first choice goalkeeper for Mjällby AIF in four seasons before signing to the Allsvenskan side AIK in 1998. Lee Baxter began the 1998 season as the first choice. But after seven games AIK had only managed to collect seven points, including only one win. On the 8 of June, Asper made his debut against Östers IF putting Lee Baxter on the bench, which would last for the rest of the season. With Asper in the net, AIK did not lose a single game in the 1998 season and they also won Allsvenskan the same year.
In 1999, AIK qualified for Champions League making it all the way to the group stage. This year, Asper held a clean sheet for 797 minutes in Allsvenskan which was a new record.
His performances in AIK attracted interest from Spanish club Real Sociedad, who bought him just before the 2000-01 season. However, he did not had much of a success in Spain and eventually returned to Sweden and Malmö FF in 2002, after being on loan to Beşiktaş J.K.. He won the Swedish championship with Malmö FF in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="2840555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840555" title="Workforce management">
Workforce management

Workforce management (WFM) encompasses all the activities needed to maintain a productive workforce. Under the umbrella of human resource management, WFM is sometimes referred to as HRMS systems, or even part of ERP systems. Recently, the concept of workforce management has begun to evolve into workforce optimization. 
Specifically, workforce management includes
Workforce management can also encompass field service management. This provides software to optimally plan and dispatch field service technicians and their properly stocked vehicles to a customer's location in a timely manner in order to deliver against their service commitments. Field service management will itself include elements of:
Definition.
In many markets and industries, workforce management is all about assigning the right employees with the right skills to the right job at the right time. The term is differentiated from traditional staff scheduling because staff scheduling is rooted to time management and simply manages the administration of past and future working times. 
This traditional approach has since evolved into the more integrated, demand-oriented workforce management, which includes changes in personnel requirements and objectives when optimising the scheduling of staff. Besides the two core aspects of demand-orientation and optimisation, workforce management may also incorporate:
The market for workforce management (WFM) is still quite young. In the eighties and nineties, entrepreneurs mainly focused on topics such as SCM (Supply Chain Management) or PPS (production planning systems) and, in recent years, on ERP (enterprise resource planning). As cost pressures have increased, managers have increasingly turned their attention towards HR issues. In all personnel-intensive industries, workforce management has become an important strategic element in corporate management.
Workforce management software.
Workforce management solutions can be deployed enterprise-wide. While special software is commonly used in numerous areas such as ERP (enterprise resource planning), SLM (service lifecycle management), CRM (customer relationship management) and HR (human resources) management, the management of the workforce is often still handled by using spreadsheet programs or time recording. This often results in expensive overtime, non-productive idle times, high fluctuation rates, poor customer service and opportunity costs being incurred. 
In contrast, by using a software solution for demand-oriented workforce management, planners can optimise staffing by creating schedules that at all times conform as closely as possible to the forecasted requirements. At the same time, a WFM solution helps users to observe all relevant legislation, local agreements and the contracts of individual employees – including work-life balance guidelines.
A key aspect of workforce management is scheduling. This is achieved by establishing likely demand by analysing historical data (such as the number and duration of customer contacts, sales figures, check-out transactions or orders to be handled). Many workforce management systems also offer manual adjustment capabilities. The calculated forecast values are then converted into actual staffing requirements by means of an algorithm that is adjusted to the particular use case. The algorithm itself is based on the work of Erlang though most modern adaptations of WFM have shifted towards a richer state management, and optimizations to the original idea. 
Current and future staffing requirements, short-term peak loads, availabilities, holidays, budget allowances, skills, labour law-related restrictions, as well as wage and contractual terms have to be integrated into the planning process to guarantee optimal staff deployment. In the workforce management process, the integration of employees is an important factor. In several WFM systems, employees can log in their availability or planned absences and they can bid for specific shifts so long as they have the necessary skills for the activities planned for these shifts. Experience shows that professional workforce management systems realistically fulfil more than 80 percent of employees’ shift requests. Here, employee scheduling software guarantees the best possible synthesis of optimised staff schedules and employee requests. 
The more flexible the working time models and the more complex the staff scheduling becomes, the higher the requirements for correct time management becomes. As time recording and accounting of working times are closely connected to scheduling, the integration of time management into the entire process is the logical consequence. Using workforce management systems, working times are booked exactly to the required time accounts and made available for payroll accounting by means of automated processes. 
Many software solutions offer a number of options for evaluating the planning in real-time, enabling short-term reactions to deviations from the forecasted demand or expected over- or understaffing. Control functions enable a permanent adaptation of the scheduled staff to the actual requirements. In other words, the optimization process allows for manual data adjustment in the case of short-term fluctuations in demand or unscheduled employee absences.
Depending on the software provider, organizations have a choice to deploy the software in their own on-premise data center, or in the provider’s private cloud. Workforce management is an appropriate type of system that organizations can access via the cloud through services such as application management and hosting.
Workforce optimization.
Workforce management is itself evolving into a solution termed workforce optimization. This builds on workforce management to encompass all aspects of managing the complete workforce life-cycle and supports the business with key insights into how its workforce is performing. There is an emphasis not simply on improving operational efficiency or on managing the workforce effectively, but tying this to key business concepts such as the customer experience. The role of workforce optimization is to tie together soiled systems and bridge between the three main stakeholders of HR, operations and IT. This approach is business driven. It involves automating entire processes, making key data more visible to support better decision-making, ensuring compliance with a wide range of relevant legislation and solving business problems related to staff. Workforce optimization is best viewed as the next logical step in the move to optimize the performance of staff and to manage and understand the impacts of staff on both operational efficiency and the customer experience. To take Workforce Optimization to the next step, the enterprise turns to a Co-Sourced Partner for Workforce BPO. Workforce BPO creates a Centralized / Consolidated approach to IT and Human Capital Processes.
Workforce management provides a common set of performance-based tools to support corporate management, front-line supervisors, store managers and workers across manufacturing, distribution, transportation, and retail operations. The starting point is a clear definition of the work required through engineered standards and optimal methods for performing each task as efficiently and safely as possible. Based on this foundation and demand-based forecasts, workers are scheduled, tasks assigned, performance is measured, feedback is provided and incentives are computed and paid. In addition, online training is provided along with supervisor-based coaching to bring all workers up to required levels of proficiency. It is a complete approach designed to make a workforce as productive as possible, reduce labor costs, and improve customer service.
References.
AMR Research, 2006: The Human Capital Management Applications Report, 2005–2010
DMG Consulting: 2009 Contact Centre Workforce Management Market Report
Further reading.
Vimeo Video "Truth in Forecasting"

</doc>
<doc id="2840558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840558" title="Georg Lunge">
Georg Lunge

Georg Lunge (15 September 1839 - 3 January 1923) was a German chemist born in Breslau. He studied at Heidelberg (under Robert Bunsen) and Breslau, graduating at the latter university in 1859, for the work with Ferdinand Cohn. Turning his attention to technical chemistry, he became chemist at several works both in Germany and England, and in 1876 he was appointed professor of technical chemistry at ETH Zurich. Lunge's original contributions over a very wide field, dealing both with technical processes and analysis. In addition, he was a voluminous writer, enriching scientific literature with many standard works. His treatises "Coal Tar and Ammonia", "Destillation des Steinkohlentheers" and "Sulphuric Acid and Alkali", established his position as the highest authority on these subjects, while the "Chemische-technische Untersuchungs-Methoden", to which he contributed, testified to his researches in technical analysis. His jubilee was celebrated in Zurich on 15 September 1909. He died in Zurich on 3 January 1923.

</doc>
<doc id="2840567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840567" title="Haymarket Shopping Centre">
Haymarket Shopping Centre

The Haymarket Shopping Centre is a shopping centre in the city centre of Leicester, England. It opened in 1973, and is located immediately to the east of the Clock Tower. The shopping centre is owned by ING Real Estate Investment Management.
The Haymarket is bounded by Haymarket and Belgrave Gate to the north, Charles Street to the east, and Humberstone Gate to the south. To the west it fronts onto the Clock Tower area.
Most of the frontage is red brick. However, at the Clock Tower end, and on the corner of Humberstone Gate and Charles Street, other frontages are retained (the former being Littlewoods, and the latter being the old site of C&A, latterly Allders and now a Primark store).
In May 2006 it was announced that Woolworths were to vacate their unit in the centre in 2007 after being "made an offer they could not refuse" by the landlords. Peacocks have since opened a new fashion store on the former Woolworths site facing Marks and Spencers. The store opened in October 2007.
The retail space is on two levels, with a car park on top. The Haymarket Theatre was also part of the building, occupying part of the first floor. This has since closed down and been succeeded by the new Curve Theatre, Leicester on Halford Street. Located at the front of the entrance to the Haymarket Theatre is the only major piece of abstract sculpture in the city centre.
Tesco opened an express store in the centre in August 2009.
Stores.
All stores are on two floors. Haymarket Shopping Centre stores can be found on the centres website.
Transport.
Haymarket Shopping Centre has a bus station Haymarket Bus Station.

</doc>
<doc id="2840568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840568" title="Not A Cornfield">
Not A Cornfield

"Not A Cornfield" was a 2005 art project that transformed a industrial brownfield (today part of Los Angeles State Historic Park in the historic center of Los Angeles into a cornfield for one agricultural cycle. The project took place north of Chinatown.
Lauren Bon created this work with funds from the Annenberg Foundation and considered the piece to be a sculpture. The installation cost $3 million and took place at the proposed site of Los Angeles State Historic Park, which had been referred to as "The Cornfield", because of the crops growing there prior to its industrial development. Fifteen hundred truck loads of soil were transported to the site and one million seeds were planted.
Some people complained that the project delayed the construction of the public park at that site, that the project was approved too quickly, and that it was a waste of money.
There was a small edible garden in the cornfield, and the site was used for film screenings and drum circles. Group and school tours were available.
The corn was harvested in November and December 2005, allowed to dry and put on display in the nearby empty Capital Milling Co. building for six months. It was then used for the production of biodegradable containers. The project left behind fertile soil.
"Not A Cornfield" is located at 1201 North Spring Street, Los Angeles, California, 90012.

</doc>
