<doc id="2893444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893444" title="Building automation">
Building automation

Building automation is the goal that a Building Management System or a (more recent terminology) Building Automation System (BAS) attempts to achieve. Both are examples of a distributed control system - the computer networking of electronic devices designed to monitor and control the mechanical, security, fire and flood safety, lighting (especially emergency lighting), HVAC and humidity control and ventilation systems in a building.
BAS core functionality keeps building climate within a specified range, lights rooms based on an occupancy schedule (in the absence of overt switches to the contrary), monitors performance and device failures in all systems, provides malfunction alarms (via typically email and/or text notifications) to building engineering/maintenance staff and contractors. BAS reduce building energy and maintenance costs compared to a non-controlled building. Typically they are financed through energy and insurance savings, and other savings associated with pre-emptive maintenance and quick detection of issues.
A building controlled by a BAS is often referred to as an intelligent building, "smart building", or (if a residence) a "smart home". Commercial and industrial buildings have historically relied on robust proven protocols (like BACnet) while proprietary and poorly integrated purpose-specific protocols (like X-10 or those from Honeywell, Siemens or other major manufacturers of smart thermostats, etc.)) were used in homes. Recent IEEE standards (notably IEEE 802.15.4, IEEE 1901 and IEEE 1905.1, IEEE 802.21, IEEE 802.11ac, IEEE 802.3at) and consortia efforts like nVoy (which verifies IEEE 1905.1 compliance) or QIVICON have provided a standards-based foundation for heterogeneous networking of many devices on many physical networks for diverse purposes, and quality of service and failover guarantees appropriate to support human health and safety. Accordingly commercial, industrial, military and other institutional users now use systems that differ from home systems mostly in scale. "See home automation for more on entry level systems, nVoy, 1905.1, and the major proprietary vendors who implement or resist this trend to standards integration."
Almost all multi-story green buildings are designed to accommodate a BAS for the energy, air and water conservation characteristics. Electrical device demand response is a typical function of a BAS, as is the more sophisticated ventilation and humidity monitoring required of "tight" insulated buildings. Most green buildings also use as many low-power DC devices as possible, typically integrated with power over Ethernet wiring, so by definition always accessible to a BAS through the Ethernet connectivity. Even a passivhaus design intended to consume no net energy whatsoever will typically require a BAS to manage heat capture, shading and venting, and scheduling device use.
History.
The term "Building Automation System", loosely used, refers to any electrical control system that is used to controls a buildings heating, cooling, and ventilation system (HVAC). Modern BAS can also control indoor and outdoor lighting as well as security, fire alarms, and basically everything else that is electrical in the building, on either AC or DC wiring. Old HVAC control systems, such as 24VDC wired thermostats, technically qualify as a building automation system but most such buildings could benefit greatly from the new control systems that are available. There is little resemblance between the IPv6-based technology used in the 2010s and the single purpose systems installed in the 2000s.
Buses and protocols.
Most building automation networks consist of a "primary" and "secondary" bus which connect high-level controllers (generally specialized for building automation, but may be generic programmable logic controllers) with lower-level controllers, input/output devices and a user interface (also known as a human interface device). ASHRAE's open protocol BACnet or the open protocol LonTalk specify how most such devices interoperate. Modern systems use SNMP to track events, building on decades of history with SNMP-based protocols in the computer networking world.
Physical connectivity between devices was historically provided by dedicated optical fiber, ethernet, ARCNET, RS-232, RS-485 or a low-bandwidth special purpose wireless network. Modern systems rely on standards-based multi-protocol heterogeneous networking such as that specified in the IEEE 1905.1 standard and verified by the nVoy auditing mark. These accommodate typically only IP-based networking but can make use of any existing wiring, and also integrate powerline networking over AC circuits, power over Ethernet low power DC circuits, high-bandwidth wireless networks such as LTE and IEEE 802.11n and IEEE 802.11ac and often integrate these using the building-specific wireless mesh open standard ZigBee).
Proprietary hardware dominates the controller market. Each company has controllers for specific applications. Some are designed with limited controls and no interoperability, such as simple packaged roof top units for HVAC. Software will typically not integrate well with packages from other vendors. Cooperation is at the Zigbee/BACnet/LonTalk level only.
Current systems provide interoperability at the application level, allowing users to mix-and-match devices from different manufacturers, and to provide integration with other compatible building control systems. These typically rely on SNMP, long used for this same purpose to integrate diverse computer networking devices into one coherent network.
Types of inputs and outputs.
Analog inputs are used to read a variable measurement. Examples are temperature, humidity and pressure sensors which could be thermistor, 4-20 mA, 0-10 volt or platinum resistance thermometer (resistance temperature detector), or wireless sensors.
A digital input indicates if a device is turned on or not. Some examples of an inherently digital input would be a 24VDC/AC signal, current switch, an air flow switch, or a volta-free relay contact (Dry Contact). Digital inputs could also be pulse type inputs counting the frequency of pulses over a given period of time. An example is a turbine flow meter transmitting rotation data as a frequency of pulses to an input. 
Analog outputs control the speed or position of a device, such as a variable frequency drive, an I-P (current to pneumatics) transducer, or a valve or damper actuator. An example is a hot water valve opening up 25% to maintain a setpoint. Another example is a variable frequency drive ramping up a motor slowly to avoid a hard start.
Digital outputs are used to open and close relays and switches as well as drive a load upon command. An example would be to turn on the parking lot lights when a photocell indicates it is dark outside. Another example would be to open a valve by allowing 24VDC/AC to pass through the output powering the valve. Digital outputs could also be pulse type outputs emitting a frequency of pulses over a given period of time. An example is an energy meter calculating kWh and emitting a frequency of pulses accordingly.
Infrastructure.
Controller.
Controllers are essentially small, purpose-built computers with input and output capabilities. These controllers come in a range of sizes and capabilities to control devices commonly found in buildings, and to control sub-networks of controllers.
Inputs allow a controller to read temperatures, humidity, pressure, current flow, air flow, and other essential factors. The outputs allow the controller to send command and control signals to slave devices, and to other parts of the system. Inputs and outputs can be either digital or analog. Digital outputs are also sometimes called discrete depending on manufacturer.
Controllers used for building automation can be grouped in 3 categories. Programmable Logic Controllers (PLCs), System/Network controllers, and Terminal Unit controllers. However an additional device can also exist in order to integrate 3rd party systems (i.e. a stand-alone AC system) into a central Building automation system).
PLC's provide the most responsiveness and processing power, but at a unit cost typically 2 to 3 times that of a System/Network controller intended for BAS applications. Terminal Unit controllers are usually the least expensive and least powerful.
PLC's may be used to automate high-end applications such as clean rooms or hospitals where the cost of the controllers is less of a concern.
In office buildings, supermarkets, malls, and other common automated buildings the systems will use System/Network controllers rather than PLC's. Most System controllers provide general purpose feedback loops, as well as digital circuits, but lack the millisecond response time that PLC's provide.
System/Network controllers may be applied to control one or more mechanical systems such as an Air Handler Unit (AHU), boiler, chiller, etc., or they may supervise a sub-network of controllers. In the diagram above, System/Network controllers are often used in place of PLCs.
Terminal Unit controllers usually are suited for control of lighting and/or simpler devices such as a package rooftop unit, heat pump, VAV box, or fan coil, etc. The installer typically selects 1 of the available pre-programmed personalities best suited to the device to be controlled, and does not have to create new control logic.
Occupancy.
Occupancy is one of two or more operating modes for a building automation system. Unoccupied, Morning Warmup, and Night-time Setback are other common modes.
Occupancy is usually based on time of day schedules. In Occupancy mode, the BAS aims to provides a comfortable climate and adequate lighting, often with zone-based control so that users on one side of a building have a different thermostat (or a different system, or sub system) than users on the opposite side.
A temperature sensor in the zone provides feedback to the controller, so it can deliver heating or cooling as needed.
If enabled, Morning Warmup (MWU) mode occurs prior to Occupancy. During Morning Warmup the BAS tries to bring the building to setpoint just in time for Occupancy. The BAS often factors in outdoor conditions and historical experience to optimize MWU. This is also referred to as Optimised Start.
An override is a manually initiated command to the BAS. For example, many wall-mounted temperature sensors will have a push-button that forces the system into Occupancy mode for a set number of minutes. Where present, web interfaces allow users to remotely initiate an override on the BAS.
Some buildings rely on occupancy sensors to activate lighting and/or climate conditioning. Given the potential for long lead times before a space becomes sufficiently cool or warm, climate conditioning is not often initiated directly by an occupancy sensor.
Lighting.
Lighting can be turned on, off, or dimmed with a building automation or lighting control system based on time of day, or on occupancy sensor, photosensors and timers. One typical example is to turn the lights in a space on for a half hour since the last motion was sensed. A photocell placed outside a building can sense darkness, and the time of day, and modulate lights in outer offices and the parking lot.
Lighting is also a good candidate for Demand response, with many control systems providing the ability to dim (or turn off) lights to take advantage of DR incentives and savings.
In newer buildings, the lighting control is based on the field bus DALI. Lamps with DALI ballasts are fully dimmable. DALI can also detect lamp and ballast failures on DALI luminaires and signals failures.
New components such as WoodTouch by Tecnalia have provided touch interfaces over wooden surfaces for lighting control.
Air handlers.
Most air handlers mix return and outside air so less temperature/humidity conditioning is needed. This can save money by using less chilled or heated water (not all AHUs use chilled/hot water circuits). Some external air is needed to keep the building's air healthy. To optimize energy efficiency while maintaining healthy indoor air quality (IAQ), demand control (or controlled) ventilation (DCV) adjusts the amount of outside air based on measured levels of occupancy.
Analog or digital temperature sensors may be placed in the space or room, the return and supply air ducts, and sometimes the external air. Actuators are placed on the hot and chilled water valves, the outside air and return air dampers. The supply fan (and return if applicable) is started and stopped based on either time of day, temperatures, building pressures or a combination.
Constant volume air-handling units.
The less efficient type of air-handler is a "constant volume air handling unit," or CAV. The fans in CAVs do not have variable-speed controls. Instead, CAVs open and close dampers and water-supply valves to maintain temperatures in the building's spaces. They heat or cool the spaces by opening or closing chilled or hot water valves that feed their internal heat exchangers. Generally one CAV serves several spaces
Variable volume air-handling units.
A more efficient unit is a "variable air volume (VAV) air-handling unit," or VAV. VAVs supply pressurized air to VAV boxes, usually one box per room or area. A VAV air handler can change the pressure to the VAV boxes by changing the speed of a fan or blower with a variable frequency drive or (less efficiently) by moving inlet guide vanes to a fixed-speed fan. The amount of air is determined by the needs of the spaces served by the VAV boxes.
Each VAV box supply air to a small space, like an office. Each box has a damper that is opened or closed based on how much heating or cooling is required in its space. The more boxes are open, the more air is required, and a greater amount of air is supplied by the VAV air-handling unit.
Some VAV boxes also have hot water valves and an internal heat exchanger. The valves for hot and cold water are opened or closed based on the heat demand for the spaces it is supplying. These heated VAV boxes are sometimes used on the perimeter only and the interior zones are cooling only.
A minimum and maximum CFM must be set on VAV boxes to assure adequate ventilation and proper air balance.
VAV hybrid systems.
Another variation is a hybrid between VAV and CAV systems. In this system, the interior zones operate as in a VAV system. The outer zones differ in that the heating is supplied by a heating fan in a central location usually with a heating coil fed by the building boiler. The heated air is ducted to the exterior dual duct mixing boxes and dampers controlled by the zone thermostat calling for either cooled or heated air as needed.
Central plant.
A central plant is needed to supply the air-handling units with water. It may supply a chilled water system, hot water system and a condenser water system, as well as transformers and auxiliary power unit for emergency power. If well managed, these can often help each other. For example, some plants generate electric power at periods with peak demand, using a gas turbine, and then use the turbine's hot exhaust to heat water or power an absorptive chiller.
Chilled water system.
Chilled water is often used to cool a building's air and equipment.
The chilled water system will have chiller(s) and pumps. Analog temperature sensors measure the chilled water supply and return lines. The chiller(s) are sequenced on and off to chill the chilled water supply.
A chiller is a refrigeration unit designed to produce cool (chilled) water for space cooling purposes.
The chilled water is then circulated to one or more cooling coils located in air handling units, fan-coils, or
induction units. Chilled water distribution is not constrained by the 100 foot separation limit that applies
to DX systems, thus chilled water-based cooling systems are typically used in larger buildings. Capacity
control in a chilled water system is usually achieved through modulation of water flow through the coils;
thus, multiple coils may be served from a single chiller without compromising control of any individual unit.
Chillers may operate on either the vapor compression principle or the absorption principle. Vapor compression
chillers may utilize reciprocating, centrifugal, screw, or rotary compressor configurations. Reciprocating
chillers are commonly used for capacities below 200 tons; centrifugal chillers are normally used to
provide higher capacities; rotary and screw chillers are less commonly used, but are not rare. Heat
rejection from a chiller may be by way of an air-cooled condenser or a cooling tower (both discussed
below). Vapor compression chillers may be bundled with an air-cooled condenser to provide a packaged
chiller, which would be installed outside of the building envelope. Vapor compression chillers may also be
designed to be installed separate from the condensing unit; normally such a chiller would be installed in
an enclosed central plant space. Absorption chillers are designed to be installed separate from the
condensing unit.
Condenser water system.
Cooling tower(s) and pumps are used to supply cool condenser water to the chillers. Because the condenser water supply to the chillers has to be constant, variable speed drives are commonly used on the cooling tower fans to control temperature. Proper cooling tower temperature assures the proper refrigerant head pressure in the chiller. The cooling tower set point used depends upon the refrigerant being used. Analog temperature sensors measure the condenser water supply and return lines.
Hot water system.
The hot water system supplies heat to the building's air-handling unit or VAV box heating coils, along with the domestic hot water heating coils (Calorifier).
The hot water system will have a boiler(s) and pumps. Analog temperature sensors are placed in the hot water supply and return lines. Some type of mixing valve is usually used to control the heating water loop temperature. The boiler(s) and pumps are sequenced on and off to maintain supply.
The installation and integration of variable frequency drives can lower the energy consumption of the building's circulation pumps to about 15% of what they had been using before. If that sounds hard to believe, I'll explain, and we can do the math. A variable frequency drive functions by modulating the frequency of the electricity provided to the motor that it powers. In the USA, the electrical grid uses a frequency of 60 Hertz or 60 cycles per second. Variable frequency drives are able to decrease the output and energy consumption of motors by lowering the frequency of the electricity provided to the motor, however the relationship between motor output and energy consumption is not a linear one. If the variable frequency drive provides electricity to the motor at 30 Hertz, the output of the motor will be 50% because 30 Hertz divided by 60 Hertz is 0.5 or 50%. The energy consumption of a motor running at 50% or 30 Hertz will not be 50%, but will instead be something like 18% because the relationship between motor output and energy consumption are not linear. The exact ratios of motor output or Hertz provided to the motor (which are effectively the same thing), and the actual energy consumption of the variable frequency drive / motor combination depend on the efficiency of the variable frequency drive. For example, because the variable frequency drive needs power itself to communicate with the building automation system, run its cooling fan, etc., if the motor always ran at 100% with the variable frequency drive installed the cost of operation or electricity consumption would actually go up with the new variable frequency drive installed. The amount of energy that variable frequency drives consume is nominal and is hardly worth consideration when calculating savings, however it did need to be noted that VFD's do consume energy themselves. Due to the fact that the variable frequency drives rarely ever run at 100% and spend most of their time in the 40% output range, and the fact that now the pumps completely shut down when not needed, the variable frequency drives have reduced the energy consumption of the pumps to around 15% of what they had been using before.
Alarms and security.
All modern building automation systems have alarm capabilities. It does little good to detect a potentially hazardous or costly situation if no one who can solve the problem is notified. Notification can be through a computer (email or text message), pager, cellular phone voice call, audible alarm, or all of these. For insurance and liability purposes all systems keep logs of who was notified, when and how.
Alarms may immediately notify someone or only notify when alarms build to some threshold of seriousness or urgency. At sites with several buildings, momentary power failures can cause hundreds or thousands of alarms from equipment that has shut down — these should be suppressed and recognized as symptoms of a larger failure. Some sites are programmed so that critical alarms are automatically re-sent at varying intervals. For example, a repeating critical alarm (of an power supply in 'by pass') might resound at 10 minutes, 30 minutes, and every 2 to 4 hours thereafter until the alarms are resolved.
Security systems can be interlocked to a building automation system. If occupancy sensors are present, they can also be used as burglar alarms. Because security systems are often deliberately sabotaged, at least some detectors or cameras should have battery backup and wireless connectivity and the ability to trigger alarms when disconnected. Modern systems typically use power-over-Ethernet (which can operate a pan-tilt-zoom camera and other devices up to 30-90 watts) which is capable of charging such batteries and keeps wireless networks free for genuinely wireless applications, such as backup communication in outage.
Fire alarm panels and their related smoke alarm systems are usually hard-wired to override building automation. For example: if the smoke alarm is activated, all the outside air dampers close to prevent air coming into the building, and an exhaust system can isolate the blaze. Similarly, electrical fault detection systems can turn entire circuits off, regardless of the number of alarms this triggers or persons this distresses. Fossil fuel combustion devices also tend to have their own over-rides, such as natural gas feed lines that turn off when slow pressure drops are detected (indicating a leak), or when excess methane is detected in the building's air supply.
Good BAS are aware of these overrides and recognize complex failure conditions. They do not send excessive alerts, nor do they waste precious backup power on trying to turn back on devices that these safety over-rides have turned off. A poor BAS, almost by definition, sends out one alarm for every alert, and does not recognize any manual, fire or electric or fuel safety override. Accordingly good BAS are often built on safety and fire systems.
Room automation.
Room automation is a subset of building automation and with a similar purpose, it is the consolidation of one or more systems under centralized control, though in this case in one room.
The most common example of "room automation" is corporate boardroom, presentation suites, and lecture halls, where the operation of the large number of devices that define the room function (such as videoconferencing equipment, video projectors, lighting control systems, public address systems etc.) would make manual operation of the room very complex. It is common for room automation systems to employ a touchscreen as the primary way of controlling each operation.
Domotronics.
Domotronics
Dom-o-tronics “Domus” (Latin for house) -o- “tronics” (Electronics) deals with the interdisciplinary interaction and intelligent networking of building, energy and communications technology in modern especially larger buildings with complex requirements.
 The aim of the Domotronics is to create buildings, which guarantee optimal comfort, provide a healthy environment, integrate numerous services such as security, communication, HVAC and assistance systems and respond to the occupants and environment through specific sensors for light and heat etc. and automated controls.
Especially suited to large buildings where passive controls may be inadequate or impractical they have also become popular in modern “luxury” houses.

</doc>
<doc id="2893447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893447" title="Terminal access controller">
Terminal access controller

A terminal access controller (TAC) is a host computer that accepts terminal connections, usually from dial-up lines, and that allows the user to invoke Internet remote log-on procedures, such as Telnet.

</doc>
<doc id="2893449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893449" title="Uniaid">
Uniaid

Uni aid was a British charitable organization which was aimed to help young people "overcome financial hurdles to higher education". In 2005, their online financial game, "Student Survivor", gained Highly Commended in the Third Sector Excellence Awards.
In 2007, at the E-learning Awards, the judges awarded their Special Mention prize in the Best E-learning Programme Securing Widespread Adoption category to Uniaid for its three online tools: All About U, Student Survivor and Student Calculator. These tools helped students deal with the financial aspects of getting a college or university degree. In 2008, Uniaid merged with The Brightside Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="2893453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893453" title="Ben Handlogten">
Ben Handlogten

Benjamin Louis Handlogten (born November 16, 1973) is an American former professional basketball player who played in the National Basketball Association and other leagues.
Early life and college.
Handlogten, who was born in Grand Rapids, Michigan graduated from South Christian High School of Grand Rapids and attended Western Michigan University in Kalamazoo, Michigan.
Professional career.
Handlogten grew up as a Detroit Pistons fan during the "" era of the team. Not selected in the 1996 NBA Draft, Handlogten signed with the Pistons as a free agent on September 18, 1996 but was cut before the regular season. entered professional basketball in 1996 with the Grand Rapids Hoops of the Continental Basketball Association. For the 1997–98 season, Handlogten played for Oyak Renault of the Turkish Basketball League (TBL) and averaged 17.6 points, 10.4 rebounds, and 1.4 blocks. In 1998, Handlogten signed with Daiwa of the Japanese bj league and had an average 16.6 points, 11.8 rebounds, and 1.5 blocks.
After his season with Daiwa, Handlogten played two more seasons in the TBL: with Galatasaray in 1999–2000 and Ülkerspor in 2000–01. Handlogten averaged 17.4 points and 8.4 rebounds in the 2001–02 season with Virtus Roma of the Italian Lega Basket Serie A. In the 2002–03 season, Handlogten played for Makedonikos B.C. of the Greek Basket League and was the league's top rebounder that season with 12.8 per game. With Makedonikos, Handlogten scored an average 16.8 points per game and also had 1.4 assists and 1.1 blocks per game.
He signed as an undrafted free agent with the Utah Jazz of the National Basketball Association (NBA) on September 30, 2003. Handlogten played 17 games and averaged 4.0 points, 3.2 rebounds, and 0.4 assists before a season-ending ACL injury on December 26, 2003. Handlogten scored a career-high 13 points on December 12 and made a season-high 9 rebounds two days later, December 14.
On February 19, 2004, the Jazz traded Handlogten and Keon Clark to the Phoenix Suns for Tom Gugliotta and future draft picks; the Suns waived Handlogten the following day. Following two ten-day contracts, Handlogten signed a contract for the rest of the season with the Utah Jazz on March 29, 2005. He averaged 4.5 points, 3.1 rebounds, and 0.6 assists in 21 games (5 starts). On April 1, Handlogten scored a season-high 12 points and made a season- and career-high 11 rebounds.
The New Jersey Nets waived Handlogten on November 8, 2005, after Handlogten signed on October 4. Handlogten then signed with Ulsan Mobis Phoebus of the Korean Basketball League the following week. On February 19, 2006, he agreed to join Winterthur FC Barcelona of Liga ACB for the rest of the season. However, the team delayed the signing pending medical examinations. In March 2006, he was cut by the team.
Post-playing career.
After his basketball career, Handlogten became owner of a real estate/construction company in Charlotte, North Carolina. Joining the school as an assistant coach in 2008, Handlogten became head boys' basketball coach at SouthLake Christian Academy of Huntersville, North Carolina. In 2011, Handlogten became an executive at a medical supply company.

</doc>
<doc id="2893458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893458" title="Royal Group Technologies">
Royal Group Technologies

Royal Group Technologies is a large Canadian building supplies maker and plastics company. Based in Woodbridge, Ontario it also has operations in much of Latin America and in Poland and China. In the 2000s it was plagued by scandals and financial losses.
The company was founded as Royal Plastics Group in 1970 by Vittorio "Vic" De Zen. It quickly rose to become on of Canada's largest plastic makers, specializing in PVC pipe, window profiles, and other plastics products. It had its own chemical plant in Bradford, Ontario and a large PVC recycling facility. The company developed the Royal Building System, a construction technique using PVC frames filled with concrete, that allows very sturdy structures to be constructured in only a few days. It also moved into other areas, such as lawn furniture. It also moved into metals with its Baron Metal subsidiary.
The company went public in 1994, and the stock rapidly increased and three years later De Zen's own holdings were worth $600 million. Because of generous stock options some 200 other employees became millionaires as well. In 1997 the company was renamed Royal Group Technologies as sale grew to $2 billion per year.
In 2003 investors began to complain about the company, which was seeing falling earnings. De Zen retained over 80% of the votes at shareholders meeting, and continued to pay himself a multi-million dollar bonus. The stock price collapsed from over $30 to under $7 in little over a year. Losing money, it placed its money losing window coverings division under new management. In November 2003 De Zen resigned as CEO, being replaced by Douglas Dunsmuir. He remained chairman, and through his stock holdings control of the company. The stock recovered somewhat, increasing in value by over 70% over the next months.
However in February 2004 the Ontario Securities Commission and RCMP announced that they were investigating the company in connection with land deals in the Caribbean. The stock again fell sharply. This caused problems for Greg Sorbara, a former Royal Group board member, who had become Ontario's finance minister in 2003. The investigation focused on De Zen, Dunsmuir and former CFO Gary Brown. It was alleged that the Royal Group has defrauded shareholders in its relation with a resort owned by the executives on the island of St. Kitts. De Zen and his brother in law, Fortunato Bordin, had borrowed $114 million from Scotiabank to build the resort. Scotiabank headquarters were raided by 25 members of the RCMP's Integrated Market Enforcement Team on 1 February 2005 "to collect documentary and other evidence in connection to the ongoing criminal investigation into the financial activities of Royal Group Technologies Ltd. ".
In November 2004 forensic auditors found what was then regarded as a suspicious land deal in Canada in which De Zen and other executives had bought land and then resold it to the company. They found that a 75 hectare lot in Woodbridge had been purchased for $20.5 million and then resold to Royal Group that same day for $27 million. The company fired De Zen as chairman, Dunsmuir, and new CFO Ron Goegan. James Sardo was appointed as the new CEO. The scandal also affected Scotiabank, the company's banker, which was subject to a high profile RCMP raid in February 2005.
In March 2005 De Zen relinquished control over the company when he exchanged his multiple-voting shares for common stock. This left the company an attractive target for a takeover attempt. It was reported that Cerberus Capital Management was preparing a $1.3-billion bid for the firm. The company put itself up for sale in the spring of 2005.
Georgia Gulf Corporation, a large PVC raw-material manufacturer, completed its acquisition of Royal Group on October 3, 2006 for $1.6 billion.
The trial respecting the allegations made against Mr. De Zen and others commenced in April 2010. Crown prosecutors had sought a jury trial, but the Ontario Superior Court noted that "the Crown engaged in an "abuse of process"" and denied the request.
On December 10, 2010, at the conclusion of the five-month trial, the trial judge acquitted the defendants of the two charges they faced. The trial judge found overwhelming evidence supporting the defence that no fraud, no deceit, no dishonesty and no concealment had taken place. Indeed, the judge indicated that it would be a "travesty of justice" to wait even one day before pronouncing the verdict of not guilty.

</doc>
<doc id="2893459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893459" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of La Crosse">
Roman Catholic Diocese of La Crosse

The Roman Catholic Diocese of La Crosse () covers an area of west-central Wisconsin.
Diocese area.
The diocese includes the city of La Crosse and 19 counties: Adams, Buffalo, Chippewa, Clark, Crawford, Dunn, Eau Claire, Jackson, Juneau, La Crosse, Marathon, Monroe, Pepin, Pierce, Portage, Richland, Trempealeau, Vernon, and Wood.
The Metropolitan for the diocese is the Archdiocese of Milwaukee. The mother church is the Cathedral of Saint Joseph the Workman, and the Bishop of La Crosse is the former Milwaukee Auxiliary Bishop, William P. Callahan, appointed by Pope Benedict XVI on Friday, June 11, 2010. He was installed on August 11, 2010. On November 14, 2009, the former La Crosse Bishop Jerome Listecki was appointed Archbishop of Milwaukee. He succeeded Archbishop Timothy Dolan who was transferred to New York. Listecki was installed in Milwaukee on January 4, 2010. In 2006, Listecki had succeeded Raymond Leo Burke as La Crosse's bishop; Burke had become the Archbishop of St. Louis, Missouri and later the Prefect of the Supreme Tribunal of the Apostolic Signatura, the Vatican's highest court. Burke succeeded Bishop John Joseph Paul in 1994.
History.
The Diocese of La Crosse was established by Pope Pius IX on March 3, 1868, from territory that was taken from what was then the Diocese of Milwaukee. It included the part of Wisconsin lying north and west of the Wisconsin River. Michael Heiss. Then head of St. Francis Seminary, Milwaukee, was named the first bishop and La Crosse the see.
On May 3, 1905, the territory of the Dioceses of La Crosse and Green Bay was brought together to form the Diocese of Superior, reducing the diocese to the counties of Adams, Buffalo, Chippewa, Clark, Crawford, Dunn, Eau Claire, Grant, Iowa, Jackson, Juneau, La Crosse, Lafayette, Marathon, Monroe, Pepin, Pierce, Richland, Sauk, Trempealeau, Vernon, and Wood, an area of .
When the diocese was established, there were 22 priests who had to care for 23 churches and about 50 stations. Along with the English and German congregations, provisions were also made for Poles and Italians. Franciscan sisters and lay teachers had charge of six parish schools. During the twelve years of his administration in La Crosse, Heiss built several churches, including the cathedral, and the episcopal residence. On March 14, 1880, he was appointed coadjutor with right of succession to the Archbishop of Milwaukee, and succeeded, September 7, 1881. He died at La Crosse, March 26, 1890.
Kilian Flasch, second bishop, was born at Retzstadt, Bavaria, July 16, 1837, immigrated when he was ten years old, and settled near Milwaukee. He was selected as the successor of Bishop Heiss and consecrated Bishop of La Crosse, August 24, 1881. During his administration of ten years he worked to increase the churches and the schools of the diocese, dying after a long illness on August 3, 1891.
James Schwebach, his vicar-general, succeeded him as the third bishop, and was consecrated, February 25, 1892.
On January 9, 1946, territory from the Dioceses of La Crosse and Green Bay and the Archdiocese of Milwaukee was taken to form the Diocese of Madison.
Father Solanus Casey, of the Capuchin religious order, who was declared venerable by Pope John Paul II in 1995, was born in Pierce County, Wisconsin, which is part of the Diocese of La Crosse.
The Diocese today.
Throughout its 19 counties, the diocese has 108 parishes with a resident pastor and 57 others without a resident pastor. There are 177 diocesan priests incardinated in the diocese, while another 15 priests belong to various religious institutes. In December 2012, 32 seminarians were studying to enter the priesthood of the diocese. There are also four religious brothers, 31 permanent deacons, five hermits and three consecrated virgins. 447 religious sisters belong mainly to two large religious institutes: the Sisters of St. Joseph of the Third Order of St. Francis in Stevens Point and the Franciscan Sisters of Perpetual Adoration in La Crosse. Other active religious are the Franciscan Friars of the Immaculate in La Crosse, Capuchins in Marathon, and the Cistercians in Sparta. The Sisters of St Francis of the Martyr St George also have a convent in La Crosse.
Bishops of the Diocese of La Crosse.
The following is a list of the Bishops of the Diocese of La Crosse and their terms of service:
Diocesan institutions.
Among the institutions in the Diocese of La Crosse are 10 Catholic-affiliated hospitals; Viterbo University, which enrolls 2,167 students; St. Rose of Viterbo Convent, the motherhouse of the Franciscan Sisters of Perpetual Adoration, and the Shrine of Our Lady of Guadalupe in La Crosse. The first Mass was held at the Shrine on July 31, 2008. Prairie du Chien was home to the Jesuit-run Campion High School until its closing in 1975.
Elementary/middle schools.
The diocese's 74 elementary schools enroll 8,717 students per year.
Stevens Point Area Catholic Schools (SPACS).
"SPACS" is a private, PreK-12 Catholic school system located in Stevens Point, Wisconsin. A consolidation of 6 parish schools, SPACS includes one early childhood center (preschool), three elementary schools (grades K-5), one middle school (grades 6-8), and one high school (grades 9-12). SPACS is supported by seven local parishes: St. Bronislava; St. Joseph; St. Stanislaus Kostka; St. Stephens; St. Peters; Newman; St. Mary (Immaculate Conception) of Torun.
Publications.
The Diocese of La Crosse publishes a bi-weekly newspaper, "The Catholic Times", which has approximately 29,000 subscribers.

</doc>
<doc id="2893462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893462" title="Old Synagogue">
Old Synagogue

Old Synagogue can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2893465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893465" title="Fort McMurray International Airport">
Fort McMurray International Airport

Fort McMurray International Airport is located southeast of Fort McMurray, Alberta, Canada. Fort McMurray Airport Authority is a community-based not-for-profit organization that owns and operates the Fort McMurray Airport since 2010. The airport has seen a rise in business over the last 10 years due to an economic boom in the Athabasca oil sands. In 2013, the airport served 1,195,378 passengers, ranking among the busiest airports in Canada.
The airport is nearing completion of the new international terminal building which will open on June 9, 2014. The new international terminal is located south of the current runway and will provide capacity for over 1.5 million passengers annually.
New Fort McMurray International Airport.
As the current terminal building can only accommodate 250,000, the ever exceeding growth in passenger demand has pushed for the construction of a new building. The new International Terminal, which includes the construction of both a new terminal building and the redevelopment of the surrounding airport lands, will help satisfy the demand and accommodate future growth. Located south of the existing runway, the new terminal building will provide much needed airport capacity. The new terminal building will is approximately and totals an area the size of 2.5 Canadian football fields. This increase in capacity is not only vital to the growth of the airport and airport partners, but to the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo as well. The new international terminal building will also solidify the airport's position as an important economic generator for the region as reflected by the over $412 million in economic activity generated in 2013. Fort McMurray Airport forms part of the gateway to the region and has been a key to the transformation of Fort McMurray from a small town to a dynamic city.
Concession program.
The new Fort McMurray International Airport will feature 16 food and beverage and retail outlets including some of the first ever in-airport locations for Earl's, Famoso Neapolitan Pizzeria. The 16 concessions include:
Public transit.
Bus.
Bus service operates between the airport and downtown Fort McMurray via the Route 11 Airport Shuttle bus. This service operates seven days a week and has stops located at eight major hotels throughout the downtown core and at Keyno College. The service is part of the Wood Buffalo Transit System.
FBOs.
There are two fixed based operators that service aircraft:

</doc>
<doc id="2893468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893468" title="YMM">
YMM

YMM may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2893469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893469" title="San Pedro, Buenos Aires Province">
San Pedro, Buenos Aires Province

San Pedro, which full name is Rincon de San Pedro Dávila de los Arrecifes, is a city and port of the Province of Buenos Aires, Argentina, on the side of the Parana River. It's the head city of the Partido de San Pedro, which also includes the following settlements: Rio Tala, Gobernador Castro, Santa Lucia, Pueblo Doyle, and Vuelta de Obligado. It's situated 164 km away from Buenos Aires via National Route 9, and 141 km away from Rosario.
Economy.
San Pedro is located in the industrial corridor between Buenos Aires and Rosario, and is readily accessible to both via National Highway 9, as well as by the Mitre Railway Line. Natural harbors along San Pedro's Paraná River shores contributed to its early development as a trading hub, and later to its industrial base, and the city is today home to an important port.
Among the service sector activities that stand out in San Pedro are tourism, since the city is a frequent weekend destination for visitors from Buenos Aires. San Pedro draws tourism with its well-preserved nineteenth century architecture, as well as from the surrounding natural beauty. A marina and numerous riverfront hotels have opened in recent decades, notably a Howard Johnson's, and San Pedro is a leading regional destination for water sports enthusiasts in Argentina.
San Pedro is known for its fruit production, being the main products oranges and peaches, in that order. Another typical product from San Pedro is the "ensaïmada", a pastry of Mallorcan origin, and the city has been declared "National Capital of the Argentine Ensaimada."
History.
The foundation of San Pedro can be traced to 1637, when a document signed by Pedro Esteban Dávila (Gentlement of the Orden de Santiago, Governor and General Captain), established an outpost on the site, and with its current name. The land was deeded to Captain Juan Gutiérrez de Humanes in 1641 for his services to the Crown. San Pedro began as a settlement on August 26, 1748, when construction began on the "Antigüo Convento Recoleto de Franciscanos", around which the original settlement developed. The parish of San Pedro was created in 1778, and on December 30, 1784, the "Partido" (County) was officially established.
The historic Battle of Vuelta de Obligado took place on the town's Paraná River shores on November 20, 1845. The city is home to a sizable Italian Argentine community, who established the local "Sociedad Italiana de Unión y Benevolencia", a charitable organization, in 1873. San Pedro was officially designated as a city by the Provincial Legislature on July 25, 1907. A former Querandí settlement, a vestige of the area's original inhabitants, was unearthed nearby by archaeologists in 1965. The nation's largest newsprint maker, Papel Prensa, established its principal facility in San Pedro in 1978.
Culture.
The city is home to an active trade by artisans; the host a weekly fair on the "Parque Artistico", and a selection of their works can be seen in the "Sueño del Tano" Museum. Other local museums include the Museum of Paleontology, the Fernando García Curten Museum, and the Osvaldo "Pato" Morresi Museum; Morresi (1952 — 94) was a champion Turismo Carretera stock car racer.
San Pedro has six FM radio stations, cable television service, and the newspapers "El Imparcial", "El Diario de San Pedro", and the weekly "La Opinión".
Sanpedrinos fallen in the Falklands War.
Numerous Sanpedrinos fought in the ill-fated Falklands War of 1982, and in 2005, the City Council passed a resolution in their honor. These included:

</doc>
<doc id="2893471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893471" title="Pi Aurigae">
Pi Aurigae

Pi Aurigae (π Aur, π Aurigae) is the Bayer designation for a star in the northern constellation of Auriga. Located about one degree north of the 2nd magnitude star Beta Aurigae, Pi Aurigae is visible to the naked eye with an apparent visual magnitude of 4.25 Based upon parallax measurements, it is approximately away from Earth. At that distance, the brightness of the star is diminished by 0.54 in magnitude from extinction caused by interstellar gas and dust.
Pi Aurigae is a bright giant star with a stellar classification of M3 II. The measured angular diameter of this star, after correction for limb darkening, is . At the estimated distance of Pi Aurigae, this yields a physical size of about 265 times the radius of the Sun. It is classified as an slow irregular variable of type LC and its brightness varies from magnitude +4.24 to +4.34.
References.
\end{align}</math></ref>

</doc>
<doc id="2893484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893484" title="Tomáš Kaberle">
Tomáš Kaberle

Tomáš Kaberle (; born March 2, 1978) is a Czech professional ice hockey defenceman, who currently is playing with Czech club HC Kladno. He previously played for the Toronto Maple Leafs, the Boston Bruins, the Carolina Hurricanes, and the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League (NHL).
A four-time NHL All-Star, Kaberle also played for the Czech national ice hockey team and won a bronze medal with the team at the 2006 Winter Olympics. Kaberle is currently the second-highest scoring defenceman in Maple Leafs franchise history, behind only Börje Salming. Though Kaberle began and played most of his career with Toronto, it was only after he was traded to the Boston Bruins that he won his first Stanley Cup.
His older brother František is a former National Hockey League defenceman. Their father, František, Sr., played for the Czechoslovakian national ice hockey team in the 1970s and 80s.
Playing career.
Toronto Maple Leafs.
Kaberle was drafted 204th in the eighth round of the 1996 NHL Entry Draft by Toronto, and saw limited playing time in the 1998–99 NHL season. After being eased into the Leafs lineup, he saw a significant increase in playing time in order to help fill in the gap on the Leafs after an injury to Bryan Berard in the 1999–2000 NHL season. By the 2001–02 campaign, Kaberle had improved enough to be selected to the World team at the 2002 NHL All-Star Game. Later that year, he was named to the Czech national ice hockey team for the 2002 Winter Olympics.
Kaberle started the 2001–02 campaign as a restricted free agent without a contract, and ended up playing in the Czech Extraliga for HC Rabat Kladno while a new contract was negotiated. Ultimately, he signed a contract with the Leafs securing his services through 2005–06. On February 11, 2006, Tomáš Kaberle was re-signed to a five-year contract extension worth $21.25 million with a no-trade clause for the first three years of the contract, effective July 1, 2006. This deal locked him in until the end of the 2010–11 NHL season.
On October 28, 2006, he scored his first career hat-trick against the Montreal Canadiens. He also scored in his first shootout attempt that night. Kaberle was named as an Eastern Conference All-Star Game participant for the second time in his career on January 12, 2007.
During a March 2, 2007 game against the New Jersey Devils, Kaberle suffered a concussion and was carried off the ice on a stretcher, as a result of a late hit to the head by Cam Janssen. While no penalty was called on the play, Janssen was assessed a three-game suspension. In an interview, Kaberle mentioned that Janssen had not contacted him for reconciliation, and went on to say, "I don't care hear from him. He doesn't respect me and I don't respect him." After missing eight games, he returned to the Leafs lineup on March 23.
Although Kaberle has scored relatively few goals, he has scored seven times in overtime.
During the 2008 NHL All Star Game Skills Competition, Kaberle became the fourth player, after Ray Bourque, Mark Messier, and Jeremy Roenick, to hit all four targets in four shots in the accuracy challenge. Kaberle again participated in the accuracy challenge during the 2009 NHL All-Star Game in Montreal, although he was unable to defend his title against Evgeni Malkin of the Pittsburgh Penguins.
During a losing streak at the start of the 2009–10 regular season, Kaberle, along with Niklas Hagman, led the Leafs to their first victory of the season, a 6–3 victory over the Anaheim Ducks. Kaberle had one goal and four assists, and earned the second star of the game (because Hagman had a hat-trick). He began the season on a particular hot streak, scoring 22 points in the first 20 games, and leading the NHL in defenceman scoring. On December 1, 2009, Kaberle passed former Leaf great Tim Horton for second on the franchise all-time scoring list amongst defencemen with his 459th NHL point.
Boston Bruins.
On February 18, 2011, in a well-publicized trade, Kaberle was sent to the Boston Bruins in exchange for prospect Joe Colborne, Boston's 1st round choice in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft, and a 2nd round draft choice in 2012 conditional upon the Bruins reaching the 2011 Stanley Cup Finals or re-signing Kaberle. He won the Stanley Cup with the Bruins on June 15, 2011, beating the Vancouver Canucks.
Carolina and Montreal.
On July 5, 2011, Kaberle signed a three-year contract worth $12.75 million with the Carolina Hurricanes. He played in 29 games for the Hurricanes registering 9 assists and a -12 rating.
On December 9, 2011, Kaberle in only the first year of his contract he was traded by the Hurricanes to the Montreal Canadiens in exchange for Jaroslav Spacek. He recorded two assists in his first game in a Canadiens uniform, a 2-1 victory over the New Jersey Devils.
Kaberle returned to his native Czech Republic to play for Kladno during the NHL lockout. After playing 10 games in the Extraliga, he decided to cease playing and spend more time with his family on October 25, 2012. Having returned for the shortened 2012–13 season, Kaberle was primarily a healthy scratch amongst the resurgent Canadiens blueline. On March 30, 2013, he was placed on waivers by the team, but through unclaimed. He finished the season appearing in a career low 10 games for 3 points.
On June 28, 2013, Kaberle was given a compliance buyout by the Montreal Canadiens to be released as a free agent.
In September 2013, Kaberle signed a contract with Czech club HC Kladno.
International.
Kaberle was selected to the Czech national team in the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City, where they were eliminated in the quarterfinals.
Kaberle and his older brother František were members of the Czech national ice hockey team at the 2005 World Ice Hockey Championships in Vienna, where they won gold. While František won the World Championships for the fifth time, it was the first victory for Tomáš. In December 2005 they were both named for the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin, Italy, where they won bronze medals with the team. The next year, Kaberle accepted his nomination for 2006 World Championships in Riga where the Czech team won silver medals. Tomas also played in the 2010 Olympics for the Czech Republic, but rejected an invitation to play at the 2010 World Ice Hockey Championships held in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="2893489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893489" title="Kappa Aurigae">
Kappa Aurigae

Kappa Aurigae (κ Aur, κ Aurigae) is the Bayer designation for a star in the northern constellation of Auriga. It is visible to the naked eye with an apparent visual magnitude of 4.3. Based upon an annual parallax shift of 19.31 mas, it is approximately distant from Earth.
This is an evolved giant star with a stellar classification of G8.5 IIIb. It is a red clump star that is generating energy through the fusion of helium at its core. Kappa Aurigae has expanded to 11 times the radius of the Sun and shines with 54 times the Sun's luminosity. This energy is radiated into outer space from the outer envelope at an effective temperature of 4,732 K. At this heat, the star glows with the orange-hue of a G-type star.

</doc>
<doc id="2893492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893492" title="The Big E Coliseum">
The Big E Coliseum

The Eastern States Coliseum, better known as the Big E Coliseum, is a 5,900-seat multi-purpose arena in West Springfield, Massachusetts.
History.
The Big E Coliseum was built in 1926. The longtime home of the Springfield Indians professional hockey team in the American Hockey League, it was a part time home to the New England Whalers ice hockey team while the team was in the World Hockey Association, as well as briefly being the venue for the Hartford Whalers when the team joined the National Hockey League, until the repair of the Hartford Civic Center in January, 1980. In the 1940s through to the building of the Springfield Civic Center in 1972, the Coliseum frequently hosted local showings of the Ice Capades and the Ice Follies.
Today, though the ice plant has been dismantled and hockey games are no longer played there, the arena is a venue for The Big E, and hosts Shriner circuses, equestrian shows and other local events. The Coliseum has often been the location for the draft horse World Championship Finals, serving as such in 1998, 1999, 2002, 2003, 2004 and 2009.
Indians and The Coliseum.
The first game played in the new arena was on December 1, 1926. Boxing promoter Tex Rickard dropped the ceremonial first puck. The Springfield Indians lost to the Providence Reds 3–1. In 1933, the parent New York Rangers decided to pull the franchise out of Springfield, but the Indians were back in the Coliseum for the 1935–36 season when J. Lucien Garneau transferred his Quebec City club to Springfield. Since there were no more Canadian teams in the league, the circuit in 1936–37 became the American Hockey League. When World War II broke out, the franchise had to be suspended for the duration of the war due to the Eastern States Exposition grounds being commandeered by the United States Army for use as a quartermaster's depot. The Indians were back at the Coliseum for the 1946–47 season until 1972, when the team moved into the Springfield Civic Center in downtown Springfield at the start of the 1972–73 season. The Coliseum was also used by the New England Whalers of the WHA for two seasons before moving to Hartford. The franchise remains as the Carolina Hurricanes of the NHL. After this, it served primarily as a venue for high school hockey until the deteriorating ice plant was removed in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="2893493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893493" title="But Can They Sing?">
But Can They Sing?

But Can They Sing? is a reality television series that premiered on October 30, 2005 on VH1 as part of its celebreality programming. Hosted by Ahmet Zappa, the series was partially based on NBC's announced but abandoned project "I'm a Celebrity but I Wanna Be a Pop Star" (originally entitled "Celebrity Pop Superstar"). Like its network predecessor, it was produced by Granada America. In January 2006 VH1 announced that the show would not return for a second season.
Premise.
Nine celebrities set out to prove their singing prowess in an "American Idol"-style competition, while viewers voted online on their favorite performers. The celebrities were aided in their quest by movement/dance instructor Tony Michaels and vocal coaches Jackie Simley-Stevens and Rachel Riggs. The winner's favorite charity received $50,000.
Contestants.
During Week 6, all nine contestants (except Joe Pantoliano) returned to perform "Bohemian Rhapsody" (Queen, 1975).

</doc>
<doc id="2893499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893499" title="Young Winston">
Young Winston

Young Winston is a 1972 British film based on the early years of British Prime Minister Winston Churchill.
The film was based on the book "My Early Life: A Roving Commission" by Winston Churchill. The first part of the film covers Churchill's unhappy schooldays, up to the death of his father. The second half covers his service as a cavalry officer in India and the Sudan, during which he takes part in the cavalry charge at Omdurman, his experiences as a war correspondent in the Second Boer War, during which he is captured and escapes, and his election to Parliament at the age of 26.
Churchill was played by Simon Ward, who was relatively unknown at the time but was supported by a distinguished cast including Robert Shaw (as Lord Randolph Churchill), John Mills (as Lord Kitchener), Anthony Hopkins (as David Lloyd George) and Anne Bancroft as Churchill's mother Jennie. Other actors included Patrick Magee, Robert Hardy, Ian Holm, Edward Woodward and Jack Hawkins.
The film was written and produced by Carl Foreman and directed by Richard Attenborough. It was nominated for Academy Awards for Best Screenplay, Best Art Direction (Donald M. Ashton, Geoffrey Drake, John Graysmark, William Hutchinson, Peter James) and Best Costume Design.
Production.
Carl Foreman was invited to meet Winston Churchill after he had seen and enjoyed Foreman's 1961 production of "The Guns of Navarone". At their meeting Churchill suggested that his book "My Early Life" would make an excellent film. 
Foreman was impressed by Richard Attenborough's "Oh! What a Lovely War" and at first wanted him to both direct and play Lord Randolph Churchill; Attenborough declined the latter offer.
The film was made in Morocco and the United Kingdom, with several scenes shot at Penwyllt and Coelbren, Powys, on the edge of the Brecon Beacons, and the scene where Churchill learnt to ride at the Cavalry Riding School building at Beaumont Barracks in Aldershot.
Release on VHS and DVD.
At July 2009 the longest edition available on DVD is "Young Winston: Special Edition" at 146 minutes, cut from the original U.S. theatrical release which was 157 minutes. VHS tapes cut the film to just 124 minutes. The full uncensored version of the film is currently unavailable on DVD.

</doc>
<doc id="2893502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893502" title="Provigo">
Provigo

Provigo is a grocery retailer based in Quebec, Canada, consisting of over 300 stores and franchises throughout the province. A majority of the stores are located in the Montreal area. It is owned by Loblaw Companies Limited. 
The chain's advertising slogan is "Si vite, si bon!" ("So quick, so good!")
History.
Provigo was founded in 1969 by a consortium of four wholesalers under the Couvrette & Provost name, which was changed to Provigo in 1970.
At first it used three names for its identity: "Provigain", "Provibec" and "Provipop". But as it began acquiring other chains in the 1970s and 1980s, the company decided to consolidate them into one name, so all of the stores, including those they would later acquire, were renamed Provigo in 1979.
Acquisitions included Les Aubaines alimentaires in 1972, Jato in 1975, Dionne in 1977, Dominion and Raymond in 1979, A&P Montréal in 1984 and Steinberg in 1992.
In 1998 Provigo was purchased by Loblaw Companies Limited.
Beginning in 2008, the Provigo logo style and branding (but not the Provigo name itself, or the "P" logo) were repurposed for the SaveEasy chain in Atlantic Canada. SaveEasy and Provigo remain separate chains.
On July 18, 2013, Provigo introduced its new concept "Provigo Le Marché". The logo for Provigo Le Marché has the familiar "L" logo from Loblaws. The first store opened in Sherbrooke, Quebec. More stores are being rolled outincluding Kirkland, Quebec. 
Locations.
Quebec.
87 locations:

</doc>
<doc id="2893504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893504" title="The Earth, a Small Man, His Dog and a Chicken">
The Earth, a Small Man, His Dog and a Chicken

The Earth, a Small Man, His Dog and a Chicken is the thirteenth studio album by REO Speedwagon, and was released in 1990. To date, it's the last REO album to chart, peaking at #129 on the Billboard 200. The song "Love Is a Rock" reached #66 on Billboard's Hot 100, and "Live It Up" reached #6 on Billboard's Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks.
Following the departure of two long-time members, guitarist and songwriter Gary Richrath and drummer Alan Gratzer, almost one half of the songs on this album were written or co-written by keyboardist Jesse Harms. It is also the first album to include guitarist Dave Amato and drummer Bryan Hitt.
Personnel.
REO Speedwagon
Charts.
Album - Billboard (North America)
Singles - Billboard (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="2893505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893505" title="Unified Socialist Party (Burkina Faso)">
Unified Socialist Party (Burkina Faso)

Unified Socialist Party (in French: "Parti Socialiste Unifié") is a political party in Burkina Faso. PSU was founded in 2001, following a split from the Burkinabè Socialist Party (PSB).
The party is led by Benoît Lompo. PSU is part of the United Burkinabé Opposition (OBU) and the Socialist Alliance (together with the People's Movement for Socialism / Federal Party). However, the decision of the Socialist Alliance to support Dr. Emile Paré in the 2005 presidential elections has strained the relations between PSU and OBU.

</doc>
<doc id="2893507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893507" title="Aradia, or the Gospel of the Witches">
Aradia, or the Gospel of the Witches

Aradia, or the Gospel of the Witches is a book composed by the American folklorist Charles Godfrey Leland that was published in 1899. It contains what he believed was the religious text of a group of pagan witches in Tuscany, Italy that documented their beliefs and rituals, although various historians and folklorists have disputed the existence of such a group. In the 20th century, the book was very influential in the development of the contemporary Pagan religion of Wicca.
The text is a composite. Some of it is Leland's translation into English of an original Italian manuscript, the "Vangelo" (gospel). Leland reported receiving the manuscript from his primary informant on Italian witchcraft beliefs, a woman Leland referred to as "Maddalena" and whom he called his "witch informant" in Italy. The rest of the material comes from Leland's research on Italian folklore and traditions, including other related material from Maddalena. Leland had been informed of the "Vangelo"s existence in 1886, but it took Maddalena eleven years to provide him with a copy. After translating and editing the material, it took another two years for the book to be published. Its fifteen chapters portray the origins, beliefs, rituals, and spells of an Italian pagan witchcraft tradition. The central figure of that religion is the goddess Aradia, who came to Earth to teach the practice of witchcraft to peasants in order for them to oppose their feudal oppressors and the Roman Catholic Church.
Leland's work remained obscure until the 1950s, when other theories about, and claims of, "pagan witchcraft" survivals began to be widely discussed. "Aradia" began to be examined within the wider context of such claims. Scholars are divided, with some dismissing Leland's assertion regarding the origins of the manuscript, and others arguing for its authenticity as a unique documentation of folk beliefs. Along with increased scholarly attention, "Aradia" came to play a special role in the history of Gardnerian Wicca and its offshoots, being used as evidence that pagan witchcraft survivals existed in Europe, and because a passage from the book's first chapter was used as a part of the religion's liturgy. After the increase in interest in the text, it became widely available through numerous reprints from a variety of publishers, including a 1999 critical edition with a new translation by Mario and Dina Pazzaglini.
Origins.
Charles Godfrey Leland was an American author and folklorist, and spent much of the 1890s in Florence researching Italian folklore. "Aradia" was one of the products of Leland's research. While Leland's name is the one principally associated with "Aradia", the manuscript that makes up the bulk of it is attributed to the research of an Italian woman that Leland and Leland's biographer, his niece Elizabeth Robins Pennell, referred to as "Maddalena". According to folklorist Roma Lister, a contemporary and friend of Leland's, Maddalena's real name was Margherita, and she was a "witch" from Florence who claimed a family lineage from the Etruscans and knowledge of ancient rituals. Professor Robert Mathiesen, as a contributor to the Pazzaglini translation of Aradia, mentions a letter from Maddalena to Leland, which he states is signed "Maddalena Talenti" (the last name being a guess as the handwriting is difficult to decipher). However, pagan scholar Raven Grimassi presented a document at the Pantheacon convention on February 17, 2008, revealing that Maddalena's last name was actually Taluti. This document was reproduced from The International Folklore Congress: Papers and Transactions, 1892 - page 454.
Leland reports meeting Maddalena in 1886, and she became the primary source for his Italian folklore collecting for several years. Leland describes her as belonging to a vanishing tradition of sorcery. He writes that "by long practice has perfectly learned... just what I want, and how to extract it from those of her kind." He received several hundred pages worth of material from her, which was incorporated into his books "Etruscan Roman Remains in Popular Tradition", "Legends of Florence Collected From the People", and eventually "Aradia". Leland wrote that he had "learned that there was in existence a manuscript setting forth the doctrines of Italian witchcraft" in 1886, and had urged Maddalena to find it. Eleven years later, on 1 January 1897, Leland received the "Vangelo" by post. The manuscript was written in Maddalena's handwriting. Leland understood it to be an authentic document of the "Old Religion" of the witches, but explains that he did not know if the text came from written or oral sources. Maddalena's correspondence with Leland indicated that she intended to marry a man named Lorenzo Bruciatelli and emigrate to the United States, and the "Vangelo" was the last material Leland received from her. Author Raven Grimassi, at the Pantheacon convention on February 17, 2008, presented a copy of a letter written by Leland (housed in The Library of Congress). The letter states that Maddalena did not follow through with her plans, but instead left her husband and worked in Genoa for a period of time before returning to Florence.
Leland's translation and editing was completed in early 1897 and submitted to David Nutt for publication. Two years passed, until Leland wrote requesting the return of the manuscript in order to submit it to a different publishing house. This request spurred Nutt to accept the book, and it was published in July 1899 in a small print run. Wiccan author Raymond Buckland claims to have been the first to reprint the book in 1968 through his "Buckland Museum of Witchcraft" press, but a British reprint was made by "Wiccens" Charles "Rex Nemorensis" and Mary Cardell in the early 1960s. Since then the text has been repeatedly reprinted by a variety of different publishers, including as a 1998 retranslation by Mario and Dina Pazzaglini with essays and commentary.
Contents.
After the eleven-year search, Leland writes that he was unsurprised by the contents of the "Vangelo". It was largely what he was expecting, with the exception that he did not predict passages in "prose-poetry". "I also believe that in this Gospel of the Witches", comments Leland in the appendix, "we have a trustworthy outline at least of the doctrine and rites observed at witches' Sabbat. They adored forbidden deities and practised forbidden deeds, inspired as much by rebellion against Society as by their own passions."
Leland's final draft was a slim volume. He organised the material to be included into fifteen chapters, and added a brief preface and an appendix. The published version also included footnotes and, in many places, the original Italian that Leland had translated. Most of the content of Leland's "Aradia" is made up of spells, blessings and rituals, but the text also contains stories and myths which suggest influences from both the ancient Roman religion and Roman Catholicism. Major characters in the myths include the Roman goddess Diana, a sun god called Lucifer, the Biblical Cain as a lunar figure, and the messianic Aradia. The witchcraft of "The Gospel of the Witches" is both a method for casting spells and an anti-hierarchical "counter-religion" to the Catholic church.
Themes.
Entire chapters of Aradia are devoted to rituals and magic spells. These include enchantments to win love (Chapter VI), a conjuration to perform when finding a stone with a hole or a round stone in order to turn it into an amulet for Diana's favour (Chapter IV) and the consecration of a ritual feast for Diana, Aradia and Cain (Chapter II). The narrative material makes up less of the text, and is composed of short stories and legends about the birth of the witchcraft religion and the actions of their gods. Leland summarises the mythic material in the book in its appendix, writing "Diana is Queen of the Witches; an associate of Herodias (Aradia) in her relations to sorcery; that she bore a child to her brother the Sun (here Lucifer); that as a moon-goddess she is in some relation to Cain, who dwells as prisoner in the moon, and that the witches of old were people oppressed by feudal lands, the former revenging themselves in every way, and holding orgies to Diana which the Church represented as being the worship of Satan". Diana is not only the witches' goddess, but is presented as the primordial creatrix in Chapter III, dividing herself into darkness and light. After giving birth to Lucifer, Diana seduces him while in the form of a cat, eventually giving birth to Aradia, their daughter. Diana demonstrates the power of her witchcraft by creating "the heavens, the stars and the rain", becoming "Queen of the Witches". Chapter I presents the original witches as slaves that escaped from their masters, beginning new lives as "thieves and evil folk". Diana sends her daughter Aradia to them to teach these former serfs witchcraft, the power of which they can use to "destroy the evil race (of oppressors)". Aradia's students thus became the first witches, who would then continue the worship of Diana. Leland was struck by this cosmogony: "In all other Scriptures of all races, it is the male... who creates the universe; in Witch Sorcery it is the female who is the primitive principle".
Structure.
"Aradia" is composed of fifteen chapters, the first ten of which are presented as being Leland's translation of the "Vangelo" manuscript given to him by Maddalena. This section, while predominantly made up of spells and rituals, is also the source of most of the myths and folktales contained in the text. At the end of Chapter I is the text in which Aradia gives instructions to her followers on how to practice witchcraft.
The first ten chapters are not entirely a direct translation of the "Vangelo"; Leland offers his own commentary and notes on a number of passages, and Chapter VII is Leland's incorporation of other Italian folklore material. Medievalist Robert Mathiesen contends that the "Vangelo" manuscript actually represents even less of "Aradia", arguing that only chapters I, I and the first half of Chapter IV match Leland's description of the manuscript's contents, and suggests that the other material came from different texts collected by Leland through Maddalena.
The remaining five chapters are clearly identified in the text as representing other material Leland believed to be relevant to the "Vangelo", acquired during his research into Italian witchcraft, and especially while working on his "Etruscan Roman Remains" and "Legends of Florence". The themes in these additional chapters vary in some details from the first ten, and Leland included them partly to " the fact that the worship of Diana existed for a long time contemporary with Christianity". Chapter XV, for example, gives an incantation to Laverna, through the use of a deck of playing cards. Leland explains its inclusion by a note that Diana, as portrayed in "Aradia", is worshipped by outlaws, and Laverna was the Roman goddess of thievery. Other examples of Leland's thoughts about the text are given in the book's preface, appendix, and numerous footnotes.
In several places Leland provides the Italian he was translating. According to Mario Pazzaglini, author of the 1999 translation, the Italian contains misspellings, missing words and grammatical errors, and is in a standardised Italian rather than the local dialect one might expect. Pazzaglini concludes that "Aradia" represents material translated from dialect to basic Italian and then into English, creating a summary of texts, some of which were mis-recorded. Leland himself called the text a "collection of ceremonies, "cantrips," incantations, and traditions" and described it as an attempt to gather material, "valuable and curious remains of ancient Latin or Etruscan lore" that he feared would be lost. There is no cohesive narrative even in the sections that Leland attributes to the "Vangelo". This lack of cohesion, or "inconsistency", is an argument for the text's authenticity, according to religious scholar Chas S. Clifton, since the text shows no signs of being "massaged... for future book buyers."
Claims questioned.
Leland wrote that "the witches even yet form a fragmentary secret society or sect, that they call it that of the Old Religion, and that there are in the Romagna entire villages in which the people are completely heathen". Accepting this, Leland supposed that "the existence of a religion supposes a Scripture, and in this case it may be admitted, almost without severe verification, that the Evangel of the Witches is really a very old work... in all probability the translation of some early or later Latin work."
Leland's claim that the manuscript was genuine, or even that he received such a manuscript, has been called into question. After the 1921 publication of Margaret Murray's "The Witch-cult in Western Europe", which hypothesised that the European witch trials were actually a persecution of a pagan religious survival, American sensationalist author Theda Kenyon's 1929 book "Witches Still Live" connected Murray's thesis with the witchcraft religion in "Aradia". Arguments against Murray's thesis would eventually include arguments against Leland. Witchcraft scholar Jeffrey Russell devoted some of his 1980 book "A History of Witchcraft: Sorcerers, Heretics and Pagans" to arguing against the claims in "Aradia", Murray's thesis, and Jules Michelet's 1862 "La Sorcière", which also theorised that witchcraft represented an underground religion. Historian Elliot Rose's "A Razor for a Goat" dismissed "Aradia" as a collection of incantations unsuccessfully attempting to portray a religion. In his "Triumph of the Moon", historian Ronald Hutton summarises the controversy as having three possible extremes:
Hutton himself is a sceptic, not only of the existence of the religion that "Aradia" claims to represent, but also of the existence of Maddalena, arguing that it is more likely that Leland created the entire story than that Leland could be so easily "duped" by an Italian fortune-teller. Clifton takes exception to Hutton's position, writing that it amounts to an accusation of "serious literary fraud" made by an "argument from absence"; one of Hutton's main objections is that "Aradia" is unlike anything found in medieval literature.
Mathiesen also dismisses this "option three", arguing that while Leland's English drafts for the book were heavily edited and revised in the process of writing, the Italian sections, in contrast, were almost untouched except for corrections of "precisely the sort that a proofreader would make as he compared his copy to the original". This leads Mathiesen to conclude that Leland was working from an extant Italian-language original that he describes as "authentic, but not representative" of any larger folk tradition. Anthropologist Sabina Magliocco examines the "option one" possibility, that Leland's manuscript represented a folk tradition involving Diana and the Cult of Herodias, in her article "Who Was Aradia? The History and Development of a Legend". Magliocco writes that "Aradia" "may represent a 19th-century version of legend of the Cult of Herodias that incorporated later materials influenced by medieval diabolism: the presence of "Lucifero," the Christian devil; the practice of sorcery; the naked dances under the full moon."
Influence on Wicca and Stregheria.
Magliocco calls "Aradia" "the first real text of the 20th century Witchcraft revival", and it is repeatedly cited as being profoundly influential on the development of Wicca. The text apparently corroborates the thesis of Margaret Murray that early modern and Renaissance witchcraft represented a survival of ancient pagan beliefs, and after Gerald Gardner's claim to have encountered religious witchcraft in 20th-century England, the works of Michelet, Murray and Leland helped support at least the possibility that such a survival could exist.
The Charge of the Goddess, an important piece of liturgy used in Wiccan rituals, was inspired by Aradia's speech in the first chapter of the book. Parts of the speech appeared in an early version of Gardnerian Wicca ritual. According to Doreen Valiente, one of Gardner's priestesses, Gardner was surprised by Valiente's recognising the material as having come from Leland's book. Valiente subsequently rewrote the passage in both prose and verse, retaining the "traditional" "Aradia" lines. Some Wiccan traditions use the name "Aradia", or Diana, to refer to the Goddess or Queen of the Witches, and Hutton writes that the earliest Gardnerian rituals used the name Airdia, a "garbled" form of Aradia. Hutton further suggests that the reason that Wicca includes skyclad practice, or ritual nudity, is because of a line spoken by Aradia:
Accepting "Aradia" as the source of this practice, Robert Chartowich points to the 1998 Pazzaglini translation of these lines, which read "Men and Women / You will all be naked, until / Yet he shall be dead, the last / Of your oppressors is dead." Chartowich argues that the ritual nudity of Wicca was based upon Leland's mistranslation of these lines by incorporating the clause "in your rites".
There are, however, earlier mentions of ritual nudity among Italian witches. Historian Ruth Martin states that it was a common practice for witches of Italy to be "naked with their hair loose around their shoulders" while reciting conjurations. Jeffrey Burton Russell notes that "A woman named Marta was tortured in Florence about 1375: she was alleged to have placed candles round a dish and to have taken off her clothes and stood above the dish in the nude, making magical signs". Historian Franco Mormando refers to an Italian witch: "Lo and behold: in the first hours of sleep, this woman opens the door to her vegetable garden and comes out completely naked and her hair all undone, and she begins to do and say her various signs and conjurations...".
The reception of "Aradia" amongst Neopagans has not been entirely positive. Clifton suggests that modern claims of revealing an Italian pagan witchcraft tradition, for example those of Leo Martello and Raven Grimassi, must be "match against", and compared with the claims in "Aradia". He further suggests that a lack of comfort with "Aradia" may be due to an "insecurity" within Neopaganism about the movement's claim to authenticity as a religious revival.
Valiente offers another explanation for the negative reaction of some neopagans; that the identification of Lucifer as the God of the witches in "Aradia" was "too strong meat" for Wiccans who were used to the gentler, romantic paganism of Gerald Gardner and were especially quick to reject any relationship between witchcraft and Satanism.
Clifton writes that "Aradia" was especially influential for leaders of the Wiccan religious movement in the 1950s and 1960s, but that the book no longer appears on the "reading lists" given by members to newcomers, nor is it extensively cited in more recent Neopagan books. The new translation of the book released in 1998 was introduced by Wiccan author Stewart Farrar, who affirms the importance of "Aradia", writing that "Leland's gifted research into a 'dying' tradition has made a significant contribution to a living and growing one."
Author Raven Grimassi has written extensively about Aradia in his popularization of Stregheria, presenting what he admits is his own personal rendering of her story. He differs from Leland in many ways, particularly in portraying her as a witch who lived and taught in 14th-century Italy, rather than a goddess.
In response to Clifton, he states that similarity or dissimilarity to Leland's Aradia material cannot be a measure of authenticity, since Leland's material itself is disputed. "Therefore it cannot effectively be used to discredit other writings or views on Italian witchcraft, nor is it a representative ethnographic foundation against which other writings or views 'must' be compared. The Aradia material is, unfortunately, a disputed text with problems of its own when compared to the usually accepted folklore, folk traditions, and folk magic practices of Italy." He agrees with Valiente that the major objection of Neopagans to this material is its "inclusion of negative stereotypes related to witches and witchcraft", and suggests that comparisons between this material and religious witchcraft are "regarded as an insult by many neo-pagans".

</doc>
<doc id="2893510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893510" title="Darcy Tucker">
Darcy Tucker

Darcy Tucker (born March 15, 1975) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player, who played most of his National Hockey League career with the Toronto Maple Leafs. A sixth round draft choice, Tucker began his NHL career with the Montreal Canadiens. Throughout his NHL career he also played for the Tampa Bay Lightning and the Colorado Avalanche. Tucker was born in Castor, Alberta, but grew up in Endiang, Alberta.
Playing career.
Tucker is one of three players, along with Tyson Nash and Ryan Huska, that were a part of all three Kamloops Blazers Memorial Cup wins in 1992, 1994 and 1995. In 1996, while playing for the Fredericton Canadiens, he won the Dudley "Red" Garrett Memorial Award as the top rookie of the American Hockey League. 
Tucker was drafted in the sixth round (151st overall) by the Montreal Canadiens in the 1993 NHL Entry Draft. He was traded to the Tampa Bay Lightning with Stéphane Richer and David Wilkie for Patrick Poulin, Igor Ulanov and Mick Vukota in 1998, where he played for three seasons before being traded to the Toronto Maple Leafs in 2000 for Mike Johnson.
Tucker became notorious on Long Island during the 2002 Stanley Cup playoffs after he hip-checked the New York Islanders' captain Michael Peca during game five of the first round. The check blew out Peca's MCL and ACL on his left knee, ending his season and delaying his entry into the 2002–03 campaign. No penalty was assessed. In the offseason of 2006, the Leafs signed Peca for one season, making Tucker and Peca teammates. 
On June 24, 2008, he became an unrestricted free agent after his former club, the Maple Leafs, bought out the remainder of his contract. On July 1, 2008, he signed a two-year deal with the Colorado Avalanche worth $4.5 million.
On October 1, 2010, Tucker announced his retirement after 14 seasons in the NHL.
Personal.
In 1998, Tucker married Shannon Corson, the sister of former NHL player Shayne Corson. Shayne and Tucker were teammates on the Leafs for three seasons, and Tucker frequently helped him deal with his panic attacks. Tucker and his wife have two sons, Cole and Cain, and a daughter, Owynn.

</doc>
<doc id="2893511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893511" title="Tupan">
Tupan

Tupan can mean several things:

</doc>
<doc id="2893513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893513" title="Grande Prairie Airport">
Grande Prairie Airport

Grande Prairie Airport is located west northwest of Grande Prairie, Alberta, Canada. It is the largest airport in the Peace River Country of northwestern Alberta and northeastern British Columbia, having served 415,634 passengers in 2012. The airport is currently seeing high passenger traffic growth due to the high economic and population growth of the city. The terminal was originally built in 1981, and recently completed its extensive renovations which increased space, added a restaurant to the second floor and expansion of the terminal to the south and parking space. And now an expansion is already underway to add another gate, baggage carousel, and office space for customs use.
The airport also widely serves recreational traffic, including having destinations served by Air Canada Express and Westjet to Edmonton and Calgary, along with charter traffic, and traffic caused by the high density oil and gas industry in the area. Currently the airport is served by a Flight Service Station, and is a Class "E" airspace. The airport also currently serves the Royal Canadian Air Cadets Peace Region Gliding Program, who currently fly the Schweizer 2-33A glider off a typical winch launch set up.

</doc>
<doc id="2893517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893517" title="Dailuaine distillery">
Dailuaine distillery

Dailuaine (pronounced 'dale-YOU-an') is a single malt whisky distillery in Charlestown-of-Aberlour, Strathspey, Scotland.
History.
The Distillery was founded in 1852 by William Mackenzie. When he died in 1865 his widow leased the distillery to James Fleming, a banker from Aberlour. Together with William Mackenzie's son he founded Mackenzie and Company.
1884 Dailuaine is renovated and enlarged. At this point it is one of the largest distilleries in the highlands. in 1889 Charles Doig builds the first pagoda in Scotland.
1891 Dailuaine-Glenlivet Distillery Ltd. was founded. In 1898, Dailuaine-Glenlivet and Talisker Distillery Ltd. are fused to Dailuaine-Talisker Distilleries Ltd. 
1915 Thomas Mackenzie died and the company was sold to John Dewar & Sons, John Walker & Sons and James Buchanan & Co. one year later.
1917 a big fire destroyed the pagoda-roof. The distillery had to close, reopened three years later and was bought by Distillers Company Limited (DCL) in 1925.
1960 the Distillery is completely renovated and is enlarged from four to six stills. Since 1983 the malt is no longer produced inhouse.
1987 Dailuaine was taken over by United Distillers (UD).

</doc>
<doc id="2893520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893520" title="Be My Escape">
Be My Escape

"Be My Escape" is a song by Christian rock band Relient K. It was released in October 2004 as the lead single from their fourth full-length album, "Mmhmm". It was certified a platinum single in November 2005 and is usually referred to as Relient K's most popular mainstream song, other than "Who I Am Hates Who I've Been". The song is Relient K's fourth most popular song on iTunes.
"Be My Escape" was featured in the 2006 Men's U.S. Open Tennis Championship, with the song's opening guitar solo playing as the event headed into a commercial. "Be My Escape" was also featured on the music compilation "Now 19" and "WOW Hits 2006".
Song.
The song is the singer's plea for "escape" from his past mistakes. Although the lyrics avoid directly mentioning God, given the band's Christian background, the song is usually taken to refer to Him. "Be My Escape" uses guitars, drums, and keyboards, and the pace is varied effectively to give a sense of longing and desperation. The last forty seconds or so are a slow epilogue, with no instruments other than the drums, vibraphone and piano.
The song's lyrics at the beginning of the verses are often mistaken. Many have thought the first lines of the two verses to be "I'm giving up, I'm giving up slowly" and "I'm giving up, I'm doing this alone now". The actual lines from the beginning of the first two verses are "I've given up on givin' up slowly" and "I've given up on doing this alone now".
An acoustic version of the song was released in November 2005 on the "Apathetic EP". It included the addition of a mandolin.
The song has more or less been in every position of Relient K's set list since the band started performing it. From the release of "Mmhmm" until October 2005, the song was mainly played a little past the halfway point of the band's set. For the Panic With A K Tour in October 2005, it and I So Hate Consequences were the encore songs in that order. From the Matt Hoopes Birthday Tour in February 2006 through the 06 festival season, it was the opening song. The band moved it to the second song for the 2006 Nintendo Fusion Tour. For basically all of 2007, it was included in a three song encore of Sadie Hawkins Dance, Be My Escape, and I So Hate Consequences. In 2008, it once again become the band's opening song, with a slightly modified opening to included a little more guitar and drums before the song really begins. The song was moved to second in the set list for the November and December 2008 Winter Wonder Slam Tour with TobyMac. For some 2009 shows so far, it has been near the end of the set.
Music video.
The music video shows the band playing in a room where the walls are slowly closing in on them. At the end, a burst of light appears and the walls of the room fall down, but away from the band. The band then plays in an open field with the album cover's sunflowers in it, with the background shot on a blue screen. Lead singer Matt Thiessen has been quoted as being a little unhappy with it, claiming that the band wanted more animation other than clouds. The moving walls were simply stagehands pushing them inwards. Still, they did not complain about the video other than Thiessen's one mention of those details. Some fans wondered about the inclusion of a girl in this video when the song has Christian themes, but others have pointed out that it still works as it could be asking Jesus for escape from a problem with the girl in the video. This video was the first Relient K music video to feature bassist John Warne and guitarist Jon Schneck.
In addition, the piano solo at the end of the song was removed in the video, and an extra vocal line was added during the second and third refrains to add to the harmony. The opening guitar riff was also shorter, repeated only once instead of thrice unlike the original song. Exclusions visually include Dave Douglas singing background vocals, and Matt Thiessen playing the piano.
The video debuted at # 67 on iTunes top 100 music videos and soon progressed to #27. It stayed on the list for 12 weeks. 
The music video entered "TRL"'s Top 10 in 2005, reaching as high as #9 on the countdown.
The music video was directed by Charles Jensen and produced by Rachel Curl.
Awards.
The song was nominated for two Dove Awards at the 37th GMA Dove Awards: Pop/Contemporary Recorded Song of the Year and Short Form Music Video of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="2893521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893521" title="Saunton">
Saunton

Saunton is a village located approximately two miles from Braunton on the North Devon coast in the South West of England.
Several kilometres long, the village borders Braunton Burrows, the heart of North Devon's Biosphere Reserve, the first "new style" UNESCO-designated Biosphere Reserve. Its beach Saunton Sands is part of the Taw-Torridge Estuary.
The Saunton Surf Life Saving Club is based here.
The South West Coast Path National Trail runs through the village, and gives access to walks along the rugged North Devon coast.
Saunton Down lies within the North Devon Coast Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
Served by Stagecoach 308 bus service between Barnstaple, Croyde and Georgeham

</doc>
<doc id="2893523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893523" title="Lotan Baba">
Lotan Baba

Mohan Das, more commonly known as Lotan Baba (or "rolling saint") is an Indian holy man promoting peace by rolling his body along the ground when he travels. He claims to have covered to various cities in India, including Kashmir, first setting off from his hometown Ratlam, in Madhya Pradesh. Witnesses report Mohan travels on average roughly 10 to 12 kilometers (six to eight miles) a day rolling on the ground, at times smoking a cigarette while in motion. Media reports indicate Mohan Das began his life as a mystic after leaving home at age 12, and once undertook penance for 7 years by standing in one place and eating grass.
Mohan Das has gained media attention recently in his attempts to cross the border between Pakistan and India. Officials of the Border Security Force and immigration department near Wagah insisted he will need to acquire a passport and visa in order to continue his journey, of which he has neither. ""I am not a politician who requires a passport or visa to visit another country. The government should understand that and give me permission,"" he said. Lotan Baba stated his intentions were to visit the Sikh shrine of Nankana Sahib, the birthplace of first Sikh Guru Nanak Dev, and other religious places in Pakistan.
He holds a Guinness record for longest rolling at about .

</doc>
<doc id="2893524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893524" title="Rune Hauge">
Rune Hauge

Rune Hauge (born April 23, 1954) is a Norwegian football agent.
In English football, Hauge is best known as the agent who represented John Jensen and Pål Lydersen during their transfers to Arsenal in the early 1990s. This would lead to Arsenal manager George Graham becoming embroiled in allegations that Hauge paid him a £425,000 "bung" to sign the players. Graham was later found guilty by the Football Association after admitting receiving an "unsolicited gift" and was suspended for a year. Before this, Hauge was involved in the signings of two key Manchester United players: Andrei Kanchelskis and Peter Schmeichel.
Hauge was banned from operating as an agent for life by FIFA in 1995, but this was later reduced to two years' suspension of his licence After he regained his licence, he went on to represent several Norwegian players including Ole Gunnar Solskjær, Steffen Iversen and Eirik Bakke. He was also involved in the transfer of Rio Ferdinand from West Ham United to Leeds United [http://sport.independent.co.uk/football/leeds/article111801.ece.
In 2005, he was involved in the transfer dispute between Manchester United and Chelsea over John Obi Mikel, claiming (along with others) that he had the right to represent the Nigerian youth.
Hauge's current clients include Blackburn's Norwegian midfielder Morten Gamst Pedersen.

</doc>
<doc id="2893528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893528" title="Spessart-Gymnasium Alzenau">
Spessart-Gymnasium Alzenau

The Spessart-Gymnasium Alzenau is a gymnasium (high school) in Alzenau, Bavaria. It is named after the Spessart, a wooded range of hills which stretches about 60 kilometers east of the town.
The gymnasium was founded 1962 to address the need for higher education in the prospering area. It was renovated and expanded in the late 1990s and now prides itself on having a stationary telescope.

</doc>
<doc id="2893529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893529" title="Everything Bad Is Good for You">
Everything Bad Is Good for You

"Everything Bad Is Good for You: How Today's Popular Culture Is Actually Making Us Smarter" is a non-fiction book written by Steven Berlin Johnson. Published in 2005, it is based upon Johnson's theory that popular culture – in particular television programs and video games – has grown more complex and demanding over time and is improving the society within terms of intelligence and idea. The book's claims, especially related to the proposed benefits of television, drew media attention. It received mixed critical reviews.
Johnson states that the goal of his book is to persuade readers "that popular culture has, on average, grown more complex and intellectually challenging over the past thirty years."
Key concepts.
Johnson challenges the precept that pop culture has deteriorated. He derives the term "Sleeper Curve" from the Woody Allen film "Sleeper", where "scientists from 2173 are astounded that twentieth-century society failed to grasp the nutritional merits of cream pies and hot fudge". He uses this to argue against contemporary perception of the deteriorating standards of pop culture, although Johnson is quick to point out that by no means does the Sleeper Curve imply that popular culture has become superior to traditional culture.
Johnson defends the value of modern pop culture. He argues that the appeal of video games is not through their (possibly violent or sexual) content, but rather through the fact that the "structure" of the video games uniquely invites exploration and stimulates the reward centers of the brain. He asserts that television is a "brilliant medium" for determining how skilled people are at understanding interpersonal connections, or their Autism Quotient (the higher a person's emotional intelligence, the lower their "AQ"), and that reality shows in particular realistically display the complexity of "social network maps" in human relations, where a group of people have complex and intertwined engagement.
Earlier television, Johnson says, simplified narrative and human relationships, while modern trends not only in reality shows but in "multiple threading" in scripted programs such as "The Sopranos" improve the audience's cognitive skills. He suggests too that modern television and films have reduced the number of "flashing arrows", narrative clues to help the audience understand the plot, and require audiences to do more cognitive work paying attention to background detail and information if they wish to follow what they are viewing. Steven Johnson acknowledges that although the video game industry is growing, the literature on the subject is limited at best. Johnson offers several sources for information on ludology; Ludology.org and seriousgames.org as well as the books "Got Game" by John Beck and Mitchell Wade and "The Play Ethic" by Pat Kane.
Critical reception.
The book has received mixed critical reviews. In one "The New York Times" review, Janet Maslin was primarily negative, dismissing the book's "facile argument" and sparsity of hard evidence and claiming that "The reader rattles around within the book's narrow universe and repeatedly bumps into the same thing: reiterations of Mr. Johnson's one big idea." In another, Walter Kirn, while acknowledging a lack of science and questioning some of the book's premises with regards to the benefits of reality t.v., praised Johnson's "elegant polemic", concluding that "onsidered purely on its own terms, Johnson's thesis holds up despite these quibbles." "Wired" gave the book an overall positive review, describing it as "chock-full of interesting insights that are clearly the reflection of an agile and catholic intellect", but also suggested that the book is largely built around a straw man argument and thus "largely misses the point of the more valid critique of today's pop culture". "The Guardian" found part of Johnson's thesis — that some elements of pop culture have grown more complex — persuasive, but not the second claim that this greater complexity offers any tangible benefits for the public aside from preparing them to handle more complex pop culture; it criticized the shortage of hard science and the conclusions drawn from what science exists and also the application of literary theory to visual arts media. The Associated Press review praised the book overall as "an engaging read", although it noted that the book was uneven, with TV and video game discussions better than those on film and the internet, and repetitive in presenting its theme. Salon.com described it simply as "a fine contrarian defense of pop culture".

</doc>
<doc id="2893532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893532" title="Star Wars Insider">
Star Wars Insider

Star Wars Insider is the official "Star Wars" magazine. Its contents include stories, articles relating to the "Star Wars" universe, letters, and the fan newsletter "Bantha Tracks". It began in 1987 as the official magazine of "The Lucasfilm Fan Club". In 1994 the Lucasfilm Fan Club Magazine was rebranded the Star Wars Insider to coincide with the release of the TIE Fighter videogame from Lucasarts. In March 2008, "Star Wars Insider" reached one hundred issues.
Content.
"Star Wars Insider" has sections that detail updates in the "Star Wars" universe, news about events, fan fiction, exclusive previews, articles that explore the "Star Wars" universe, questions and answers, excerpts from comics and books, and interviews. Often it has many humorous comics and stories. Recently, it has retained a humorous air, especially with their now-defunct "Dear 2-1B" column. The magazine also features advertising for many things, ("Star Wars"-related and non-"Star Wars"), and a catalog of Star Wars merchandise. One of the sections is called "Bantha Tracks", which is created entirely by the fans.
Publishers.
The magazine is currently edited by Jonathan Wilkins. It has been published by many different companies. But at "Star Wars" Celebration IV, "Star Wars Insider" relaunched under the new publisher: Titan Magazines.
"Star Wars Insider" is not delivered to Germany as this country has its own licensed publication, "Star Wars -- Das offizielle Magazin". The same was true of the UK until "Titan Magazines" took over the "Star Wars Insider" in 2007 and merged it with the "Star Wars Magazine" UK.

</doc>
<doc id="2893535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893535" title="Socialist Alliance (Burkina Faso)">
Socialist Alliance (Burkina Faso)

Socialist Alliance (in French: "Alliance Socialiste") is a political coalition in Burkina Faso, consisting of the People's Movement for Socialism / Federal Party of Dr. Emile Paré and the Unified Socialist Party of Benoît Lompo.
In the presidential election of 13 November 2005, its candidate Pargui Emile Paré won 0.87% of the popular vote.

</doc>
<doc id="2893542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893542" title="Holly Deane-Johns">
Holly Deane-Johns

Holly Deane-Johns (born 1972) is an Australian woman convicted in Thailand of attempting to post a parcel of 11 grams heroin back to Australia. Further quantities of 15 grams of heroin was found in her Bangkok apartment and another 110 grams in the residence of her companion Robert Halliwell. Originally facing the death penalty, she pleaded guilty in 2003 to heroin trafficking in order to receive a reduced sentence of 31 years. She was released from prison in December 2012.
Under Thai law, traffickers found with more than 100 grams of heroin face a mandatory penalty of death by lethal injection. She was born in Western Australia, where she attended Mount Lawley Senior High School in Perth, becoming a heroin addict at the age of 15. Her mother died from a heroin overdose. Deane-Johns spent six years in Western Australia's Bandyup Women's Prison for a range of drug related offences prior to the Thai conviction.
Background and arrest.
Deane-Johns was arrested by Thai police in August 2000 when she attempted to mail a parcel, later found to contain about 11 grams of heroin at Bangkok Central Post Office in the company of Robert Halliwell. Thai narcotics agents had been monitoring their movements for two months previously.
She had flown to Thailand in early 2000 to reunite with her boyfriend, but after he returned early to Australia spent time with Halliwell, a mutual friend and fellow junkie who had fled to Thailand 20 years earlier to escape drugs charges in Australia.
Prisoner transfer to Australia.
After having spent seven years in incarceration in the Klong Prem Central Prison in Chatuchak, in 2006 Deane-Johns applied to be transferred to a Western Australian jail under a 2002 bilateral prisoner exchange agreement between Australia and Thailand. Despite Federal government approval, her application was refused by Western Australian Corrective Services Minister Margaret Quirk. 
On 14 June 2007, Federal Minister for Justice and Customs, Senator David Johnston urged the Western Australian Government to reconsider its decision to block Deane-Johns' return but the request was promptly declined. Minister Quirk announced on 9 August 2007 that she now supported Deane-Johns' return to Australia based on new medical evidence that she had been provided with that indicated Deane-John's "already serious health problems would be further complicated should she remain in the Bangkok prison". 
On 7 December 2007, Deane-Johns arrived back in Australia where she was transferred to Bandyup Women's Prison. She was released in December 2012, having completed a post-graduate diploma in social work while in prison.

</doc>
<doc id="2893550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893550" title="La Push, Washington">
La Push, Washington

La Push is a small unincorporated community situated at the mouth of the Quileute River in Clallam County, Washington, United States. La Push is the largest community within the Quileute Indian Reservation and home to the Quileute tribe. La Push is known for its whale-watching and natural beauty.
Geography.
The name La Push is from French "La Bouche", meaning "The Mouth" of the Quillayute River, adapted into Chinook Jargon.
La Push is home to the westernmost ZIP Code in the contiguous United States, 98350.
La Push is the north-most point of Washington’s Pacific Coast beaches. From La Push to Cape Flattery, the most northwest point of the continental United States, lies the Olympic National Park’s National Wildlife Refuge. The beach lies on the south side of the Quillayute River’s outlet into the Pacific Ocean at the north edge of the Quileute Indian Reservation. The beach, called First Beach, is a wide, crescent shaped, sandy beach with sea stacks between the beach and the western horizon. During migration, whales can be seen from the beach.
History.
La Push, 14 miles from Forks, is home to the Quileute Tribe. Tribal members built cedar canoes that ranged in size from two-man to ocean-going freight vessels capable of carrying three tons. They ranked second only to the Makah as whalers, and first among all the tribes as sealers. Special woolly-haired dogs were bred, and their hair spun into prized blankets. According to the stories, the Quileutes only kin, the Chimakum, were separated from them by a great flood that swept them to the Quimper Peninsula on the other side of the North Olympic Peninsula, where they were wiped out by Chief Seattle and the Suquamish Tribe in the 1860s.
First official contacts with the white man occurred in 1855, when the Quileutes signed a treaty with representatives of Territorial Governor Isaac Stevens. A treaty a year later would have moved them to a reservation in Taholah, but the Quileute territory was so remote it was not enforced. In February 1889, an executive order by President Grover Cleveland established a one mile square reservation at La Push which, at the time, had 252 inhabitants. While villagers were picking hops in Puyallup, the town was destroyed by arson in 1889.
Tourism.
Today, La Push has oceanfront resorts, a seafood company, fish hatchery, and a revamped marina.
The Quileute Tribe has recreated its traditional skills and crafts, which are taught at school along with the unique language, which is unrelated to any root language in the world, and one of only five in the world without nasal sounds.
The popular Quileute Days takes place July 17–19 in La Push. The tribal celebration of cultural heritage and modern lifestyle includes a fireworks display, a traditional salmon bake, dancing and songs, a softball tournament, and other field sports, a slo-pitch tournament, a horse show tournament, arts and craft display and food concessions
La Push and the Quileute Tribe have been recently featured in author Stephenie Meyer's Twilight series, which greatly increased the number of visitors annually.
The Pacific Northwest National Scenic Trail passes through La Push on the way to its western terminus at Cape Alava.
La Push is a tribal village of the Quileute Tribe that displays a slower, more relaxed way of life. All of the businesses are owned by the tribe.
In recent years the tribe has grown more interested in tourism. They have opened a full service seasonal restaurant, and built 15 new luxury cabins.

</doc>
<doc id="2893552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893552" title="British NVC community MC7">
British NVC community MC7

British NVC community MC7 (Stellaria media - Rumex acetosa sea-bird cliff community) is one of the maritime cliff communities in the British National Vegetation Classification system. It is one of two communities associated with sea-bird cliffs.
This community is found in a number of coastal areas. There are no subcommunities.
Community composition.
One constant species is found in this community, Common Chickweed ("Stellaria media")
No rare species are associated with this community.
Distribution.
This community is found in coastal areas on the west coast of Britain from Pembrokeshire northwards, the north and east coasts of Scotland south to the Firth of Forth, and also on offshore islands including St Kilda.

</doc>
<doc id="2893565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893565" title="Uintah Railway">
Uintah Railway

The Uintah Railway was a small narrow gauge railroad company in Utah and Colorado in the United States. It operated from 1902 to 1939.
History.
The company was founded in 1902 as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Gilson Asphaltum Co. with the sole purpose of building a railroad into the isolated Uintah basin where the Gilson Asphaltum Co. was operating several Gilsonite mines.
The route chosen would link the newly founded company town of Mack, Colorado, with the mines at Dragon, Utah. The route chosen crossed 8437 ft (2572 m) Baxter Pass with grades of 7.5% (westbound) and 5% (eastbound) as well as 66 degree curves. Because of this, the railroad was built as a narrow gauge railroad. The extremely sharp curves and steep grades required the use of Shay locomotives for the steep climb up the pass. However, elsewhere on the line conventional locomotives could be used. On the eastern base of Baxter Pass the railroad founded the company town of Atchee, Colorado, which served as both division point and maintenance center for the railroad. At the western base of the pass the company built a small dam, creating Lake McAndrews. Just below the lake was the water tank and a turning wye at a site named Wendella. Thus trains originating in Mack would be pulled by a conventional steam locomotive as far as Atchee; there a Shay would take the train over the pass to Wendella where a conventional steam locomotive would take the train on to Dragon and the mines.
When a public library was built in Dragon in 1910, the Uintah Railway agreed to deliver library books free of charge to and from any borrower along its route. Many area ranchers and miners took advantage of the opportunity.
In 1911 the Uintah Railroad expanded northward beyond Dragon to the new mining towns of Watson and Rainbow. In 1926 the railroad purchased an articulated locomotive, #50, which was specifically designed to handle the extreme curvature and steep grades of Baxter Pass. The idea was that this new locomotive would do away with the need to change engines at Atchee and Wendella. After some initial modifications, this engine proved to be such a success that in 1928 the railroad purchased a sister locomotive, #51. These were the only narrow gauge simple articulated locomotives sold for use in the United States.
For much of the 1920s the Uintah was headed by Lucian Sprague, a railroad executive who later became well known for orchestrating the dramatic turnaround of the bankrupt Minneapolis and St. Louis Railway.
The railroad lasted until 1939 when trucks took over hauling the Gilsonite. At that time, the rails were pulled up and the towns abandoned. Most of the railway's locomotives were scrapped immediately; the two famous articulateds were sold to the Sumpter Valley Railway in Oregon, and later went to Guatemala, where they were dismantled. Today all that remains of the Uintah are the cellar pits of some of the buildings, the shell of the machine shop in Atchee, a few pieces of rolling stock, and part of the company hotel in Mack.

</doc>
<doc id="2893569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893569" title="Kevin Fitzgerald">
Kevin Fitzgerald

Kevin Terrel Fitzgerald (born September 23, 1951), a board certified veterinarian who works at "Alameda East Veterinary Hospital" in his native Denver, Colorado is best known through his visibility on the Animal Planet reality show "Emergency Vets" and, more recently, "E-Vet Interns". Fitzgerald also does stand-up comedy and a little tap dancing. In 2001, he was named one of the 50 most eligible bachelors by "People Magazine".
Past jobs and positions.
Kevin Fitzgerald was formerly a teacher at the University of Hawaii. On summers off, he was hired by Tony Funches and Barry Fey to be a part of the (Denver based) Feyline Security Team and worked security for a wide variety of musical acts, such as Elvis Presley, The Who, Bob Marley, Willie Nelson, George Clinton, and The Rolling Stones. Kevin eventually ran this portion of Barry Fey's Concert Promotion & Production Business after Tony Funches moved on to other pursuits. On an episode of "Emergency Vets", Fitzgerald noted that he knew it was time to get serious about pursuing a career in veterinary medicine when Keith Richards of the Rolling Stones asked him point-blank if he wanted to "still be a bouncer at 50".
Fitzgerald joined the staff of Alameda East, a 24-hour facility equipped to provide emergency care, in 1985. He also once served as president of the Denver Area Veterinary Medical Society while he was on the Board of Directors of the Rocky Mountain Poison and Drug Center.
Stalking.
Beginning in 1999 Fitzgerald was stalked by a West Virginia woman named Vicki Tenney. She started out as a fan who wrote him letters, then progressed to the point where she moved to Denver in 2003 and began making death threats. By Christmas in 2004, Tenney was calling Fitzgerald daily saying she was going to kill him and had purchased a coffin for him. Her case finally made it to court in March 2005, but she was deemed unfit to stand trial in January 2006 and was ordered into treatment.
On October 27, 2006, Tenney was sentenced to 18 months of probation, obtain mental health treatment, and ordered to stay away from Fitzgerald and Alameda East Veterinary Hospital in a plea bargain in which she pled guilty to violating a restraining order. Doctors have now deemed Tenney more suitable to stand trial since her treatment began, but the prosecutor of the case, stating that she believed the disposition was appropriate, declined to bring Tenney to trial as long as Tenney continues to follow the requirements of her probation.
Current jobs and positions.
Fitzgerald is a veterinarian at Alameda East Veterinary Hospital, which is where the Animal Planet television series "Emergency Vets" and its follow-up series "E-Vet Interns" were filmed. For the past 25 years, he has been an assistant professor adjunct at the University of Denver, where he teaches a course called "Perspectives in Veterinary Medicine". He also serves as a veterinary consultant for the Aurora, Colorado police department's K-9 division. He has written chapters in medical texts on subjects such as emergency veterinarian medicine, toxicology, and reptile medicine and surgery.
Fitzgerald is also a regular on the Denver-area stand-up comedy circuit, where he is billed as "the hardest working veterinarian in show business". An episode of "Emergency Vets" entitled "Fitz's Day" showed snippets of his stand-up act. "Everybody laughed when I said I wanted to do comedy", Fitzgerald noted dryly, "but no one's laughing now."
On August 11, 2007, Fitzgerald was a "Not My Job" guest on National Public Radio's "Wait Wait ... Don't Tell Me". He told stories about Keith Richards, his fear of spiders and then correctly answered all 3 questions regarding BALCO founder Victor Conte. The segment has been replayed on several of Wait Wait ... Don't Tell Me's "best of" and compilation episodes.
After "Emergency Vets" shut down production in 2002, Fitzgerald occasionally appeared in a set of pet health reminder PSAs on Animal Planet called "Animal Tips With Dr. Fitz". He also appeared in PSAs for the Animal Planet animal welfare project "ROAR" (Reach Out, Act, Respond) with his Alameda East colleague, Dr. Holly Knor.
In 2007, Fitzgerald and the rest of the Alameda East team returned to prime-time television in the new Animal Planet series, "E-Vet Interns". On the new series, Fitzgerald constantly stresses the importance of exposing young vets to experiences with exotic animals such as snakes and other reptiles, as well as showing young vets how to give back to their community by providing services for "working animals" such as police dogs.

</doc>
<doc id="2893579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893579" title="State Arboretum of Utah">
State Arboretum of Utah

The State Arboretum of Utah () is an arboretum located across the campus of the University of Utah in Salt Lake City, Utah, as well as on an additional site () at the Red Butte Garden and Arboretum. The campus grounds and the Red Butte Garden are open to the public every day. The conservatory is open by appointment only.
The State Arboretum was established in 1961. It now contains over 8,000 trees (300 species and varieties, including over 40 taxa of conifers), and what is claimed to be the largest Russian Olive ("Elaeagnus angustifolia") collection in the United States. The arboretum's conservatory () contains over 400 exotic taxa. The Red Butte Garden and Arboretum contains more than 300 large conifers and an extensive collection of dwarf conifers (over 75 taxa).

</doc>
<doc id="2893584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893584" title="Aladdin Sane (song)">
Aladdin Sane (song)

"Aladdin Sane (1913-1938-197?)" is a song by David Bowie, the title track from his 1973 album "Aladdin Sane". Described by biographer David Buckley as the album's "pivotal" song, it saw Bowie moving into more experimental musical styles following the success of his breakthrough glam rock release "The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars" in 1972.
Title.
The name is a pun on "A Lad Insane" and it was inspired by his half-brother Terry, who had been diagnosed as a schizophrenic. An early variation was "Love Aladdin Vein", which Bowie dropped partly because of its drug connotations. The dates in parentheses refer to the years preceding World War I and World War II, with the third unknown date reflecting Bowie’s belief in an impending World War III.
The title has been rendered a number of ways on different releases since 1973. The original vinyl issue of "Aladdin Sane" listed it as "Aladdin Sane (1913-1938-197?)", followed by "RHMS "Ellinis"", the name of the ship on which it was written, in keeping with Bowie's practice on the album of indicating the origin of each track. The coda includes a quote from the song "On Broadway", and on the compilation album "Changestwobowie" (1981) it appeared in liner notes as "Aladdin Sane (1913-1938-197?)/On Broadway", co-credit going to Mann, Weil, Leiber and Stoller. On the 1990 Rykodisc CD reissue the track was referred to as simply "Aladdin Sane".
Music and lyrics.
Bowie wrote "Aladdin Sane" in December 1972 as he sailed back to the UK following the first leg of his US Ziggy Stardust tour. The subject matter was inspired by a book he was reading, Evelyn Waugh’s "Vile Bodies" (later filmed as "Bright Young Things", a phrase that also appears in the song's lyrics). Bowie saw in Waugh's story of "frivolous, decadent and silly" behaviour on the eve of "imminent catastrophe" a reflection of contemporary society, particularly in America. At Bridge School Benefit X in 1996, Bowie played the song acoustically and reflected that the song was "about young people, just before the two wars, wanting to go and screw girls and kill foreigners."
The song features an acclaimed piano solo by Mike Garson, an American keyboardist who had recently joined Bowie's band. Bowie politely rejected Garson’s initial solo attempts, one in a blues style, the other Latin, asking the pianist for something akin to "the avant-garde jazz scene in the 60s". Garson obliged with the performance heard on the album, improvised and recorded in one take. In 1999, he remarked:
Garson remembers that Bowie's guidance were essential in making the solo come out the way it did.:
"Rolling Stone"'s contemporary review described the music as "hothouse orientalism, jagged, dissonant and daring, yet also wistful and backward-looking". Writing in 1981, "NME" editors Roy Carr and Charles Shaar Murray considered the song "one of Bowie's early 'European' pieces", while comparing Garson’s piano playing to Cecil Taylor. Reviewing the 30th Anniversary Edition of "Aladdin Sane" in 2003, "Sydney Morning Herald" music critic Bernard Zuel also related the track to the composer's later work, finding the "to-and-fro between art and dramatic pop in the song provides a bridge between Bowie's pre-fame leanings and his mid-'70s decamp to Berlin". Biographer David Buckley has said that at the time of its release "Aladdin Sane" was "the clearest indicator of how Bowie was trying to free himself from the confines of rock".
"Zion".
A track now referred to as "Zion" has also appeared on bootlegs under the titles "Aladdin Vein", "Love Aladdin Vein", "A Lad in Vein", and "A Lad in Vain". Incorporating parts of "Aladdin Sane" and what would become "Sweet Thing (Reprise)" on "Diamond Dogs", this instrumental piece was generally thought to have been recorded during the "Aladdin Sane" sessions at Trident Studios early in 1973. However a recent estimate places it alongside recordings for "Pinups" later that year, as a preview of Bowie's next original work, leading author Nicholas Pegg to suggest that it "perhaps ought to be regarded more as a "Diamond Dogs" demo than an "Aladdin Sane" out-take".
Live versions.
"Aladdin Sane" was debuted live in February 1973, prior to the album’s release, and often played in concert during the later Ziggy Stardust tours and again on the Diamond Dogs tour in 1974. A performance from the 1974 tour was released on "David Live" (1974), the same track also appearing on "Rock Concert". Another live version from the same tour was released on "A Portrait in Flesh". Bowie revived it on stage in 1996, again with Garson on piano. He also recorded an acoustic version with vocals from bass player Gail Ann Dorsey for the BBC session "ChangesNowBowie" on 8 January 1997.
Other releases.
The original song has appeared on several compilations: 

</doc>
<doc id="2893593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893593" title="Bathurst Airport (New Brunswick)">
Bathurst Airport (New Brunswick)

Bathurst Airport is located west northwest of Bathurst, New Brunswick, Canada in Sainte-Anne.

</doc>
<doc id="2893594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893594" title="Wheels Are Turnin'">
Wheels Are Turnin'

Wheels Are Turnin' is the eleventh studio album by REO Speedwagon, released in late 1984 (see 1984 in music). It was their second best-selling album, tied with "Good Trouble", reaching #7 on the Billboard 200. It features "Can't Fight This Feeling," which was REO's second and longest-running #1 single. The LP version contained a cut-out stroboscope. Other singles released were "One Lonely Night" "I Do' Wanna Know", and "Live Every Moment".
Personnel.
REO Speedwagon
Other Musicians

</doc>
<doc id="2893603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893603" title="Hirudiculture">
Hirudiculture

Hirudiculture is the culture, or farming, of leeches in both natural and artificial environments. This practice drew the attention of Parisian savants and members of the French Société Zoologique d'Acclimitation in the mid-to-late nineteenth century as a part of a larger interest in the culture of fish and oysters. Leech culture was seen as a solution to growing demand for medicinal leeches throughout the world.
The use of leeches for medicinal purposes, or hirudotherapy, has been revived by contemporary medicine.

</doc>
<doc id="2893610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893610" title="WIND (spacecraft)">
WIND (spacecraft)

The Global Geospace Science (GGS) WIND satellite is a NASA science spacecraft launched at 04:31:00 EST on November 1, 1994 from launch pad 17B at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station (CCAFS) in Merritt Island, Florida aboard a McDonnell Douglas Delta II 7925-10 rocket. WIND was designed and manufactured by Martin Marietta Astro Space Division in East Windsor, New Jersey. The satellite is a spin stabilized cylindrical satellite with a diameter of 2.4 m and a height of 1.8 m.
It was deployed to study radio and plasma that occur in the solar wind and in the Earth's magnetosphere before the solar wind reaches the Earth. The spacecraft's original mission was to orbit the Sun at the Lagrangian point, but this was delayed when the SOHO and ACE spacecraft were sent to the same location. WIND has been at continuously since 2004, and is still operating as of March 18, 2014. WIND currently has enough fuel to last roughly 60 years at L1. WIND continues to produce relevant research, with its data having contributed to over 800 publications since 2009 and over 2000 publications prior to 2009. As of March 18, 2014 (not including 2014 publications), the total number of publications either directly or indirectly using WIND data is ~2977.
Mission operations are conducted from the Multi-Mission Operations Center (MMOC) in Building 14 at Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland.
WIND is the sister ship to GGS Polar.
The science instruments on the WIND spacecraft.
The aim of ISTP is to understand the behavior of the solar-terrestrial plasma environment in order to predict how the Earth's atmosphere will respond to changes in solar wind conditions. WIND's objective is to measure the properties of the solar wind before it reaches the Earth. The WIND spacecraft has an array of instruments including: Konus, the Wind Magnetic Field Investigation (MFI), the Solar Wind and Suprathermal Ion Composition Experiment (SMS), The Energetic Particles: Acceleration, Composition, and Transport (EPACT) investigation, the Solar Wind Experiment (SWE), a Three-Dimensional Plasma and Energetic Particle Investigation (3DP), the Transient Gamma-Ray Spectrometer (TGRS), and the Radio and Plasma Wave Investigation (WAVES). The Konus and TGRS instruments are primarily for gamma-ray and high energy photon observations of solar flares or gamma-ray bursts. The SMS experiment measures the mass and mass-to-charge ratios of heavy ions. The SWE and 3DP experiments are meant to measure/analyze the lower energy (below 10 MeV) solar wind protons and electrons. The WAVES and MFI experiments were designed to measure the electric and magnetic fields observed in the solar wind. All together, the WIND spacecraft's suite of instruments allows for a complete description of plasma phenomena in the solar wind plane of the ecliptic.
WIND/WAVES.
Time domain sampler.
The electric field detectors of the WIND WAVES instrument are composed of three orthogonal electric field dipole antennas, two in the spin plane (roughly the plane of the ecliptic) of the spacecraft and one along the spin axis. The complete WAVES suite of instruments includes five total receivers including: Low Frequency FFT receiver called FFT (0.3 Hz to 11 kHz), Thermal Noise Receiver called TNR (4–256 kHz), Radio receiver band 1 called RAD1 (20–1040 kHz), Radio receiver band 2 called RAD2 (1.075-13.825 MHz), and the Time Domain Sampler called TDS (designed and built by the University of Minnesota). The longer of the two spin plane antenna, defined as Ex, is 100 m tip-to-tip while the shorter, defined as Ey, is 15 m tip-to-tip. The spin axis dipole, defined as Ez, is roughly 12 m tip-to-tip. When accounting for spacecraft potential, these antenna lengths are adjusted to ~41.1 m, ~3.79 m, and ~2.17 m these are subject to change and only estimates and not necessarily accurate to two decimal places. The WIND WAVES instrument also detects magnetic fields using three orthogonal search coil magnetometers (designed and built by the University of Iowa). The XY search coils are oriented to be parallel to the XY dipole antenna. The search coils allow for high-frequency magnetic field measurements (defined as Bx, By, and Bz). The WAVES Z-Axis is anti-parallel to Z-GSE (Geocentric Solar Ecliptic) direction. Thus any rotations can be done about the Z-Axis in the normal Eulerian sense followed by a change of sign in the Z-component of any GSE vector rotated into WAVES coordinates.
Electric (and magnetic) field waveform captures can be obtained from the Time Domain Sampler (TDS) receiver. TDS samples are a waveform capture of 2048 points (16384 points on the STEREO spacecraft) per field component. The waveforms are measures of electric field versus time. In the highest sampling rates, the Fast (TDSF) sampler runs at ~120,000 samples per second (sps) and the Slow (TDSS) sampler runs at ~7,500 sps. TDSF samples are composed of two electric field components (typically Ex and Ey) while TDSS samples are composed of four vectors, either three electric and one magnetic field or three magnetic and one electric field. The TDSF receiver has little to no gain below about ~120 Hz and the search coil magnetometers roll off around ~3.3 Hz.
Thermal Noise Receiver.
The TNR measures ~4–256 kHz electric fields in up to 5 logarithmically spaced frequency bands, though typically only set at 3 bands, from 32 or 16 channels per band, with a 7 nV/(Hz)1/2 sensitivity, 400 Hz to 6.4 kHz bandwidth, and total dynamic range in excess of 100 dB. The data are taken by two multi-channel receivers which nominally sample for 20 ms at a 1 MHz sampling rate (see for more information). The TNR is often used to determine the local plasma density by observing the plasma line, an emission at the local plasma frequency due to a thermal noise response of the wire dipole antenna. One should note that observation of the plasma line requires the dipole antenna to be longer than the local Debye length, λDe. For typical conditions in the solar wind λDe ~ 7–20 m, much shorter than the wire dipole antenna on WIND. The majority of this section was taken from.
WIND/3DP.
The WIND/3DP instrument (designed and built at the Berkeley Space Sciences Laboratory) was designed to make full three-dimensional measurements of the distributions of suprathermal electrons and ions in the solar wind. The instrument includes three arrays, each consisting of a pair of double-ended semi-conductor telescopes each with two or three closely sandwiched passivated ion implanted silicon detectors, which measure electrons and ions above ~20 keV. The instrument also has top-hat symmetrical spherical section electrostatic (ES) analyzers with microchannel plate detectors (MCPs) are used to measure ions and electrons from ~3 eV to 30 keV. The two types of detectors have energy reions ranging from ΔE/E ≈ 0.3 for the solid state telescopes (SST) and ΔE/E ≈ 0.2 for the top-hat ES analyzers. The angular resolutions are 22.5° x 36° for the SST and 5.6° (near the ecliptic) to 22.5° for the top-hat ES analyzers. The particle detectors can obtain a full 4π steradian coverage in one full(half) spin (~3 s) for the SST (top-hat ES analyzers). The majority of this section was taken from.
Electrostatic analyzers.
The arrays of detectors are mounted on two opposing booms, each 0.5 m in length. The top-hat ES analyzers are composed of four separate detectors, each with different geometry factors to cover different ranges of energies. The electron detectors, EESA, and ion detectors, PESA, are each separated into low (L) and high (H) energy detectors. The H and L analyzers contain 24 and 16 discrete anodes, respectively. The anode layout provides a 5.6° angular resolution within ±22.5° of the ecliptic plane (increases to 22.5° at normal incidence to ecliptic plane). The analyzers are swept logarithmically in energy and counters sample at 1024 samples/spin (~3 ms sample period). Thus the analyzers can be set to sample 64 energy samples per sweep at 16 sweeps per spin or 32 energy samples per sweep at 32 sweeps per spin,etc. The detectors are defined as follows:
The majority of this section was taken from.
Solid-state telescopes.
The SST detectors consist of three arrays of double-ended telescopes, each of which is composed of either a pair or triplet of closely sandwiched semi-conductor detectors. The center detector (Thick or T) of the triplet is 1.5 cm2 in area, 500 μm thick, while the other detectors, foil (F) and open (O), are the same area but only 300 μm thick. One direction of the telescopes is covered in a thin lexan foil, ~1500 Å of aluminum evaporated on each side to completely eliminate sunlight, (SST-Foil) where the thickness was chosen to stop protons up to the energy of electrons (~400 keV). Electrons are essentially unaffected by the foil. On the opposite side (SST-Open), a common broom magnet is used to refuse electrons below ~400 keV from entering but leaves the ions essentially unaffected. Thus, if no higher energy particles penetrate the detector walls, the SST-Foil should only measure electrons and the SST-Open only ions. Each double-ended telescope has two 36° x 20° FWHM FOV, thus each end of the five telescopes can cover a 180° x 20° piece of space. Telescope 6 views the same angle to spin axis as telescope 2, but both ends of telescope 2 have a drilled tantalum cover to reduce the geometric factor by a factor of 10 to measure the most intense fluxes. The SST-Foil data structures typically have 7 energy bins each with 48 data points while the SST-Open has 9 energy bins each with 48 data points. Both detectors have energy resolutions of ΔE/E ≈ 30%. The majority of this section was taken from.
WIND/MFI.
The magnetic field instrument (MFI) on board WIND is composed of dual triaxial fluxgate magnetometers. The MFI has a dynamic range of ±4 nT to ±65,536 nT, digital resolution ranging from ±0.001 nT to ±16 nT, sensor noise level of < 0.006 nT (R.M.S.) for 0–10 Hz signals, and sample rates varying from 44 samples per second (sps) in snapshot memory to 10.87 sps in standard mode. The data are also available in averages at 3 seconds, 1 minute, and 1 hour. The data sampled at higher rates ("i.e." >10 sps) is referred to as High Time Resolution (HTR) data in some studies.
WIND/SWE.
The WIND spacecraft has two Faraday Cup (FC) ion instruments. The SWE FCs can produce reduced ion distribution functions with up to 20 angular and 30 energy per charge bins every 92 seconds. Each sensor has a ~15° tilt above or below the spin plane and an energy range from ~150 eV to ~8 keV. A circular aperture limits the effects of aberration near the modulator grid and defines the collecting area of the collector plates in each FC. The FCs sample at a set energy for each spacecraft rotation, then step up the energy for the next rotation. Since there are up to 30 energy bins for these detectors, a full reduced distribution function requires 30 rotations or slightly more than 90 seconds.
List of Refereed Publications for WIND.
For a complete list of refereed publications directly or indirectly using data from the WIND spacecraft, see: http://wind.nasa.gov/bibliographies.php.

</doc>
<doc id="2893613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893613" title="Parmalat Canada">
Parmalat Canada

Parmalat Canada is a Toronto, Ontario based company that sells dairy products. It is owned by Parmalat SpA of Italy.
The Canadian unit was established in 1997 with the purchase of Beatrice Foods Canada and Ault Foods. It was not affected by financial problems of the parent company and continues to operate in Canada.
Retailers.
A list of retailers selling Beatrice products:
Products.
Product lines of Parmalat Canada:

</doc>
<doc id="2893619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893619" title="Alfred Hrdlicka">
Alfred Hrdlicka

Alfred Hrdlicka (; 27 February 1928 in Vienna – 5 December 2009) was an Austrian sculptor, draughtsman, painter and artist. His surname is sometimes written Hrdlička.
After learning to be a dental technician from 1943 to 1945, Hrdlicka studied painting until 1952 at the "Akademie der bildenden Künste" under Albert Paris Gütersloh and Josef Dobrowsky. Afterwards he studied sculpture until 1957 under Fritz Wotruba. In 1960 he had his first exhibition in Vienna; in 1964 he attained international attention as a representative of Austria at the Venice Biennale, Italy.
In 2008, his new religious work about the Apostles, "Religion, Flesh and Power," attracted criticism about its homoerotic theme. The exhibition was housed in the museum of the St. Stephen's Cathedral of Vienna. He taught many sculptors, such as Hans Sailer, Angela Laich and others.
Notes.
Hrdlicka was a talented chess player. In 1953 Austria sent him to participate in the Student World Championship in Brussels.

</doc>
<doc id="2893621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893621" title="Norwegian Republican Alliance">
Norwegian Republican Alliance

Norwegian Republican Alliance (in Norwegian: "Norsk Republikansk Allianse") is a minor political party in Sør-Trøndelag, Norway. The party is led by Erland Skattem, a retired military officer. The party advocates strengthening of national defence and introduction of a presidential system with direct elections to an executive head of state.
NRA was founded ahead of the 2005 parliamentary elections. The party presented a list with 11 candidates in Sør-Trøndelag, headed by Skattem. In total the party got 92 votes.

</doc>
<doc id="2893628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893628" title="Jonny Gammage">
Jonny Gammage

Jonny Gammage (July 20, 1964 – October 12, 1995) was a black motorist who was killed on October 12, 1995, after being stopped for driving erratically by police from the Pittsburgh suburbs of Brentwood, 
Baldwin and Whitehall in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania.
The incident.
The car that Gammage was driving, a Jaguar, belonged to NFL player Ray Seals, Gammage's cousin. Seals was not present; he had loaned the car to Gammage, who was visiting from his hometown of Syracuse, New York. According to court testimony, Lieutenant Milton Mullholland of the Brentwood Police Department began following Gammage as he drove northbound on State Route 51, after noticing that Gammage had braked when passing Mullholland's patrol car, which was parked on the side of the road. After driving behind Gammage for more than a mile and a half (leaving Brentwood and entering City of Pittsburgh limits) Mulholland decided to stop Gammage because Gammage repeatedly braked to slow his car – despite the fact that the portion of the roadway on which Gammage was traveling is graded and braking is necessary to remain within the speed limit. Upon stopping Gammage, Mullholland called for backup, but rather than a general backup call, he specifically requested the presence of Officer John Vojtas on the scene.
As Mullholland ran computer checks on Gammage's driver's license and the car registration, Sgt. Keith Henderson of the Whitehall Police Department arrived on the scene. Witnessing Gammage talking on his cellular telephone inside the vehicle, Henderson shone his flashlight into Gammage's car and drew his weapon. Officer John Vojtas of Brentwood arrived next, and with his weapon drawn, had a loud discussion with Gammage which resulted in Gammage exiting the car, cellular telephone and datebook in hand. Vojtas knocked the items to the ground using his flashlight. When he raised his flashlight, Gammage knocked the flashlight from Vojtas's hand. Vojtas and Henderson tackled Gammage and wrestled him to the ground. Mullholland joined in the altercation, helping the other two men pin the struggling Gammage to the ground. Officer Michael Albert of the Baldwin Police Department (who had arrived in response to the backup request) approached and attempted to assist in handcuffing him. Officer Shawn Peterson of the Whitehall Police Department also became involved, and joined Vojtas, Mullholland and Henderson in holding Gammage down, as one or more of the men struck him with flashlights. Gammage was eventually handcuffed, at which time only the two Whitehall officers, Henderson and Patterson, remained in contact with him, one sitting on Gammage's legs, another holding his upper body.
Within just seven minutes, Gammage lay dead. The coroner's report showed his cause of death to be asphyxiation due to pressure applied to the chest and neck. His last words were alleged to be "Keith, Keith, I'm 31. I'm only 31."
Trial.
After an inquest, a coroner's jury recommended homicide charges be brought against all five officers, but the Allegheny County district attorney at the time, Bob Colville, chose only to file the lesser charge of involuntary manslaughter against Mullholland, Albert and Vojtas.
The first trial of Mullholland and Albert ended in mistrial after Allegheny County Medical Examiner Cyril Wecht made what were ruled to be prejudicial statements during his testimony. The judge assigned to the case, David R. Cashman, ruled that the case could not be retried. This ruling was overturned by the state Supreme Court, Cashman was removed from the case, and Mullholland and Albert were re-tried. The second trial was again deemed a mistrial when the jury deadlocked, 11-1, with the lone vote for conviction coming from the one black jury member. Following this second mistrial, Mullholland and Albert's attorneys successfully argued that a third trial would constitute double jeopardy for their clients, and charges against the men were dropped.
Officer John Vojtas, who was tried separately, was found not guilty by a jury with no minority members. He was permitted to return to work as a police officer in the Brentwood department and received a promotion.
Despite community pressure in both Pittsburgh and Syracuse, the Department of Justice declined to bring a civil rights action against the officers and police departments involved.
Mentions in media.
The incident forms part of the basis of the song "Police Story" on the Anti-Flag album, "A New Kind of Army".
The incident is also mentioned by rapper Sun Rise Above on the song "Triple 7 Special".
"The Gammage Project", a play by Attilio Favorini, centers around the events of the murder and the trial. 

</doc>
<doc id="2893634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893634" title="Shokan">
Shokan

Shokan can mean one of three things:

</doc>
<doc id="2893643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893643" title="Boston Brook Airport">
Boston Brook Airport

Boston Brook Airport , is located southwest of Boston Brook, New Brunswick, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2893647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893647" title="Geology of the Falkland Islands">
Geology of the Falkland Islands

The Falkland Islands are located on a projection of the Patagonian continental shelf. In ancient geological time this shelf was part of Gondwana, which around 400 million years ago broke from what is now Africa and drifted westwards relative to Africa. Studies of the seabed surrounding the islands indicated the possibility of oil. Intensive exploration began in 1996, although there had been some earlier seismic surveys in the region.
Descriptions of the geology of the Falkland Islands are provided in several publications.
Geological history.
The geological history of the Falkland Islands began more than 1000 million years ago, before they existed as separate islands. The breakup of Gondwana led to the formation of a large number of minor crustal fragments, including the Falkland Islands. At first, the fragment containing the islands separated from the southeastern part of Africa on a section that would become Antarctica and later rotated by almost 180°. The interior of Gondwana was based on crystalline rocks more than a billion years old; in the Falklands today these are found in the Cape Meredith complex. Sand and mud filled and eventually covered the developing continental rifts. Later these sediments covering the rifts hardened into rock. These rock sequences from Gondwana's break-up can be identified in places as far apart as South Africa, western Antarctica and Brazil. In the Falkland Islands, these sequences are known as the West Falkland Group.
Two hundred million years ago, tectonic forces tore Gondwana apart. Sheets of liquid basalt intruded into the cracks that formed between the sedimentary layers. The resulting solidified sheets can now be seen in the form of dikes that cut the oldest sedimentary layers, those that lie principally in the southern part of East Falkland and in South Africa.
Tectonic forces continued to form the region: a mountainous chain formed, part of which now forms Wickham Heights on East Falkland Island and extends westwards through West Falkland into the Jason Islands. A basin developed and was filled with land-based, or "terrigenous", sediments. These layers of sand and mud filled the basin as it sank; as they hardened, they produced the rocks of the sedimentary Lafonia Group of the Falklands. These rocks are similar to those in southern Africa's Karoo basin.
About 290 million years ago, in the Carboniferous period, an ice age engulfed the area as glaciers advanced from the polar region, eroding and transporting rocks. These rocks were deposited as extensive moraines and glacial till. When the glacial sediments were turned into stone they formed the rocks that now make up the Fitzroy Tillite Formation in the Falklands. Identical rocks are found in southern Africa.
Geological structure.
The oldest rocks in the Falklands are gneiss and granite in the Cape Meredith complex, which radiometric studies place at around 1100 million years old. These types of rocks are visible in cliffs at the south end of West Falkland. The Cape Meredith complex corresponds to the crystalline rocks that made up the interior of the Gondwana supercontinent. This type of rock also has a great geological similarity to rocks currently found in South Africa and in Queen Maud Land in Antarctica. On top of the gneiss and granite lie layers of quartzite, sandstone, and shales or mudstone in West Falkland. Cross-bedding and ripple marks identify the zone where these rocks were deposited as the shallow waters of a delta environment where currents transported submarine sediments. In the case of the Falklands these palaeocurrent directions mostly run northward, and are very similar to those in formations in South Africa that run southward. Comparison of the two provides evidence that the block of sandstone sediments that contains the islands has rotated. Rocks in the central part of West Falkland contain fossils of marine organisms that lived in shallow water.
Formation of basalt dikes.
The plain of Lafonia is made of the arenaceous, or sandy, sediments of the Lafonia Group. Depressions in the sediments formed where they were cut by vertical basalt dikes. The dike is revealed by the erosion of the less resistant rock matrix; this can be observed on Lively Island. In West Falkland there are several dikes that cut the rocks of the West Falkland group, but these dykes, unlike the previous ones, are chemically more unstable and have eroded. The only indication of their existence is the aligned linear depressions. In the margins of these depressions there is evidence of contact baking or hornfels formation adjacent to the once molten basalt dyke.
Folding of West Falkland.
Most of the layers of West Falkland and its satellite islands are slightly inclined from the horizontal. This inclination shows different types from rocks in different places. The quartzites of Port Stephens and Stanley are more resistant than the arenaceous sediments of the formation at Fox Bay. The Hornby Mountains, near Falkland Sound have experienced tectonic forces of uplift and folding by which the beds of the West Falkland Group, the Fitzroy Tillite and the Lafonia Group are inclined to the vertical.
Folding of East Falkland.
Where East Falkland is underlain by rocks from the West Falkland Group, the rock layers are severely deformed. The layers are tightly folded with steep to vertical dips. The very soft rocks near the Fox Bay Formation are highly susceptible to erosion. The hardest quartzites are more resistant and have created a very irregular landscape with steeply inclined rock layers found along the length of the mountain chain on East Falkland from the city of Stanley westward to Wickham Heights.
Glaciation and weathering.
The effects of the ice age erosion that occurred in the Pleistocene glaciation between 25,000 and 15,000 years ago are visible in the islands. The tops of the hills have been exposed to most of the effects of freezing and thawing. Also, the strong winds that are characteristic of the region carry sand grains up to heights of a metre above ground level; the resulting sand-blasting causes rocks and pillar-shaped rock structures to show the most erosion in their lowest exposed levels, at one metre and below. This unique pattern of erosion is evident in the higher elevations of West Falkland where quartzites of the Port Stephens Formation are exposed at the surface. During the last glaciation, snow that accumulated year after year formed glaciers in some elevated leeward zones. These and previous glaciers modified the landscape on the eastern mountain slopes that were protected from the westerly winds. The reason for glacier accumulation on the eastern slopes could be that the climate could have been very dry, or that the prevailing wind prevented glaciers from forming in places other than eastern slopes.
Another effect of glaciation can be seen on East Falkland in the basins called glacial cirques that were created on Mount Usborne. On West Falkland there are glacial cirques on Mount Adam and on the Hornby mountains. Several of these hold tarns, or small cirque ponds.
Rock flows or moraines are another characteristic left by glaciation. In the Falklands, these generally occur only at the mouth of the cirques, although in one valley they extend some 3 km south of the drainage divide that was the likely ice source; north of this same divide, a closer-in moraine loop dams in a small lake. These moraines are morphologically quite different from the very widespread stone runs, which are the result of periglacial processes.
All the boulders in the stone runs are remnants of quartzites that were repeatedly ground down from repeated weathering, perhaps by a combination of frost action and thermal fatigue. They are found principally in the Port Stanley Beds and to a lesser degree in the Port Stephens Formation. Excavations show that the colour of the upper parts of the rocks is different from the lower part. This is due to rainwater erosion that has whitened the stones and left them a light grey colour. Below ground level, where the rocks have been protected from erosion, they acquire an orange colour from iron oxide.
Economic geology.
Petroleum exploration and reserves.
The petroleum survey area of the Falkland Islands is in the sea to the north of the islands, covers 400,000 km2, and contains several sedimentary basins from the Mesozoic era. After conducting seismic reflection studies and three-dimensional exploration, six test wells were drilled. Five of the six wells produced samples of petroleum. However none produced indications of commercial amounts.
According to British Geological Survey studies led by the geologist Phil Richards, the petroleum occurs at 2,700 metres below sea level and a maximum generation would be found beginning at 3,000 metres below sea level. The main petroleum source rocks have still not been penetrated because they are located at a depth deeper than 3,000 metres. It is considered probable that more than 60 billion barrels have been generated, that is, produced by natural forces, in deposits in the North Falkland Basin. These figures are based on the studies of pyrolysis obtained from wells and assume the existence of a mature rock interval of 400 metres thickness and covering an area of 
However, even with more conservative figures for the thickness and surface area of the source rock, the rich potential generator of petroleum, it is calculated that significant quantities can be extracted. For example, in an area of mature rock and 200 metres thick more than 11.5 billion barrels of petroleum could exist, including the production of 8 kilograms of hydrocarbon per tonne. 
The brown lacustrine sediments are similar to the lacustrine source rocks of the Upper Permian to the south from the Junggar basin, which are among the richest source rocks for oil in the world. According to calculations of the Potential Production Index (obtained when multiplying the organic content of the rock by its thickness and potential production of hydrocarbons) they suggest the rocks of the North Falkland basin are second only to the Junggar basin in petroleum potential. 
Although the wells indicate a potentially productive source rock, they also indicate that many of the target reservoirs are composed of volcaniclastic rocks with low porosity due to secondary mineralisation and are thus unlikely to store hydrocarbons in large quantities. This is not an anomalous view based solely on published data from one well, but based on information from multiple sources. Volcaniclastic-rich deposits are probably present in many parts of the basin, which is to be expected, given the major volcanic sediment source that lay to the west at the time of sedimentary deposition.
Tectonic-stratigraphic structure of the North Falkland Basin: post-exploratory-well analysis.
The sedimentary material that fills the north part of North Falkland basin is divided in eight tectonic-stratigraphic geological units. A geologic unit is a volume of rock or ice of identifiable origin and age that is defined by distinctive characteristics. At present the biostratigraphic information collected is not sufficient to establish a stratigraphical sequence based on palynological and paleontological data. Also, the lithostratigraphical units are useful to describe the stratigraphy only of individual wells, but are not useful to make comparisons since there are lateral lithological variations between the units.
The North Falkland basin was where the fluvial-lacustrine (river-lake) deposition took place during the first and last stages of crest formation in the area, which created a permanent lake toward the end of the process of the subsidence or sinking of the crest. At the end of the formation of the crest, a process of sedimentation occurred that formed various delta systems, creating a large system of lakes.
Toward the end of the tectonic uplift, sedimentation occurred within several deltaic systems in a great system of lakes. Towards the end of the post-uplift phase, from the end of the early Albian or Cenomanian to the beginning of the late Paleocene, the North Falkland basin was characterized by the initial establishment of marginal coastal conditions and finally totally marine conditions, as a marine connection with the basin was formed. In the case of the Falkland basin, the marine conditions began in the early Jurassic and continued in the San Jorge River basin to the northwest, which suggests that marine conditions spread northwards from the south. The process of uplift in the Paleocene was followed by a process of tectonic subsidence in addition to the marine-deltaic deposition that took place during the rest of the Cenozoic period.
History of petroleum exploration.
Geological surveys of the Falklands began in the late 1970s, when two petroleum services companies undertook seismic surveys of the Falklands and the surrounding seafloor. Although the data appeared to indicate the area was a viable site for exploratory drilling, the islands' government was not prepared to grant licences for drilling. With the growth of oil extraction in the North Sea, most crude extraction in British waters was confined to the North Sea area. Some limited surveying did continue, but this was halted entirely following the invasion of the Falkland Islands by Argentina in 1982 and the subsequent conflict.
In 1992 the Falkland Islands government contracted the British Geological Survey to resume geological survey work in the Falklands. After an initial investigation showed the presence of several Mesozoic basins in the waters surrounding the islands, the first round of exploratory licences was granted covering the most promising of these basins, a fractured basin of elongated shape in relatively shallow waters north of the islands. Other candidate basins, located to the south and east of the islands, present a greater technological challenge, as they are located in considerably deeper waters.
When the Falkland Islands government granted licenses in 1996, seven companies agreed upon an exploratory drilling campaign. Six exploratory wells were drilled as planned for the first five-year period of the licences.
Along with geological and geophysical data obtained during the exploration campaign, environmental data were also gathered. On the other hand, new investigations in this local were carried out during the drilling campaign and were the object of study in recent years . Investigations of oil reserves in the Falklands area have continued, but no large-scale extraction has yet commenced.
A new programme of exploratory drilling was scheduled to begin in February 2010 when the Ocean Guardian begins an expected programme of ten exploration wells for Desire Petroleum plc and its associate companies. In 2012 "Leiv Eirikson" is drilling in the East Falklands Basin.
The petroleum system in the North Falkland Basin.
The petroleum exploration discovered a system of source rock in the North Falkland Basin capable of generating more than 102 kg of hydrocarbons per tonne of rock. Although a great portion of the thickness of the source rock is geologically immature, it is capable of generating hydrocarbons below 2,000 metres. The rock generating the largest quantity of hydrocarbons is located at a depth of nearly 3,000 metres. The calculations of the volume of rock that lies just inside the bordering fringe of the petroleum deposit ranges from 36 billion cubic metres to 400 billion cubic metres, depending on the interpretation of the seismic survey data. In general, it is believed that the basin could have generated up to 60 billion barrels of petroleum.
The petroleum exploration discovered that under the principal interval of source rock is a layer of sandstone approximately 100 metres thick with porosities reaching 30%. Up to now, very few sandstones with good reserve properties have been found in the succession of rifts below the interval of principal source rock, but very few wells have penetrated into this zone.
The absence of high pressure in the basin suggests that whatever quantity of petroleum was produced could have migrated laterally and thus could be trapped in rift reservoirs developed below and to the side of the source rock and could function—given its low level of porosity—as a seal for the deeper rock and would only be cut on the borders where it is intruded upon by faults.

</doc>
<doc id="2893648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893648" title="Chichester Metro station">
Chichester Metro station

Chichester Metro is a station on the Yellow Line of the Tyne and Wear Metro. It is situated in the Chichester area of South Shields, North East England. Trains head eastbound to the terminus at South Shields (King Street) and westbound towards Gateshead and Newcastle, with an interchange at Pelaw for trains to South Hylton via Sunderland.
A statue of Queen Victoria had been moved from her original position of being in front of South Shields Town Hall in 1949 to Chichester. [http://www.journallive.co.uk/north-east-news/todays-news/2010/10/18/south-shields-town-hall-reaches-its-century-61634-27493895/]
In 1981 Queen Victoria was evicted from Chichester to make way for the Metro station and returned to her original position at the front of the Town Hall where she remains to this day.
Chichester Metro station is situated on the new Metro route to South Shields, which followed the former Stanhope and Tyne Railway route rather than the former Brandling Junction Railway route via High Shields. Part of this line had been transferred into National Coal Board ownership, and to the south of the station was a single-track electrified NCB freight line, part of the Harton Colliery system. In the early 1990s this line was de-electrified, and, following the closure of Westoe Colliery, has been closed completely.
Chichester Metro station was intended as one of the original interchange stations which meant buses were timetabled to interchange with Metro services. This arrangement broke down after the deregulation of local bus services in 1986. The platforms at Chichester are below street level, however the ticket hall is at ground level. The ticket hall contains two ticket machines and a newsagent. Chichester Metro has four bicycle lockers.
Unlike the city of Chichester in Sussex, the 'i' is pronounced as 'eye' ().
External links.
Read more: Journal Live http://www.journallive.co.uk/north-east-news/todays-news/2010/10/18/south-shields-town-hall-reaches-its-century-61634-27493895/#ixzz2OGFAxbNm

</doc>
<doc id="2893653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893653" title="Richard Ruston">
Richard Ruston

Richard Fletcher "Dick" Ruston (August 28, 1919 – May 19,2002) was a politician in Ontario, Canada. He served in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1967 to 1985, as a member of the Liberal Party.
Background.
Ruston was born in Essex County in southwestern Ontario, and educated in the area. He was manager of the Essex County Medical Co-op. He and his wife Shirley lived in Essex where they raised five children. 
Politics.
Ruston was a councillor in Maidstone Township from 1960 to 1962, reeve of the community from 1963 to 1968, and an Essex County councillor.
He was elected to the Ontario legislature in the 1967 provincial election, defeating Progressive Conservative candidate Fred Cada by 991 votes. He was re-elected in the 1971 election by roughly the same margin, and won with larger majorities in 1975, 1977, and 1981. He served as Liberal Party whip for a period. The Progressive Conservative Party governed Ontario during this period, and Ruston was an opposition member for his legislative career. He was primarily a defender of farmer's interests.
Ruston announced that he would retire from the legislature in mid-1985, and was not a candidate in that year's provincial election. 
Later life.
He died in 2002 after suffering from Alzheimer's disease. Fellow MPP and friend Sean Conway described him as a follower of Ontario's Clear Grit tradition, and a believer that "the best government [...] is the smaller unit closest to the people".

</doc>
<doc id="2893664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893664" title="Tyne Dock Metro station">
Tyne Dock Metro station

Tyne Dock Metro station is situated on the Yellow line of the Tyne and Wear Metro system, in South Shields, Tyne and Wear, England. It takes its name from the Tyne Dock locality to the north of the station, although in primarily serves the residential area of West Harton to the south.
The original Tyne Dock station opened on 19 June 1839, on the Branding Junction Railway from Gateshead to South Shields via Brockley Whins and High Shields. It was sited just to the east of the divergence of the BJR route via High Shields and the Stanhope and Tyne Railway route via Chichester. The route via High Shields closed on 1 June 1981 and was abandoned, and the Metro line to South Shields was to follow the S&TR; thus the replacement Tyne Dock station was built just to the east of the divergence, but on the former S&TR route.
The station opened in 1984, as part of the final phase of the original Metro scheme, when the network was extended from Heworth to South Shields.

</doc>
<doc id="2893673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893673" title="Breastwork (fortification)">
Breastwork (fortification)

A breastwork is a fortification. The term is usually applied to temporary fortifications, often an earthwork thrown up to breast height to provide protection to defenders firing over it from a standing position. A more permanent structure, normally in stone, would be described as a parapet or the battlement of a castle wall.
In warships, a breastwork refers to the armored superstructure in the middle of the ship that did not extend all the way out to the sides of the ship. It was generally only used in ironclad turret ships designed between 1865 and 1880.

</doc>
<doc id="2893674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893674" title="Apian-Gymnasium Ingolstadt">
Apian-Gymnasium Ingolstadt

The Apian-Gymnasium Ingolstadt is a "Gymnasium" (high school) in Ingolstadt, Bavaria established in 1971. It was named after Peter Apian (1495–1552) and his son Philipp Apian. Peter Apian was a mathematician at the University of Ingolstadt, Bavaria's oldest university (which was later moved to Munich). His son Philipp (1531–1589) was his successor as the professor of mathematics at Ingolstadt University and the first cartographer to produce a complete map of Bavaria.
The Apian-Gymnasium is one of Bavaria's centres of excellence. It offers a wide variety of subjects, an inventors' club, a number of exchange programs with France, Scotland and the USA, but also playful facilities like a terrarium with snakes and spiders and a large toy train room with to-scale electric toy trains and stations.

</doc>
<doc id="2893679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893679" title="Moses Gill">
Moses Gill

Moses Gill (January 18, 1734 – May 20, 1800) was a Massachusetts politician who briefly served as the state's Acting Governor. He is the state's only acting governor to die in office. A successful businessman, he became one of the leading settlers of Princeton, Massachusetts, entering politics shortly before the American Revolutionary War. He served on the Massachusetts Provincial Congress's executive committee until the state adopted its constitution in 1780, after which he continued to serve on the state's Governor's Council.
Elected lieutenant governor in 1794, he served in that office under Governors Samuel Adams and Increase Sumner until the latter died shortly after winning reelection in 1799. Gill served an apparently undistinguished term as acting governor until his own death in 1800, ten days before his successor, Caleb Strong, assumed office. Gill was a significant benefactor and founder of Leicester Academy, and supported the congregational church in Princeton, where the family had a large estate.
Early life and family.
Moses Gill was born January 18, 1734 to John and Elizabeth (Abbot) Gill in Charlestown, Massachusetts. He was one the younger sons in a long line of children which included John Gill, who would become well known in the colonies as printer of the "Boston Gazette". Gill entered business as a local merchant in Boston. In 1759 he married Sarah Prince, daughter to pastor Thomas Prince of Boston's Old South Church. Upon her father's death the couple inherited Prince's lands in western Worcester County, one of the largest tracts in what became the town of Princeton. In 1767 he retired from his business activities, and the couple divided their time between Boston and Princeton. Sarah died childless in 1771. Gill remarried in 1772 to Rebecca Boylston, a scion of the influential Boylston family and sister of Harvard College benefactor Nicholas Boylston. They were also childless; when his brother John died, Gill adopted one of his sons. The Gills were known to own several slaves.
Political career.
In 1774 Gill entered politics, winning election to the provincial assembly. The assembly was dissolved by Governor Thomas Gage under the terms of the Massachusetts Government Act (a punishment of Massachusetts for the Boston Tea Party), but its members met shortly afterwards and reconstituted themselves as the Massachusetts Provincial Congress. Gill served on this body's executive council, which functioned as the "de facto" executive of the state until its constitution was adopted in 1780. When the American Revolutionary War broke in April 1775, Gill became involved in the early military organization of the Siege of Boston, heading the provincial congress' supply committee. He was also delegated, along with General Artemas Ward, to meet George Washington in Springfield and escort him to the army camps outside Boston.
Because of his prominence in Worcester County Gill was appointed to the county's district court when it was reorganized after the revolution began. In this role he sat on the panel that heard the preliminary cases in 1781 involving Quock Walker, an African American seeking a declaration of his freedom. Gill's panel decided in Walker's favor, and the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court eventually confirmed the judgments on appeal, declaring that slavery was incompatible with the state constitution.
He continued to serve in the General Court (state legislature), winning election to the state senate annually from 1780, and being chosen by that body to serve on the Governor's Council. He stood for election to the United States House of Representatives in the 1789 election (the first after the adoption of the United States Constitution) but was defeated by Jonathan Grout. After the death of the immensely popular Governor John Hancock in 1793, the state's gubernatorial election of 1794 was a wide open race. Gill was one of several nominees for lieutenant governor, and received more votes than all nominees except the winning gubernatorial candidate, Samuel Adams. With no candidates for lieutenant governor receiving a majority, the General Court decided the election, choosing Gill. He thereafter won annual reelection to that post. In 1796 the aging Adams announced he would not run for reelection the following spring, and again the election was a wide open affair. The party system was still taking shape in the state, and the Federalists nominated Increase Sumner, while more populist factions that had previously supported Hancock and Adams nominated Gill and James Sullivan. Although Gill polled well in Boston and the eastern counties (present-day Maine), the Federalists won a decisive victory over the divided opposition. Since he was also nominated by one faction as lieutenant governor, Gill was again returned to that post. The principal issues in this and subsequent elections were over federal policy: specifically the national response to threats of war with Revolutionary France, and the consequent need for increased taxes to arm the nation. Gill's politics are unclear: historian Anson Morse is of the opinion that his popularity was not sufficient to head the ticket of either the Federalists or the Democratic-Republicans. Historian John Barry observes that Gill's term as acting governor, even though it was for essentially a full year, was "too short to be particularly distinguished".
Sumner easily won reelection in 1798 and 1799, but was ill during the 1799 race, which he won by a landslide. Constitutional issues were raised because he was on his deathbed and it was uncertain that he could even take the oath of office. Sumner finally took the oath of office in early June, but died a few days later, at which point Gill became acting governor. Gill served out Sumner's term, and was considered a candidate for the governorship as the 1800 election approached. The election primarily pitted Federalist Caleb Strong against Democratic-Republican Elbridge Gerry, and was won by Strong. Gill was derided by his opponents as the preferred candidate of the wealthy, and Federalists were accused of promoting him as a candidate in order to divide the opposition. Gill died on May 20, before Strong was informed of the victory, resulting in the only time in the state's history when the offices of governor and lieutenant governor were both formally vacant. As a result the Governor's Council ruled the state for ten days. (The council had governed several times during the colonial period under similar circumstances; the state constitution was amended in 1918 to remove the council from the gubernatorial succession.)
Charitable concerns and legacy.
Gill was a member and major supporter of the Congregational Church in Princeton, and a founding trustee and benefactor of Leicester Academy. He was also for many years president of the Society for Propagating the Gospel among the Indians. Gill, Massachusetts is named in his honor.
Gill also made civic contributions to the town of Princeton. Land he donated became the town's original center (located about one-half mile from the current town center). This land includes one the town's earliest cemeteries, which is where Gill and other members of his family are interred. His estate, located near the town center, was reputed to be one of the largest and most magnificent of its time in Worcester County. His second wife's nephew, Ward Nicholas Boylston, inherited the estate; in addition to many other charitable works, Boylston was a major contributor to the establishment of Princeton's present town center.

</doc>
<doc id="2893681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893681" title="International Solar-Terrestrial Physics Science Initiative">
International Solar-Terrestrial Physics Science Initiative

The International Solar-Terrestrial Physics Science Initiative is an international research collaboration between NASA, the ESA, and ISAS. Its goal is to study phenomena related to the Sun, solar wind and its effects on Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="2893685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893685" title="Peg Phillips">
Peg Phillips

Peg Phillips (September 20, 1918 – November 7, 2002) was an American actress best known for playing storekeeper Ruth-Anne Miller on the television series "Northern Exposure".
Phillips was born Margaret Linton in Everett, Washington, to Charles and Myrtle Linton.
She wanted to be an actress from the age of four and performed in dinner theater as a hobby. She was the wife of Daniel Greene, a Navy man stationed in the Territory of Hawaii when the attack on Pearl Harbor occurred. She was married to Chester Phillips in the 1950s, during which time she suffered a near-fatal bout of "polio and a serious abdominal infection". Both marriages ended in divorce. She had three daughters, Elizabeth, Kathy, and Virginia, and a son, Arthur.
She lived with Kathy, Virginia and Arthur in Santa Cruz, California, in the early to mid-1960s. Her oldest daughter, Elisabeth, had left the household. She worked as an accountant at Sweet Service in Santa Cruz during that time. She was involved with local theatrical groups; her favorite play was "Bell, Book and Candle". After retiring from accounting, Phillips moved back to Washington to enroll in drama school at the University of Washington, but never completed her degree "because I started getting so much work." 
She started acting professionally in her late 60s. Her first film performance was in the TV movie "Case" in 1985. In 1990, she originated the role of Ruth-Anne Miller on "Northern Exposure". The character had been intended to be intermittent, but gradually appeared more frequently until she became a regular. After the fifth season of the show was wrapped up in 1995, she was undergoing heart surgery when an aortic aneurysm ruptured. Had she not already been on the operating table, it probably would have been fatal. 
After "Northern Exposure", Phillips played several guest roles, especially on "7th Heaven". She played the dude ranch-owning godmother of Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen's characters in "How the West Was Fun". Her last role was a guest spot on "ER" in 2000. She also founded the Woodinville Repertory Theatre in 1998 and served as its artistic director in Woodinville, Washington, until her death. 
She died in 2002 from pulmonary disease in Seattle, aged 84. (Like her "Northern Exposure" character, she was a smoker from an early age, having started at thirteen.) Her son Arthur died in 1970 and her second daughter, Kathy, also preceded Phillips in death.

</doc>
<doc id="2893690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893690" title="Signature Books">
Signature Books

Signature Books is a press specializing in subjects related to Utah, Mormonism, and Western Americana. The company was founded in 1980 by George D. Smith and Scott Kenney and is based in Salt Lake City, Utah.
History.
In the late 1970s, Scott Kenney decided there needed to be a Mormon-related press that didn’t have ties to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and in 1980 he and a few investors created Signature Books and in 1981 published its first book, "Saintspeak" by Orson Scott Card. Several of Signature Books' publications have won awards from the Association for Mormon Letters, the John Whitmer Historical Association, the Mormon History Association, the Mountain West Center for Western Studies, and the Utah Center for the Book. Among those present at Signature Books inception were George D. Smith and Scott Kenney, assisted by a board of directors composed of historians and business leaders: Eugene E. Campbell, Everett L. Cooley, David Lisonbee, D. Michael Quinn, Allen Dale Roberts, and Richard S. Van Wagoner; and an editorial board consisting of Lavina Fielding Anderson, Maureen Ursenbach Beecher, Davis Bitton, Orson Scott Card, and Jay Parry.
Present.
Signature Books produces from eight to ten books a year, which deal with topics of western and Mormon history, fiction, essay, humor and art. Among these are the diaries of Mormon leaders such as Joseph Smith, William Clayton, Heber C. Kimball, Wilford Woodruff, L. John Nuttall, Anthon H. Lund, John Henry Smith, Rudger Clawson, B. H. Roberts and Reed Smoot. Signature has also published noted studies of well-known early Mormon theologians such as James E. Talmage, B. H. Roberts, Orson Pratt, Parley P. Pratt, Brigham Young, John Widtsoe, and award winning biographies of significant early Mormons such as, Joseph Smith, Sidney Rigdon, Wilford Woodruff, John Taylor, as well as a biography of thirty three of the plural wives of Joseph Smith.
Controversy.
A number of books produced by the publisher related to Mormon history have been considered controversial. Some authors view this as "quality liberal thinking on controversial LDS topics." Terryl Givens states that the publisher is "the main vehicle for publications that challenge the borders of Mormon orthodoxy."
Signature Books is sometimes at odds with the Foundation for Ancient Research and Mormon Studies (FARMS), an organization of Mormon scholars and apologists which promotes orthodox Mormon historical scholarship. Author Simon Southerton referred to Signature Books as "a perennial thorn in the side of FARMS." One example was Signature Book's publication of Grant Palmer's book "An Insider's View of Mormon Origins". The publication of this book immediately resulted in five negative book reviews by FARMS. Ron Priddis of Signature Books responded to these reviews by stating: "Is nothing beyond the reach of sarcasm by FARMS polemicists?"
At one point in early 1991, FARMS claims that Signature Books threatened a lawsuit over several reviews of its books that appeared in the "Review on Books of the Book of Mormon". The item which initiated the lawsuit threat was a book review published by Stephen E. Robinson, on Signature-published "The Word of God: Essays on Mormon Scripture", in which Robinson blasted, "Korihor's back, and this time he's got a printing press. In its continuing assault upon traditional Mormonism, Signature Books promotes with its recent and dubiously titled work, "The Word of God", ...naturalistic assumptions...in dealing with Latter-day Saint belief." Signature Books asserts that several of the scholars who participated in "New Approaches" considered themselves active and participating members of the LDS faith. The FARMS reviewers, for their part, considered these authors to be opponents to the LDS tradition. Signature management made an inquiry with the FARMS management, holding that such inferences were insulting and could be considered libelous. Signature then requested a retraction.
In 2004, Signature Books posted on its web site a speech given by John Hatch, in which Hatch said, "After reading the (FARMS) reviews myself, it appears to me, and is my opinion, that FARMS is interested in making Mormonism's past appear as normal as possible to readers by attacking history books that discuss complex or difficult aspects of the church's past. ... I am deeply troubled by what I see as continued efforts to attack honest scholarly work."

</doc>
<doc id="2893695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893695" title="Bernard Nathanson">
Bernard Nathanson

Bernard N. Nathanson (July 31, 1926 – February 21, 2011) was an American medical doctor from New York who helped to found the National Association for the Repeal of Abortion Laws, but later became a pro-life activist. He was the narrator for the controversial 1984 anti-abortion film The Silent Scream.
Early life and education.
Nathanson was born in New York City. His father was an obstetrician/gynecologist, the same career that Nathanson held in his professional life. Nathanson graduated in 1949 from McGill University Faculty of Medicine in Montreal.
Career.
He was licensed to practice in New York state since 1952 and became board-certified in obstetrics and gynecology in 1960. He was for a time the director of the Center for Reproductive and Sexual Health (CRASH), then the largest freestanding abortion facility in the world. In 1974 Nathanson wrote: “I am deeply troubled by my own increasing certainty that I had in fact presided over 60,000 deaths.” He also wrote that he performed an abortion on a woman whom he had impregnated.
Activism.
Pro-choice.
Originally a pro-choice activist, Nathanson gained national attention by then becoming one of the founding members of the National Association for the Repeal of Abortion Laws (later renamed the National Abortion Rights Action League, and now known as NARAL Pro-Choice America). He worked with Betty Friedan and others for the legalization of abortion in the United States. Their efforts essentially succeeded with the "Roe v Wade" decision.
Pro-life.
With the development of ultrasound in the 1970s, he had the chance to observe a real-time abortion. This led him to reconsider his views on abortion. He is often quoted as saying abortion is ""the most atrocious holocaust in the history of the United States"". He wrote the book "Aborting America" where he first exposed what he called "the dishonest beginnings of the abortion movement". In 1984, he directed and narrated a film titled "The Silent Scream", in cooperation with the National Right to Life Committee, regarding abortion. His second documentary "Eclipse of Reason" dealt with late-term abortions. He stated that the numbers he once cited for NARAL concerning the number of deaths linked to illegal abortions were "false figures".
Referring to his previous work as an abortion provider and abortion rights activist, he wrote in his 1996 autobiography "Hand of God", "I am one of those who helped usher in this barbaric age." Nathanson developed what he called the "vector theory of life", which states that from the moment of conception, there exists "a self-directed force of life that, if not interrupted, will lead to the birth of a human baby."
Religious conversion.
Nathanson grew up Jewish and for more than ten years after he became pro-life he described himself as a "Jewish atheist". In 1996 he converted to Catholicism through the efforts of an Opus Dei priest, the Rev. C. John McCloskey. In December 1996, Nathanson was baptized by Cardinal John O'Connor in a private Mass with a group of friends in New York’s St. Patrick’s Cathedral. He also received Confirmation and first Communion from the cardinal. He stated that "no religion matches the special role for forgiveness that is afforded by the Catholic Church" when asked why he converted to Roman Catholicism.
Personal life and death.
Nathanson married four times; his first three marriages ended in divorce. He died of cancer in New York on February 21, 2011 at the age of 84. He was survived by his fourth wife, Christine, and a son, Joseph, from a previous union, who resides in New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="2893699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893699" title="Salon of Berta Zuckerkandl">
Salon of Berta Zuckerkandl

The Salon of Berta Zuckerkandl-Szeps existed in Vienna from the end of the 19th Century until 1938. It was located in her Viennese residence in the Palais Lieben-Auspitz on the Ringstraße1.
The first salon was held in a mansion in the Nusswaldgasse in Döbling. Later it was held in the Palais Lieben-Auspitz at the Oppolzergasse 6 at the Ringstraße. The salon was formed in the tradition of Fanny von Arnstein's literary salons in the days of the Congress of Vienna. 
Bertha Zuckerkandl's salon claimed such famous participants as Gustav Klimt, Gustav Mahler, Max Reinhardt and Arthur Schnitzler. She also supported such artists as Anton Kolig and Sebastian Isepp from the so-called “Nötscher Kreis”. 
Her sister Sofie was married to Paul Clemenceau - the brother of the French Prime Minister Georges Clemenceau - giving the salon connections to Parisian circles.
Notes.
1Address was at Oppolzergasse 6, in the I. district Innere Stadt.

</doc>
<doc id="2893701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893701" title="The Sheriff of Fractured Jaw">
The Sheriff of Fractured Jaw

The Sheriff of Fractured Jaw (a.k.a. La Bionda e Lo Sceriffo/The Blonde and the Sheriff) is a 1958 British/American western comedy film directed by Raoul Walsh, starring Kenneth More and Jayne Mansfield, and filmed in Spain.
Synopsis.
Jonathon Tibbs, son of a family of English gunsmiths, has no interest in the business and prefers inventing gadgets, in particular a steam-powered horseless carriage. Threatened with disinheritance if he does not report for work, he discovers that the company is not doing very well, and concludes that someone must expand their sales.
He reads in his newspaper about the wide use of guns in the American West of the 1880s, and decides to go there himself to sell firearms to the locals. 
He ends up at the small lawless town of Fractured Jaw and inadvertently acquires a reputation for quickness on the draw, due to his wrist-mounted Derringer style weapon. He is innocently drawn into a range war between the "Box T" and "Lazy S" cattle outfits, both of whom claim sole water rights and, when he proves able to stand up to their hired gunmen, is appointed sheriff.
He endeavours to clean up the town using what skills he has, and by multilateral diplomacy. He attracts the support of Miss Kate, a blonde bombshell hotel owner, who helps him to fight off the hired guns of both cattle ranches, who all want him dead. 
Earning the respect of the local Indian tribe, he becomes a blood brother of theirs, under the name of 'Fleet Iron Hat'. When he and Kate are besieged by the gunmen of both outfits, they come to his rescue and help to arrest the men. The two ranch owners eventually offer a deal to maintain the peace and share the water rights.
With relative peace restored, Jonathon decides to remain in Fractured Jaw, becomes an American citizen and marries Kate.
Production.
The film was directed by Raoul Walsh and produced by Daniel M. Angel. It features an eclectic cast of British and American character actors, including Henry Hull, Bruce Cabot, Sid James and Robert Morley. Because of Jayne Mansfield's top billing with More, the title for the Italian release was "La Bionda e Lo Sceriffo"; literally, "The Blonde and The Sheriff".
It is notable as a rare example of a British western (albeit a comedy). It was also the first western to be filmed in Spain – the standing set was later used for "A Fistful of Dollars".
Reception.
The film was the 11th most popular movie at the British box office in 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="2893705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893705" title="Wollaston, West Midlands">
Wollaston, West Midlands

Wollaston is a suburb of Stourbridge, in West Midlands, England. It is within Dudley Metropolitan Borough. It is situated on the border between Dudley Metropolitan Borough and Staffordshire County (South Staffordshire district), and until 1974 was in Worcestershire. Wollaston is one mile from Stourbridge town centre.
Education.
Two primary schools serve Wollaston: St. James's C of E Primary and The Ridge Primary. Concerning secondary schools, the village is primarily served by Ridgewood High School (a Science Specialist College).
Wollaston Hall.
Wollaston is locally famous for Wollaston Hall, which once stood in the village but was disassembled and shipped abroad to an unknown location in North America It has been established that panelling and a fireplace from the Hall are now in the Edsel and Eleanor Ford House in Grosse Pointe Shores, Michigan, a building that bears a striking resemblance to the original Hall.
Birthplace of steam locomotive.
The Stourbridge Lion, built in Wollaston, was the first steam locomotive to run on a commercial line in the United States. Built by Foster, Rastrick & Co. in 1829, the Stourbridge Lion's historic first run took place on 8 August.
The foundry in Lowndes Road, Wollaston where the Stourbridge Lion was built stands to this day but is now under threat of demolition. The Grade II listed building has been vandalised since the last business went bankrupt and is in a sorry state. Local historian Dr Paul Collins believes the site is of huge historical importance and should be developed into a heritage centre and exhibition to celebrate this unique piece of history. The locomotive is now on view at the B&O Railroad museum, Baltimore MD, on loan from the Smithsonian Institution, Washington.
Transport.
The Stourbridge Canal skirts around the village linking the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal with the Dudley No 1 Canal, this places Wollaston on the Stourport Ring. The nearest train station is Stourbridge Town, and several National Express West Midlands and Hansons bus services from Stourbridge run through the village. The Stourbridge to Bridgnorth A458 road runs through the village. Between 1901 and 1930, Wollaston was served by an electric tramway, the Kinver Light Railway.
Local Societies.
Founded in 2007, FNDC (Friday Night Drinks Club) is a group that meets weekly at public houses within Wollaston. Each member offers a topic of interest for discussion. The group meets from 7pm at The Princess public house and welcome new participants. A friendly and open collective, the group is well known for supporting local hostelries.
Wollaston Illuminations.
Wollaston is home to the locally famous "Wollaston Illuminations" in Leonard Road in the village, where the annual Christmas lights attract people from all over the Black Country to raise money for a chosen charity. The Stourbridge celebrity Johnny Briggs, who played Mike Baldwin in the ITV soap Coronation Street has switched the lights on several times over the years, and they are often featured on the BBC Midlands Today news program.
In 2006 many of the residents of Leonard Road decided to cancel the illuminations as a protest to hot food and drink vendors 'cashing in' on the fundraising event which in past years, has raised large sums for charity.
Notable residents.
Actress, Jan Pearson was born and brought up in Wollaston. Pearson now plays the role of Karen Hollins in the BBC Birmingham set soap opera, Doctors.

</doc>
<doc id="2893709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893709" title="Cynthia Geary">
Cynthia Geary

Cynthia Geary (born March 21, 1965, Jackson, Mississippi) is an American actress best known for her role as Shelly Tambo in the television series "Northern Exposure". In her Emmy-nominated role, she played a former Miss Northwest Passage beauty queen living with a decades-older lover, Holling Vincoeur (played by John Cullum). Together they ran Cicely, Alaska's tavern and restaurant, The Brick.
Encouraged at an early age by her mother (a voice and music teacher), Geary studied ballet, voice, and piano. She earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in vocal performance from the University of Mississippi, where she was a member of Delta Delta Delta sorority.
Career.
Her acting career began with a series of national commercials, including spots for Coca-Cola and General Motors. She soon had numerous guest starring roles on a variety of television programs, made-for-television movies and independent films, including a small part in "Smoke Signals", a film based on the short stories of Native American author Sherman Alexie. Geary played the mother of the Olsen twins in their 1992 made-for-TV movie "To Grandmother's House We Go", appeared in the 1997 movie "When Time Expires", and is the female lead in "8 Seconds". She voiced the character of Katia Anderson in the second game of the Professor Layton video game series, "Professor Layton and the Diabolical/Pandora's Box". 
Personal life.
Geary is largely retired from acting. She has two children by her marriage to Robert Coron, a commercial real estate broker.

</doc>
<doc id="2893723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893723" title="Lectisternium">
Lectisternium

In ancient Roman religion, the lectisternium was a propitiatory ceremony, consisting of a meal offered to gods and goddesses. The word derives from "lectum sternere", "to spread (or "drape") a couch." The deities were represented by their busts or statues, or by portable figures of wood, with heads of bronze, wax or marble, and covered with drapery. It has also been suggested that the divine images were bundles of sacred herbs tied together in the form of a head, covered by a waxen mask so as to resemble a kind of bust, rather like the straw figures called Argei. These figures were laid upon a couch ("lectus"), the left arm resting on a cushion ("pulvinus", whence the couch itself was often called "pulvinar") in the attitude of reclining. The couch was set out in the open street, and a meal placed before it on a table.
Livy says that the ceremony took place "for the first time" in Rome in the year 399 BC, after a pestilence had caused the Sibylline Books to be consulted by the "duumviri sacris faciundis", the two priestly officials who maintained the archive. Three couches were prepared for three pairs of gods — Apollo and Latona, Hercules and Diana, Mercury and Neptune. The feast lasted for eight (or seven) days, and was also celebrated by private individuals. The citizens kept open house, quarrels were forgotten, debtors and prisoners were released, and everything done to banish sorrow.
Similar honors were paid to other divinities in subsequent times: Fortuna, Saturnus, Juno Regina of the Aventine, the three Capitoline deities (Jupiter, Juno, Minerva). In 217 BC, after the Roman defeat at Lake Trasimene, a lectisternium was held for three days to six pairs of gods, corresponding to the Twelve Olympians of ancient Greek religion: Jupiter, Juno, Neptune, Minerva, Mars, Venus, Apollo, Diana, Vulcan, Vesta, Mercury, Ceres.
In 205 BC, alarmed by unfavorable prodigies, the Romans were ordered to fetch the Great Mother of the gods from Pessinus in Phrygia; in the following year the image was brought to Rome, and a lectisternium held. In later times, the lectisternium became a constant or even daily occurrence, celebrated in the different temples. Occasionally the "Draping of Couches" was part of Roman Triumph celebrations. Aulus Hirtius reports that Julius Caesar was greeted with "draped dining couches" following his victory in Gaul, in anticipation of a forthcoming triumph. Such celebrations must be distinguished from those which were ordered, like the earlier lectisternia, by the Sibylline Books in special emergencies.
Offerings of food were made to the gods in very early Roman times on such occasions as the ceremony of "confarreatio", and the "epulum Jovis" (often confounded with the lectisternium). The lectisternia, however, are likely of Greek origin. The Greek "theoxenia" (Θεοξένια) is similar, except that the gods played the part of host. The gods associated with it were either previously unknown to Roman religion, though often concealed under Roman names, or were provided with a new cult. Thus Hercules was not worshipped as at the Ara Maxima, where, according to Servius and Cornelius Balbus a lectisternium was forbidden. The Sibylline Books, which decided whether a lectisternium was to be held or not, were of Greek origin; the custom of reclining at meals was Greek.
Some, however, assign an Etruscan origin to the ceremony, the Sibylline Books themselves being looked upon as old Italian "black books." It may be that as the lectisternia became an almost everyday occurrence in Rome, people forgot their foreign origin and the circumstances in which they were first introduced, and then the word "pulvinar" with its associations was transferred to times in which it had no existence.
In the Imperial era, chairs were substituted for couches in the case of goddesses, and the lectisternium in their case became a "sellisternium". This was in accordance with Roman custom, since in the earliest times all the members of a family sat at meals, and in later times at least the women and children. This is a point of distinction between the original practice at the lectisternium and the "epulum Jovis", the goddesses at the latter being provided with chairs, whereas in the lectisternium they reclined.
In Christian times the word was used for a feast in memory of the dead.

</doc>
<doc id="2893726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893726" title="Michael Dowse">
Michael Dowse

Michael Dowse (born April 19, 1973) is a Canadian film director.
Life and career.
Born in London, Ontario, to Irish parents, and raised in Calgary, Alberta, he was trained as a film editor. His first full-length movie, "FUBAR" was shot on a digital camera with a tiny budget, but was selected by the Sundance Film Festival and screened on the prestigious midnight slot, which had launched the revolutionary film "The Blair Witch Project". Though it failed to get picked up by any major American theatrical distributors, FUBAR subsequently became a cult hit in Canada. Following the success of "FUBAR", Dowse went on to direct the higher-budget British film "It's All Gone Pete Tong", the story of a deaf DJ in Ibiza. 
Dowse's next production, the 1980s retro comedy "Take Me Home Tonight", started shooting in Phoenix, Arizona on the week beginning 19 February 2007 and was released to theaters on March 4, 2011. 
He currently resides in Montreal with his wife and child.

</doc>
<doc id="2893737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893737" title="Elaine Miles">
Elaine Miles

Elaine Miles (born April 7, 1960 in Pendleton, Oregon) is an American actress best known for her role as Marilyn Whirlwind in the television series "Northern Exposure".
Biography.
Elaine Miles was born in Pendleton, Oregon, of Cayuse/Nez Perce ancestry, and lived to the age of three on the Umatilla Indian Reservation in eastern Oregon. Her family then moved to Renton, Washington, where her father was a Boeing machinist. She learned many of the traditional skills in her youth—storytelling, beading, pottery and weaving—and is a prize-winning traditional dancer.
Career.
Miles was offered the role of Marilyn Whirlwind when she was spotted in the waiting room at an audition. This came as a surprise as she had not come with any intent to audition—she was only there to give her mother, Armenia Miles, a ride. She had no previous acting experience. She gained respect in the American Indian community not only for portraying a Tlingit woman, but for her efforts to make sure the character was a culturally accurate representation. Miles was named Native American Woman of the Year in 1993, and America's Celebrity Indian of the Year in 1995.
In 1995, Miles was nominated for a Screen Actors Guild Award as part of the "Northern Exposure" cast in the category, Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series.
Since "Northern Exposure" she has done tours with her dancing and stand-up comedy, has emceed at numerous Pow-wows, and had roles in independent films such as "Smoke Signals", "Skins" and "The Business of Fancydancing". With fellow comedian Drew LaCapa (Apache), she has made an exercise video ("RezRobics") addressing diabetes rates among Native Americans. The video mixes pow wow dancing, martial arts and aerobics moves with nutritional advice. In contrast to the usual FBI warning, the creators encourage people to copy the video freely and distribute it among friends and relatives in Indian Country.

</doc>
<doc id="2893742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893742" title="Andrew E. K. Benham">
Andrew E. K. Benham

Andrew Ellicot Kennedy Benham (April 10, 1832 – August 11, 1905) was an American admiral. He was born in Staten Island, New York.
Family.
Benham was the son of Timothy Green Benham (10 Aug 1792 - 17 Jun 1860) and Juliet Lockman. He married Emma Hester Seaman (1833-1924), the daughter of Henry John Seaman (1805-1861) and Katherine Sarah (née Seaman) Seaman (1813-1896). They 
had three children: a daughter who died in infancy c1866; Henry Kennedy Benham (1867-1904) who died of appendicitis; and Edith Wallace Benham (1874-1962) who was at one time, the Social Secretary for the White House - at 4'll" and the "soul of tact" she served in total for 25 years - under Woodrow Wilson, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, and Harry Truman.
Early service with the United States Navy.
Benham was appointed a midshipman on November 24, 1847 and served in the East Indies Squadron on board the sloop-of-war "Plymouth" in 1847 and 1848 and on board the brig "Dolphin" in 1849 and 1850. In the latter warship, he participated in the capture of a pirate Chinese junk near Macau, China. During this action, he received a pike wound in the thigh. After another tour of duty in "Plymouth" followed by one in the frigate "Saranac", Benham attended the U.S. Naval Academy in 1852 and early 1853.
Paraguay Expedition.
On June 10, 1853, he was promoted to passed midshipman. From mid-1853 to early 1857, he served in the sloop of war "St. Mary’s" with the Pacific Squadron. On September 16, 1855, while still in "St. Mary's", Benham was commissioned a lieutenant. He next served a tour of duty with the U.S. Coast Survey late in 1857 and early in 1858. Later that year, he was transferred to the steamer "Western Port" (renamed "Wyandotte") assigned to the expedition sent to Paraguay to extract an apology for shooting at the gunboat "Water Witch". In 1860, he moved to the steamer "Crusader" in the Home Squadron.
American Civil War.
After the Civil War broke out, Lt. Benham served on board the steamer "Bienville" in the South Atlantic Blockading Squadron and, in her, took part in the capture of Port Royal, South Carolina, on November 7, 1861. On the date that rank was established, July 16, 1862, Benham was promoted to lieutenant commander. Following brief service in Sacramento, California, in 1863, he assumed command of the gunboat "Penobscot" and served in her through the end of the Civil War, patrolling the Texas coast as part of the West Gulf Blockading Squadron.
Post-Civil War.
Upon the return of peace, he served at the New York Navy Yard from 1866 to 1870, but for a stint of duty in "Susquehanna" in 1867. Following duty as a lighthouse inspector in 1870 and 1871, Benham commanded first "Canonicus" and then "Saugus", both on the North Atlantic Station and returned to lighthouse inspecting in 1874. After commanding "Richmond" on the Asiatic Station between 1878 and 1881, he went to the Portsmouth Navy Yard. The years 1885 and 1886 brought him his third tour of duty as lighthouse inspector. Following a tour of duty at League Island, Pennsylvania, in 1888, he became commandant of the Mare Island Navy Yard in 1889.
Brazilian Naval Revolt.
While there he became Rear Admiral Benham in February 1890 and continued at that post until June 1891. At the end of a year waiting for orders, he assumed command of the Brazil Squadron in June 1892. However, Rear Admiral Benham was soon transferred to command the North Atlantic Station, flying his flag in "San Francisco (Cruiser No. 1").
When Admirals Custodio de Mello and Saldanha da Gama launched their naval revolt in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, in late 1893, Rear Admiral Benham commanded the American naval units sent there to protect American citizens and interests. During the operation, USS "Detroit" skirmished with Brazilian ironclads in January 1894.
Retired from the Navy on April 10, 1894, Rear Admiral Benham died on August 11, 1905 at Lake Mahopac, New York.
Namesakes.
Three U.S. Navy ships have subsequently been named in his honor:

</doc>
<doc id="2893747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893747" title="J. Earl McEwen">
J. Earl McEwen

Joseph Earl McEwen (January 22, 1911 – November 6, 2004) was a politician in Ontario, Canada. He served in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1975 to 1985.
Early life.
McEwen was born at Sharbot Lake, and educated in Trenton.
Career.
McEwen was an active freemason. He owned a grocery store and decided to enter politics after the municipal government of Kingston Township denied him permission to salt the street in front of his business. He served as reeve of the community for sixteen years, and was warden of Frontenac County as well as president of the local Progressive Conservative association.
He ran for the Canadian House of Commons in the federal elections of 1963 and 1965, as a candidate of the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada in Kingston. He lost on both occasions to Liberal candidate Edgar John Benson.
McEwen first campaigned for the Ontario legislature in the 1971 provincial election. After losing the Progressive Conservative nomination in Frontenac—Addington to W.J. Nuttall, he entered the contest as an independent candidate and finished a credible third. McEwen subsequently joined the Ontario Liberal Party, and defeated Nuttall by 1,415 votes under his new party's banner in the 1975 election.
He was re-elected by 940 votes in the 1977 election, and by 340 votes in the 1977 election. He crossed the floor to join the Progressive Conservative Party in 1984, complaining that the Liberal Party was going nowhere under David Peterson's leadership. McEwen had been known in the Liberal caucus as a difficult figure, and rarely attended meetings. Some believe he wanted to ensure his own re-election by changing sides. The Progressive Conservatives had planned to nominate Sally Barnes, a prominent aide to Premier William Davis, to challenge him in the next election.
Despite languishing in the polls throughout 1984, the Liberals made significant gains in the 1985 provincial election and formed a minority government with outside support from the New Democratic Party. McEwen lost the Frontenac—Addington constituency to Liberal candidate Larry South by 2,387 votes.
Personal life.
McEwen died in 2004 at age 94, and the legislature paid tribute to him on December 14 of that year. He was predeceased by his wife and his son Robert and is survived by three granddaughters and seven great-grandchildren. Bob Runciman described him as a larger-than-life figure in the political culture of eastern Ontario. During his career as a politician, McEwen was known for touring his constituency in a two-door Lincoln, wearing a wide-brimmed hat and smoking a prominent cigar. He often complained that little real work was done in the assembly, and said that he preferred to spend time in his community.
Honors.
There is currently a J. Earl McEwen Fire Hall in Kingston, and another building was named in his honour in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="2893750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893750" title="Fellgate Metro station">
Fellgate Metro station

Fellgate Metro station serves the Fellgate area of Jarrow, in South Tyneside, England. It is on the Green line of the Tyne and Wear Metro, and opened in 2002 as part of the extension of the system to Sunderland. Before the Metro extension to Sunderland had been mooted, there were plans for a railway station here.
Mainline Heavy rail services provided by Northern Rail from Sunderland through Newcastle Central pass through the station hourly but do not stop, while there are also freight trains and empty Grand Central workings between Heaton depot and Sunderland.

</doc>
<doc id="2893756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893756" title="Paul Sabu">
Paul Sabu

Paul Sabu is an American singer, songwriter, producer, and guitarist.
Born January 2, 1960, he is the son of Indian-born film star Sabu and Marilyn Cooper.
Career.
Sabu is best known for his work with his band Only Child plus an arsenal of artists such as Lee Aaron, David Bowie, Little Caesar, Alice Cooper, Jesse Damon, Elvira, Fatal Smile, Madonna, Malice, Motels, The Nelsons, Robbie Neville, Prince, Silent Rage, Daniela Romo, Tattoo Rodeo, Teri Tims, Throne of Vengeance, Shania Twain, John Waite, and many more.
He is also well known for his music featured in movies and TV series soundtracks and has been credited with production/mixing on 14 Platinum and 11 Gold Records.

</doc>
<doc id="2893764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893764" title="List of Danny Phantom characters">
List of Danny Phantom characters

This is a list of cartoon characters from the Nickelodeon animated television series "Danny Phantom". The series centers around young Danny Fenton and his coming-of-age story as a half ghost superhero to the town of Amity Park. He gradually grows, bettering himself and his powers over the course of the story as he deals with ghosts, balancing his normal and heroic life, a community that does not initially trust him, and later, fame and praise from across the country.
His companions are his two best friends; Sam Manson, a Goth girl who is entranced by the ""weird and supernatural"". She serves as Danny's primary love interest. The other is Tucker Foley, a lighthearted ""techno-geek"". Danny often has to put up with his eccentric ghost hunting parents, Jack and Maddie Fenton and his smothering, doting, but compassionate older sister Jazz Fenton. His primary nemesis is Vlad Masters, a billionaire celebrity who also doubles as a half ghost.
Other recurring characters.
Mr. Lancer (Ron Perlman) is one of the teachers and the vice-principal and English teacher of Casper High. He is a strict teacher who often favors the popular kids. Though he tends to pick on Danny because of his average grades and his lackluster interest in his job, Lancer is a well-meaning man who tries to make sure all his students do their best. He has a humorous habit of shouting out book titles when he is surprised. He also constantly tries to be "cool" by saying some rather tired "hip phrases". In the first two seasons, he acts very antagonistic, but in the third season he acts very serious and caring. He also used to be a male cheerleader when he attended Casper High.
Dashiel ""Dash"" Baxter (S. Scott Bullock) is the most popular boy in Casper High School. A star football and basketball player, he often gets free leeway from the authorities at school due to his winning streak. However, Dash is an "idiot" who frequently picks on Danny. As an act of irony, his role model is Danny Phantom. He may be a reference to the Spider-Man character Flash Thompson. He makes a cameo in "The Fairly Oddparents" episode, "Fly Boy" (voiced by Jason Marsden).
Paulina (María Canals Barrera) is a rich Hispanic 15-year-old cheerleader and the most popular girl at Casper High School. She has big beautiful eyes and is considered rude and "not so bright" by Danny's friend, Samantha Manson. She has confidence and an often devious side. Paulina is madly in love with Danny Phantom after he saved her, but could not care less for his alter ego, who has a huge crush on her for the first half of the series.
Kwan (Dat Phan, later James Sie) is a football player and Dash's best friend. Though he is popular and bullies the lesser known students as much as Dash, Kwan is a bit more reluctant. He possibly only wanted popularity so that he can feel a sense of belonging.
Star (Grey DeLisle and Tara Strong) is another popular girl in Casper High. She serves as Paulina's ""satellite"", constantly orbiting around her. She is maliciously blunt. She and Valerie are good friends.
Mikey (Dee Bradley Baker) is a small nerd in Casper High who is often the victim of the popular boys
Nathan is another small nerd that is after Valerie
Jeremy (S. Scott Bullock) and Pamela Manson (Laraine Newman) are Sam's parents and the overall antithesis of their daughter, being a pair of super-optimistic socialites. They possess an enormous disdain of Sam's nonconformity and constantly tries to stir her away from it. The Mansons have a rivalry with the Fenton parents.
Damon Gray (Phil Morris) is Valerie's father and faithful employee of Axion Labs until he was briefly fired. He is a calm, patient man who adores his daughter, but once he finds out about it, does not approve of her ghost fighting job. His Wife is never seen or mentioned in the series.
Tiffany Snow (Tara Strong) is a reporter who remains cheery despite the often depressing news she delivers.
Lance Thunder (S. Scott Bullock) is a weatherman who has reported about Ghosts several times. He constantly fidgets over his hair, and when he thinks he is off the air, argues with the fact that he has the be the one to report.
Principal Ishiyama (June Angela) is the principal of Casper High. She has a little bit of humor and is a little serious.

</doc>
<doc id="2893765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893765" title="Nigel Barker (photographer)">
Nigel Barker (photographer)

Nigel Barker (born 27 April 1972) is an English reality TV show personality, photographer, author, spokesperson, filmmaker, and former model. He is best known for his participation as a judge and photographer on the reality show "America's Next Top Model", and is now the host of reality show "The Face".
Early life.
Nigel Barker was born in London. His father is of Irish and Portuguese descent; and his mother is of Sri Lankan descent. His mother, who was a former Miss Sri Lanka, played a significant role in forming his respect for the modeling profession as he grew up. Nigel Barker grew up in a family with five siblings from a total of three marriages, and lived there until the age of eighteen. Barker attended Bryanston School, a boarding school, where he took his A-levels in biology, chemistry, and physics.
Career.
He planned on continuing his studies in medicine, but Barker's mother entered him into a televised model search on "The Clothes Show". Barker wound up being a finalist on the show, which started his modeling career. He modeled for around 10 years in London, Milan, Paris and New York City. As a young model, he observed that the fashion industry was changing - that “models were shrinking and a 6’4” well-built male model was not selling”.
Being adaptable to change and loving the fashion industry, in 1996, he transitioned himself from model to fashion photographer.
Nigel opened his own photo studio, StudioNB, in the now-fashionable Meat Packing District in Manhattan. Barker's photo credits include "GQ", "Interview", "Lucky", "Tatler", "Cover", "Town & Country", "Seventeen", Nicole Miller, Ted Baker, Lands' End, Nine West, Lexus, Leviev, Jordache, Beefeater, Pamella Roland, Ford and Sony.
Barker was a judge for 17 cycles on Tyra Banks' reality show "America's Next Top Model". He was also an official judge for the Miss America Pageant in 2007 and Miss Universe Pageant in 2012. He also serves as executive producer for the VH1 photography-based reality contest, "The Shot". In February 2013 Barker became the host of The Face. After a successful first season with supermodels Karolina Kurkova and Coco Rocha by his side, the show is now going into its second season featuring supermodel coach Naomi Campbell, and supermodels Anne V, and Lydia Hearst.
Barker made a special appearance as a photographer on the third cycle of "Canada's Next Top Model", and in Episode 10 of the first cycle of "New Zealand's Next Top Model". Barker appeared as guest judge and photographer on the first cycle of "Mexico's Next Top Model". He also made a guest appearance on the second cycle of "Benelux' Next Top Model".
His directorial debut was a highly acclaimed documentary that he also produced called, "A Sealed Fate?" - followed by, "Generation Free" and "", which partner with respective charities: The Humane Society of the United States, the Elizabeth Glaser Pediatric AIDS Foundation and the Edeyo Foundation, to highlight some of our world’s most pressing issues. Additionally, Barker is a celebrity ambassador for the Make-A-Wish Foundation, Do Something, The United Nation Foundation's Girl Up initiative and campaign shooter for Fashion Targets Breast Cancer.
Barker holds spokesperson positions for prominent brands including, Microsoft, Sony, Crest White Strips and Nine West. Nigel appears alongside Justin Timberlake and Peyton Manning in Sony's 2010 national ad campaign. In addition, he has lent his personality to television and feature film cameos, event hosting and presenting. Nigel appeared as a celebrity judge for the 2008 Miss America Pageant and had cameo roles on several TV series including, The Young & The Restless, Privileged, Stylista, Style Her Famous and Ugly Betty, as well as a cameo role in the feature film "Arthur" (2011), with Jennifer Garner, Russell Brand, Nick Nolte and Helen Mirren. And, he has hosted and presented for many events including 2007, 2008 and 2010 Emmy awards on FFox Broadcasting Company, the 2008 and 2009 Go Green galas in New York City, the Genesis Awards and the 2010 Global Fashion Awards.
Barker published a book on beauty, "Nigel Barker's Beauty Equation: Revealing a Better and More Beautiful You", released September 2010, from Abrams Image. The book guides the reader through a series of self-portrait and journaling challenges, which help the reader to discover their inner beauty by building confidence and self-esteem and in turn, enhance their outer beauty.
In January 2009, Barker opened a photography exhibit, Haiti: Hunger and Hope, at the Milk Gallery in New York City. His work in Haiti earned him a Do Something with Style Award nomination from the VH1 Do Something Awards. The awards show, produced by Vh1, is dedicated to honoring people who do good and is powered by Do Something, an organization that aims to empower, celebrate, and inspire young people.
Barker teamed up with Taylor Swift to shoot a photobook of the young superstar titled "8 hours" which made its debut in November 2012. In September 2013 Barker shot Nadia Lacka, Liliane Ferrarezi, Jordan & Zac Stenmark in 'Bedtime Stories' featured in the September issue of Numero Russia.
Personal life.
Barker is married to Cristen Chin, a model and CoverGirl representative since 1999. The pair met in Milan through Cristen's agent; and for Barker, it was love at first sight. "That night," Barker explains, "I called my mom and said, 'I've met this girl, and I'm gonna marry her.' The ground moved. As beautiful as she is on the outside, she's also got an incredible heart." 

</doc>
<doc id="2893773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893773" title="Dustin Kensrue">
Dustin Kensrue

Dustin Michael Kensrue (pronounced KENZ-roo) (born November 18, 1980) is a vocalist, lyricist, and rhythm guitarist in the Orange County, California post-hardcore/experimental rock quartet Thrice, as well as a solo artist.
He has a tattoo on his left wrist which is a passage from the Bible written in Hebrew. Many of his lyrics are also Biblically based, an example being the pre-chorus in Vheissu's song, "For Miles" ("There is no greater love, than that one shed his blood for his friends"). This example of lyrics are spread throughout his works, both in Thrice and on his solo works.
Dustin designed the album artwork for all parts of "The Alchemy Index" - Thrice's fifth studio recording.
Dustin also added vocals in the song "The Contender" on the album "Pierce the Empire With a Sound" by experimental act The Out Circuit.
Dustin has been working on a new project called The Modern Post and released the "Grace Alone" EP in 2012
Solo project.
Ursus Veritas was the former alias for Dustin Kensrue's solo side project. The name was a play on words from Latin: "ursus" meaning bear, and "veritas" meaning truth, combining to mean "(to) bear truth". Kensrue has always expressed an interest in discovering truth, and has also said he likes bears, which lead to the play on words. However, at some point he decided to drop the name in favor of simplicity since "people have enough trouble just pronouncing last name to begin with."
On January 23, 2007, Kensrue released a solo album titled "Please Come Home" on Equal Vision Records. He wrapped up the recording and mixing of the album at the home of fellow Thrice member Teppei Teranishi. The album opened at 142 on the "Billboard" 200 with 5,800 copies sold the first week. He supported the album with a solo tour including stops on the Late Show with David Letterman, The Tonight Show with Jay Leno and The Fuse Network. "Please Come Home" met with mostly favorable reviews from critics, who have compared Kensrue's versatility in his vocals to singer/songwriter Ryan Adams and Johnny Cash.
Dustin Kensrue intends to donate 5% of the proceeds from "Please Come Home" to a non-profit organization called To Write Love on Her Arms. In the press release, Kensrue explained the choice:
"To Write Love on Her Arms is a nonprofit movement dedicated to presenting hope and finding help for those struggling with clinical depression, addiction, self-injury and suicide. To Write Love on Her Arms began in March 2006 as a written story and an attempt to raise money for one girl's treatment. T-shirts were printed and a MySpace page was created to serve as home base for the story. Excitement spread quickly throughout MySpace and the independent music community. For 2007, TWLOHA is aiming to raise $100k for treatment and recovery. This comes in addition to online counseling and continued efforts to creatively present hope and raise awareness.
TWLOHA is a fitting choice for Please Come Home. The album lyrically exudes redemption, personal worth, love, acceptance, and hope. “I try to be an artist who aspires to find hope even in dark places: If I’m down, I don’t want to bring people down to that place with me. I’m looking for a way out," says Kensrue.
On October 14, 2008, Dustin said this on the official Thrice website - "I just finished my Christmas record. I haven’t really mentioned it because (a). I’ve been spending all my time working on it, and (b). I wasn’t totally sure I would finish it in time to come out this year. But, last night I finished it up and Teppei is finishing the mixes tonight. It’s going to be an online release only and will hopefully be out in mid-November sometime. The title is “This Good Night Is Still Everywhere” and it contains 8 covers and 2 Christmas originals. I love Christmas music so it was a lot of fun to do this and I’m glad I get to share it with you guys."
Personal life.
His younger brother, Chase Kensrue, played guitar and piano for the band Eye Alaska.
In 2012, Mars Hill Church announced that Kensrue would become the worship leader for the campus located in Bellevue, Washington where he currently lives with his wife and three daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="2893776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893776" title="Bristol Aerodrome">
Bristol Aerodrome

Bristol Aerodrome , is a small private airfield located adjacent to Bristol, New Brunswick, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2893785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893785" title="Society Party (Norway)">
Society Party (Norway)

The Society Party (Norwegian: "Samfunnspartiet") is a self-proclaimed anarchist political party in Norway. The party was founded by Øystein Meier Johannesen in 1985. 
Its focus is on Northern Norway-related issues. The party also sympathizes with the Palestinians in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. If Norway joins the European Union, the Society Party states that it will work for North-Norwegian secession from Norway.
The party has been involved in several controversies. In 2005, Meier Johannesen placed a van which in Arabic proclaimed "God is great! Jihad continues until the Jews are out of Palestine. Dust you are and to dust you will return" outside of national broadcasting company NRK's facilities, and was sentenced to 30 days in jail for the stunt. The party has also been listing famous people, including comedian Otto Jespersen and bishop Øystein I. Larsen, for local and national election against their will. Defense attorney Tor Erling Staff however, is a member of the party and has run for election for it several times. In the 2009 parliamentary elections the party obtained 140 votes.

</doc>
<doc id="2893789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893789" title="Huntersville, West Virginia">
Huntersville, West Virginia

Huntersville is a census-designated place (CDP) located in Pocahontas County, West Virginia in the Alleghany Mountains. As of the 2010 census, its population was 73. It is located six miles east of Marlinton and four miles west of Minnehaha Springs. Huntersville received its name because it was a rendezvous for trappers and hunters who came to trade pelts for supplies. It served as the county seat of Pocahontas County until 1891 when the county's residents voted to move the seat to Marlinton. A local newspaper called "The Pocahontas Times" is distributed in the area.
Huntersville has many sportsman opportunities. Because of its proximity to Knapps Creek flowing nearby, fishermen can catch trout, bass, sun perch, and other fish. Native brook trout streams are also tucked away in quiet places close to the town. Hunting is a big tradition that still lives on in this community because of the vast stretches of Monongahela National Forest that borders the town.
The Huntersville Presbyterian Church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="2893799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893799" title="Mahpiya Ska">
Mahpiya Ska

Mahpiya Ska (Sioux language) or White Cloud is an albino female buffalo residing at the National Buffalo Museum and Cultural Center located in Jamestown, North Dakota. She is currently on loan to the museum and the project caring for her is funded by the City of Jamestown North Dakota for approximately $10,000 per year. She has been certified a true Albino American Bison.
White Cloud, like most albino buffalo, is almost totally deaf and has limited vision and joined the herd located at the museum in 1997. She has already given birth to several calves, although none of them are pure white. Native Americans from all over America perform sacred pilgrimages to visit her. She is allowed to roam freely within a several hundred acre expanse of the museum grounds.
The fence outside of her compound in Jamestown is tied with hundreds of prayer and ribbon bundles from Native Americans who travel thousands of miles to offer prayers and receive blessings.
According to "Buffalo Tales", the newsletter of the North Dakota Buffalo Foundation and the National Buffalo Museum, White Cloud had a white calf on August 31, 2007. According to the newsletter and the museum's website this was White Cloud's first white calf. Museum officials determined that the calf is a male, but it would not be named until January 2008. The museum is solicited suggestions from the public for a name for the calf until November 30, 2007. Finally, the name Dakota Miracle was decided on. While Dakota Miracle is white, he is not albino like his mother.
White Cloud was born on July 10, 1996 on the Shirek Buffalo Farm in Michigan, North Dakota. She was DNA tested for albino genes and cattle genes before she went to the National Buffalo Museum in Jamestown, North Dakota in May 1997. The results of those tests indicate that she is pure albino and also pure bison (commonly known as buffalo.) It is not known for sure whether or not White Cloud's white calf is also a true albino. The white calf was produced when White Cloud mated with her first male calf, a normally brown-colored bison.

</doc>
<doc id="2893803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893803" title="Orenda Engines">
Orenda Engines

Orenda Engines was a Canadian aircraft engine manufacturer and parts supplier. As part of the earlier Avro Canada conglomerate, which became Hawker Siddeley Canada, they produced a number of military jet engines from the 1950s through the 1970s, and were Canada's primary engine supplier and repair company.
History.
Origins.
The origins of the company stem back to the Second World War. During the war, the National Research Council of Canada ran a small aerodynamics effort similar to NACA in the US or Royal Aircraft Establishment in the UK. In 1942 they sent two of their researchers to the UK to take a survey of their efforts and report back on what fields of study the Canadians should focus on in order to avoid duplication.
One of the many topics mentioned was Frank Whittle's efforts to build the first working jet engine. At the same time the fledgling RCAF was concerned about their dependence on the US and UK for their aircraft engines. Both the RCAF and NRC felt the jet engine offered a way for Canada to quickly catch up in engine technology via this newly evolving field. Another report was started to make an exhaustive study of the jet engine efforts in the UK, and to try to find roles where Canada could aid the UK efforts as soon as possible.
Over the next year a number of members of the NRC's aerodynamics lab traveled to the UK, and in May 1943 they published their findings in the top secret "Report on Development of Jet Propulsion in the United Kingdom", widely known as the Banks Report. Among their recommendations was the suggestion to form a cold weather testing centre, as up to then jet engines had not been tested in that environment. Another suggestion was to form their own engine company as soon as possible.
Turbo Research.
Following the advice of the Report, in March 1944 the government formed Turbo Research as a crown corporation. The company was formally incorporated on 1 July 1944 in Leaside, now a part of downtown Toronto. Several members of the NRC teams that had traveled to the UK during the Report moved to the new company, including K.F. Tupper as chief engineer, Paul Dilworth as chief designer and Winnett Boyd, initially as the combustion engineer, but later as the chief designer.
The team initially studied a series of designs based on the basic Whittle centrifugal-flow design, starting with the TR.1 and growing through the TR.2 to the largest, the TR.3. None of these designs progressed past initial studies however, as the team turned their attention to a new axial-flow design, the TR.4, and later known as the Chinook.
Avro Canada.
At about this time, the former Victory Aircraft plants in Malton were being converted into the new A.V. Roe Canada (Avro Canada) plants. In the spring of 1946 the government decided to turn all engine development over to private industry, and sold Turbo Research to Avro. Paul Dillworth remained as chief engineer of the newly christened Gas Turbine Division, which was moved to Avro's plant just outside what is today Toronto Pearson International Airport.
Work on the TR.4, the first Canadian-designed jet engine, continued. Now called the Chinook, it first ran on March 1948, producing thrust. Only three were built before all attention moved to the Orenda.
Orenda turbojet.
Work on the TR.4 continued through this period, but in the summer of 1946, Avro Canada asked them to produce a new 6,500 lbf (28.9 kN) engine for their CF-100 Canuck interceptor design. The resulting TR.5 Orenda design was essentially a scaled-up Chinook, with work continuing on the latter to bring the production and test teams up to speed.
The Orenda's design was similar enough to the Chinook that prototype production was completed in less than a year, and the engine first ran in February 1949. Testing proceeded quickly at a facility outside Nobel, Ontario, formerly a munitions factory owned by C-I-L. Between the first run in February and the start of production in the late fall, the prototypes ran over 1,000 hours, a record for the era. When it entered production it was the most powerful engine in the world, a title it held until 1952. Almost 4,000 Orenda engines of various versions were built by the time the final unit was delivered to the RCAF in July 1958.
The Orenda entered production for the CF-100, which were used in Canada and the Belgian Air Force. Later versions of the Canadair Sabre also used the Orenda in place of their General Electric J47's, providing a dramatic boost in performance, holding the crown for F-86 performance for some time. The Canadair Sabre became a popular export item as well, with versions being sold to the West German, South African, Colombian and Pakistani Air Forces. For some time the USAF considered producing their own Orenda-powered version, the F-86J, although these plans were later dropped when they turned their attention to more powerful supersonic designs. Jacqueline Cochran broke the sound barrier in a borrowed example, and Boeing used a Canadair Sabre as a chase plane from 1962 through the early 1980s during development of all Boeing airliners from the 727 onward.
Orenda Iroquois.
In 1953, Avro Canada once again turned to Orenda to produce an engine for the CF-105 Arrow project. Avro had originally intended to use one of three different engines from the UK (one produced under license in the US), but all of these projects ran into delays. Orenda quickly responded with the PS.13 Iroquois design. Once again Orenda was able to prototype the new engine in a short period of time, starting development in 1953, completing it in May 1954 and building and running the prototype by December 1954. During the testing period, the Iroquois was the most powerful jet engine in the world, rated at 19,250 lbf (85.6 kN) dry, 25,000 lbf (111 kN) afterburning. It was aerodynamically matched for peak performance at 50,000 feet (15,200 m) altitude and Mach 2 speed. After some 7,000 hours of development testing, up to a simulated altitude of 70,000 feet (21,300 m) and a forward speed of Mach 2.3, the Iroquois program was cancelled, along with the Arrow on 20 February 1959.
Orenda Engines.
In 1955, another reorganization led to the creation of Orenda Engines. Avro Canada would later disappear due to the cancellation of the Arrow, but Orenda had a major engine overhaul business that allowed them to survive.
In late summer 1959, the RCAF selected the Lockheed F-104 Starfighter as their new day fighter, to be built by Canadair. Orenda was given the contract to build its engines, the Canadian government having already obtained a production licence for the General Electric J79. The first engine was completed in December 1960, just 14 months after the first drawings were received. Orenda built J79 engines for the RCAF and for the U.S. Mutual Aid program. Some of the 478 engines delivered by Orenda are still in service with the Turkish Air Force.
In early 1962, Orenda also won the production contract for the General Electric J85, for use in the Canadair CL-41 Tutor trainer. The first engine, known as the J85-CAN-40, was delivered in September 1963, the last in October 1965. Production of a derivative engine, the afterburning J85-CAN-15, began in 1967 when Canadair was licensed to produce the CF-5 aircraft, a version of the Northrop F-5, for the RCAF. Between June 1967 and May 1974, 609 engines were produced for the Canadian, Netherlands and Venezuelan Air Forces.
Orenda also started manufacturing industrial gas turbine packages. Some 150 units were sold for gas compression, oil pumping, electric generation and other applications with installations in Canada, United States, Venezuela, New Zealand, China, England and UAE. Most of these units are still operational, with many of the heavy-duty units exceeding 150,000 operating hours.
Orenda Aerospace.
Magellan Aerospace was formed in the 1980s, primarily from the assets of the Canadian operations of Fleet Aerospace, Fleet Industries. Over the next few years they aggressively expanded by purchasing a number of Canadian aerospace companies, including Orenda, which they renamed as Orenda Aerospace, now Magellan Repair, Overhaul & Industrial. In addition to producing complete gas turbine engines, the precision manufacture of critical rotating and stationary engine components for leading Original equipment manufacturers since the 1970s, including General Electric, Pratt & Whitney and Rolls-Royce. Repair and overhaul remains a major business as well.
Orenda Aerospace attempted to bring the Orenda OE600, a new 600 hp general aviation engine, to market in the 1990s. Timing proved poor, and in the post-9/11 market the company put the OE600 "on hold" in 2005 while they concentrated on military contracts. Within a couple of years, TRACE Engines of Texas had purchased all rights to the Orenda design.

</doc>
<doc id="2893811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893811" title="National Longitudinal Surveys">
National Longitudinal Surveys

The National Longitudinal Surveys (NLS) are a set of surveys conducted by the US Department of Labor's Bureau of Labor Statistics, designed to gather information at multiple points in time on significant life events of several population samples of US citizens, especially their labor market activities.
Surveys.
The National Longitudinal Survey of Youth 1997 (NLSY97) is a survey of young men and women born in the years 1980-84. The NLSY97 consists of a nationally representative sample of approximately 9,000 youths who were 12 to 16 years old as of December 31, 1996. Round 1 of the survey took place in 1997. In that round, both the eligible youth and one of that youth's parents received hour-long personal interviews. Youths continue to be interviewed on an annual basis.In spring of 2000, high school transcripts were collected for NLSY97 born in 1980 and 1981 who provided written permission to contact their schools. A second phase of collecting the remaining high school transcripts began in 2004. 
The National Longitudinal Survey of Youth 1979 (NLSY79) is a survey of men and women born in the years 1957-64. The NLSY79 is a nationally representative sample of 12,686 young men and women who were 14–22 years old when they were first surveyed in 1979. These individuals were interviewed annually through 1994 and are currently interviewed on a biennial basis. 
The NLSY79 Children and Young Adults is a survey of the biological children of women in the NLSY79. In addition to all the mother's information from the NLSY79, the child survey includes assessments of each child as well as additional demographic and development information collected from either the mother or child.
The National Longitudinal Surveys of Young Women and Mature Women (NLSW) comprises two separate surveys. The Young Women's survey includes women who were ages 14–24 when first interviewed in 1968. The Mature Women's survey includes women who were ages 30–44 when first interviewed in 1967. These surveys were discontinued in 2003. 
The National Longitudinal Surveys of Young Men and Older Men comprises two separate surveys. The Young Men's survey, which was discontinued in 1981, includes men who were ages 14–24 when first interviewed in 1966. The Older Men's survey, which was discontinued in 1990, includes men who were ages 45–59 when first interviewed in 1966.
Accessing the Surveys.
The publicly accessible data can be downloaded using the NLS Investigator. Application is necessary to access the geocode and school surveys data.
The NLS data has been an important tool since the 1970s for economists, sociologists, and other researchers.

</doc>
<doc id="2893823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893823" title="Sango Fighter">
Sango Fighter

Sango Fighter (武將爭霸) is a fighting game for DOS made by the Taiwanese Panda Entertainment and released in 1993. Set in the Three Kingdoms period of Chinese history, it is very similar to "Street Fighter" and Samurai Shodown, but with historical context.
Shareware developer and publisher Apogee Software was planning on licensing and releasing the game in the United States under the title "Violent Vengeance", but the plans for the deal fell through. Instead, the game was distributed in English under its original title by a Taiwanese company named Ascend, albeit without official permission from Panda Entertainment.
Sango Fighter drew much attention of PC gamers when was released, offering the first fighting game with great graphics for that time and became the definitive fighting game for DOS.
In 1995, Taiwan's fledgling 16-bit Super A'can game console saw release of a cartridge version of Sango Fighter, completely programmed inhouse by a single employee of Panda Entertainment. Being a rushed port from the PC version, the A'can adaptation suffered from awkward gameplay and quite a few glitches.
Sango Fighter was also released for the Japanese PC-98 computer, in 1995. For this release, a portion of the game's story text was translated into Japanese. It was otherwise identical to the original DOS version, upon which its code was based. This adaptation was produced by Great Co., Ltd., and released by Imagineer.
The game was illegally ported to the Sega Master System console, with the name "Sangokushi", and released only in South Korea. This port is one of the larger games in the console library, with 8 megabits of data size.
A sequel was released in 1995, "Sango Fighter 2", with more characters and more detailed graphics. Sango Fighter 2 also featured a conquest mode in which the player attempted to unify the empire by invading other nations. In addition, the kingdom of Wu was added to the game.
There may have also been a planned, but unfinished 3D sequel by Panda Entertainment. However, the former owner of Panda's intellectual properties stated that no records of any such title exist.
"Sango" is a rough romanization of Three Kingdoms. Using pinyin, it would be romanized as "san guo".
While Sango Fighter was quite popular in Taiwan, a lawsuit by C&E Inc. (producers of the PC fighting game Super Fighter) stopped Panda Entertainment from distributing the game, let alone adapting it to other machines. Thus the game was never able to reach its full market potential.
Characters.
The following is a list of the playable characters from "Sango Fighter".
The following additional characters are available in "Sango Fighter 2".
Cao Cao is not a playable character in "Sango Fighter 2", but he retains a role as a character within the story. Liu Bei, Sun Quan, Sima Yi, Zhuge Liang and Zhou Yu also serve as story characters.
It is also interesting to note that, even though Sun Ce served as leader of the kingdom of Wu historically before his death, in Sango Fighter 2, he is made a subordinate of his younger brother.
Super Fighter Team.
On February 24, 2009, the full legal rights to both Sango Fighter and its sequel were acquired by the North American company Super Fighter Team. Following this, on June 18, 2009, both Chinese and English language editions of the game were released as a free download on the Official "Sango Fighter" Website. An updated version of the game was released, also as freeware, on February 15, 2011. It featured several significant changes and additions.
On November 6, 2013, Sango Fighter 2 was released as a free download on the Official "Sango Fighter 2" Website. In addition to being translated into English, the updated game also features several new additions and enhancements.

</doc>
<doc id="2893848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893848" title="Diple">
Diple

Diple, dvojnice, or dvojanke (pluralia tantum; pronounced , and ) are a traditional woodwind musical instrument in Croatian, Montenegrin and Serbian music.
The flute.
The diple may be found as a fipple flute or as a reedpipe, but in either case is distinctive in that it incorporates two bores within one body, and thus creates two notes simultaneously. Generally, the left hand fingers a group of holes on the left side of the body, and the right on its side.
Croatian bagpipes without drone.
Bagpipes They all have double reeded chanter. and have different names throughout Croatia and Herzegovina. In Istria: mih with and mišnjice without goat skin, and šurle with or without goat skin, in Lika, along the Dalmatia: diple with and without goat skin, Dalmatian islands: mih, meh, mjeh and in Herzegovina diple with goat skin. The "mih" consists of a tanned goat skin, blowpipe ("dulac" or "kanela") through which the air is blown, and a (double chanter) on which the melody and harmony are played simultaneously. The chanter incorporates two single reeds, one in each bore.
Unlike the majority of European bagpipes, the "mih" has no drone ("trubanj"), instead playing both a melody and harmony part on the chanter. Though their general form is similar, "mih" in different parts of Croatia vary in chanter tunings, ornamentation, and other small factors. The "mih" is an untempered instrument, and its specific intonation varies by region.

</doc>
<doc id="2893875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893875" title="Stuart Robson">
Stuart Robson

Stuart Robson (March 4, 1836 – April 29, 1903) was a famous comedic stage actor.
Early life.
He was born Henry Robson Stuart in Annapolis, Maryland, USA. His parents were Charles Stuart and the former Alicia Ann Thompson.
Career.
He appeared in many theatrical productions from the 1860s to the early 1900s in New York City, Boston, and London. He was best known for his long collaboration with William Henry Crane, which lasted over ten years. They appeared together in "Our Bachelors", "Sharps and Flats", "The Henrietta", "The Merry Wives of Windsor", and "She Stoops to Conquer". They were perhaps most popular as the two Dromios in "The Comedy of Errors".
Robson was an eccentric comedian who had a curious voice that was often described as the "Robson Squeek". His first marriage was to Margaret Eleanor Johnson in about 1858. They had a daughter, Alicia Virginia Robson. Margaret died in 1890. Robson married Mary Dougherty, an actress who went by the stage name of May Waldron, in 1891. They had a son, Stuart Robson, Jr., who also acted briefly on the stage in New York and subsequently ran a magic shop there for many years.
Later Years.
Stuart Robson lived for many years in Cohasset, Massachusetts. He died in New York City in 1903, and was buried in Cohasset. His wife continued to appear on the stage under the name May Robson until her death in 1924. She should not be confused with the actress of the same name, May Robson, who appeared in many films in the 1930s.

</doc>
<doc id="2893879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893879" title="Darimani">
Darimani

Na Darimani (Kukra Adjei), was a Ya-Na of Dagbon, located in the northern part of modern day Ghana. He was said to have ruled Dagbon for only seven weeks in 1899 but occupies a very important aspect of the Dagbon chieftaincy conflict.
Before Na Andani died in 1899, he had advised his children that Na Allassani of Karaga, who was the first son of Na Abudu, should be made the next Ya-Na, and that Na Andani's eldest son, Tugulan Yiri should then move to Karaga. But when he died, his eldest son Tugulan Yiri refused this and went to Savelugu and brought Dahamani (Darimani Kukra Adjei) to be the next Ya-Na. He said he did not want Karaga, he wanted Savelugu (Staniland 1974, Mahama 1987 and Anamzoya 2004). If there is a claim that there had been a system of rotation, this was not respected in this regard. Hence, the elders, whatever method they used either through soothsaying or by dancing to the personal whims of Tugu Lana Yiri (Tuguna Yiri), made Kukaridjei (the chief of Savelugu) the Ya Na. Tamakloe (1931:43) sympathizes with the elders of Dagbon when he said that “the elders reluctantly did what was asked of them.” In any case Allassani did not accept the choice of the kingmakers and what happened later was rather conflicting. Na Allassani who was refused the Namship would not allow that. He went to Sansan Mangu and invited the Germans who came and crushed the Andanis, chased away Darimani after he had spent seven weeks in the Gbewaa Palace and gave the flag to Allassani (i.e. enstalled him as Ya-Na).
The Palace that Na Allassani was to occupy after the Germans sacked the Andani king (i.e. Darimani) was burnt down by the Andanis to stop Na Allassani from occupying it. Their argument was that it was their grandfather, Na Andani who built it and that the Abudus should also build a palace for their Ya Na. Na Alassani then went about hundred metres away and built The Gbewaa Palace which was used by all subsequent Ya Nas until it was burnt down in the 2002 conflict. In fact, where the temporal palace is being constructed is on the ruins of that old palace the Andanis burnt in 1899.
What is important about the brief Namship of Darimani was that it breached the principle of rotation, that is if it existed, it sowed the seeds of deep mistrust, and it led to the very first major encounter between the Abudu Gate and the Andani Gate.. 
Sources.
___ (2008). "Politicization, Elite Manipulation or Instituitonal Weaknesses? The Search for Alternative Explanations to the Dagbon Chieftaincy Disputes in Northern Ghana," in Research Review NS 24 1 1-25.

</doc>
<doc id="2893880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893880" title="Brockway Airport">
Brockway Airport

Brockway Airport , is a small government airfield located northeast of Brockway, New Brunswick, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2893886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893886" title="Port Arthur massacre (China)">
Port Arthur massacre (China)

The Port Arthur massacre occurred during the First Sino-Japanese War from 21 November 1894 for two or three days, when advanced elements of the First Division of the Japanese Second Army under command of General Yamaji Motoharu (1841–1897) killed somewhere between 1,000 to 20,000 Chinese servicemen and civilians, leaving only 36 to bury bodies, in the Chinese coastal city of Port Arthur (now Lüshunkou). The higher estimates are suspect, however, since a contemporary account of the war estimated Port Arthur's total population at 6,000 (13,000 including garrison troops). Later accounts estimate that 18,000 from each side engaged in the conflict with Chinese dead numbering 1,500.
Background.
As part of its wartime strategy during the First Sino-Japanese War, Japan had advanced through Korea, engaging Chinese troops at Asan near Seoul and then Pyongyang in September 1894, winning decisive victories on both occasions. Following the victory at Pyongyang the Japanese Second Army under Marshal Oyama Iwao (1842-1916) moved northward towards Manchuria, the plan being to seize Port Arthur, headquarters to China's Beiyang Fleet and a highly fortified city that dominated the sea passage from Korea to northeast China. In September the Japanese navy heavily damaged the Beiyang Fleet at the Battle of the Yalu River, though the Chinese troopships were successful in landing their troops not far from the Sino-Korean border. With the Beiyang Fleet eliminated, the Japanese navy began a siege of Port Arthur while the Japanese Second Army advanced on the city through Manchuria and the Japanese First Army crossed the Yalu River to form another advance by land. After a series of battles on the Liaodong Peninsula the First Division of the Second Army led by General Yamaji drew up around Port Arthur in late November. On November 18, 1894 the Japanese movement down the peninsula was temporarily frustrated and returned to find that their abandoned wounded troops were horribly mutilated with hands and feet cut off. Others had been burned alive. The city was evacuated with residents fleeing westward by land or sea into China. The Chinese had mutilated several Japanese bodies and displayed them at the entrance of the city, infuriating the Japanese. After only token resistance the city fell to Japanese troops late on the morning of November 21. What followed was a massacre of the remaining inhabitants of Port Arthur by the Japanese troops, though the scale and nature of the killing continues to be debated.
Western press coverage.
The string of Japanese victories at Pyongyang and then at the Battle of the Yalu River had warmed up what had until then been only lukewarm Western interest in the war. By the time of the assault on Port Arthur, a number of western reporters were attached to the Japanese Second Army. Western reporting on the massacre was controversial. Most correspondents such as the American James Creelman, writing for "The New York World", and Frederic Villiers, a writer and illustrator for the "London Black and White", described a wide scale and cold-blooded massacre. While Amédée Baillot de Guerville alleged in the pages of the "New York Herald" that no such massacre had occurred, Writing a decade later, de Guerville amended this view, admitting that though some 120 civilians were killed it still had not been a massacre.

</doc>
<doc id="2893895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893895" title="Fake Tales of San Francisco">
Fake Tales of San Francisco

"Fake Tales of San Francisco" is a song by English indie rock band Arctic Monkeys originally released on the band's first EP "Five Minutes with Arctic Monkeys" in May 2005. After being featured on the band's debut album "Whatever People Say I Am, That's What I'm Not", the song was released as a radio only single in the United States instead of "Leave Before the Lights Come On", which was released there at the end of October. The song was also released in the Netherlands, where it reached number 31 on the Dutch Singles Chart. The song was popular on alternative rock radio in the U.S. in late 2006, but ultimately did not chart on the "Billboard" Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart.
The song has been one of the band's signature tracks, with its popularity as the band's first recorded track. The song derides a fictional South Yorkshire band for taking its inspiration from the USA while never having been there, with lyrics such as ""I'd love to tell you all my problem / You're not from New York City, you're from Rotherham"", and ""He talks of San Francisco, he's from Hunter's Bar"." The song's title, however, has made it a fan favorite in the United States.
Music video.
The music video for the song is the same as when it was previously released on "Five Minutes with Arctic Monkeys". Directed by a friend of the band, Mark Bull, the video features a compilation of footage of some of the band's earliest performances at various gigs and was given airplay in the UK on MTV2 in 2005. Although he has now left the band, the video includes several shots of former bassist Andy Nicholson.

</doc>
<doc id="2893896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893896" title="Peace Politics People's Party">
Peace Politics People's Party

The Peace Politics People's Party (, FF) was a pacifist, liberal political party in Denmark.
History.
The party was founded on 16 December 1963 by a group of pacifists who opposed Danish membership of NATO. In March 1964 a Socialist People's Party MP left to join the FF, giving it parliamentary representation. In the 1964 general elections the party received just 0.4% of the vote, failing to win a seat.
The party was disbanded in the end of the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="2893900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893900" title="List of trademark case law">
List of trademark case law

This list contains an alphabetical listing of historically significant or leading case law in the area of trademark law.

</doc>
<doc id="2893905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893905" title="Air-Sea Battle">
Air-Sea Battle

Air-Sea Battle is a game developed by Atari, Inc. for the Atari 2600, and was one of the nine original launch titles for that system when it was released in September 1977. It was also released by Sears as Target Fun and was the pack-in game with the original Sears Tele-Games version of the Atari 2600.
Gameplay.
There are six basic types of game available in "Air-Sea Battle", and for each type, there are one or two groups of three games, for a total of twenty-seven game variants. Within each group, variant one is the standard game, variant two features guided missiles which can be directed left or right after being fired, and variant three pits a single player (using the right gun) against a computer opponent, which simply fires continuously at the default angle or speed. In every game, players shoot targets (enemy planes or ships, shooting gallery targets, or each other, depending on the game chosen) competing to get a higher score. Each round lasts two minutes and sixteen seconds; the player with the higher score after time expires is the winner, unless one player wins (and ends the game) by reaching 99 points before the time is up.
Anti-aircraft games.
Variants 1-6 are anti-aircraft games, in which the player uses a stationary anti-aircraft gun that can be positioned at a 30, 60, or 90-degree angle to shoot down four different types of aircraft. The planes typically appear in groups of three to five, and once every plane in a formation has been destroyed, a new formation appears. There are two groups of anti-aircraft games: in variants 1-3, each target hit is worth 1 point, while in 4-6, the various types of aircraft have different point values. Additionally, zero-point blimps are added as obstacles in games 4-6.
Torpedo games.
The torpedo games (7-12) are similar to the anti-aircraft games, except that each player mans a submarine that can move left and right and fires at a 90 degree angle. The targets are ships instead of planes. As with the anti-aircraft games, in games 7-9, all targets are worth one point, while games 10-12 have variable point values for targets and additional zero-point obstacles.
Shooting gallery games.
The shooting gallery games (13-15) differ from the previous variants in that the player can both set the angle of the gun and move the gun left and right. Instead of planes or ships, clowns, ducks, and rabbits are the targets, with point values of 1, 2, and 3 respectively.
Polaris games.
The polaris games (16-18) put the player in control of a boat which moves back and forth across the bottom of the screen automatically. Instead of controlling the gun angle, the player controls the speed at which the ship moves, attempting to shoot the same fleets of planes as in the anti-aircraft variants, with the point values of games 4-6.
Bomber games.
In the bomber games (19-21), the player-controlled vehicle is a plane flying near the top of the screen dropping bombs on the ships from the torpedo games. As in the polaris games, the plane's speed is controlled by the player, and the point values are identical to those in games 10-12.
Polaris vs. Bomber games.
In the polaris vs. bomber games (22-27), one player controls the ship from the polaris games while the other controls the plane from the bomber games, with the goal being to destroy the other player's craft. Games 25-27 feature zero-point mines as obstacles.
Legacy.
"Air-Sea Battle" appears on the "Atari Anthology" collection for Xbox and PlayStation 2 and the Atari Flashback dedicated console. The game was also re-released to Microsoft's "Game Room" download service for the Xbox 360 and Windows-based PCs in March 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="2893906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893906" title="Frehley's Comet (album)">
Frehley's Comet (album)

"Frehley's Comet" is the second solo release from Ace Frehley, former lead guitarist of Kiss. Frehley also named his band after the title of this album, and in this way it is also considered the self-titled debut album credited to Frehley's Comet (as opposed to a Frehley solo release). It was the first album that Frehley released after leaving Kiss in 1982.
Background.
Frehley formed his solo band in 1984. He went on tour to perform his famous Kiss classics and some new material, which was recorded with his new band. The original Frehley's Comet line-up consisted of Ace Frehley on lead, back-up vocals and lead guitar, Richie Scarlet on lead, back-up vocals, lead and rhythm guitar, John Regan on bass guitar and back-up vocals, Arthur Stead on keyboards and Anton Fig on drums. Anton Fig, who played drums on the album, also performed on Frehley's 1978 Kiss solo album, as well as Kiss's "Dynasty" and "Unmasked" albums. On 1985, Richie Scarlet left the band to focus on his own solo career. Scarlet's departure led to another line-up change with Arthur Stead being dropped out and Tod Howarth joining the band handling the rhythm guitar, lead and back-up vocals duties. The original Frehley's Comet line-up recorded various demos and songs around 1984 and 1985 and many of them were performed live. However, the songs from that era are still officially unreleased and only few of them made it to the final recording of Frehley's Comet. Notably, "Breakout", "Into The Night", which was a cover of Russ Ballard, "We Got Your Rock", "Love Me Right", "Dolls" & "Stranger In A Strange Land" are the only songs on the record which were previously performed live in the band's early career and finally made it to the album.
Notable songs.
"Into the Night" was a minor hit for Frehley, reaching #27 on Billboard's Mainstream Rock Tracks chart in 1987. The song was originally written and recorded by Russ Ballard (on his 1984 album "Russ Ballard"), who also composed Frehley's Top 20 single "New York Groove".
"Breakout" was co-written with late Kiss member Eric Carr around the "Music From The Elder" recording era. However, the song was not used on the record and was later released by KISS on their "Revenge" album with the title "Carr Jam 1981". The instrumental part of the song was written by Frehley and Carr, however the lyrics of the song were probably written by Richie Scarlet, as this was one of his vocal performances on the Ace Frehley shows before he left the band on 1985. The band recorded a demo of the song with Richie Scarlet on lead vocals, and Frehley sharing the lead guitar solo parts with Scarlet. However, on the Frehley's Comet record, the song features Tod Howarth on lead vocals and Ace Frehley handling all the guitar solo parts. Whenever Frehley performs this song live he dedicates it to Carr.
"Calling to You" is a re-write of a song called "Mega Force" originally recorded by the band 707 in 1982. Tod Howarth had been a principal member and songwriter with 707, and likely brought the song with him when he joined Frehley's Comet. Originally recorded as the theme to the motion picture Mega Force, the song had been 707's biggest chart achievement (#12 Billboard Rock Tracks). The "Calling To You" version by Frehley's Comet features altered lyrics, with Jonathan Cain's writing credit removed and Frehley's added. Interestingly, the Frehley's Comet album was released on Jon Zazula's apparently unrelated Megaforce Records.
"Breakout", "Something Moved", "Dolls" synthesizer, samples and sequences by Gordon G.G. Gebert.
Charts.
Album - "Billboard" (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="2893911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893911" title="Sango (disambiguation)">
Sango (disambiguation)

Sango may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2893916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893916" title="Longbenton Metro station">
Longbenton Metro station

Longbenton Metro station is a station on the Tyne and Wear Metro network. It is set amongst the residential streets of the Longbenton area of Newcastle upon Tyne, with the nearby HMRC office complex and St. Mary's Catholic School contributing to its passenger usage.
History.
The station itself predates the Metro light rail system; it was opened in July 1947 by the LNER, which operated electric suburban passenger services on the North Tyneside Loop, the predecessor of the Metro's Yellow line (see Tyneside Electrics). The original neo-classical station building was joined by a covered concrete footbridge and waiting rooms in the late 1950s, all of which were frequent targets for vandals by the 1970s.
The station closed in January 1978 for Metro conversion work, with alterations including the shortening of platforms, construction of a new footbridge with spiral ramps to improve wheelchair access, and installation of new signage and ticket machines. It reopened for Metro services in August 1980; the original services of that year ran towards Haymarket from the westbound platforms and Tynemouth in the opposite direction, extending by 1982 to Heworth and St James (via the coast) respectively. Further route additions and service realignments changed the services over time to the pattern seen today.
Following the initial Metro conversion work the station buildings then remained largely unchanged until 1999, when extensive refurbishment work took place. A new ticket hall was added on the eastbound platforms and related aesthetic changes were made to the original LNER footbridge. The 1940s station building on the westbound platforms of the station was also upgraded and refurbished.
Services.
Trains towards South Shields via Newcastle and Gateshead, and towards St James via Tynemouth serve the station roughly every 12 minutes throughout the day, and every 15 minutes on Sundays. The station is now served by a newsagents, and includes parking for cycles.
Station artwork.
The station gained some art in June 2001, when "Tag-Tile", a commissioned work by Rob Belilios and Simon Jones, was unveiled. The artwork was created with the involvement of local young people, in response to graffiti issues at the station. The station also features "Journey's Echo", a collection of artwork created in collaboration with 6th Form students from the nearby secondary school.

</doc>
<doc id="2893918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893918" title="T95 (disambiguation)">
T95 (disambiguation)

T95 or T-95 may be:

</doc>
<doc id="2893948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893948" title="John Malecela">
John Malecela

John Samuel Malecela (born 19 April 1934) in Bugiri Dodoma, was Prime Minister of Tanzania from 1990-11-09–1994-12-07. He served as the vice-chairman of the CCM from 1995 to 2007, and a member of the CCM Central Committee to date.
Prime Minister Malecela headed the Tanzanian delegation which participated in the first Tokyo International Conference on African Development in October 1993.
Education.
John Malecela is one of the most experienced Tanzanian politicians. However his efforts to seek his party's nomination for presidential candidacy did not yield any favorable results on his part both in 1995 and 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="2893949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893949" title="Campbells Bay Primary School">
Campbells Bay Primary School

Campbells Bay Primary School is located between Campbells Bay and Castor Bay on Auckland's North Shore. It is attended by children from the ages of 5 to 11. When they leave at the end of year 6, pupils usually move on to Takapuna Normal Intermediate School or Murrays Bay Intermediate School.
The school was opened in 1925 and had 16 students then. As of 2005, about 700 students attend the school. The principal is John McGowan and the two deputy principals are Teresa Burn and Duncan Millward.
Among the school's facilities are a hall, library and dedicated rooms for art, technology and music. There are 29 classrooms and in 2012 25 of them are used for teaching. Outside are three adventure playgrounds, a swimming pool and large sports field. The grounds include a large area of regenerating native bush known as the Community Forest.

</doc>
<doc id="2893950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893950" title="Busk Margit Jonsson">
Busk Margit Jonsson

Busk Margit Jonsson (born 10 September 1929) is a Swedish Soprano opera singer. 
Jonsson was born in Malung, Dalarna County. She played many roles during her time at the Royal Swedish Opera from 1954 to 1983, and was awarded the prestigious "Jussi Björling scholarship" in 1975.
Jonsson has been guest host on the popular radio programme "Sommar".
From 1964-1977 she was married to Swedish actor Helge Skoog. She had been married to opera singer Ingvar Wixell before then.

</doc>
<doc id="2893953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893953" title="Samuel Pettigrew">
Samuel Pettigrew

Samuel Pettigrew served as Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1832 to 1836, his administration was marked by the industrialization of the city. Pittsburgh celebrated its newfound might by christening the first steam locomotive in the mid-west aptly named "The Pittsburgh". Mayor Pettigrew contended with one of the city's first major disasters when a flood crested at 38.2 feet in February 1832. He was also both the last Pittsburgh mayor appointed by City Council and to win a general election outright by all the city's citizens.
Pettigrew married Martha Barclay in 1814, and she died in 1823. He married Charlotte Clayland in 1824. He died in 1841.

</doc>
<doc id="2893954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893954" title="Turks in Bulgaria">
Turks in Bulgaria

The Turks in Bulgaria (), are a minority group, mainly concentrated in the southern province of Kardzhali and northeastern provinces of Shumen, Silistra, Razgrad and Targovishte. According to the census of population in Bulgaria from 2011, there were 588,318 inhabitants with Turkish ethnic affiliation, or 8% of the population, thus becoming the largest ethnic minority. There is also a diaspora caused by the immigrants outside Bulgaria, the most significant of which is of the Bulgarian Turks in Turkey.
Turks in Bulgaria are descendants of Turkic settlers, main part Karamanids exiled from Anatolia. They came across the narrows of the Dardanelles and the Bosporus following the Ottoman conquest of the Balkans in the late 14th and early 15th centuries, as well as Bulgarian converts to Islam who became Turkified during the centuries of Ottoman rule. It has also been suggested that some Turks living today in Bulgaria may be direct ethnic descendants of earlier medieval Pecheneg, Oğuz, and Cuman Turkic tribes. The Turkish community became an ethnic minority when the Principality of Bulgaria was established after the Russo-Turkish War of 1877-78. This community is of Turkish ethnic consciousness and differs from the majority Bulgarian ethnicity and the rest of the Bulgarian nation by its own language, religion, culture, customs, and traditions. DNA research investigating the three largest population groups in Bulgaria: Bulgarians, Bulgarian Turks and Gypsies confirms with Y-chromosomal STR haplotype analysis that there are significant differences between the three ethnic groups. The study revealed a high number of population-specific haplotypes and a low degree of haplotype sharing between the three ethnic communities.
Summary.
Today, the Turks of Bulgaria are concentrated in two rural areas, in the Northeast (Ludogorie/Deliorman) and the Southeast (the Eastern Rhodopes). They form a majority in the province of Kardzhali (66.2% Turks compared to 30.2% Bulgarians) and a plurality in the province of Razgrad (50.0% Turks compared to 43.0% Bulgarians).
It is important to note, that it is difficult to establish accurately the number of the Turks and that it is likely that the census numbers are an overestimate because some Pomaks, Crimean Tatars, Circassians and Romani tend to identify themselves as Turks. In Bulgaria there are also other Turkish-speaking communities such as the Gajal who could be found particularly in the Deliorman region.
Turks settled in the territory of modern Bulgaria during and after the Ottoman conquest of the Balkans in the late 14th and early 15th centuries. Being the dominant group in the Ottoman Empire for the next five centuries, they played an important part in the economic and cultural life of the land. According to the historian Halil Inalcik, the Ottomans ensured significant Turkish presence in forward urban outposts such as Nikopol, Kyustendil, Silistra, Trikala, Skopje and Vidin and their vicinity. Ottoman Muslims constituted the majority in and around strategic routes primarily in the southern Balkans leading from Thrace towards Macedonia and the Adriatic and again from the Maritsa and Tundzha valleys towards the Danube region. According to Aubaret, the French Consul in Ruse in 1876 in the Danube Vilayet (which included the territory of the post-1878 Bulgarian principality without Eastern Rumelia, and also Northern Dobruja and the Niš region) alone there were 1,120,000 Muslims and 1,233,500 non-Muslims of whom 1,150,000 were Bulgarian. Between 1876 and 1878, through emigration, massacres, epidemics and hunger a large portion of the Turkish population vanished. The flow of Turks to Anatolia continued in a steady pattern depending on the policies of the ruling regimes until 1925 after which immigration was regulated. During the 20th century Bulgaria also practiced forced deportations and expulsions, which also targeted the Muslim Pomak population.
The biggest wave of Turkish emigration occurred in 1989, when 310,000 Turks left Bulgaria as a result of the communist Todor Zhivkov regime's assimilation campaign, but around 150,000 returned between 1989 and 1990. That program, which began in 1984, forced all Turks and other Muslims in Bulgaria to adopt Christian names and renounce all Muslim customs. The motivation of the 1984 assimilation campaign was unclear; however, many experts believed that the disproportion between the birth rates of the Turks and the Bulgarians was a major factor. During the name-changing phase of the campaign, Turkish towns and villages were surrounded by army units. Citizens were issued new identity cards with Bulgarian names. Failure to present a new card meant forfeiture of salary, pension payments, and bank withdrawals. Birth or marriage certificates would be issued only in Bulgarian names. Traditional Turkish costumes were banned; homes were searched and all signs of Turkish identity removed. Mosques were closed or demolished. Turkish names on gravestones were replaced with Bulgarian names. According to estimates, 500 to 1,500 people were killed when they resisted assimilation measures, and thousands of others were sent to labor camps or were forcibly resettled. During this period the Bulgarian authorities denied all reports of ethnic repression and that ethnic Turks existed in the country. The official government stance was that the Turks in Bulgaria were really Bulgarians who were Turkified and that the entire Turkish population voluntarily chose to change their Turkish/Muslim names to Bulgarian/Slavic ones.
The fall of communism in Bulgaria led to a reversal of the state's policy towards its citizens of Turkish descent. After the fall of Zhivkov in 1989, the National Assembly of Bulgaria passed laws to restore the cultural rights of the Turkish population. In 1991 a new law gave anyone affected by the name-changing campaign three years to officially restore original names and the names of children born after the name change. In January 1991, Turkish-language lessons were reintroduced as a non-compulsory subject for four hours per week if requested. According to the 2011 census in Bulgaria, there are 588,318 persons from the Turkish ethnic group or 8.8% of all ethnic groups, down from 746,664 persons (9.4%) at the 2001 census. 605,802 persons (9.1%) pointed Turkish language as their mother tongue. Statistic results of the 2000 census on the foreign-born population in Turkey showed that 480,817 residents were born in Bulgaria thus forming the largest foreign-born group in the country. The number of Bulgarian citizens from Turkish descent residing in Turkey is put at 326,000, during the 2005 Bulgarian parliamentary elections 120,000 voted either in Bulgaria or polling stations set up in Turkey.
History.
Turks, although today numerically small – about 1 million people (about 2 percent of the total Balkan population) - have played a role in shaping the history of the Balkans far beyond their numbers.
Possible settlement of Turks in Bulgaria During the pre-Ottoman Period.
While most Turks settled during and after the Ottoman conquest, there are indications that some Turks settled before this period.
According to early historical compilations and translations of Ibn Bibi’s History of the Seljuq Sultanate of Rum a well founded account is presented of Turkish immigration from Anatolia to Dobruja. Ibn Bibi’s historical memoirs cover the period 1192-1281 well before Ottoman rule over the Balkans. The work of Ibn Bibi finished in 1281 and was written in Persian for one of the last Rum Seljuk Sultans Kaykhusraw III. In his Turkish translation called the Oghuzname Yazicioğlu Ali describes how Seljuk Turk troops joined their Sultan 'Izz al-Din Kayka'us II (Kaykaus II) to help the Byzantine Emperor Michael VIII Palaiologos in his military campaigns. It is thought that during this campaign Seljuks settled in Dobruja. This migration of Anatolian Turks to Dobruja and their mystic leader Sari Saltik is also described in the works of Ibn Battuta and Evliya Çelebi. According to sources these Seljuk Turks settled in area of Dobruja along the Black Sea coast in the borderland between what is now Bulgaria and their furthest outpost Babadag situated in Northern Dobruja.
Part of them returned to Anatolia, while the rest became Christianized and adopted the name of Gagauz. For these reasons it is unclear to which extent this group is connected with today's Turkish inhabitants of the region.. There are also some doubts about these events, which according to some scholars have the characteristics of a folk legend. According to some historians such as Karel Škorpil have presented the view that the Turks in Deliorman are the descendants of Bulgars, who had escaped Slavization and others that these are the descendants of Pechenegs or Cumans who settled in the region around 1055. Islamization of this population before Ottoman rule has also been suggested.
Settlement of Turks in Bulgaria During the Ottoman Period.
The conquest of the Balkans by the Ottomans set in motion important population movements, which modified the ethnic and religious composition of the conquered territories. This demographic restructuring was accomplished through colonization of strategic areas of the Balkans with Turks brought or exiled from Anatolia, establishing a firm Turkish Muslim base for further conquests in Europe. Ottoman Empire used colonization as a very effective method to consolidate their position and power in the Balkans. The colonizers that were brought to the Balkans consisted of diverse elements, including groups uneasy for the state, soldiers, nomads, farmers, artisans and merchants, dervishes, preachers and other religious functionaries, and administrative personnel. Among the earliest arrivals were large numbers of pastoral peoples such as the Yürüks, Turcomans (Oghuz Turks), Tatars from Anatolia and Crimean Tatars (Qaraei or Kara Tatar) led by their chieftain Aktav. As the Ottomans expanded their conquests in the Balkans, they brought nomads from Anatolia and settled them along the main highways and in the surrounding mountain regions. Densely populated Turkish colonies were established in the frontier regions of Thrace, the Maritsa and the Tundzha valleys. The colonization policies already begun under Orhan were continued by his successors Murat I (1360–84) and Bayezit I (1389–1402). Additional colonists, mostly nomads again, were established along key transportation and communication routes in Thrace, Macedonia, and Thessaly. The Ottoman authorities maintained these nomads in their tribal organization through the 16th century and began to settle them only during the 17th century.
In addition to voluntary migrations, the Ottoman authorities used mass deportations ("sürgün") as a method of control over potentially rebellious elements in the Balkans and in Anatolia. Far away from their home bases, the potential threat of such elements was considerably reduced as in the case of the followers of the rebellious Karamani Pir Ahmed. Tribal resistance was followed by large-scale transfers of Karamanid and Türkmen nomads to Deliorman and Rumelia. Deportations in both directions occurred throughout the 14th, 15th, and 16th centuries.
After the defeat of Bayezid I at the battle of Ankara by the forces of Tamerlane in 1402, the Ottomans abandoned their Anatolian domains for a while and considered the Balkans their real home, making Adrianople (Edirne) their new capital. The Timurid invasions and other upheavals in Anatolia brought additional Turkish settlers into the Balkans. Numerous Turkish colonists were settled as farmers in new villages. "Vakıf" deeds and regısters of the 15th century show that there was a wide movement of colonization, with western Anatolian peasantry settling in Thrace and the eastern Balkans and founding hundreds of new villages. Some other settlers came in search of military and administrative service, and still others to establish Islamic religious institutions. Muslims were settled densely along the two great historical routes of the Peninsula, one going though Thrace and Macedonia to the Adriatic and the other passing through the Maritsa and Tundzha valleys to the Danube. The Yürüks were settled mostly in the mountainous parts of the area. A census conducted between 1520 and 1530 showed that 19% of the Balkan population was Muslim.
The greatest impact of Ottoman colonization in the Balkans, however, was felt in the urban centers. Many towns became major centers for Turkish control and administration, with most Christians gradually withdrawing to the mountains. Historical evidence shows that the Ottomans embarked on a systematic policy of creating new towns and repopulating older towns that had suffered significant population decline and economic dislocation during the two centuries of incessant wars preceding the Ottoman conquest, as well as the ravages of the Ottoman conquest itself. Often re-colonization of old towns and the establishment of new towns were accompanied by bodily transplanting settlers from other areas of the Empire or with Muslim refugees from other lands.
Records show that by the end of the 14th century, Muslim Turks formed the absolute majority in large urban towns in Upper Thrace such as Plovdiv (Filibe) and Pazardzhik (Tatar Pazarcik).
Ottoman Architecture in Bulgaria.
Ottoman architecture has shaped and left visible marks on the Balkan urban landscape. Two distinct crafts are evident in Ottoman urban culture that of the architect and that of the master builder ("maistores" in Macedonia and Epirus, "kalfa" in Anatolia and sometimes
in Bulgaria) who shared the responsibilities and tasks for the design and construction of all sorts of building projects. During Mimar Sinan's period as a chief imperial architect until the second half of the 16th century between forty and seventy architects produced designs for a very large labour force, controlled the construction of military and civil facilities, water and road infrastructure from Budapest to Cairo. The centralized "has" or "hassa" (sultan's property and service) system had allowed a small number of architects to control all significant imperial and most vakif building sites over the vast territories of the empire. In the 18th century the empire was opened to Western influence. By the late 18th century a growing number of Ottoman Christians were recruited. Until the very end of the Ottoman state the master builders maintained a cultural equilibrium between the Ottoman spirit and architectural innovation both in the Balkans and Anatolia. Turkish, Slavic, and Greek masters combining Western styles with Ottoman views extended the architectural landscape with one of the best examples being the Filibe-Plovdiv symmetrical house. Innovations were derived from the Ottoman house and market ("çarşı") buildings in Anatolia, Macedonia, and Bulgaria.
Turks in Bulgaria from Liberation to Communist Rule (1878 to 1945).
The estimates of the number of Turks in the current Bulgarian territories prior to the Russo-Turkish war of 1878 vary. Major urban centers were with Muslim majority and remained overwhelmingly Muslim well until the 19th century. According to Aubaret, the French Consul in Ruse in 1876 in the Danube Vilayet alone there were 1,120,000 Muslims and 1,233,500 non-Muslims of whom 1,150,000 were Bulgarian. As Russian forces and Bulgarian volunteers pushed south in January 1878 they inflicted a welter of atrocities on the local Muslim population. Certainly many perished of hardship during their flight. The number of casualties is uncertain, it is estimated at tens of thousands. The figure of refugees is uncertain too, Professor Richard Crampton estimates it as an exodus of 130,000-150,000 people of whom approximately half returned for an intermediary period encouraged by the Congress of Berlin in 1878, while Dr. Hupchick claims that the refugees were 500,000. Atrocities against the Turks and Pomaks committed by Russian troops and Bulgaria units are also described in the 1878 Rhodope Commission signed by French, Italian, English and Turkish representatives. The Commission points out the burning of 80 Muslim villages after signing the armistice and a number of other war crimes against the Muslim civilian population. The Commission presents the figure of 150,000 refugees in and around the Rhodope Mountains.
According to Justin McCarthy, the Russian aim was to inflict massive Muslim civilian casualties. The victims are put into four categories: 1) battle casualties 2) murders by Bulgarian and Russian troops 3) denial of necessities for life leading to starvation and death from disease 4) death caused by refugee status. Members of the European press who covered the war in Bulgaria reported on the Russian atrocities against Muslims. Witness accounts from Shumen and Razgrad describe children, women and elderly wounded by sabres and lances. They stated that the entire Muslim population of many villages had been massacred.
It should be noted that the Ottoman army committed numerous atrocities against Christians during its retreat, most notably the complete devastation of Stara Zagora and the surrounding region, which might have provoked some of the attacks against ethnic Turks. There were also returning in the homeland Bulgarian refugees from Wallachia, Moldavia and Russia which escaped from the Ottoman rule.
During the War many Turks, including large and small landowners, abandoned their lands. Though many returned after the signing of the treaty of Berlin they were soon to find the atmosphere of the lands they had left behind uncongenial and large numbers emigrated once again to the more familiar cultural and political atmosphere of the Ottoman Empire.
Bulgarian population increased from two million at the 1881 census to two and a half million by 1892, and stood at three and a half million by 1910 and at four million by 1920. This increase took place while a large number of Bulgaria's Turkish-speaking inhabitants were emigrating. At the census in 1881 the Turkish-speaking people in Bulgaria and Eastern Rumelia were about 700,000 and represented 24.9% of the population, yet by the 1892 census the proportion was 17.21 percent and by the 1910 census 11.63%; in the same years the Bulgarian speaking elements were 67.84%, 75.67% and 81.63% of the total.
During the Balkan Wars in August 1913 the majority Muslim population of Western Thrace (including the regions of the Southern Rhodope Mountains and the Kircaali/Kurdzhali region) established the Provisional Government of Western Thrace. The short-lived republic had a population of over 230 000 of which app. 80% were Turks and Pomaks. Western Thrace was left to Bulgaria with the Istanbul agreement signed on 29 September 1913 which guaranteed the rights of Turks living in the region. The region stayed
under Bulgarian control until 1919. Since Bulgarians comprised only a fraction of the population of Western Thrace ceding the territory to Bulgaria was seen as an unacceptable option by both the population of Western Thrace and Turkey at that time. Having lost the territory in 1913 the Ottoman State intended to keep the area mainly Turkish populated with hopes of one day regaining Western Thrace.
Turkish Press in Bulgaria 1879–1945.
The Turkish press in Bulgaria established itself almost simultaneously with the foundation of the Bulgarian Principality in 1878. Under the new "(”foreign”)" Bulgarian administration the Turkish intellectuals felt the need to communicate the new laws and regulations to the Turkish population by first providing translations of the Bulgarian State Gazette. During the years the number of Turkish newspapers and publications published in the Principality of Bulgaria rose to 90.
The Turkish Press in Bulgaria was faced with many difficulties and a significant amount of newspapers operated on the verge of being banned and their journalists being expelled from the country. Turkish journalists and teachers organised by establishing the Islamic Teachers Community in Bulgaria "(Bulgaristan Muallimi Islâmiye Cemiyeti)" and the Union of Turan Communities in Bulgaria "(Turan Cemiyetleri Birliği)" which was a youth organisation. The leaders of these organisations met during National Congresses held each year in different locations in Bulgaria. The largest National Congress was held in Sofia in 1929 with over 1000 participants.
Between 1895 and 1945 there were several well known Turkish newspapers in Bulgaria:
GAYRET:
The newspaper was founded in Plovdiv in 1895 and printed by Filibeli Rıza Paşa.
In 1896 the famous Turkish thinker and intellectual Übeydullah Efendi wrote columns in Gayret and in a later stage became the newspaper’s head columnist.
MUVAZENE:
The weekly newspaper was first published in 20.8.1897 in Plovdiv by the graduates of the "Mektebi Mülkiye Ulumu Siyasie" and printed by Filibeli Rıza Paşa. The newspaper’s operations temporarily moved to Varna before returning to back to Plovdiv. One of the most known writers in Muvazene was Ali Fefhmi Bey who promoted the unionisation of the Turkish teachers in Bulgaria and was the instigator of the first Turkish teacher’s congress in Shumen. During the congress the Islamic Teachers Community in Bulgaria "(Bulgaristan Muallimi Islâmiye Cemiyeti)" was founded.
RUMELİ – BALKAN:
Founded in 1904 by Etem Ruhi Balkan. After the first three editions the newspaper’s name was changed to Balkan. Daily editions were published until the eruption of the Balkan Wars in 1912. The newspaper was also printed by Maullimi Mehmet Mahri and Halil Zeki Bey. Since Etem Ruhi was often imprisoned the management of the newspaper shifted to Hüsnü Mahmut in 1912 and 1917 Halil Ibrahim became the head editor. The newspaper ended its publications in 1920.
UHUVVET:
Founded by unknown group of journalists in 24.5.1904 the weekly newspaper was printed in Rousse and focused on politics and daily events. In 1905 Mehmet Teftiş became the manager of the newspaper.
TUNA:
Founded in 1.9.1905 by Mehmet Teftiş, Tuna was a daily newspaper printed in Rousse. After 415 editions the newspaper ended its operations, however on 13.10.1908 the publications of Tuna resumed after a group of intellectual Turks established a separate company designated to meet the needs for a Turkish daily newspaper in the region. The main contributors in the new Tuna newspaper were Tahir Lütfi Bey, Hafız Abdullah Meçik and Kizanlikli Ali Haydar.
TERBİYE OCAĞI:
Established in 1921 by the Islamic Teachers Community in Bulgaria "(Bulgaristan Muallimi Islâmiye Cemiyeti") and printed in Varna between 1923 and 1925. Known contributors in Terbiye Ocaği were Osman Nuri Peremeci, Hafız Abdullah Meçik, Hasip Ahmet Aytuna, Mustafa Şerif Alyanak, Mehmet Mahsum, Osmanpazarli Ibrahim Hakki Oğuz, Ali Avni, Ebuşinasi Hasan Sabri, Hüseyin Edip and Tayyarzade Cemil Bey.
YOLDAŞ:
Founded in 1921 by Hafız Abdullah Meçik and published every second week in Shumen. Yoldaş was one of the first Turkish children’s publications in Bulgaria.
DELİORMAN:
Owned by Mahmut Necmettin Deliorman the newspaper started its publications in 21.10.1922 in Razgrad with Ahmet Ihsan as its head editor. Between 1923 and 1925 Mustafa Şerif Alyanak took on the job of head editor with weekly editions. Deliorman also functioned as the main publication for the Turkish Union of Sport’s Clubs in Bulgaria. Turkish columnists such as Hasip Saffeti, Ahmet Aytuna, Hafiz Ismail Hakki, Yahya Hayati, Hüsmen Celal, Çetin Ebuşinasi and Hasan Sabri were household names in Deliorman.
TURAN:
Founded on 6.5.1928 in Vidin, Turan was a channel for the Union of Turkish Youth Communities in Bulgaria. The newspaper was also printed in Kardzhali and Varna until it was closed in 1934.
TEBLİGAT:
Founded in 1929 and published by the office of the Grand Mufti and Islamic Foundations in Sofia.
RODOP:
Founded in April 1929 in Kardzhali by Lütfi Takanoğlu. Rodop focused on the rights, freedoms and national matters of the Turkish population in Bulgaria. Most known writers in Rodop were Mustafa Şerif Alyanak and Ömer Kaşif Nalbandoğlu. As many other Turkish newspapers in Bulgaria Rodop was forced to stop its operations during 1934 and its writers were either expelled or forced to seek refuge in Turkey.
Professor Ali Eminov from Wayne State College has compiled an extensive list:
Transfer of Land.
The transfer of land from Turkish to Bulgarian ownership which was the most important effect of Turkish emigration was a complex process. Such transfers had taken place before 1878, for example parts in the Tatar Pazardzhik district, where Bulgarian landowners had been unknown in 1840 , some two thousand plots had been bought by them between 1872 and 1875. In 1877 and in the following years the process of transfer took place on an immensely greater scale, both here and elsewhere. In 1875 some 50% of the land in Rumelia was owned by Turks. A decade after 1878 as much as a quarter of the arable land in Bulgaria transferred from Turkish to Bulgarian ownership.
With the outbreak of war some Turks sold their property, mostly to wealthy local Bulgarians. Other Turks rented their lands, usually to dependable local Bulgarians, on the understanding that it would be handed back if and when the owners returned. Most departing Turks, however, simply abandoned their land and fled, the fall of Pleven had made it clear that the Russians were to win the War. As the Turks fled many Bulgarians seized some of the land now made vacant. The incidence of seizure varied regionally. In the north-east the Turks were numerous and, feeling safety in numbers, few of them had left and those remaining were therefore strong enough to discourage seizures by Bulgarians. In the north and south-west on the other hand almost all Turks had fled and their lands were immediately taken over by local Bulgarians who often divided up the large estates found in these areas. In the remainder of northern Bulgaria transfers, often under the cloak of renting, took place in approximately one third of the communities. In the Turnovo province, for example, there were seventy-seven Turkish mixed Turkish-Bulgarian villages of which twenty-four (31.0%) were seized by Bulgarians, twenty two (28.5%) were later repossessed by returning Turkish refugees, and another twenty-two remained unaffected; the fate of the remaining nine is unknown. In the south-west there was much more tension and violence. Here there was no provisions about renting and there were cases of Bulgarian peasants not only seizing land but also destroying buildings.
In vast majority of the cases it was local Bulgarians who seized the vacant land but Bulgarians from other parts of Bulgaria where there had been little Turkish emigration and Bulgarian refugees from Ottoman repressions in Macedonia and Western Thrace also took part in the seizures. In later months the publication of the terms of the Treaty of Berlin naturally intensified the flow of refugees from these areas and according to the prefect of Burgas province as helping themselves to émigré land “in a most arbitrary fashion” .
In Burgas and the rest of Eastern Rumelia the Treaty of Berlin intensified the land struggle by making Bulgarians more determined to seize sufficient land before Ottoman sovereignty was restored. It also encouraged the former Turkish owners to return. With these problems the Russian Provisional Administration had to contend.
The Provisional Administration did not have the power, even if it had had the will, to prevent so popular a movement as the seizure of vacant Turkish land, but nor could the Administration allow this movement to go completely unchecked for this would give the Turks and the British the excuse to interfere in the internal affairs of the liberated territories. Given these dangers the Russians handled the agrarian problem with considerable skill. In the summer of 1877 Bulgarian refugees from Macedonia, Thrace and Ottoman Rumelia had been allowed to harvest the crops left by Turkish émigrés and in September all Bulgarians, the incoming refugees and the indigenous, were allowed to sow vacant Turkish land, though it was insisted that this did not in any way signify a transfer of ownership. With the mass exodus of Turks after the Treaty of San Stefano the Provisional Administration had little choice but to allow the Bulgarians to work the vacant land with rent, set at half the value of the harvest, to be paid to the legal owner. In many cases the Bulgarians simply refused to pay this rent and the Russians were not over-zealous in collecting it.
When the Treaty of Berlin guaranteed Turkish property rights and restored southern Bulgaria to the Sultan's sovereignty at least 80,000 of the 150,000 Turkish émigrés had returned by September 1878. This caused enormous problems including housing the returning Turks whose property had been taken over by Bulgarians or destroyed. In September local authorities ordered that any houses taken over by Bulgarians were to be restored to their former owners on the latter's demand, whilst other returning Turks were given Tatar or Circassian land.
These problems were insignificant compared to those raised when the returning Turks demanded the restitution of their lost lands.
In July 1878 the Russian Provisional Administration had come to an agreement with the Porte by which Turkish refugees were allowed to return under military escort, if necessary, and were to have their lands back on condition that they surrendered all their weapons. In August 1878 it was decreed that those returning would not be immune from prosecution and anyone against whom any charges were substantiated would be deprived of his lands. This decree, more than anything else, discouraged the return of more Turks and from the date of this enactment the flow of returning refugees began gradually to diminish. There were, however, many claims still to be dealt with and in November 1878 mixed Turkish and Bulgarian commissions were established in all provinces to examine these claims. The decisions were to be made in accordance with rules drawn up by the Russian embassy in Constantinople in consultation with the Porte, and under them Bulgarians could secure the legal right to a piece of land if they could produce the authentic title-deeds, tapii, and thereby prove that the land at dispute had originally been taken from them forcibly or fraudulently.
After the departure of the Russians in the spring of 1879 the administration in Plovdiv ordered to enforce court decisions returning land to the Turks. Only half of the courts had recorded such decisions. Other actions were even less emotive and in 1880 the position of the Bulgarians in Eastern Rumelia had improved. The Plovdiv government introduced new methods for authenticating claims, allowing local courts to issue new title deeds if they were satisfied that existing documentation proved ownership, or if local communal councils had issued certificates attesting ownership. Most local councils were entirely Bulgarian or were dominated by Bulgarians and decided in favour of their co-nationals far more often than did the mixed commissions with whom the prerogative of adjunction had previously rested. In many instances, too, Bulgarians refused to relinquish land they had seized and as late as 1884 there were still Turkish landlords demanding the implementation of court orders restoring their property.
The Bulgarians in Rumelia were also helped from 1880 onwards because the Turks began to drift once more into exile. This was very much the result of disappointed hopes for a full restoration of Turkish power south of the Balkan range. By 1880 the Bulgarians had gained complete control of the province and to this many Turks, and particularly the richer and previously more influential ones, could not adapt. The Turks had never allowed the Bulgarians social or legal equality. Now they were forced to concede their superiority and for many Turks this was too much to bear and they gratefully accepted offers of land from the Sultan and returned to the more familiar atmosphere of the Ottoman Empire.
The Turks were also encouraged to emigrate from Bulgaria by regulations which affected the cultivation of rice - which was originally introduced to the region by the Turks. This was part of a project to eradicate malaria that included also draining of swamps in the Tundzha, Arda, and Maritsa Basins. The project succeeded in eradicating malaria, however, it also exacerbated droughts in those regions. Rice was a staple crop for the Turks and in its prohibition many of them saw yet another sign of unacceptable Bulgarian domination. An even more important impulse to Turkish emigration was the Bulgarian land tax of 1882. By Moslem law all land was owned by God but after the abolition of feudalism in the 1830s use of that land conferred temporary wardship upon the user, and thus the tithe which had been the main levy on land until 1882 conformed to traditional Moslem codes of thought and practice. The land tax did not. Furthermore land tax applied to all land in a man's possession not, as under the tithe, merely to that part which had been cultivated. This hit the Turks hard for they customarily left a large proportion, in many cases as much as half, of their land fallow. Taxation now fell on the fallow land too but production and earnings could not be increased by the same proportion and as a result many of the remaining Turkish owners of large estates left Rumelia. Significantly 1882 was the peak year for the sale of larger Turkish properties in Rumelia, though the sale of such properties continued steadily throughout the first half of the 1880s. From the end of the war to the summer of 1880 only six large Turkish chifliks in Eastern Rumelia had been sold but the five years before union with the Principality of Bulgaria in 1885 saw the sale of about a hundred. That most of the larger Turkish owners and many smaller ones left Rumelia was undoubtedly an important factor in the easy attainment of Bulgarian supremacy in Rumelia during the early 1880s.
In Principality of Bulgaria as in Rumelia the chaos of war had allowed a number of seizures to go unrecorded meaning that the new occupiers were to be left in untroubled possession of their land. The Constituent Assembly had considered a proposal to legislate such illegal transfers but no action had been taken as Karavelov had easily persuaded the Assembly that it was pointless to legislate about so widespread a phenomenon. The Bulgarians in the Principality could afford such bold stance as there was little danger of direct Ottoman intervention over the land question. There was a constant stream of emigration by Turks from Bulgaria and by the early 1890s so many Turks had left the former Turkish stronghold of north-eastern Bulgaria that the government in Sofia began to fear that the area would be seriously under-populated. In 1891 the Minister of Finance reported to the Subranie that there were 26,315 vacant plots in the country, many of them in the north-east and most of them under twenty dekars in extent.
In Bulgaria the government also took possession of Turkish land which had been vacant for three years. A number of returning Turkish refugees who demanded restitution of or compensation for their lands were denied both on the grounds that they had without duress left their property unworked for three years. Land rights of Muslim owners were largely disregarded despite of being guaranteed by the powers. The historian Michael Palairet has claimed that de-Ottomanization of Bulgaria and Eastern Rumelia led to the economic decline in the region, which is contradicted by many other historians, who show rapid growth of the economy as well as rapid industrial development and growth of exports in Bulgaria after 1878.
Human rights.
Bulgaria's constitution and various international treaties required it to grant minorities, including the Turkish population, equal treatment before law (however, the Tarnovo constitution also required, discriminatorily, direct government control over all, minority or majority, religious communities). The policy of equal treatment was pursued inconsistently. All in all, Turks and other Muslims were able to freely maintain their own cultural life during most of the time until World War II, but with periods of gross human rights violations, including a major onslaught during the right-wing authoritarian regime in the last decade of that period. Other abuses included denied access to public service and refusal of tax relief and agricultural loans as a way to encourage emigration, as well as state appointment of Muslim muftis.
The condition of Turks and Bulgarian Muslims worsened gravely after the 1934 coup d'état and the establishment of Boris III's quasi-dictatorship and remained so until the Communist takeover. Muslim minority teachers were deprived of pensions and the participation of the Muslim community in political and cultural life was minimized. As mentioned above, there was an immediate assault on Turkish-language press and by 1941 all Turkish-language newspapers were banned. This was justified with the claim that it promoted Kemalist ideas. In general, pro-Kemalist organizations were systematically dissolved, as Kemalism was regarded as a form of pan-Turkism that turned the Bulgarian Turks into a fifth column of Turkey. Ironically, emigration to Turkey was nevertheless banned during this until the early 1940s, when the government decided to issue emigration permits "en masse" in order to get rid of the "fifth column". Turkey, on the other hand, was very reluctant to admit any huge immigration from Bulgaria. At the same time, the overall conditions worsened even more, as the pro-Nazi regime closed all Muslim minority schools as well as schools with a significant number of Muslim or Turkish members, shut down mosques and even medical centres in predominantly Muslim areas, and systematically distributed smaller wartime foodstuff portions to Turks and other Muslims than to non-Muslim Bulgarians.
The Turks were not targets of violent assimilation attempts during most of this period, although Bulgarian-speaking Muslims (Pomaks) were targeted in two such state-organized campaigns - once during the Balkan wars (which was later revoked by the Liberal Party government elected also with Pomak votes), and once in 1942, by the notorious “Bulgarian-Mohammedan Cultural-Educational and Charitable Association - Rodina”. This also involved a ban on Pomak-Turkish intermarriage and coercive replacement of the Pomaks' Muslim names with Christian ones.
Language and Education.
After the Russo-Turkish War in 1878 the Turks in Bulgaria lost their social and political domination in Bulgaria. The official Turkish language became the language of a minority. In 1875 there were 2,700 Turkish primary schools, 40 secondary schools and 150 "medreses" in the Danube Vilayet. By 1913 the number of Turkish schools was reduced to 1,234 all of which had to be financed by the Turkish community.
Following the First World War the Bulgarian government provided financial assistance to the Turkish schools and their number grew to 1,712 with 60,481 pupils. As the fascist regime gained power in 1934, Turkish school, which had adopted the Latin alphabet following the reforms in Turkey, were forced to teach in the Arabic script. This in order to reduce the nationalistic influences coming from Turkey.
As the Communists took control in Bulgaria in 1944 they delivered on their promises for more liberties for the ethnic minorities. Turkish schools were reopened and the usage of the Latin script allowed. The new regime however nationalised the schools and took them under state control. In 1944 there were 84,603 Turkish children in school age, 40,388 of whom did not attend school. According to the law graduates from Turkish schools were considered as illiterate.
In 1956 the number of Turkish schools is put at 1,149 with 100,843 pupils and 4,527 teachers. After 1958 the Turkish language in these schools was replaced with Bulgarian as the official language and Turkish became an elected subject. After 1970 teaching Turkish in schools was abolished and by 1984 the use of the Turkish language itself was deemed illegal. The only two remaining bi-lingual journals "Yeni Işık" and "Yeni Hayat" were printed in Bulgarian only.
Turks in Bulgaria During Communist Rule (1945 to 1989).
Initial Improvements (1944-1956).
After the Communist takeover in 1944, the new regime declared itself in favour of all minorities and inter-ethnic equality and fraternity (in accordance with the classic doctrine of proletarian internationalism) and annulled all the "fascist" anti-Muslim decisions of the previous government. This included banning the "Rodina" organization, re-establishing the closed Turkish minority schools and founding new ones. The new constitution had many provisions regarding minority protection and in particular guaranteed the right to mother tongue education and free development of culture for all national minorities. Further legislation required new Turkish minority textbooks to be issued and allocation of air time for radio broadcasts in Turkish. For the first time since the ban by the previous regime, Turkish-language newspapers and magazines and Turkish-language editions of Bulgarian press were launched, starting in 1945, including "Vatan" ("Fatherland"), "Işık" ("Light"), "Halk Gençliği", "Yeni Işık" and "Yeni Hayat" ("New Life"). In 1947, even an "affirmative action"-like policy was implemented, as Turkish minority members were accepted to higher education institutions without an entrance examination; such practices would continue in later years, as special efforts were made to further the active involvement of Muslims in the Communist Party and in the political life of the country; but this special treatment may have been motivated also by the hope that such integration could encourage their cultural assimilation as well. However, the emigration of Turks and Pomaks to Turkey was periodically banned starting in 1949; Turkey also obstructed immigration from Bulgaria with tough requirements. Also, Turks and other minorities were not admitted into military service for some time, and even after the official decision to allow it in 1952, their admission would still require them to meet certain undefined political criteria.
The Assimilation Policy (1956–1989).
Starting in 1956, the regime gradually began to embark on a long-term assimilation policy towards the Turks in Bulgaria, which was routinely pursued with more or less intensity until the end of Communist rule and culminated in two periods of intensive campaigns, each lasting several years. The most wide-ranging and public one, directed against the Turks, took place in 1984-1985 and was officially called "the Revival Process" (a term also used, though more rarely, for the other large campaign, which was organized against the Pomak identity in 1971-1974). One of the main aspects of these campaigns were the forced name-changing episodes of the country’s Muslim population, as well as efforts to obliterate traditional clothing, prohibit Muslim customs and deny the use of Turkish language. Apart from these violent episodes, the long-term policy was expressed in various other facts: for example, Turkish-language publications were closed down one by one, and by 1981 only a single newspaper ("Yeni Işık ") survived, until it ceased to be published in 1985. Significantly, the new "Zhivkov constitution" of 1971 replaced the term "national minorities" with "nationals of non-Bulgarian origin".
Campaign against the Pomaks.
The assimilation policy targeted first the Bulgarian speaking Muslim population, the Pomaks, continuing the practice of the pre-Communist regime. Some of the methods used by “Rodina” were adopted by the Communist regime and the Pomaks were systematically targeted mainly in 1964 and 1970-1974. There are numerous examples of the brutality employed during these forced assimilation operations such as the events in March 1972 in the village of Barutin where police and state security forces violently crushed a demonstration against the assimilation policies of the regime by the majority Muslim population killing 2 civilians and inflicting gunshot wounds on scores of others. In March 1973 in the village of Kornitsa situated in the mountainous region of South-West Bulgaria the local Muslim population resisted the forced name changing and attempted to demonstrate against the government’s suppressive actions. As a response the Bulgarian security forces killed 5 villagers and wounded scores of civilians. By 1974, 500 of the 1,300 inmates of the notorious Belene labour camp were Pomaks who had resisted pressure to change their names.
The "Process of Rebirth".
The Process of Rebirth (also "Process of Revival" - Bulgarian:"Vazroditelen protses") was the culmination of the assimilation. With this explicit policy, enacted between 1984 and 1989, the Bulgarian government forced Bulgaria’s Turkish community – 900,000 people or 10 percent of the country's population, to change their names. The people affected were all ethnic Turks. By 1984 other Muslims, mostly the Muslim Roma and the Pomaks had already been forced to give up their Turkish or Muslim names for Christian names. The government had been encouraging the educated Turks to voluntarily adopt Bulgarian names.
The exact reasons for Zhivkov's mass-scale assimilation programme are unclear, but it is believed that one of the main factors was the projection that by 1990 the Bulgarian population would experience a zero or negative population growth resulting in increasing Muslim population and declining Bulgarian population.
In June 1984, the Politbureau voted a policy named “For the further unification and inclusion of Bulgarian Turks into the cause of socialism and the policies of the Bulgarian Communist Party". The plan was to rename all Islamic minorities with Slavic names, ban the wearing of distinctive Turkish clothing, to forbid the use of the Turkish language and close down the mosques. The assimilation campaign was sold to the ethnic Bulgarian majority as an attempt for national “revival” and was called by the authorities the “The Revival Process”. The ideology behind the term, originally used for the less publicized attempts at assimilation of the Pomaks in the early 1970s, was the claim that the targeted minority had originally been Bulgarian before its conversion or assimilation during the period of Ottoman rule. Thus, the assimilation was supposedly justified by it being a restoration of the population's original "real" identity.
As it was later to turn out the regime was misled by its own agents among the Turkish minority and was taken aback when the Turkish minority refused to submit to the assimilation campaign. The regime found itself in a position where it had to use violence.
On December 24, 1984 Bulgarian police and security forces fired the first shots against the Turkish community in the village of Mlechino (Present name of Süt Kesiği). While Mlechino was held under siege by Bulgarian security forces some 200 Turkish villagers from the smaller nearby towns attempted to break the siege and protest for the return of their passports and reinstatement of their Turkish names. This pattern repeated in many areas in Bulgaria populated with Turks. People from smaller towns and villages attempted to march and enter larger towns and villages to find a government official with greater jurisdiction who would be able to explain why the Turks were being targeted and when they would be able to reinstate their Turkish names and receive back their original identification documents. Often these larger towns of central administration were unreachable since they were besieged by Bulgarian security forces.
On 25 December 1984, close to the town of Benkovski, some 3,000 Turkish protesters from the nearby smaller villages confronted Bulgarian security forces and demanded to have their original identification papers back. The Bulgarian security forces managed to disperse the crowd claiming that they have no idea where their identification papers were and urged them to go back to their villages and inquire from the local mayors. The large police presence was explained with undergoing security forces “exercise manoeuvres”. After returning to their towns and discovering that the local municipality didn't have their passports and ID documentation the crowd headed back, this time more decisively, towards the town of Benkovski on the next day (26 December 1984). The Bulgarian police and security forces were prepared and awaiting with some 500 armed men in position. When the crowd of 2,000 Turkish villagers approached the Bulgarian security forces opened fire with automatic weapons wounding 8 people and killing 4. One of the killed was a 17-month old Turkish baby. The killed were from the villages of Kayaloba, Kitna and Mogiljane. Judging from the wounds of the dead and wounded the police and security force had been aiming at the midsection of the bodies. The captured demonstrators were faced down on the snow for 2 hours and blasted with cold water coming from the fire fighting trucks. In a report by Atanas Kadirev the head of the Ministry of Interior Forces in Kardzhali it is stated "“It was interesting that they were able to absorb all the water from the fire fighting trucks in a standing position"”. The temperature that day was minus 15 degrees Celsius.
On the same day, 26 December 1984, the Turkish community in the village of Gruevo, situated in Momchilgrad county, resisted the entry of security forces vehicles into the village by burning truck tires on the main road. The villagers were temporarily successful, but the security forces returned later that night with reinforcements. The electricity to the village was cut. The villagers organised at the village entrance but were blasted with water mixed with sand coming from the hoses of the fire fighting trucks. Some of the security forces opened fire directly at the villagers and several civilians were wounded and killed. The wounded from bullets attempted to seek help from hospitals but were refused medical treatment. There are reports of incarcerated Turks committing "suicide" while held for police questioning. In demonstrations in Momchilgrad at least one 16-year-old youngster was shot and killed and there are reports of casualties also in Dzhebel. According to the Bulgarian “Ministry of Interior” during these few Christmas days there have been some 11 demonstrations in which approximately 11,000 Turks participated. A large number of the arrested protesters were later sent to the “Belene labour camp” at the gates of which it is written "“All Bulgarian citizens are equal under the laws of the People's Republic of Bulgaria”"
One of the most notable confrontations between the ethnic Turk population and the Bulgarian State Security apparatus and army was in the village of Yablanovo during January 1985 where the Turkish population resisted the tanks of the 3rd Bulgarian Army for 3 days. When the village was overrun by the Bulgarian Army the town hall was made a temporary Command Centre and became the scene of terrifying acts of brutality in the name of “Bulgarisation”. The torture and violation of the captured resisting Turks was later continued in the underground cellars of the Ministry of Interior in the city of Sliven. The interrogation methods applied on the captured villagers were depicted with the torture of “Jesus Christ before his crucifixion”. Over 30 people are reported killed during the events in Yablanovo.
The regime’s violence did achieve its immediate aims. All Turks had been registered with Slavic names, Turkish was forbidden in public and the mosques abandoned. This however was not the end of the matter but the beginning of the revival of the Turkish identity where the oppressed minority strongly re-defined itself as Muslim and distinct. Bulgarians came to be seen as occupiers and oppressors and protest demonstrations took place in some of the bigger villages in the southern and northern Turk enclaves. Moreover, the Turkish community received the solidarity of Bulgarian intellectuals and opponents of the regime.
Militant attacks.
Several militant attacks were committed in the period between 1984 and 1985. The first attack was on August 30, 1984, when one bomb exploded on Plovdiv's railway station and another one in the Varna airport on a date when Todor Zhivkov was scheduled to visit the two towns. One woman was killed and 41 were wounded. On March 9, 1985, attacks going even further as an explosive device was planted on the Sofia-Burgas train and exploded on Bunovo station in a car that was specifically designated for mothers with children, killing seven people (two children) and wounding nine. The accused perpetrators, three Turkish men from the Burgas region who belonged to the illegal Turkish National Liberation Front (TNLF), were arrested, sentenced to death and executed in 1988. According to other sources the Turkish National Liberation Front was not founded until June 1985 (three months after the Bunovo attack). Certain publicists, such as Bulgarian politician and lawyer Yanko Yankov, have suggested that the three men were actually associates of the Bulgarian State Security Service, drawing the conclusion that the terrorist acts were provocations, organized by the regime., On July 7, 1987, militants detonates three military fragmentation grenades outside hotel "International" in Golden Sands resort at the time occupied with East German holiday-makers, trying to get attention and publicity for the renaming process.
Apart from these acts, the ethnic Turks in Bulgaria used nonviolent ways to resist the regime's oppression, though as noted above there were some violent clashes during the actual renaming process. Notably, intellectuals founded a movement, which was claimed to be the predecessor of the Movement for Rights and Freedoms (MRF). It used civil disobedience and focused on providing information to the outside world of the physical persecution and suppression suffered by the Turks in Bulgaria. The activities of the movement consisted of peaceful demonstrations and hunger strikes with the goal of restoring civil liberties and basic human rights.
The "Big Excursion".
In May 1989, there were disturbances in regions inhabited by members of the Turkish minority. In the so-called “May events” of 1989, emotions reached the boiling point and tens of thousands of Turkish demonstrators took to the streets in the north-eastern and south-eastern provinces. The demonstrations were violently suppressed by police and the military forces. On 6 May, members of the Turkish community initiated mass hungers strikes and demanded the restitution of their Muslim names and civil liberties in accordance with the country’s constitution and international treaties signed by Bulgaria. The participants were members of the “Democratic League” and the “Independent Association”. The regime responded with mass detentions and the deportation of activists to foreign countries such as Austria and Turkey. Individuals were driven to the Yugoslav, Romanian or Turkish borders, presented with a tourist passport and extradited without even having a chance of contacting their families first. The mass demonstration in major cities and the regions like Razgrad, Shumen, Kardzhali and Silistra continued systematically all through May 1989. According to the Turkish government, 50 people were killed during the clashes with Bulgarian security forces. The Bulgarian government has put the death toll at only 7. of over 300,000 Turks to Turkey, which became known as "The Big Excursion". The first wave of refugees was forcefully extradited from Bulgaria. These first deportees consisted of the prisoners of the Belene labour camp, their families and other Turkish activists. People were given 24 hours to gather their luggage before being driven to the border with Turkey in special convoys. Under psychological pressures and fear these were followed by hundreds of thousands. There were also cases were activists of Turkish movements pressured Turks to leave. During the protests in May, the Turkish population effectively abandoned their workplaces in the industrial and agricultural sector. The loss of hundreds of thousands of workers had severe consequences on the production cycle and the whole Bulgarian economy.
In 1998, the Bulgarian president condemned the Revival process and The Big Excursion, nine years after it took place.
Migration and Expulsion of Turks from Bulgaria to Turkey.
Official Recognition of Ethnic Cleansing.
The Bulgarian Parliamentary Committee on Human Rights and Religious Freedom approved in February 2010 a declaration, condemning the Communist regime's attempt to forcefully assimilate the country's ethnic Turkish population. The Committee declared the forceful expulsion of 360 000 Turks in 1989 as a form of ethnic cleansing. The committee requested the Bulgarian judiciary and the Chief Prosecutor to renew the case against the architects of the Revival Process.
Turks in Post-Communist Bulgaria.
Collapse of Zhivkov regime and civil liberties given to Turks.
On November 10, 1989 Bulgaria's Communist regime was overthrown. On December 29 a governmental decision was made allowing the Turks of Bulgaria to re-adopt their Turkish names. This was ratified as a law in March 1990. Within one year some 600 thousand applications were received for the reinstatement of Turkish birth given names. In the same year the Institutition of the Spiritual leader of the Muslims in Bulgaria, the Grand Mufti’s Office was founded. In 1991 a new Constitution was adopted granting citizens of non-Bulgarian origin a wide range of rights and lifting the legislative ban on teaching in Turkish. In January of the same year another law was adopted allowing the Turks to change their names or «strike out» their Slavonic endings like «ov», «ova», «ev», «eva» within three years [http://www.noravank.am/file/article/257_en.pdf].
As in other parts of Eastern Europe, the repeal of single-party rule in Bulgaria exposed the long-standing grievances of an ethnic minority. The urban intelligentsia that participated in the 1990 reform movement pushed the post-Zhivkov governments toward restoring constitutionally guaranteed human rights to the Turks. But abrogation of Zhivkov's assimilation program soon after his fall brought massive protests by ethnic Bulgarians.
In January 1990, the Social Council of Citizens, a national body representing all political and ethnic groups, reached a compromise that guaranteed the Turks freedom of religion, choice of names, and unimpeded practice of cultural traditions and use of Turkish within the community. In turn the Bulgarians were promised that Bulgarian would remain the official language and that no movement for autonomy or separatism would be tolerated. Especially in areas where Turks outnumbered Bulgarians, the latter feared progressive "Islamification" or even invasion and annexation by Turkey—a fear that was based on the traditional enmity after the Ottoman rule and had been stirred up after the 1974 invasion of Cyprus. This had been part of the propaganda during by the Zhivkov assimilation campaign and was revived by politicians in post-Communist Bulgaria. Because radical elements of the Turkish population did advocate separatism, however, the non-annexation provision of the compromise was vital.
The Bulgarian governments that followed Zhivkov tried to realize the conditions of the compromise as quickly as possible. In the multiparty election of 1990, the Turks won representation in the National Assembly by twenty-three candidates of the predominantly Turkish Movement for Rights and Freedoms (MRF). At that point, ethnic Bulgarians, many remaining from the Zhivkov regime, still held nearly all top jobs in government and industry, even in the predominantly Turkish Kurdzhali Province. Parts of Bulgarian society felt threatened by the rise of the MRF. The Bulgarian National Radical Party (BNRP) threatened to surround the Bulgarian Parliament building on the day of the newly elected legislature was scheduled to convene. The BNRP protested the participation of ethnic Turks in the National Assembly and the teaching of Turkish language as a standard curriculum in secondary school with large numbers of Turkish students.
The Patriotic Party of Labour (OPT) was established as the political wing of the National Committee for Defense of National Interests (CDNI). According to its own historiography the OPT emerged due to pressure from ordinary Bulgarian citizens who were outraged by the fact that the MRF was allowed to participate in the 1990 elections. CDNI members were mainly small-shop owners, artisans, farmers and elements of the local communist nomenklatura. The CDNI did not limit itself to rhetoric but also arranged protests against ethnic Turks returning to Bulgaria to claim back their names and property. In October 1991 violent outbreaks occurred between Bulgarian nationalists and Turkish activists in Razgrad.
Bulgarian nationalist forces tried to take advantage of the country’s hard economic and uncertain political conditions. In November 1990 massive protests were staged by Bulgarian nationalists in Razgrad area inhabited by a large number of Turks. The nationalists declared an “independent Bulgarian republic” and refused to recognize Sofia’s authority over the region. In late November the “Razgrad Republic” was renamed the Association of Free Bulgarian Cities, linking several towns with large Turkish population. The CDNI and other groups opposed restoration of Turkish names, Turkish language lessons in Bulgarian schools and the recognition of ethnic Turks as a national minority in Bulgaria.
These conditions forced the government to find a balance between Turkish demands and demonstrations for full recognition of their culture and language, and some Bulgarians' concerns about preferential treatment for the ethnic minority. In 1991 the most important issue of the controversy was restoring Turkish language teaching in the schools of Turkish ethnic districts. In 1991 the Popov government took initial steps in this direction, but long delays brought massive Turkish protests, especially in Kurdzhali. In mid-1991 continuing strikes and protests on both sides of the issue had brought no new discussions of compromise. Frustration with unmet promises encouraged Turkish separatists in both Bulgaria and Turkey, which in turn fueled the ethnocentric fears of the Bulgarian majority —and the entire issue diverted valuable energy from the national reform effort. The problem was mostly solved in 1991. In the same year a new constitution was adopted which guaranteed citizen with a native language other than Bulgarian the right to study and use their language.
Some developments noted by the US Department of State 2000 report include the fact that Turkish-language classes funded by the government continued, and that on 2 October 2000 Bulgarian national television launched Turkish-language newscasts.
Since 1992, the Turkish language teachers of Bulgaria have been trained in Turkey. At the initial stage only textbooks published in Turkey were used for teaching Turkish, later on, in 1996, Bulgaria's Ministry of Education and Science began publishing the manuals of the Turkish language. A number of newspapers and magazines are published: the «Müslümanlar» («Muslims»), «Hak ve Özgürlük» («Right and freedom»), «Güven» («Trust»), «Jır-Jır» («Cricket», a magazine for children), «Islam kültürü» («Islamic culture»), «Balon», «Filiz». In Turkey summer holidays for the Turkish children living in Bulgaria are organized. During the holidays the children are taught the Koran, Turkish literature, Turkish history and language [http://www.noravank.am/file/article/257_en.pdf].
The Movement for Rights and Freedoms.
At the end of 1984 an underground organization called the National Liberation Movement of the Turks in Bulgaria was formed in Bulgaria which headed the Turkish community's opposition movement. On January 4, 1990 the activists of the movement registered an organization with the legal name Movement for Rights and Freedom (MRF) (in Bulgarian: Движение за права и свободи: in Turkish: Hak ve Özgürlükler Hareketi) in Varna. At the moment of registration it had 33 members, at present, according to the organization's website, 68000 members plus 24000 in the organization's youth wing.[http://www.dps.bg/cgi-bin/e-cms/vis/vis.pl?s=001&p=0368&g=] 
With 120,000 members, the Movement for Rights and Freedoms (MRF) was the fourth largest political organization in Bulgaria in 1991, but it occupied a special place in the political process. The leader of the movement, Ahmed Dogan, was imprisoned in 1986. Founded in 1990 to represent the interests of the Turkish ethnic minority, the MRF gained twenty three seats in the first parliamentary election that year, giving it the fourth-largest parliamentary voting bloc. Its agenda precluded mass media coverage or building coalitions with other parties, because of the strong anti-Turkish element in Bulgaria's political culture. By mid-1991, the UDF had held only one joint demonstration with the MRF; their failure to reconcile differences was considered a major weakness in the opposition to the majority BSP. In early 1990, the MRF protested vigorously but unsuccessfully its exclusion from national round table discussions among the major Bulgarian parties.
In 1991 the MRF broadened its platform to embrace all issues of civil rights in Bulgaria, aiming "to contribute to the unity of the Bulgarian people and to the full and unequivocal compliance with the rights and freedoms of mankind and of all ethnic, religious, and cultural communities in Bulgaria." The MRF took this step partly to avoid the constitutional prohibition of political parties based on ethnic or religious groups. The group's specific goals were ensuring that the new constitution protect ethnic minorities adequately; introducing Turkish as an optional school subject; and bringing to trial the leaders of the assimilation campaign in the 1980s. To calm Bulgarian concerns, the MRF categorically renounced Islamic fundamentalism, terrorism, and ambitions for autonomy within Bulgaria.
In the first general elections in 1990 after the communist regime which the Muslims boycotted, the party won 6.0% of the popular vote and 24 out of 400 seats and became the fourth largest party in the parliament. In the parliamentary elections in 1991 it won 7.6% of the vote and remained with 24 seats in а 240-seat parliament. In the elections in 1994 it won 5.4% of the vote and its seats decreased to 15. In the elections in 1997 it won 7.6% of the vote and 19 out of 240 seats. It won in the elections in 2001 7.5% of the vote and 21 out of 240 seats. Subsequently, for the first time the party joined a coalition government, which was led by the winner of the elections (NDSV). Under the control of the party were 2 out of 17 Bulgarian ministries - the Ministry of Agriculture and Forests and the Minister without portfolio, the rest 15 remained under the control of NDSV. At the 2005 elections it increased to 12.8% of vote and 34 out of 240 seats and kept in power as a part of the coalition led by the BSP and NDSV party. The ministries under the control of the Movement of Rights and Freedoms increased to 3 out of 18. In the budget of 2008, MRF directed a large parts of the subsidies for agriculture to tobacco growers (which are predominantly Turks, Pomaks, and Romani) leaving staple crops, like wheat, without subsidies for buying the seed for sowing. This evoked protests by farmers in the regions of Vratsa, Knezha, and Dobrudzha. At the 2009 elections it increased to 14.0% of vote and 37 out of 240 seats. Following the election, the government was totally occupied by the decisive winner, the Citizens for European Development of Bulgaria party and the Movement for Rights and Freedoms returned to opposition after being part of coalition governments two consecutive terms between 2001 and 2009. At the 2009 European Parliament elections the party won 14.1% of the vote and 3 MEPs out of 18. Two of the MEPs are ethnic Turks (Filiz Husmenova and Metin Kazak) and one (Vladko Panayotov) is ethnic Bulgarian. According to exit polls of the Bulgarian parliamentary election in 2013, the Movement for Rights and Freedoms gained 11.3% of the vote, it keeps 36 seats and remains the third largest voting bloc. The party won the elections in five regions where the Muslim population resides - Kardzhali, Razgrad, Silistra, Targovishte and Shumen provinces; the party also wins abroad with 49% of the vote, in general the most polling stations and voters in a foreign country wherever were in Turkey, from where the party included 50,000 votes more to its result of 350,000 votes. One more Turkish party, founded in 2011 and headed by Korman Ismailov - People's Party Freedom and Dignity (PPFD) in a coalition with NDSV won 1.531% of the vote and therefore did not cross the 4% threshold to enter the parliament. Another political party founded in 1998 and representing a smaller fraction of the Turkish minority in Bulgaria is the National Movement for Rights and Freedoms (NMRF), which do not participate in the parliamentary elections. The party is headed by Güner Tahir and has on several occasions formed an alliance with the MRF during nationwide local elections. During the 1999 local elections the NMRF gained some 80 000 votes.
Turkish names of cities, towns, villages and geographical locations.
Over 3200 locations in Bulgaria are also known by some Turks in their Turkish names.
Demographics.
Distribution of the Turks in Bulgaria by provincess according to the 2011 census:
Religion.
Islamic identity remains strong and over 95% of the Turkish ethnic group identify as Muslim on the census, this is considered a main difference between the Turkish and the rest of the population in Bulgaria, especially the dominant Bulgarian ethnic group from which 95% declare Orthodox Christian identity on census. The Turks make up the basis or 74% of the Muslim community in Bulgaria, with most other Muslims being the Pomaks. In 2001, there were also about 10,000 Christian Turks, but unlike the Bulgarians, they are split nearly evenly among Orthodox, Catholics, and Protestants.
A table showing the results of the 2001 census in Bulgaria regarding religious self-identification:
Language.
A table showing the results of the 2001 census in Bulgaria regarding linguistic self-identification:
Literature by Turks in Bulgaria.
The Turks in Bulgaria have produced perhaps the most substantial amount of literature in Turkish language outside Turkey. The list of noted writers includes: Aşık Hıfzi, Hüseyin Raci Efendi, Ali Osman Ayrantok, Mehmet Müzekka Con, İzzet Dinç, Mustafa Serit Alyanak, Muharrem Yumuk Mehmet, Behçet Perim, Ali Kemal Balkanlı, Lütfi Erçin, Osman Kesikoğlu, Mehmet Fikri, Oğuz Peltek, Mehmet Muradov, Selim Bilalov, Osman Kılıç, Riza Mollov, Mustafa Kahveciev, Nuri Turgut Adalı, Yusuf Kerimov, Kemal Bunarciev, Salih Baklacıev, Süleyman Gavazov, Hasan Karahüseyinov, Sabri Tatov, Ahmet Timisev, Hüseyin Oğuz, Ahmet Şerifov, Mülazim Çavuşev, Mefkure Mollova, Niyazi Hüseyinov, Lütfi Demirov, Muharrem Tahsinov, Mehmet Bekirov, İshak Raşidov, Nadiye Ahmedova, Sabahattin Bayramov, Halit Aliosmanov, Mehmet Sansarov, İslam Beytullov, Ismail Çavusev, Turhan Rasiev, Ismail Yakubov, Naci Ferhadov, Mukaddes Akmonova – Saidova, Yasar Gafur, Ali Boncuk, Ahmet Mehmedov, Isa Cebeciev, Mustafa Aladag, Ahmet Eminov, Ibrahim Kamberoglu, İsmail Bekirov, Mehmet Davudov, Hüsmen İsmailov, Kazım Memişev, İsmail İbişev, Mehmet Çavuşev, Muhammet Yusufov, Yusuf Ahmedov, Recep Küpçüev, Nevzat Mehmedov, Ömer Osmanov, Ali Bayramov, Latif Aliev, Mustafa Mutkov, Ali Kadirov, Halim Halilibrahimov, Faik İsmailov, Ali Pirov, Mustafa Çetev, Süleyman Yusufov, Durhan Hasanov, Mehmet Memov, Nazmi Nuriev, Osman Azizov, Sabri İbrahimov, Ali Durmuşev, Alis Saidov, Fehim Şentürk, Fevzi Kadirov, Saban Mahmudov, Sahin Mustafaov, Latif Karagöz, Kadir Osmanov, Mustafa Ömer Asi, Ahmet Aptiev, Necmiye Mehmedova, Lamia Varnalı, Ahmet Aliev, Nevzat Yakubov, İsmet Bayramov, Nebiye İbrahimova, Ahmet Kadirov, Avni Veliev, Arzu Tahirova, Durhan Aliev, Saffet Eren, Emine Hocova, Aysel İsmailova Süleymanova, Kadriye Cesur, Nafize Habip, Naim Bakoğlu, Beyhan Nalbantov, Ali Tiryaki, Fatma Hüseyin
Distribution of Turkish dialects in Bulgaria.
There are two main dialects; the first one is spoken in every area in south-east Bulgaria and is also used in the neighbouring countries (Greece and Turkey). It can be identified from the second one by looking at the "present continuous time"; it has the suffix forms "-yirin, -yisin, -yiri". In formal Turkish they are "-yorum, -yorsun, -yor". In the second dialect, used near Kurdzhali, the forms are; "-værin, -væsin, -væri".

</doc>
<doc id="2893956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893956" title="Four Lane Ends Interchange">
Four Lane Ends Interchange

Four Lane Ends Metro station is a station on the Tyne and Wear Metro network. It forms part of a major transport interchange located on the boundary of North Tyneside and Newcastle upon Tyne in England.
Location.
The station is located at the junction of Benton Lane (A188), Benton Park Road (A191) and Front Street (A191). The crossroads has historically been important for traders, cattle drivers, and those transporting local salts and lime towards the shipyards and factories in Newcastle. In 2008-9 the interchange was used by over 900,000 passengers, of which over 500,000 can be attributed to Metro journeys.
Nearby employment sites such as the Benton Park View government complex at Longbenton, which houses DWP, HMRC offices and Quorum Business Park mean that the station is one of the most used on the Metro system. Regular bus services depart the interchange for destinations towards Killingworth, Newcastle city centre, Northumberland and Wallsend.
History.
The station was erected specifically to service the Metro light rail system, opening in August 1980, although built at the location of the long-closed Long Benton station (not to be confused with Longbenton), opened in 1864 and closing (when replaced by Benton) at the start of 1871, the last remains of which disappeared when Four Lane Ends was built.
Whilst the Tyne and Wear Passenger Transport Authority utilised existing stations where possible, such as at Whitley Bay and Tynemouth, new stations such as Four Lane Ends had a definite corporate look of rectangular blocks, light enamelled wall panels, and black roofing. The interchange was redeveloped in 2004 to include a multi-storey car park and improved facilities. Despite the redevelopment of the interchange the station concourse remains unchanged.

</doc>
<doc id="2893962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893962" title="Benton Metro station">
Benton Metro station

Benton Metro station is on the Tyne and Wear Metro Yellow line between Four Lane Ends and Palmersville. The railway station serves Benton in North Tyneside, just north of Newcastle upon Tyne, England.
The station originally opened on 1 March 1871 by the North Eastern Railway. Since 11 August 1980 it has been served exclusively by Metro trains.
Benton was the original terminus of the now defunct Red line, although short workings continued to operate as Yellow line services between Pelaw and Benton - especially in peak hours and during Saturday shopping hours. Since the opening of Northumberland Park station most of these short workings continue to Monkseaton.

</doc>
<doc id="2893963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893963" title="Charlo Airport">
Charlo Airport

Charlo Airport is located south-southeast of Charlo, New Brunswick, Canada.
The airport is classified as an airport of entry by NAV CANADA and is staffed by the Canada Border Services Agency. CBSA officers at this airport currently can handle general aviation aircraft only, with no more than 15 passengers.

</doc>
<doc id="2893964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893964" title="CYCL">
CYCL

CYCL may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2893969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893969" title="Roger Shepard">
Roger Shepard

Roger Newland Shepard (born January 30, 1929 in Palo Alto, California) is a cognitive scientist and author of the Universal Law of Generalization (1987). He is considered a father of research on spatial relations.
Shepard obtained his Ph.D. in psychology at Yale University in 1955 under Carl Hovland, and completed post-doctoral training with George Armitage Miller at Harvard. Subsequent to this, Shepard was at Bell Labs and then a professor at Harvard before joining the faculty at Stanford University. In 1995, Shepard received the National Medal of Science for his contributions in the field of cognitive science. In 2006, he also won the Rumelhart Prize. Shepard is Ray Lyman Wilbur Professor Emeritus of Social Science at Stanford University. 
His students include Lynn Cooper, Leda Cosmides, Rob Fish, Jennifer Freyd, Carol L. Krumhansl, Daniel Levitin, and Geoffrey Miller.
Shepard is one of the founders of the Kira Institute.

</doc>
<doc id="2893970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893970" title="List of patent case law">
List of patent case law

This list contains an alphabetical listing of historically significant or leading case law in the area of patent law. For a list of patent law cases in just the United States, click here.

</doc>
<doc id="2893971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893971" title="Melody Lacayanga">
Melody Lacayanga

Melody Lacayanga is a Filipino American dancer from Daly City, California. She was the runner-up in Season 1 of FOX's "So You Think You Can Dance". One of her close friends, Nick Lazzarini, was named the winner.
She is a trained jazz dancer. Among the other styles she performed on the show were hip hop, jive and Latin.
Lacayanga began dancing at age 5. At age 20, she moved from the San Francisco Bay Area to Los Angeles to try to pursue a dance career.
Melody currently dances for Sonya Tayeh, and will perform in her upcoming show entitled "Battles." She also works for iHollywood Dance, teaching classes and introducing their show at the end of the sessions. She later returns as All-Star on Season 8 and was the only All-Star from Season 1 and paired with Mitchell Kelly.
Melody is currently engaged to Irish musician and record producer Dean Earls.

</doc>
<doc id="2893978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893978" title="Mary Lee Settle">
Mary Lee Settle

Mary Lee Settle (July 29, 1918, Charleston, West Virginia – September 27, 2005, Ivy, Virginia) was an American writer.
She won the 1978 National Book Award for her novel "Blood Tie"(With essay by Rebecca Wolff from the Awards 60-year anniversary blog.)</ref> and was a founder of the annual PEN/Faulkner Award for Fiction.
Life.
She attended Sweet Briar College for two years, then moved to New York City in pursuit of a career as an actress and model, and tested for the part of Scarlett O'Hara in "Gone with the Wind". During World War II, she joined the British Women's Auxiliary Air Force, and then the Office of War Information. She taught at Bard College, the Iowa Writers' Workshop, and University of Virginia. She lived for many years in Canada, in England, and in Turkey.
Settle is most famous for a series of novels called "The Beulah Quintet" ("Prisons", "O Beulah Land", "Know Nothing", "The Scapegoat", "The Killing Ground"), which cover the history of West Virginia. She wrote several works of non-fiction".
Death.
She died of lung cancer in Ivy, Virginia while writing her last book.

</doc>
<doc id="2893991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893991" title="Palmersville Metro station">
Palmersville Metro station

Palmersville is a station on the Tyne and Wear Metro system, named for the nearby community. It was not one of the original Metro stations, and was opened on 19 March 1986, nearly six years after the Metro line. It is situated on the opposite side of the Great Lime Road bridge to the short-lived Benton Square station (opened 1 July 1909, closed 20 September 1915). Previously, the gap between Benton and Shiremoor had been the longest distance between stations on the system.
On the north side of the double-track Metro line is a single-track Network Rail freight line, used by trains to and from North Blyth and Lynemouth; proposals exist for the reinstatement of a National Rail passenger service over this route, as far as Ashington.
The station was used by 243,206 passengers in the period 2008-9.

</doc>
<doc id="2893995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2893995" title="Queen + Paul Rodgers">
Queen + Paul Rodgers

Queen + Paul Rodgers (sometimes referred to as Q+PR or QPR) were a supergroup collaboration between Queen members Brian May and Roger Taylor and Paul Rodgers formerly of Bad Company, Free, The Firm and The Law. Guitarist May had previously performed with Rodgers on several occasions, including a performance at the Royal Albert Hall.
It was made clear that Rodgers would not be replacing Queen's former lead singer, Freddie Mercury, who died on 24 November 1991. He would simply be "featured with" former Queen members. Former Queen bass guitarist John Deacon declined to participate in the collaboration due to his retirement in 1997. The group's three principal members May, Taylor and Rodgers were supplemented on tour by Queen's former touring keyboard player Spike Edney, rhythm guitarist Jamie Moses, and bass guitarist Danny Miranda who had previously worked with Blue Öyster Cult. Throughout their career the band completed two world tours, issued the first studio album for Queen in nearly 15 years entitled "The Cosmos Rocks", and released two live DVDs and a live album.
Rodgers announced in May 2009 that the 'Queen + Paul Rodgers' collaboration had come to an end, saying "it was never meant to be a permanent arrangement". He did, however, leave open the possibility for future collaborations.
Beginnings (2004).
The origins of the collaboration came when May played at the Fender Strat Pack concert in 2004. As he had done many times before (but beforehand nothing really happened as far as Queen were concerned), he joined Rodgers for a rendition of Free's classic, "All Right Now". After this, May spoke of a chemistry between the two of them. Following this, May invited Rodgers to play with Queen at their induction to the UK Music Hall of Fame where they played "We Will Rock You", "We Are the Champions" and "All Right Now". Again citing a new excitement with Rodgers, the three announced their world tour in 2005.
Return of the Champions Tour (2005–2006).
The group's first public performance was at a concert in South Africa in March 2005 in support of Nelson Mandela's 46664 AIDS awareness campaign. The tour began properly with a concert at the Brixton Academy venue in London, with tickets sold primarily to members of the official Queen fan club. An arena tour of Europe followed in spring 2005, with dates at venues such as Wembley Pavilion, Cardiff International Arena and Le Zénith in France. Four outdoor stadium dates were scheduled for the first time in Portugal at Estadio do Restelo (Att: 30,000), at Rhein-Energie Stadion in Cologne, Germany (Att:27,500), Gelredome in Arnhem, the Netherlands (Att:25,000) and at Hyde Park in the UK (Att:65,000) in the summer of 2005.
The Estadio do Restelo concert took place on 2 July 2005. The Queen + Paul Rodgers concert was planned to be one of the stages for Live 8 but only a message was sent before '39". Two songs were dedicated to Live 8. "Say It's Not True", a song by Taylor for Nelson Mandela's fight against HIV/AIDS in Africa, was introduced by Taylor in Lisbon: "This is a song from Nelson Mandela and for HIV/AIDS Africa, especially today on Live 8 day. This is a song to Lisbon." After this song, May dedicated '39" to Bob Geldof and introduced the song: "Olá Lisboa! I would like to make a salute to all our comrades and friends who are doing such a wonderful job and trying that children throughout the world are no longer hungry; let's make a big noise for Bob Geldof and Live 8".
The Hyde Park concert took place on 15 July 2005. The band and management gave away thousands of free tickets to emergency services people for helping in the aftermath of the 7 July 2005 London bombings, which caused the concert to be postponed by a week. British comedian Peter Kay, who had also appeared during the encore at their Manchester gig in May that year, warmed up the crowd, with the band Razorlight as the support act. The concert was attended by some 65,000 people, and Queen + Paul Rodgers performed for over 2 hours.
A typical set list mainly focused on Queen's best-known hits, with songs such as "Crazy Little Thing Called Love", "We Will Rock You", "We Are the Champions", and "Bohemian Rhapsody". In an interview published in the "San Jose Mercury News", Rodgers said that the one song they would not be able play while on tour was "Killer Queen", due to the fact that "the melodies are just too on the spot". The typical set also included some songs from the back catalogues of Free and Bad Company, such as "All Right Now", "Wishing Well", "Feel Like Making Love", and "Bad Company". May and Taylor sang lead on some songs. May: "Hammer to Fall" (the first part only), "Love of My Life", '39" (on which he sang lead on the studio version originally). Taylor: "Radio Ga Ga" (both verses and first two choruses), "These Are the Days of Our Lives", "Say It's Not True" (a new song), and "I'm in Love with My Car" (on which he sang lead on the studio version originally as well). Taylor often left the drum kit (the exception being "I'm in Love with My Car") while a drum machine played on "Radio Ga Ga" and "These Are the Days of Our Lives". For "Say It's Not True", he would be accompanied by auxiliary band members Miranda and Moses, who both played acoustic guitars (except for the 46664 concert, in which Taylor was accompanied by May and Moses – which was the only time May played guitar on this song during the tour).
In addition to well known favourites and hits, there were a number of occasional "surprise" additions to the setlist, including: "I Was Born to Love You" (Japan only), "Imagine" (John Lennon cover, Hyde Park only), "Teo Torriatte" (Japan only), "Too Much Love Will Kill You" (feat. Katie Melua, South Africa only), '"Long Away" (selected shows only), "Tavaszi Szel" (Budapest only) and "Let There Be Drums" (Sandy Nelson cover performed at most gigs). "Sunshine of Your Love" was played in Newcastle as testament to the Cream reunion gig in London going on at the same time (3 May). May had been present at the Cream show on 2 May, which possibly inspired him to do it. The band also added "Dragon Attack" to a number of shows on the 2006 North American tour.
Queen + Paul Rodgers followed the European tour with a series of performances in fall 2005, in such diverse locations as Aruba, Japan and the United States of America. Slash, former lead guitarist of the band Guns N' Roses and currently of Velvet Revolver, joined the band for "Can't Get Enough" during their show at the legendary Hollywood Bowl, the second of their two-show trial run in North America (22 October 2005).
In early 2006, Queen + Paul Rodgers played a 23-date tour of North America. The tour started at the American Airlines Arena in Miami (first Florida date since 1978, first USA shows since 1982) and ended with a sold-out performance in Vancouver, Canada (where they also covered the Jimi Hendrix song "Red House" – the only performance of this song on the tour).
The Cosmos Rocks (2006–2008).
On 15 August 2006, May confirmed through his website and fan club that Queen + Paul Rodgers would begin producing their first studio album beginning in October, to be recorded at a "secret location". The album, titled The Cosmos Rocks, was released in the European Union on 12 September 2008 and in the United States on 28 October 2008. This was to be Queens 16th studio album and the first since 1995's Made in Heaven.
Rock the Cosmos Tour (2008).
On 27 June 2008, Queen + Paul Rodgers performed at Hyde Park in London for Nelson Mandela's 90th birthday celebration. The performance included a portion of "One Vision", "Tie Your Mother Down", "Show Must Go On", "We Will Rock You", "We Are the Champions", and "All Right Now". Following this, the group embarked on the Rock The Cosmos Tour, opening on 12 September with an AIDS-benefit concert to an audience of over 350,000 people in Kharkiv, Ukraine. The tour then moved to Russia, before continuing around Europe. The concert in Ukraine was later made into a film for world AIDS day and subsequently DVD Live in Ukraine. This tour did include a rare performance of Las Palabras de Amor and the first ever live performance of Bijou.
Split (2009).
With a summer reunion tour with Bad Company looming, the singer told Billboard.com that the Queen + Paul Rodgers collaboration is, in effect, over, and without animosity. "At this point we're gonna sit back from this," Rodgers says. "My arrangement with (Queen's Brian May and Roger Taylor) was similar to my arrangement with Jimmy (Page) in The Firm in that it was never meant to be a permanent arrangement. I think we made a huge success of it, actually. We did two world tours and a couple of live recordings, and...made a studio album [...] which was pretty historical for (Queen's Brian May and Roger Taylor) because they hadn't really gone in the studio with anybody and recorded something like that for a very long time. So it was quite an achievement, I think."
Rodgers does not rule out the possibility of working together again, however. "It's kind of an open book, really. If they approach me to do something for charity, for instance, or something like that...I'd be very much into doing that, for sure."
Possible reunion.
In May 2011, Jane's Addiction vocalist Perry Farrell noted that Queen are currently scouting his once former and current live bassist Chris Chaney to join the band. Farrell stated: "I have to keep Chris away from Queen, who want him and they're not gonna get him unless we're not doing anything. Then they can have him."
In the same month, Rodgers stated he may tour with Queen again in the near future, stating that he enjoyed the collaboration and may work with them again soon. However, on 3 June, Brian May denied rumours of a reunion, saying: "There is no talk of that happening."
In April 2012, Paul Rodgers suggested that they will do some concerts in the future.
Other performances.
Queen + Paul Rodgers performed at the "VH1 Rock Honors" Show in 2006 performing "The Show Must Go On", "We Will Rock You" (with Dave Grohl and Taylor Hawkins on drums), "We Are the Champions" and "Under Pressure".
Queen + Paul Rodgers appeared on "Al Murray's Happy Hour" in April (2008) performing "C-lebrity" for the first time from their debut album "The Cosmos Rocks".
Queen + Paul Rodgers appear on Eminem's 2009 album Relapse. The song "Beautiful" samples "Reaching Out" which was used as Queen + Paul Rodgers's live show opener on the 2005-06 tour. "Reaching Out" was originally released as a charity single by Rock Therapy, a band which contained both Rodgers and May.
Media releases.
Queen + Paul Rodgers released a single for World AIDS Day (1 December) in 2007. The track, "Say It's Not True", written by Roger Taylor became first available for free download on 30 November, and was subsequently released as a proper CD single on 31 December.
Previously, Queen + Paul Rodgers have released a live CD called "Return of the Champions" and a DVD of the same name. Both featured recordings from their Sheffield Hallam FM Arena concert on 9 May 2005. The DVD also features a cover of John Lennon's "Imagine" from Hyde Park. A single featuring "Reaching Out"/"Tie Your Mother Down"/"Fat Bottomed Girls" was also released. In addition, an American promo featuring two tracks taken from the Italian leg of the European tour was available with some copies of "Return of the Champions".
Soundboard recordings exist of all European shows, except those in Ireland and Sweden. Sheffield, Lisbon, Hyde Park and possibly Budapest concerts were professionally filmed. The Tokyo show on 26 October 2005 was also professionally filmed and televised, and later released on DVD exclusively in Japan in April 2006, entitled "Super Live in Japan". Many soundboard recordings of tracks were released for download on the Queen official website, with blank Q+PR CD-Rs to burn these tracks available for purchase.
There are also many bootlegs from nearly every show of the 2005/2006 tour in audio, and some video.
Discography.
Film.
Produced by NCM Fathom and Disney’s Hollywood Records. A concert movie captured live 12 September from Ukraine in Kharkiv's Freedom Square before 350,000 fans. It was shown in U.S. movie theatres one night only – Thursday, 6 November 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="2894001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894001" title="Shiremoor Metro station">
Shiremoor Metro station

Shiremoor Metro station is on the Yellow Line of the Tyne and Wear Metro, serving the village of Shiremoor, in North Tyneside, England. The station opened in 1980, as part of the first stage of the Metro system. It was a brand-new station, and replaced Backworth. In the 2008-9 period the station was used by around 375,000 passengers.

</doc>
<doc id="2894007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894007" title="Tabitha Lenox">
Tabitha Lenox

Tabitha Lenox is a fictional character and one of the main antagonists from the NBC/DirecTV daytime drama "Passions". Tabitha has been played by Juliet Mills since the show's debut in 1999. Mills continued in the role when the show moved from NBC to DirecTV's The 101 in September 2007. Jane Carr portrayed Tabitha's voice and served as a body double for a time when Mills was on vacation in 2006. In June 2007, Tabitha recalled her youthful days at a magic academy in which the role of young Tabitha was played by Kim Huber.
In 2001, HarperEntertainment released "Hidden Passions", a tie-in novelization presented as Tabitha's diary, exposing the secrets and pasts of the town's residents. "Passions" featured a storyline involving Tabitha and Timmy promoting the book, which reached #4 on the real-life "New York Times" Best Seller list and garnered the series two alternative covers of "TV Guide" in July 2001.
History.
Tabitha Lenox is a witch residing for well over 300 years in the Eastern seaport town of Harmony. She is known to be virtually immortal; that when one body dies she is later reborn in another, identical body. It is known that she has witnessed and/or participated in numerous historical events. She claims to have been the child of a mortal father Darrin Lenox and a Witch mother named Samantha. As a child, Tabitha had green skin because on her mother's side of the family she was descended from a Frog Prince. Her early life is unknown though as a young adult in Magic Academy she was teased because of her skin color. A loner because of this, Tabitha was an avid student of dark magic and gradually befriended another young witch Esmeralda.
Though Esmeralda at first teased Tabitha, the two eventually formed a wary friendship. Esmeralda even helped Tabitha hide her green skin with make-up. Eventually Tabitha used her own magic to maintain a permanent Caucasian complexion. Though the two witches bonded somewhat, Tabitha wanted to excel further into the Black Arts and eventually left the academy to pursue a life of evil but not before saying good bye to her friend Esmeralda.
Tabitha is next known to have existed in Ancient Rome as Cleopatra's handmaiden, claiming to have supplied the Egyptian queen with the asp that killed her. Tabitha claims to have been the party planner for Roman Emperor Caligula, known for his alleged extravagance and debauchery. At an unspecified time in the Middle Ages, she lived in Europe with her witchly rival, Hecuba. She also randomly claims to have lived through countless historical events and drops the names of an endless series of celebrity suitors and comrades. Tabitha claims responsibility for many historic disasters, among them the destruction of Pompeii, the Black Plague, the great fire of London, the 1755 Lisbon earthquake, the Great Chicago Fire, the San Francisco earthquake of 1906, and the sinking of the "Titanic". In Harmony in the late 17th century, her witchery was exposed by Prudence Standish and the townspeople of Harmony burned her at the stake. After her resurrection, Tabitha vowed vengeance on the unwary descendants of those early Harmony settlers, especially the Cranes.
Tabitha has lived for an unspecified amount of time in a ramshackle, Victorian house in Harmony. Older residents of the town, including Sam Bennett and Pilar Lopez-Fitzgerald, often comment on the fact that she looks the same as she did when they were children or when they first came to Harmony; Tabitha's usual cover story is to say they must be remembering her mother, and that the name "Tabitha" is a traditional family name. What few Harmony residents believe or understand is that Tabitha harbors the Dark Forces in her basement, a collection of demonic evildoers and devils who oversee Tabitha's wicked doings on Earth. Alternately called "the Dark Side" or "the Boys in the Basement", the Dark Forces sometimes appear to Tabitha, giving her orders or scolding her when her schemes go awry. Generally, they keep to themselves, usually eavesdropping on what is said in her house, and protesting with a loud foghorn-like sound and smoke issuing from the vents, (which Tabitha tries to pass off as a leaky boiler).
Tabitha's former companion was Timmy, a doll she had created and brought to life. Timmy had had many incarnations over the centuries, always being stitched back together and brought back to life when met with misfortune. He had cavorted with his Tabby on all of her historical capers, including the sinking of the Titanic. His latest incarnation was in 1999, when Tabitha once again brought him to life to do her bidding. His mission in this lifetime was to help Tabitha destroy Charity Standish, a young girl with the ultimate powers of good. Tabitha was ordered by the Dark Forces to destroy Charity in order to keep her from mating with her one true love, Miguel Lopez-Fitzgerald, which would supposedly trigger her full powers of goodness, thereby eradicating all evil from the universe forever, and presumably, Tabitha as well. However, on meeting Charity for the first time, Timmy was smitten by her and never could quite bring himself to do her any harm. In those days, Tabitha carried Timmy, in doll form, under her arm as she went about her business around town. At times Timmy would mischievously come to life and cause the townspeople to check their senses, especially Julian Crane and Reese Durkee, both of whom would swear the doll was alive, although no one else ever believed them.
Another member of the "family" was Fluffy, Tabitha's enormous and not-so-nice house cat, who loved to pounce on Timmy and rip out his stuffings.
Tabitha at one time tried to kill Charity by setting fire to her house and trapping her inside. She succeeded in killing Charity's mother, Faith, but Charity was rescued in the nick of time by Miguel. As a result of her failure, the Dark Forces punished Tabitha by removing most of her powers, agreeing to restore them upon Tabitha's eventual destruction of Charity.
Scheme after scheme backfired for Tabitha, but she did at least manage to keep Charity and her true love Miguel from sleeping together, therefore keeping Charity's full powers in check. As money begin to dwindle in the witchcraft-free household, the impulsive Timmy submitted Tabitha's tell-all expose' of Harmony's citizens, "Hidden Passions", to Harper-Collins publishers. The book became an overnight best-seller, forcing Tabitha to flee Harmony before the fallout exposed her as a witch. Stumbling into a weather-beaten hotel out west, Timmy and Tabby met Norma Bates, the proprietor of said hotel. In a gender-switching send-up of Alfred Hitchcock's "Psycho", it was discovered that Norma kept her deceased father's skeleton in the house, and talked to him as if he were still alive. At some point, Tabby and Timmy decapitated the father's skull off the skeleton, sending the deranged Norma into such a fury that she actually blamed Tabitha for her father's death, and still pursues her to this day.
Tabitha and Timmy eventually returned to Harmony, but their peace was short-lived, as the Bennetts, their house having been sucked into hell through one of Hecuba's schemes, moved into the Lenox residence. Tabitha uncomfortably resided with the Bennetts for the next six months, and was happy to get rid of them after their house was rebuilt.
After Tabitha cast a spell onto all copies of the book "Hidden Passions" that made the reader forget its contents, Tabitha safely returned to Harmony and resumed her plot against Charity. Timmy wished upon a star to become mortal, and the angel girl granted his wish. Tabitha passed him off as her nephew and they continued to live in her house. She found an unwitting ally in Kay Bennett, a young next-door neighbor who coveted Miguel for herself and therefore hated her cousin Charity. Kay sold her soul to Hecuba in order to secure Hecuba's magical help in winning Miguel's affections. After a few dead ends, Kay then was given a spell that froze Charity in a block of ice, while an evil doppelgänger, Zombie Charity, took her place. In order to save the real Charity, the by-now human Timmy took it upon himself to save her. Making his way across an enchanted countryside with Julian Crane, he secured the Demon's Horn, a magical device that could destroy the zombie version of Charity and restore the real Charity. Upon using the device, however, the eruption of dark magical forces killed Timmy. Charity, having been freed from the block of ice, was found to be dying from her months-long ordeal. A heart transplant was required, and Tabitha reluctantly allowed Timmy's heart to be inserted in place of Charity's. Charity survived, and thereafter Tabitha's hatred toward Charity was somewhat tempered by the knowledge that her beloved Timmy's heart beat in place of Charity's.
Zombie Charity returned briefly as a ghost, just long enough to con Tabitha into bringing another doll to life to replace Timmy. The second doll, Cracked Connie, in turn brought another doll to life as a boyfriend for herself. Demented Cecil therefore briefly joined the "family", but these subsequent dolls were considered pests by Tabitha and quickly left the unhappy household. Concurrently, Tabitha and Julian Crane commiserated over the loss of Timmy, and wound up making magical whoopee. The outcome of their liaison produced a daughter, Endora.
Endora, while initially being mocked by the magical community for having a mortal father, then showed that half-mortal or not, she was one powerful witch. In the summer of 2005, while innocently crossing magical forces with Tabitha's, the fallout inadvertently created a major earthquake and tsunami off the coast of Harmony, submerging the town for days and causing untold damage.
Julian, dimly aware that he must have been Endora's father, often offered to support Tabitha and Endora financially, stopping short of a public admission of her parentage. Tabitha however, wanted nothing further to do with Julian and has so far kept him at bay. In 2006, Julian's ex-wife Ivy Winthrop discovered the secret of Endora's parentage, but has so far kept silent about the matter.
Kay Bennett, pregnant with Miguel's child and unhappy with her home situation, moved in with Tabitha. When Kay's daughter Maria was born, the two single mothers raised their very different daughters together. At some point, Kay discovered that Tabitha was a witch and very often forced her to cast spells on her behalf, most of which eventually backfired.
Tabitha, having never fully recovered the loss of her own powers, often had Endora cast spells for her. In 2006, Endora's childish spell revolved around bringing a mermaid, Siren, to life from a doll in order to supply Miguel with a girlfriend after Charity had left town. The crowded Lenox household then consisted of Tabitha, Endora, with Kay, Kay's fiancé' Fox, Miguel and Siren, and of course, Fluffy. Eventually fed up with the mermaid's wanton ways, Endora zapped her back into a doll and currently keeps her hidden away in a fish tank.
After contracting a strange "witch's illness" in the fall of 2006, Tabitha left Harmony briefly for therapy on the rings of Saturn, returning very relaxed and much more powerful than before. In January 2007 a fake Charity Standish appeared in Harmony, and Tabitha at first thought she was the real thing. When Kay revealed to her that she saw Charity and Miguel having sex in the shed, Tabitha wondered why she and the Dark Forces hadn't been destroyed. Tabitha later found out that the Charity walking around town was fake, so she didn't have to flee Harmony with Endora and Fluffy on her personal spaceship located in Area 51.
Tabitha was nearly reclassified by the Witch's Council as a good witch. Loudly reaffirming her dedication to the Dark Side, Tabitha stood her ground. However, the Witch's Council declared her an unfit mother and kidnapped Endora, intending to raise her a real bad witch. Tabitha and Kay formed a rescue party, in which Kay finally discovered that she too had magic powers. However, Tabitha soon realized that Kay, while powerful, was utterly unskilled in the magic arts, as every spell she cast led to disaster. Eventually she conjured up an evil Demon Elf which plagued the Lenox household—not to mention the rest of Harmony. Tabitha, fearing reprisal from the Witch's Council and the elf's wicked mischief, decided to send Endora away from Harmony to her old nemesis Esmeralda's school for good witches.
Not long after, Tabitha went to check on Endora through a magic portal (secretly followed by Julian), and she discovered two of the Witch's Council members fighting Esmeralda with Endora in the middle. In the end, Tabitha, Esmeralda, Endora and Julian used the power of love to destroy the two hags. That was when Julian discovered that Tabitha and Endora were witches.
Later Endora, along with Miguel, were sucked into Hell or some other evil dimension by the Boys in the Basement. Tabitha later received a ransom from the Dark Side saying she and Kay must become bad witches to get their loved ones back. So, Tabitha unleashed the rottenness within, trying to break up loving couples in Harmony.
Kay grew angry at Tabitha's antics and responded by shrinking her and trapping her in a fast food bag. On Halloween 2007, she said she managed to escape the bag before Ivy squished it. In early 2008, Miguel, rescued from Hell along with Endora, finally discovered that both Tabitha and Kay were witches, and tried to make them vow not to use dark magic again. But with mischief and madness running rampant in Harmony, not to mention the constant presence of the Demon Elf, can Tabby and Kay keep true to their word?
Later on, Tabitha looks into her magic bowl and saw the future of Kay, Miguel, Noah, and Paloma wedding and knows the wedding is going to be a disaster. After she saw the future of the double wedding her magic bowl showed her that Ethan and Gwen are going to renew their wedding vows and then saw that someone is going to stop their wedding. When she saw Theresa, her eyes popped out and realized that Theresa is alive.
Meanwhile, with the Death of Alistair Crane, Tabitha's Book of Disasters predicted that Harmony would be destroyed by Mother Nature when the ocean rises and takes Harmony away. She decides to leave town. She is able to put the disaster off for a little while as she arranges to stay down south with Nurse Precious. She also tells Edna and Norma to leave town as well. Meanwhile, she sells her house to Juanita Vasquez. Before she leaves, she must bring Endora to realize that they must leave. She enlists the help of Esme. Esme realizes that Tabitha is a witch. Eventually, as Tabitha prepares to leave, Vincent Crane and Viki try to poison everyone in town. After the citizens of Harmony all die, Esme, being one of the few survivors, came to ask Tabitha for help. Although reluctant, Tabitha is convinced by Endora to save everyone, including Julian. Tabitha enters the church, and begins to pray. The forces of darkness and goodness battle, and Tabitha looses all of her powers to the Good side. She didn't tell anyone, because people would be scared of her. Tabitha was able to attend Kay Bennett's Wedding. She also performs a symbolic wedding for Edna and Norma. The Dark side, represented by the Demon elf, comes to destroy Tabitha for her ineffectiveness at killing Charity and embrace of goodness. However, Endora embraces her love for her mother and defeats the demon. Mt. Harmony, a volcano in Harmony, begins to erupt. She and Kay attempt to stop it. Tabitha is zapped to the Church. Kay, however, goes to heaven and meets with Timmy.
Timmy tells Kay that Tabitha must become a Christian. Tabitha reluctantly agrees and confesses over 400 years of sin to Father Lonigan. Father Lonigan baptizes Tabitha and she feels something new—a real happiness. She says that she feels genuine happiness because it is of the Lord. She says that she will dwell in the house of the Lord forever. Endora says that she will have eternal life like Timmy. Tabitha says that there is only good magic in Harmony now. She then reminisces about Timmy, and his hand reaches to her from heaven. As the series wraps, Tabitha looks on the new life ahead of her.
The "Bewitched" connection.
In the "Passions" universe, the television show "Bewitched" (1964–1972) is alternately presented as both fantasy and in-universe fact. "Bewitched" featured a witch named Samantha married to a mortal named Darrin, with their daughter named Tabitha, Samantha's witch mother named Endora, and Samantha's ditzy witch friend named Esmerelda. At times "Passions" Tabitha is seen watching the program as if it is fictional; at other times she refers to the "Bewitched" characters as if they are all real to her. Tabitha is acquainted with "Bewitched" character Dr. Bombay, who has made two appearances on the show and in both cases implies that "Bewitched" storylines exist in the same reality as "Passions". Tabitha claims that her mother had been named "Samantha" and been married to a mortal named "Darrin," and names her daughter "Endora."

</doc>
<doc id="2894014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894014" title="Scott Dunbier">
Scott Dunbier

Scott Dunbier is an American comic book editor, best known as the Special Projects Editor at IDW Publishing.
Career.
Dunbier rose to prominence in the comic book industry as executive editor of the Wildstorm comic book line. After several years as a dealer in original comic book artwork during the 1980s and 1990s, Dunbier began with Wildstorm in 1995 as Special Projects Editor. Two years later, he was named Editor-in-Chief, a title which was changed to Group Editor when Wildstorm became a part of DC Comics.
Among the many projects Dunbier edited for Wildstorm were Alan Moore's America's Best Comics line ( including "Promethea", "Tom Strong", "The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen" & "Top 10"), "Arrowsmith" and "Challengers of the Unknown".
At Wildstorm, he also created the Absolute line of hardcover reprints, beginning with "Absolute Authority vol. 1" in 2002.
Dunbier joined IDW Publishing as Special Projects Editor on April 1, 2008.
He is responsible for creating IDW's award-winning "Artist's Edition" line of hardcover reprint books.

</doc>
<doc id="2894041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894041" title="Isabel Letham">
Isabel Letham

Isabel Letham (23 May 1899 – 11 March 1995) was an Australian pioneer surfboard rider and swimming instructor, renowned as 'the first Australian to ride a surfboard' (although she disputed that claim). In 1915 at Freshwater Beach, Sydney she experimented riding a board in the Hawaiian tradition in tandem with Duke Kahanamoku.
Kahanamoku had been invited to Australia by the NSW Swimming Association. He hadn't brought a board so Letham's father William Letham helped him make one from sugar pine. At Freshwater Beach Kahanamoku gave a 3 hour demonstration of "Hawaiian-style surf shooting" to a crowd of several hundred people. Australians had been bodyboarding on wooden boards, and bodysurfing, but not standing up.
At the end of the session Kahanamoku invited Letham from the crowd for a tandem surfing demonstration. Letham was 15 at the time, but an accomplished swimmer and bodysurfer, and known as something of a tomboy. On the first few waves they paddled for she yelled for him to stop because it felt like going off a cliff. Being a gentleman Kahanamoku did stop, but then ignored her cries, went anyway, and hauled her up. They rode four waves that day and Letham was, as she later said "hooked for life".
Letham went on to become an accomplished surfer, and to teach surfing and swimming.

</doc>
<doc id="2894042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894042" title="Zionist Churches">
Zionist Churches

Zionist Churches are a group of Christian denominations that derive from the Christian Catholic Apostolic Church in Zion, Illinois. Missionaries from the church came to South Africa in 1904 and among their first recruits were Pieter Louis le Roux and Daniel Nkonyane of Wakkerstroom who continued to evangelize after the Zionist missionaries left in 1908. 
The Zionist Churches proliferated throughout southern Africa, and became African Independent Churches; research in 1996 suggested that 40% of all black South Africans belonged to a Zionist church. 
The church is unrelated to the Jewish political movement of Zionism.
Origins.
Zionist beliefs grew out of late-nineteenth and early-twentieth religious missions to southern Africa. In particular the churches owe their origins to the Christian Catholic Apostolic Church of John Alexander Dowie, based in Zion, Illinois in the United States. 
The arrival of Dowie's emissary, Daniel Bryant, in 1904 led to the formation of a formal Zionist church. Prior to this, two concentrations of sympathizers, energized by Dowie's publication, "Leaves of Healing", had existed on the Witwatersrand and at Wakkerstroom in the Transvaal. This initial Zionist church did not flourish for long due to Dowie's disgracing in America. In 1908, however, the arrival of the former Zionist-turned-Pentecostal John G Lake led to most former Zionists embracing the newly formed Apostolic Faith Mission. The vast majority of all Zionist sects derive from secessions from the Apostolic Faith Mission, which fused Pentecostalism with Dowie's Zionist ideas about faith healing.
Several key African-led secessions from the AFM led to the explosion of Zionist sects in the 1910s and 1920s. The first was led by Daniel Nkonyane, who was Le Roux's deputy in Wakkerstroom. In 1908 Le Roux became an important AFM official and spent most of his time in the Johannesburg headquarters thereafter. In his absence Nkonyane took effective control and insisted on several key changes to doctrine. Perhaps most importantly, he stressed the need for his followers to propitiate their ancestors--a practice abhorred by the AFM and most Christian denominations. Nkonyane maintained that “Whoever forsakes his ancestors is also forsaken by his ancestors and he becomes an easy prey for disease.” Secondly, he insisted that the form of ornate religious dress worn by Dowie, including robes, staffs, and other paraphernalia, should be used in his congregation. In 1910 Nkonyane's defiance versus the AFM and local authorities led to his expulsion from Wakkerstroom. Eventually, he and about two-thirds of the Wakkerstroom congregation pooled their resources and obtained freehold property in Charlestown, Natal, where they built the first South African "Zion". Many dozens of offshoots from Nkonyane's church formed small Zionist churches, especially in Swaziland and Natal. 
The next significant secession from the AFM was by a little-known member, Isaiah Shembe. Shembe was a member of the AFM for only a year in the Orange Free State, when the Ethiopian church that he preached for joined the AFM en masse. In 1911 Shembe left the Free State and moved to Natal, where he used the AFM's faith healing techniques to build up a following across the province. Harnessing the meager resources of his followers, he formed the Narazeth Baptist Church and purchased freehold land at Ekuphakameni, the second South African "Zion". Shembe's Nazarite church was to become the largest Zionist congregation until eclipsed by the Zion Christian Church in the 1950s. Shembe's church was distinct from most other Zionist sects in that he insisted that he was a prophet sent directly from God to the Zulu nation. Most other Zionists were distinctly non-ethnic in outlook. 
Edward Lion's Zion Apostolic Faith Mission (ZAFM) was also a critical early Zionist sect. Lion, an early Zionist convert, was appointed AFM leader in Basutoland in 1912. Prior to this Lion had received extensive training as a faith healer by John G Lake. After obtaining land from a sympathetic chief, Lion began to build his own Zion in Kolonyama, Basutoland, and formed ZAFM in 1917. Still under the AFM umbrella, he moved his followers to Kolonyama in 1920, and had an increasingly fractious relationship with the AFM until he was expelled in 1923. A number of doctrinal innovations, including sexual confession, brought him negative attention from the authorities, and Lion was eventually jailed for rape and subsequently expelled from Basutoland in 1927. Following his expulsion, Lion raised funds by garnishing his congregations' wages and bought several pieces of freehold land in the Transvaal that he attempted to turn into another "Zion". Lion's organization failed to grow significantly after his expulsion. Among its more important offshoots was the Zion Christian Church, whose founder, Engenas Lekganyane, was Lion's Transvaal leader in the early 1920s.
Succession disputes.
Schisms and succession disputes during the twentieth century led to the foundation of thousands of different congregations, of which the largest is the Zion Christian Church, with around 3 million followers, led by Barnabas Lekganyane.
Characteristics of Zionist churches.
Zionist churches are characterised by the following features:
See also.
African Initiated Church

</doc>
<doc id="2894055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894055" title="International Psychoanalytical Association">
International Psychoanalytical Association

The International Psychoanalytical Association (IPA) is an association including 12,000 psychoanalysts as members and works with 70 constituent organizations. It was founded in 1910 by Sigmund Freud, on an idea proposed by Sándor Ferenczi. Its first President was Carl Jung and its first Secretary was Otto Rank. 
The IPA is the world’s primary accrediting and regulatory body for psychoanalysis. Its mission is to assure the continued vigour and development of psychoanalysis for the benefit of psychoanalytic patients. 
The IPA's aims include creating new psychoanalytic groups, stimulating debate, conducting research, developing training policies and establishing links with other bodies. It organizes a large biennial Congress which is open to all.
History.
In 1902 Sigmund Freud started to meet every week with colleagues to discuss his work and so "Psychological Wednesday Society" was born. By 1908 there were 14 regular members and some guests including Max Eitingon, Carl Jung, Karl Abraham, and Ernest Jones, all future Presidents of the IPA.
"Society" became the "Vienna Psychoanalytical Society".
In 1907 Jones suggested to Jung that an international meeting should be arranged and Freud welcomed the proposal. Meeting took place in Salzburg, on 27 April 1908 and Jung named it the "First Congress for Freudian Psychology" and it is later reckoned to be the first International Psychoanalytical Congress, even so the IPA had not yet been founded.
IPA was established at the next Congress held at Nuremberg in March 1910. Sigmund Freud considered an international organization to be essential to advance his ideas. In 1914 Freud published a paper entitled .
The IPA is incorporated in England, where it is a company limited by guarantee and also a registered charity. Its administrative offices are at Broomhills in North London.
Regional organizations.
There is a Regional Organisation for each of the IPA’s 3 regions:
Each of these three bodies consists of Constituent Organisations and Study Groups that are part of that IPA region. The IPA has a close working relationship with each of these independent organisations and values them highly, but they are not officially or legally part of the IPA.
Constituent organizations.
The IPA's members qualify for membership by being a member of a "constituent organisation" (or the sole regional association).
Constituent Organisations 
IPA Study Groups.
"Study Groups" are bodies of analysts which have not yet developed sufficiently to be a freestanding society, but that is their aim.
Allied Centres.
"Allied Centres" are groups of people with an interest in psychoanalysis, in places where there are not already societies or study groups.
International Congresses.
The first 23 Congresses of IPA did not have a specific theme. 

</doc>
<doc id="2894068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894068" title="Oklahoma Educational Television Authority">
Oklahoma Educational Television Authority

The Oklahoma Educational Television Authority (or OETA) is a state network of PBS member stations covering the state of Oklahoma. Operated by an independent board of gubernatorial appointees and university and education officials. The board is linked to the executive branch through the Secretary of Education of the Government of Oklahoma. The OETA network's main offices and production facilities are located on North Kelley Avenue in Oklahoma City (adjacent to the studios of that market's CBS affiliate KWTV-DT, channel 9), with a satellite studio in Tulsa that is located on the campus of Oklahoma State University–Tulsa.
OETA is available on all cable television providers within the state of Oklahoma, including Cox Communications (which services the Oklahoma City, Norman and Tulsa areas). DirecTV and Dish Network also offer OETA on their local station packages (KETA is carried on both providers in the Oklahoma City market, KOED in the Tulsa market and KOET for subscribers in the Fort Smith, Arkansas market).
History.
OETA traces its history to 1953, when the Oklahoma Legislature created it via statute. It was charged with providing educational television programming to Oklahomans on a coordinated statewide basis, made possible with cooperation from the state's educational, government and cultural agencies. After securing a license from the Federal Communications Commission and funding from various special interest groups, Oklahoma City's KETA was finally able to sign on the air as the nation's 11th educational television station (and the first non-commercial station in Oklahoma) on April 13, 1956. It was originally a member station of National Educational Television, until NET was replaced by the Public Broadcasting Service in 1970, taking over many of the functions of its predecessor.
Three more stations signed on the course of 19 years (with a statewide network of translators also being built during this timeframe), extending OETA's programming to portions of Kansas, Missouri, Arkansas and Texas. A satellite station of KETA in Tulsa, KOED-TV (channel 11), went on the air on January 12, 1959. When KOED began operations, OETA became the second operational educational television state network in the United States (after Alabama Educational Television, now Alabama Public Television). On December 1, 1977, KOET (channel 3) in Eufaula joined the state network as a satellite of KOED-TV, in order to serve areas of east-central Oklahoma (in some areas of that portion of the state, the northern fringes of KOET's over-the-air signal coverage overlap with that of KOED, and in other areas on the western fringe of its coverage area with KETA's signal). Finally, on August 6, 1978, KWET (channel 12) in Cheyenne signed on to serve west-central and southwestern Oklahoma, and a small portion of the eastern Texas Panhandle.
OETA's full-power stations cover roughly 80% of Oklahoma's geographic population. The only parts of the state that are not served by a full-power OETA member station are the panhandle, and the northwestern, south-central and southeastern parts of the state – low-power translators that relay the individual feeds of each of the four full-power member stations service these areas of Oklahoma instead. In 2003, the four OETA member stations began operating digital signals; in 2005, OETA began broadcasting select PBS programs in high definition. In 2006, the organization launched a full-time digital channel, OETA OKLA, devoted to local and regional programs, along with select PBS content. In December 2008, OETA began producing most of its locally produced productions in high definition.
As part of the digital television transition, on February 17, 2009 (the original date for all U.S. full-power television stations to switch to digital-only broadcasts), KETA and KOED shut down their analog signals. This was followed six weeks later on March 31, 2009, by the discontinuance of KWET and KOET's analog signals. All the low-power translator stations then switched to digital-only broadcast on June 12, 2009 (the rescheduled date for the switch to digital broadcasts on full-power stations). In March 2011, OETA moved its Tulsa operations into a new facility on the campus of Oklahoma State University–Tulsa.
Purchase of KAUT.
In 1991, OETA acquired Fox affiliate KAUT-TV (channel 43) in Oklahoma City from Heritage Media; Heritage in turn purchased KOKH-TV (channel 25) and migrated KAUT's Fox affiliation, syndicated programming inventory and other intellectual property to that station, in addition to acquiring the channel 25 license. On August 15, 1991, channel 43 flipped to a non-commercial educational programming format as a PBS member station (the second in the area after OETA flagship KETA-TV); the deal was similar to a 1988 sale attempt by Pappas Telecasting Companies, which proposed that KGMC (channel 34, now KOCB) and KAUT's programming inventories – along with KAUT's Fox affiliation – would be moved to independent station KOKH, with fellow independent KOCB becoming a Home Shopping Network affiliate, while KAUT became an educational station. The Pappas deal fell through in 1989, and the three stations continued on as rival commercial stations until 1991, when Heritage traded KAUT to OETA.
In 1992, the station's callsign was changed to KTLC to reflect its on-air branding as "The Literacy Channel" (a relatively oxymoronic branding as the station's emphasis, while educational in form, was not entirely focused on literacy). As a PBS station, KTLC ran fitness programs on weekday mornings, and instructional programs and select PBS series during the late evening hours, with children's programs filling much of the schedule from mid-morning to early evening (this, in particular, was atypical as most other PBS stations air children's programs only during the daytime hours on their main signals). Much of the PBS programs seen on the station during this time frame were rebroadcast from OETA. KTLC reduced its broadcasting hours under OETA ownership, signing off nightly at 12 a.m. following OETA's own scheduled sign-off on weeknights at the time; the station's weekend schedule (which maintained the same broadcast hours as on weekdays) was pared back significantly in 1995, as it began broadcasting from 4 p.m. to 12 a.m. (cable providers in the market carried other channels during channel 43's off-hours on the station's designated channel slot; in Oklahoma City proper, KTLC shared a channel slot with QVC on Cox Cable channel 13 – that slot suffered from significant interference as KETA's analog signal had broadcast on VHF channel 13). The difficulties in running two stations in the Oklahoma City market resulted in OETA's decision to sell channel 43;
Paramount Stations Group purchased KTLC for $23.5 million on January 8, 1998, with OETA using the proceeds from the sale to fund the construction of a digital broadcast transmitter for KETA. Paramount's purchase of the station resulted from UPN's displacement from KOCB (which left Oklahoma City without a UPN affiliate for six months) due to a 1997 affiliation agreement between its owner Sinclair Broadcast Group and The WB involving Sinclair's five UPN affiliates and several independent stations; KOCB joined The WB on January 25, 1998. Paramount reverted the station back into a general entertainment format as the market's new UPN affiliate KPSG on June 19 of that year (the station was originally slated to join UPN on June 1, technical difficulties postponed the rescheduled June 13 switch by one more week). As a condition of the sale, channel 43 was required to run eight-hour simulcast blocks of OETA's annual pledge drives each weekend during March and August for five years, and PBS educational shows from 7 a.m. to noon after joining UPN – the station however dropped all PBS programming by 2001 (KAUT-TV is now an independent station owned by Tribune Broadcasting).
Stations.
Translators.
Direct repeaters of KOET:
Direct repeaters of KETA:
Direct repeaters of KWET:
OETA does not operate any translator stations in northeastern Oklahoma that repeat the signal of KOED-TV, as that region receives adequate over-the-air signal coverage from KOED and KOET, coupled with the fact that the signals of fellow PBS member stations KOZJ in Joplin, Missouri and KAFT in Fayetteville, Arkansas reach into portions of northeastern Oklahoma, including overlap in some areas covered by the signals of KOED-TV and KOET.
OETA's translator network also reaches into portions of Kansas and Texas, while KOET's over-the-air signal reaches parts of Western Arkansas and is carried by Cox Cable in Fort Smith on channel 9 (Eufaula is part of the Fort Smith television market). Some of the donations for OETA's Festival and AugustFest pledge drives come from those states.
Digital television.
Digital channels.
The digital channels of OETA's main full-power stations are multiplexed:
OETA operates two additional channels that currently are and originally started out being carried as the third and fourth digital subchannels of all four of OETA's full-power digital stations, OETA Kids and OETA Create. In 2008, the two channels began operating strictly as cable-only services and are available in the Oklahoma City and Tulsa markets on Cox Communications's digital cable service in these areas – available at minimum as part of Cox's limited basic programming tier along with OETA's standard definition and high definition feeds and other over-the-air stations in the respective markets. OETA restored the OETA Create and OETA Kids services to all four of its full-power stations on November 13, 2013, operating on their prior subchannel placements on each station that they were carried on over-the-air prior to becoming cable-only channels.
Programming.
OETA is one of several PBS member stations or networks that distributes programming for syndication to other PBS stations through the network's production unit, "OETA: The Oklahoma Network". It has distributed "The Lawrence Welk Show" since September 1986, after that series left commercial syndication, and has also produced specials featuring clips from the program; reruns of "Lawrence Welk" have since become OETA's most-watched program. OETA also distributes the newsmagazine "The Kalb Report", hosted by Marvin Kalb.
Locally produced programming on the state network includes the "OETA Movie Club" (a weekend evening showcase of classic movies from the 1930s to the 1980s that has been hosted by B.J. Wexler since it first aired in 1988), "Oklahoma Forum" (a public affairs program featuring topics related to the Oklahoma state legislature), "Stateline" (which deals with issues important to Oklahoma and also the United States), and "Gallery" (which focuses on Oklahoma's art community). Past programs produced by OETA include "OKC Metro" (an interview program hosted by former "Oklahoma News Report" anchor Gerry Bonds that ran from 1995 to 2010) and "Tulsa Times" (a newsmagazine series that ran from 1995 to 2009, focusing on issues and events concerning the Tulsa area).
Until 2010, OETA ran a heavy amount of instructional programming each weekday (totaling 17½ hours by 2005), instructional programs now run largely on the OETA Create subchannel service, which carries programming from PBS's instructional and distance education network Create.
The state network was one of the few remaining broadcast stations that had yet to switch to a 24-hour broadcast schedule, OETA signed-off at midnight on Sunday through Thursday evenings, and 1 a.m. on Fridays and Saturdays until it switched to a 24-hour schedule in April 2006. Prior to then, many cable providers around the state such as Cox Communications filled hours when OETA was not broadcasting regular programming on its over-the-air signals with shows from PBS's default satellite schedule and until the late 1990s, cable channels that it could not designate a separate channel space due to limited infrastructure for its basic cable service. Since the transition to a 24-hour schedule, OETA broadcasts the national feed's programming over-the-air during the overnight hours.
Newscasts.
OETA is one of only a handful of PBS stations that produces a local or regional news program. The "Oklahoma News Report", which has aired since 1976, is anchored by Dick Pryor. It features reports from OETA's offices in Oklahoma City and Tulsa, its "Stateline" and "Gallery" units, the Oklahoma State Department of Agriculture, the Oklahoma State Department of Food and Forestry, and the Oklahoma Department of Career and Technology Education. The program, which had originally broadcast as a five-night-a-week newscast on Monday through Fridays (except on Independence Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving Day and the day after, Christmas Eve and Christmas Day, and New Year's Eve and New Year's Day) for 35 years beginning with its debut. For many years, it had incorporated both pre-recorded news stories filed by OETA's own reporting staff and reports from news-producing commercial television stations in the Oklahoma City and Tulsa markets (although Oklahoma has four television markets with commercial network-affiliated stations licensed to the state, the "Oklahoma News Report" did not include reports from stations in the Lawton/Wichita Falls and Ada/Ardmore/Sherman/Denison markets).
As a weeknightly program, the "Oklahoma News Report" more closely resembled the evening news programs seen on the major networks in format. It never featured a sports segment within the newscast, but occasionally featured sports-related stories. The newscast regularly featured a stock market segment featuring the day's closing numbers of the Dow Jones and NASDAQ market indexes, and stocks for Oklahoma-based businesses (such as Kerr-McGee, ConocoPhillips and Sonic Drive-In). In July 2010, the program eliminated its daily weather segment (presented for years by meteorologist Ross Dixon), with weather only being covered in the program if it was a news story.
The "Oklahoma News Report" ended its original weeknightly general news format on July 1, 2011, citing a 9% cut in OETA's budget by the Oklahoma State Legislature (the newscast's longtime 6:30 p.m. timeslot was replaced with the "PBS NewsHour" as part of a shuffling of OETA's early evening news block due to the removal of "ONR" as a weeknight newscast); "ONR" transitioned into a weekly newsmagazine on July 15, 2011, airing on weekends with its primary airings on Friday nights.

</doc>
<doc id="2894072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894072" title="Cortical blindness">
Cortical blindness

Cortical blindness is the total or partial loss of vision in a normal-appearing eye caused by damage to the brain's occipital cortex. Cortical blindness can be acquired or congenital, and may also be transient in certain instances. Acquired cortical blindness is most often caused by loss of blood flow to the occipital cortex from either unilateral or bilateral posterior cerebral artery blockage (ischemic stroke) and by cardiac surgery. In most cases, the complete loss of vision is not permanent and the patient may recover some of their vision (Cortical visual impairment). Congenital cortical blindness is most often caused by perinatal ischemic stroke, encephalitis, and meningitis.
Rarely, a patient with acquired cortical blindness may have little or no insight that they have lost vision, a phenomenon known as Anton–Babinski syndrome.
Cortical blindness and cortical visual impairment (CVI), which refers to the partial loss of vision caused by cortical damage, are both classified as subsets of neurological visual impairment (NVI). NVI and its three subtypes—cortical blindness, cortical visual impairment, and delayed visual maturation—must be distinguished from ocular visual impairment in terms of their different etiologies and structural foci, the brain and the eye respectively. One diagnostic marker of this distinction is that the pupils of individuals with cortical blindness will respond to light whereas those of individuals with ocular visual impairment will not.
Causes.
The most common cause of cortical blindness is ischemia (oxygen deprivation) to the occipital lobes caused by blockage to one or both of the posterior cerebral arteries. However, other conditions have also been known to cause acquired and transient cortical blindness, including:
The most common causes of congenital cortical blindness are:
Symptoms.
The most common symptoms of acquired and transient cortical blindness include:
Diagnosis.
A patient with cortical blindness has no vision but the response of his/her pupil to light is intact (as the reflex does not involve the cortex). Therefore, one diagnostic test for cortical blindness is to first objectively verify the optic nerves and the non-cortical functions of the eyes are functioning normally. This involves confirming that patient can distinguish light/dark, and that his/her pupils dilate and contract with light exposure. Then, the patient is asked to describe something he/she would be able to recognize with normal vision. For example the patient would be asked the following:
Patients with cortical blindness will not be able to identify the item being questioned about at all or will not be able to provide any details other than color or perhaps general shape. This indicates that the lack of vision is neurological rather than ocular. It specifically indicates that the occipital cortex is unable to correctly process and interpret the intact input coming from the retinas.
Fundoscopy should be normal in cases of cortical blindness. Cortical blindness can be associated with visual hallucinations, denial of visual loss (Anton–Babinski syndrome), and the ability to perceive moving but not static objects. (Riddoch syndrome).
Outcome.
The prognosis of a patient with acquired cortical blindness depends largely on the original cause of the blindness. For instance, patients with bilateral occipital lesions have a much lower chance of recovering vision than patients who suffered a transient ischemic attack or women who experienced complications associated with eclampsia. In patients with acquired cortical blindness, a permanent complete loss of vision is rare. The development of cortical blindness into the milder cortical visual impairment is a more likely outcome. Furthermore, some patients regain vision completely, as is the case with transient cortical blindness associated with eclampsia and the side effects of certain anti-epilepsy drugs.
Recent research by Krystal B. Huxlin and others on the relearning of complex visual motion following V1 damage has offered potentially promising treatments for individuals with acquired cortical blindness. These treatments focus on retraining and retuning certain intact pathways of the visual cortex which are more or less preserved in individuals who sustained damage to V1. Huxlin and others found that specific training focused on utilizing the "blind field" of individuals who had sustained V1 damage improved the patients' ability to perceive simple and complex visual motion. This sort of 'relearning' therapy may provide a good workaround for patients with acquired cortical blindness in order to better make sense of the visual environment.

</doc>
<doc id="2894079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894079" title="Weetos">
Weetos

Weetos is a brand of chocolate-flavoured breakfast cereal produced by Weetabix Food Company. The name comes from the fact that its primary ingredient is wheat (Weet-) and the cereal pieces are in O shapes (-Os), the same naming convention that is used on the company's flagship cereal Weetabix (Wheat Biscuits).
The brand initially began with the Weetos cereal, officially known as Weetos Chocolate Flavour, and has expanded to include Weetos Meteors, Weetos Bars (which are cereal snacks in bar-form), and Weetos Vs. Alien Invasion.
History.
Weetos is the only cereal by Weetabix Food Company that is marketed toward the youth and children segment and as a result, has a long history with mascots. The original mascot was a skateboarder named Derek, who ""found life really boring, until new Weetos came out of the blue!"" delivered in a broad West Midlands accent. For a long while, the breakfast mascot was Professor Weeto (Mark Butterworth), an elderly gentleman dressed in a white labcoat, whose remaining hair was white and who wore a pair of spectacles constructed from two large Weetos pieces. He was the mascot that acted as the creator and sole advertiser for the cereal. In 2010, he was replaced by The Weeto, a strong Weeto with arms and legs who'd do anything to get into the cereal for children.
In 2006, Weetabix Food Company lowered the amount of sugar present in Weetos by over 35% as part of a drive to appeal to health conscious parents, which resulted in a change of flavour. This was coupled with the dropping of long-running mascot Professor Weeto in favour of neutral images of children participating in various sports.
Products.
Weetos Chocolate Flavour.
Weetos is packaged in a brown rectangular cardboard box, emblazened with the logo and an advert of whatever toy is inside.
Ingredients include Wholegrain Wheat (44%), Wheat Flour, Sugars, Cocoa Powder, Vegetable Oil, Milk Powder and various vitamins and minerals.
Weetos Meteors.
Launched in 2008, Weetos Meteors is a space-themed cereal that combines the original O-shape pieces with star and meteor shapes ones. It is one of the few breakfast cereals that directly advertises to children seeing as it is not high in fat, salt and sugar (HFSS) and as a result, doesn't qualify for Ofcom's ban on promotional tie-ups with HFSS food products.
Weetos vs. Alien Invaders.
Launched in 2011, Weetos vs. Alien Invaders contains both the original O-shaped pieces along with three ringed alien pieces.
Weetos Bar.
Weetos is also available in a 20g cereal bar. Weetos Bars contain only 99 calories. They are packed with chocolatey wheat hoops to create a soft and chewy bar, with a layer of real milk chocolate on the bottom, and are individually wrapped. There is however ambiguity in the calorific content, as the box listed content is 99 calories per bar while the Weetos website declares 88 calories per bar. [http://www.weetabix.co.uk/products/bars/weetos]

</doc>
<doc id="2894083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894083" title="Patrick Magee (Irish republican)">
Patrick Magee (Irish republican)

Patrick Joseph Magee (born 1951) is a former Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) volunteer, best known for planting a bomb in the Brighton's Grand Hotel, targeting Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and her cabinet, which killed two men and three women. He is sometimes referred to as the "Brighton bomber".
Early life and IRA career.
Patrick Magee was born in Belfast but moved with his family to Norwich when he was four years old. He returned to Belfast at the age of 20 in 1971 and later joined the IRA.
In June 1973, he was interned and was released in November 1975.
Brighton hotel bombing.
The plot to bomb the Grand Hotel had started in 1981 as an act of revenge for the stance Thatcher had taken over the death of Bobby Sands and other republican hunger-strikers who had demanded political status in prison.
Magee had stayed in the hotel under the false name of Roy Walsh four weeks previously, during the weekend of 14–17 September 1984, when he planted the bomb, with a long-delay timer, in the bathroom wall of his room, number 629. The bomb exploded at 2:54 a.m. on 12 October 1984, killing five people and injuring 34. He was arrested in the Queen's Park area of Glasgow on 22 June 1985 with other members of an active service unit, including Martina Anderson, while planning other bombings. At his trial in September 1986 he received eight life sentences, with the judge branding him "a man of exceptional cruelty and inhumanity." While in prison, he completed a PhD examining the representation of Irish Republicans in 'Troubles' fiction. In August 1997, he was married for a second time.
After prison.
Magee was released from prison in 1999, having served 14 years in prison, under the terms of the Good Friday Agreement. He continues to defend his role in the blast, but he has expressed remorse for the loss of innocent lives. One of the victims of the bombing was Sir Anthony Berry, whose daughter Jo Berry publicly met Magee in November 2000 in an effort at achieving reconciliation as envisioned in the wake of the Good Friday Agreement. They have met publicly on more than one hundred occasions since that date.
Harvey Thomas, a senior adviser to Thatcher who survived the bombing, forgave Magee in 1998. Thomas has since developed a friendship with Magee, including hosting him in his own home. Thomas cited his Christian faith as the reason why he felt compelled to forgive.

</doc>
<doc id="2894091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894091" title="Sir William MacCormac, 1st Baronet">
Sir William MacCormac, 1st Baronet

Sir William MacCormac, 1st Baronet, KCB, KCVO (17 January 1836 – 4 December 1901), was a British surgeon.
Early life and background.
William MacCormac was born in Belfast, Northern Ireland, the son of Dr Henry MacCormac, a notable Northern Irish physician, and his wife Mary MacCormac (née Newsam), the daughter of a prominent Anglo-Irish family. Dr. Henry MacCormac was a well traveled physician and a lifelong proponent of the "open air theory" that stated that fresh air was conducive in order to prevent illnesses.
The MacCormac family was originally from County Armagh and descended from Cornelius MacCormac, a high-ranking Irish naval officer.
Education.
MacCormac studied medicine and surgery at Belfast, Dublin and Paris, and graduated in arts, medicine and surgery at the Queen's University, Belfast, in which he afterwards became an examiner in surgery.
Career.
He began practice in Belfast, where he became surgeon to the General Hospital, but left it for London on his marriage in 1861 to Miss Katherine M. Charters. In the Franco-Prussian War of 1870 he was surgeon-in-chief to the Anglo-American Ambulance, and was present at Sedan and he also went through the Turco-Servian War of 1876. He became in this way an authority on gunshot wounds, and besides being highly successful as a surgeon was a very popular in society, his magnificent physique and temperament making him a notable and attractive personality.
In 1881, he was appointed assistant-surgeon at St Thomas' Hospital, London and for twenty year continued his work here as a surgeon, lecturer and consulting surgeon. In 1881, he acted as honorary secretary-general of the International Medical Congress in London and was knighted for his services. In 1883 he was elected member of the council of college of surgeons and in 1887 a member of the court of examiners; in 1893 he delivered the Bradshaw lecture and in 1896 was elected president, being reelected to this office in 1897, 1998, 1899, and 1900 ( the centenary year of the college). In 1897, he was created a baronet, and appointed surgeon in ordinary to the Prince of Wales. His services were required the following year, when the Prince had an accident to his knee. MacCormac subsequently was appointed Knight Commander of the Royal Victorian Order (KCVO) in September 1898. In 1899, he was Hunterian Orator.
In the same year he volunteered to go out to South Africa as a consulting surgeon to the forces, and from November 1899 to April 1900 he saw much active service both in Cape Colony and Natal, his assistance being cordially acknowledged on his return when he became Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath (KCB) for his services.
Later life.
In February 1901, he was appointed honorary sergeant-surgeon to the King, and in June 1901 he received an honorary doctorate (LL.D) from the University of Glasgow. But, during 1898 he had suffered from prolonged illness and perhaps too much strain on his strength, for he died on 4 December 1901, somewhat suddenly at Bath. He is buried at Kensal Green Cemetery, London.
Personal life and family.
In 1861, he married in Katherine Maria Charters (1835–1923), daughter of John Charters of Belfast. Although MacCormac had no issue from this union, he had numerous distinguished relatives. MacCormac's nephew, Dr. Henry MacCormac (1879-December 12, 1950), was a successful dermatologist and the father of Sir Richard MacCormac, a notable modernist architect and the founder of MJP Architects.
Dr. William MacCormac was also the uncle of Sierra Leonean physician, Dr. John Farrell Easmon. When MacCormac served as a house surgeon to Queen Victoria, he invited Easmon to serve as his under study due to the latter's distinguished academic career. However Easmon turned MacCormac's offer and position down and instead chose to serve as a medical doctor in Freetown, Sierra Leone and the Gold Coast. Easmon was eventually promoted to the position of Chief Medical Officer of the Gold Coast in 1893.
Published works.
Besides treaties on surgical operations, antiseptic surgery, and numerous contributions to the medical journals, MacCormac was the author of works under the Red Cross and of an interesting volume commemorating the centenary of the Royal College of Surgeons of England in 1900. The latter contains biographical notices of all the masters and presidents up to that date.
Honours.
British orders and decorations
Foreign orders and decorations

</doc>
<doc id="2894094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894094" title="España Cañí">
España Cañí

España Cañí (meaning "Gypsy Spain" in Spanish language) is a famous instrumental Spanish piece of pasodoble music by Pascual Marquina Narro (1873-1948). The song was written around 1921. It is also known as the Spanish Gypsy Dance.
Its main refrain (eight bars of arpeggiated chords that go from E major to F major (with added 4 instead of 5) to G major and back) is arguably the best known snippet of Spanish music ever, and is popular worldwide.
Besides its traditional use as background music in bullfights in Spain and elsewhere, it is sometimes played (refrain only) to arouse local crowds in baseball matches in the United States. The Beatles in their early club days in Liverpool played the song.
It is often used by the Hawthorne Caballeros Drum and Bugle Corps, and the Muchachos Drum and Bugle Corps of Manchester, NH as a closer.
Several arrangements of the tune are often used for the ballroom Paso Doble dance (to the point that, amongst ballroom dancers, it is known as "the paso doble song" as it is very commonly played in competition due to the need for specific choreography for successful competition Paso).
It is also a popular chant by supporters of Eskisehirspor (Turkey) and St. Johnstone (Scotland).

</doc>
<doc id="2894099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894099" title="The Clue of the Broken Locket">
The Clue of the Broken Locket

The Clue of the Broken Locket is the eleventh volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1934, and was written by Mildred Benson under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene.
Plot summary (1934 edition).
The plot really deals with the adoption of 18-month-old twins, and the reuniting of two families. Carson Drew handles an adoption for the wealthy show-business couple, Johnny and Kitty Blair. The Blairs invite Nancy and friend Bess Marvin to a celebration, where the Blairs and other guests are distracted by heavy drinking and smoking. Nancy manages to secure some articles found with the abandoned babies, clothing and the mysterious broken half of a locket. Nancy tries to aid the incompetent maid in caring for the children. The maid is fired as a result and, with her boyfriend, plants stolen jewelry in Nancy's car as revenge. Nancy tries to help the Blairs' butler Rodney, and a nurse, Ruth Brown, who it turns out are long-separated twins themselves. Nancy must discover the whereabouts of the twins' missing natural parents, encountering resistance from the spendthrift, and nearly bankrupt Blairs.
The revised 1965 imprint features two separated twin sisters, and takes place in Maryland. A ghostly launch appears on a nearby lake, and two twin children are missing! The mysterious Pudding Stone Lodge seems to harbor many secrets that have a lot to do with the twins and are very important to Nancy.
Artwork.
The cover art for the original dust jacket is uncredited. Russell H. Tandy drew the frontispiece and original three internal illustrations for the volume in 1934. A facsimile of this edition is available from Applewood Books. In 1950, the cover art was modernized by Bill Gillies. In 1962 the cover art was modernized again, by Rudy Nappi. Nappi inserted himself as an old man with a pipe on the cover. In 1965, when the story was revised, Nappi made another cover, in print today, showing a dark, sinister lake, with Nancy, Bess, and George discovering the title object while wading to a ruined boat.

</doc>
<doc id="2894100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894100" title="William Palmer (theologian)">
William Palmer (theologian)

Sir William Palmer (1803–1885) was an Anglican theologian and liturgical scholar of the 19th century.
Life.
The Rev., afterwards Sir, William Palmer, Bart., of Worcester College, University of Oxford, was an early supporter and influence in the Oxford Movement, but was superseded by John Henry Newman and Edward Pusey. Palmer initially supported the "Tracts for the Times", but as opposition to the Oxford Movement grew, he withdrew his support, prompting a cooling in his friendship with Newman and a slow decline in his involvement with the movement.
Works.
Palmer was author of the "Origines Liturgicæ" and "Treatise on the Church of Christ" (1838). The latter formulated the notion, called the "Branch Theory" that, provided that both the Apostolic Succession, and the Faith of the Apostles are kept intact, then there the Church exists, albeit in one of its branches. This was applied to the Anglican Church.

</doc>
<doc id="2894103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894103" title="Languages used on the Internet">
Languages used on the Internet

Most web pages on the Internet are in English, with varying amounts of information available in many other languages.
Languages used.
A study made by "W3Techs" showed that in April 2013, almost 55% of the most visited websites used English as their content language. Other top languages which are used at least in 2% of websites are Russian, German, Spanish, Chinese, French, Japanese, Arabic and Portuguese. 
Note that these figures are based on the one million most visited web sites (e.g. 0.27% of the total web sites according to figures of December 2011), according to Alexa.com, and language is identified using only the home page of the sites in most cases. As a consequence, the figures show a significantly higher percentage for many languages (especially for English) as compared to the figures for all websites. The figures for all websites are unknown, but some sources estimate below 50% for English – see for instance "Towards a multilingual cyberspace".
The number of non-English pages is rapidly expanding. The use of English online increased by around 281% from 2001 to 2011, however this is far less than Spanish (743%), Chinese (1,277%), Russian (1,826%) or Arabic (2,501%) over the same period.
Content languages for websites.
Estimates of the percentages of Web sites using various content languages as of 12 March 2014: 
All other languages are used in less than 0.1% of websites. Even including all languages, percentages may not sum to 100% because some websites contain multiple content languages.
Internet users by language.
Estimates of the number of Internet users by language as of 31 May 2011:

</doc>
<doc id="2894104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894104" title="KOKH-TV">
KOKH-TV

KOKH-TV, virtual channel 25 (UHF digital channel 24), is a Fox-affiliated television station located in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, United States. The station is owned by the Sinclair Broadcast Group, as part of a duopoly with CW affiliate KOCB (channel 34). The two stations share studio and transmitter facilities located on Wilshire Boulevard and Kelley Avenue on the city's northeast side (situated to the adjacent east of the respective studio facilities of CBS affiliate KWTV-DT (channel 9) and the Oklahoma Educational Television Authority PBS member network).
History.
Prior history of channel 25.
The UHF channel 25 allocation in Oklahoma City was originally occupied by KTVQ, which first signed on the air in 1953; it operated as an ABC affiliate, assuming the affiliation from primary NBC affiliate WKY-TV (channel 4, now KFOR-TV). KTVQ was hampered by low viewership as only a small percentage of television sets in the Oklahoma City area were capable of receiving UHF stations since set manufacturers were not required to equip televisions with tuners to receive stations on that band until the Federal Communications Commission passed the All-Channel Receiver Act in 1961; even with the passage of the law, UHF tuners were not included on all newer sets until 1964. The station shut down in 1956, with ABC returning to WKY-TV as a secondary affiliation (Enid-based ABC affiliate KGEO-TV (channel 5, now KOCO-TV) displaced WKY as the network's Oklahoma City affiliate when it moved its operations and changed its city of license to Oklahoma City in 1958).
KOKH station history.
As an independent station.
KOKH first signed on the air on February 2, 1959 as a educational independent station. Founded by Oklahoma City Public Schools, the school district sold the station to Blair Broadcasting in the summer of 1979; on October 1 of that year at 6:00 a.m., KOKH switched to a general entertainment format, becoming the first commercial independent station in Oklahoma. It was a typical UHF independent featuring a mix of cartoons, classic sitcoms and movies. KOKH gained a competitor exactly one month later on November 1, when KGMC (channel 34, now CW-affiliated sister station KOCB) signed on with a similar format; followed by KAUT (channel 43) on September 24, 1980, which initially featured an all-news format during the daytime hours and subscription service VUE at night, before transitioning to a general entertainment format almost a year later. By that point, the Oklahoma City market had three commercial independents that each competed for the best syndicated programming.
In 1986, Blair Broadcasting restructured into Reliance Capital Group LP, in order to prevent a hostile takeover by some of the company's minority stockholders. Reliance Capital sold the Blair stations to Gillett Communications on December 31, 1986. In 1988, Pappas Telecasting Companies proposed a purchase deal for channel 25, in which it would acquire and then migrate KGMC and KAUT's programming inventories as well as channel 43's Fox affiliation to KOKH. Under the proposal, channel 34 (then-owned by Seraphim Media) would become a Home Shopping Network affiliate, while Heritage Media would sell KAUT to the Oklahoma Educational Television Authority, which would convert it into an educational station. This agreement eventually fell apart and Pappas shelved the proposal in 1989, with all three stations retaining general entertainment formats. Gillett sold KOKH to Busse Broadcasting in 1989.
As a Fox affiliate.
In a deal similar to the earlier Pappas proposal, Heritage Media sold KAUT to OETA, and acquired KOKH in 1991, resulting in channel 43 becoming the market's secondary PBS member station. Heritage moved KAUT's programming inventory, Fox affiliation and other aspects of its intellectual unit to KOKH on August 15 of that year (channel 43, then KTLC, later reverted to an entertainment format as UPN affiliate KPSG in June 1998 after OETA sold it to the Paramount Stations Group). In August 1996, Heritage Media began trading on the New York Stock Exchange. The following month, it asked for stockholder approval of a 2-for-1 forward stock split, which was later approved. That fall, News Corporation expressed an interest in purchasing outstanding stock belonging to Heritage Media at $20.50 per share with the sale being approved by Heritage's stockholders in late spring 1997. FCC approval was dependent upon Heritage divesting most or all of its stations, as new ownership would place News Corporation over the FCC's station ownership limits of that time. News Corporation's main interest in purchasing Heritage Media was the in-store marketing subsidiary ACTMEDIA, which would make it the world's largest in-store marketing company.
Sinclair Broadcast Group showed interest in the Heritage Media stations, despite ownership conflicts that would arise between its own television stations and Heritage's outlets in several cities, including KOCB in the Oklahoma City market. Sinclair purchased Heritage's broadcasting properties in late summer 1997; because Sinclair was legally prohibited from owning both KOCB and KOKH, it sold channel 25 to Sullivan Broadcasting for $60 million. In the spring of 1998, Sinclair in turn began operating KOKH under a local marketing agreement, with KOCB as the senior partner.
In 1999, Glencairn, Ltd. announced that it would acquire KOKH; the family of Sinclair Broadcast Group founder Julian Sinclair Smith owned 97% of Glencairn's stock (Glencairn was to be paid with Sinclair stock for the purchases), effectively making KOKH and KOCB a duopoly in violation of FCC rules of the time. Glencairn owned 11 stations nationwide that Sinclair operated under LMAs, and subsequently announced plans to sell five of its stations to Sinclair outright; this prompted the Rainbow/PUSH coalition (headed by Jesse Jackson) to file challenges against the sale, citing concerns over a single company holding two broadcast licenses in one market and arguing that Glencairn passed itself off as a minority-owned company (its president, former Sinclair executive Edwin Edwards, is African American) when it was really an arm of Sinclair, and used the LMA to gain control of the station. The FCC levied a $40,000 fine against Sinclair in 2001 for illegally controlling Glencairn. Sinclair purchased KOKH outright in 2003, three years after the FCC began permitting television duopolies in August 1999, creating the market's first duopoly with KOCB.
During the late 1990s, KOKH lessened its reliance on running cartoons and classic sitcoms, and began acquiring more talk shows, reality series and court shows, although more recent sitcoms remained as part of its schedule. By the early 2000s, KOKH's daytime schedule (from 10:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.) switched to a lineup of mainly court shows (such as "Divorce Court", "Judge Mathis" and "The People's Court") and during the 2006-07 season, it broadcast every court show available in syndication at the time. In September 2002, KOKH dropped the "Fox 25" branding from verbal usage (though its channel 25 position continued to be incorporated into the station's logo), alternatingly identifying itself in station promos as either "Fox Oklahoma City" or "Oklahoma City's Fox", before reverting to the "Fox 25" branding full-time in 2006.
In November 2005, KOKH became the flagship station for the Oklahoma Lottery, whose Pick 3 and Cash 5 evening drawings were held at the station's Wilshire Boulevard studios, and were simulcast on KOCB; the Oklahoma Lottery Commission discontinued the televised draws and began conducting the drawings at its offices using a random number generator in July 2009 (KOKH aired a rundown of winning numbers for both original games and Hot Lotto during the 9:00 p.m. newscast and continued to air Powerball drawings until 2013 – since WGN America dropped the Powerball and Mega Millions drawings, the latter's drawings were not carried by KOKH or KOCB after Oklahoma became a Mega Millions participant in January 2011, the winning numbers for those drawings and other Oklahoma Lottery games are only shown on a ticker seen during KOKH's morning newscast). On March 5, 2012, KOKH and KOCB became the last stations in the Oklahoma City market to begin carrying syndicated programs, station promos and other commercials in high definition. On May 15 of that year, Fox extended its affiliation agreement with KOKH and Sinclair's 19 other Fox-affiliated stations for five years, keeping KOKH affiliated with the network until at least 2017.
Digital television.
Digital channels.
The station's digital channel is multiplexed:
In August 2010, Sinclair signed a groupwide affiliation deal with country music-oriented digital subchannel service The Country Network to the 28 of the company's stations. KOKH-TV bean carrying The Country Network (since renamed ZUUS Country) on newly launched digital subchannel 25.2 on November 4, 2010.
Analog-to-digital transition.
KOKH-TV discontinued regular programming on its analog signal, over UHF channel 25, on February 17, 2009, the original date in which full-power television stations in the United States were to transition from analog to digital broadcasts under federal mandate. The station's digital signal remained on its pre-transition UHF channel 24. Through the use of PSIP, digital television receivers display the station's virtual channel as its former UHF analog channel 25.
As part of the SAFER Act, KOKH kept its analog signal on the air until March 3 to inform viewers of the digital television transition through a loop of public service announcements from the National Association of Broadcasters.
Programming.
KOKH-TV currently carries the entire Fox network schedule, with program preemptions only occurring due to extended severe weather coverage (like certain other Sinclair-owned news-producing Fox stations, albeit atypical of most news-producing stations, it rarely carries cut-ins or extended coverage of non-weather-related breaking news events between newscasts, opting to air regularly scheduled programming instead). Syndicated programs broadcast by KOKH-TV (as of April 2014) include "Two and a Half Men", "TMZ on TV", "Divorce Court", "The People's Court", "The Big Bang Theory", "The Queen Latifah Show", "Seinfeld" and "Judge Judy".
News operation.
KOKH presently broadcasts 34 hours of locally produced newscasts each week (with 6½ hours on weekdays, and one hour each on Saturdays and Sundays). In addition, the station produces the sports highlight and discussion program "Fox 25 Sports Sunday" (hosted by sports director Myron Patton, sports anchor Curtis Fitzpatrick and WWLS-FM radio host Jim Traber), airing Sundays at 10:00 p.m., and an online-only weeknight 5:00 p.m. newscast that is streamed on the station's website (off-network syndicated sitcoms air instead during that timeslot on channel 25). KOKH also provides local weather updates for Tyler Media Group-owned radio stations KJKE (93.3 FM), KKNG (97.3 FM), KTUZ-FM (106.7), KEBC (1560 AM) and KTLR (890 AM). As is the case with competitor KOCO, KOKH has experienced fairly heavy turnover among its on-air staff, leading to the unfamiliarity that some of its on-air personalities have in the market (the longest-serving member of KOKH's on-air news staff presently is chief meteorologist Jeff George, who joined KOKH in 2006). The station's newscasts regularly place fourth among the market's news-produciing stations, behind local news and network programs on KFOR, KOCO and KWTV, although its morning and 9:00 p.m. newscasts beat the KFOR-produced newscasts on KAUT.
From October 1, 1979 to July 1991, KOKH aired brief 90-second hourly newsbriefs, branded as "Newstouch 25", from 6:00 a.m. until sign-off (usually around 1:30 a.m.); some morning and late night updates were pre-recorded. Among those who anchored the updates were Mike Monday, Karie Ross, Felicia Ferguson (who won the Miss Oklahoma pageant in 1985), Janis Walkingstick and Kelly Ogle (now evening anchor at KWTV). Until the late 1980s, the station also produced 90-second weather updates called "Weathertouch 25" that aired on the half-hour during the broadcast day; the segments (featuring weathercasters such as Ross Dixon, Dan Satterfield and Kevin Foreman) utilized the first colorized radar scan converter and satellite picture colorizer in Oklahoma, and used live radar data from the National Weather Service Terminal Doppler site at Will Rogers World Airport. The station also produced several public affairs and interview programs including "Meet The Mayor", "Woman to Woman" and "Sunday PM".
After the April 19, 1995 bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building, Fox urged KOKH station management to develop a full-scale news department. The current news department began on May 1, 1996 with the debut of "The Nine O'Clock News" (which was retitled as the "Fox 25 Primetime News at Nine" in 2001), a half-hour weeknight-only 9:00 p.m. newscast that was originally anchored by Kirsten McIntyre, and former KOCO and KWTV news anchor Jack Bowen. Under Sullivan ownership, KOKH expanded the weeknight broadcast of the program to one hour in August 1998; this was followed by the addition of hour-long weekend editions in September 1999. Around the time it acquired the station, the Sinclair Broadcast Group began providing national news segments on its news-producing stations with the March 2003 launch of News Central; while local news segments continued to be based out of the KOKH studios and the station maintained its own locally based anchors and reporters, weather forecasts and sports segments were produced out of studios at Sinclair's headquarters in Hunt Valley, Maryland.
The first time that KOKH programmed news outside its established 9:00 slot was in early 2004, when it premiered a half-hour weeknight 10:00 p.m. newscast (it is currently one of the few Fox stations that produces a newscast in the traditional late news timeslot, 10:00 p.m. in the Central Time Zone, which does not produce newscasts in midday or early evening time periods). In 2005, the station debuted a segment on the Saturday edition of the 9:00 p.m. newscast titled "Oklahoma's Most Wanted", which was based on former Fox series "America's Most Wanted" and profiled criminals being sought by law enforcement for various felonies. As part of corporate cutbacks at Sinclair's news operations, the company shuttered its News Central division with all national segments ending on March 31, 2006; KOKH subsequently restored in-house weather and sports segments. That December, KOKH launched "Fox 25 Sports Sunday" as a 15-minute Sunday evening sports wrap-up program at 9:45 p.m., before it expanded to a half-hour and moved to 10:00 p.m. three months later, adopting a panel discussion format. On April 9, 2007, KOKH debuted a three-hour weekday morning newscast from 6:00 to 9:00 a.m. (starting in the former timeslot instead of the 5:00 a.m. start time common with many local morning newscasts in the U.S. at the time); a fourth hour of the broadcast at 5:00 a.m. was added on January 4, 2010.
On October 11, 2010, KOKH became the first Oklahoma City area station to stream its local newscasts, breaking news and severe weather coverage on smartphone and other mobile devices. On January 31, 2011, the station debuted an hour-long extension of the morning newscast at 9:00 a.m., "Good Day Oklahoma" – featuring a mix of news updates and discussions, interviews and community event information. On August 14, 2013, KOKH became the fourth overall and the last remaining English-language station in the Oklahoma City market to begin broadcasting its newscasts in high definition. On April 13, 2014, KOKH debuted an HD-ready news set built by Devlin Design Group (the station's newsroom had previously doubled as its main set from the news department's inception), which features a dedicated weather center, several large widescreen monitors and a multi-purpose area used for interviews, and the morning and "Sports Sunday" broadcasts.
News/station presentation.
Newscast titles.
NOTE: Although the newscasts are each currently known under individual names ("Morning News", "Primetime News at Nine" and "Late Edition"), reporters use the unified identification of "Fox 25 News" at the end of story packages.

</doc>
<doc id="2894108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894108" title="KOCB">
KOCB

KOCB, virtual channel 34 (UHF digital channel 33), is a CW-affiliated television station located in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, United States. The station is owned by the Sinclair Broadcast Group, as part of a duopoly with Fox affiliate KOKH-TV (channel 25). The two stations share studio and transmitter facilities located on Wilshire Boulevard and Kelley Avenue on the city's northeast side (situated to the adjacent east of the respective studio facilities of CBS affiliate KWTV-DT (channel 9) and the Oklahoma Educational Television Authority PBS member network).
History.
As an independent station.
The station first signed on the air on November 28, 1979 as KGMC-TV; originally operating as an independent station, it was founded by General Media Corporation. Channel 34 was the first television station to sign on in the Oklahoma City market in 25 years – but missed being the first commercial station to sign on since that timeframe as KOKH-TV (channel 25, now a Fox affiliate) had converted from an educational to a commercial independent seven weeks before – and the second independent station in both Oklahoma City and the state of Oklahoma. Its programming format featured a mix of cartoons, classic sitcoms, westerns, dramas, religious programs and some older movies. The station's original studio facilities were located at 1501 Northeast 85th Street, south of Oklahoma City's Britton section. KGMC was purchased by Seraphim Media in 1983.
In 1987, Pappas Telecasting Companies proposed a deal to buy KOKH, and acquire the programming inventories of KGMC and then-Fox affiliate KAUT (channel 43, now an independent station) and migrate their syndicated programs and the Fox affiliation to KOKH. The proposal called for channel 34 to run 15 to 18 hours of programming from the Home Shopping Network and six hours of religious programs each day, along with some children's programming and barter entertainment shows. Heritage Media would then sell KAUT to the Oklahoma Educational Television Authority, which would convert it into a PBS member station. This deal eventually fell apart and the potential purchase by Pappas was canceled in 1988. General Media subsequently sold KGMC to Maddox Broadcasting in 1989. During the late 1980s and early 1990s, KGMC adopted a very sophisticated on-air look for an independent station in a mid-sized market, using CGI graphics of near network-quality. On February 9, 1989, KGMC licensee Oklahoma City Broadcasting, Inc., controlled by the family of stock speculator Ivan Boesky (who was sentenced to a three-year prison term in December 1987 for his involvement in an insider trading scandal), filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. That May, KGMC co-founder and then-general manager Ted Baze attempted to gain full ownership of Oklahoma City Broadcasting.
In September 1990, the station changed its call letters to KOCB, named after the licensee (the KGMC call letters are now used by a MundoFox affiliate on channel 43 in Clovis, California). In 1991, the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Western District of Oklahoma approved a reorganization plan in which Oklahoma City Broadcasting, Inc. would pay most of its creditors in full with interest within 21 months. In 1993, KOCB was acquired by Superior Broadcasting. That year, the station began airing programming from the Prime Time Entertainment Network syndication service, remaining with PTEN until 1995.
Transitioning to network affiliation.
KOCB became a charter affiliate of the United Paramount Network when the network launched on January 16, 1995. Outside of UPN primetime programming, the station otherwise continued with a general entertainment programming format and continued to run films in primetime as UPN initially broadcast only on Monday and Tuesday evenings at launch (the network would later expand its primetime programming to five nights a week in 1999); it also retained the "TV-34" branding that the station used as an independent. Channel 34 was purchased by the Sinclair Broadcast Group in 1996.
On July 21, 1997, Sinclair signed an affiliation agreement with The WB to switch the affiliations of KOCB and its four other UPN affiliates to the network. Prior to the agreement, Oklahoma City residents were only able to receive The WB's programming through cable and satellite from the national superstation feed of the network's Chicago affiliate WGN-TV. KOCB affiliated with The WB on January 25, 1998, rebranding as "WB 34". The switch left the Oklahoma City market without a UPN affiliate for nearly six months; two weeks earlier on January 8, the Paramount Stations Group (owned by UPN's part-owner at the time, Viacom) purchased channel 43, which was operating as OETA-owned PBS member station KTLC as a result of a 1990 trade deal involving it and KOKH by Heritage Broadcasting that was separate from the earlier Pappas proposal; it became a UPN owned-and-operated station as KPSG on June 19, 1998 (the station reverted to its original KAUT call letters that November).
In 1998, Sinclair began managing KOKH under a local marketing agreement with that station's then-owner Sullivan Broadcasting; Sinclair purchased channel 25 outright in late 2003, creating a duopoly with KOCB. Channel 34 subsequently vacated its Northeast 85th Street studios and relocated its operations south-southwest to KOKH's studio facility at 1228 East Wilshire Boulevard. In September 2002, KOCB discontinued the "WB 34" branding, and became known as "The WB Oklahoma City", due in part to the fact that many central Oklahoma residents view KOCB on cable television (available to most area cable providers on channel 11).
Affiliation with The CW.
On January 24, 2006, CBS Corporation and Time Warner announced that the company would shut down The WB and UPN (the latter of which became owned by CBS one month earlier following the split of CBS and Viacom) and incorporate some of their programs on a newly created joint venture network The CW. On May 2, 2006, Sinclair Broadcast Group confirmed that KOCB would become the Oklahoma City affiliate of The CW, likely due to its status at the time as one of The WB's highest-rated affiliates (ranking as the network's most-watched station overall during the 2004-05 season). The station became a CW affiliate upon the network's September 18, 2006 debut, the day after The WB ended operations; KAUT ended up affiliating with MyNetworkTV, another new network developed by the Fox Television Stations and Twentieth Television subsidiaries of News Corporation. With the switch, KOCB rebranded as "The CW Oklahoma City", before rebranding again as "CW34" in August 2007.
On August 28, 2007, a transmission line at KOCB's transmitter facility failed while the station was airing a Dallas Cowboys preseason game, leaving the station off the air for the better part of two weeks. KOCB's analog and digital signals remained dark until 3:00 p.m. on August 29, only for the transmitter to fail again that night around 12:00 a.m. The station's direct fiber optic studio feed that was fed to headends operated by Cox Communications was only interrupted for a short time. KOCB's over-the-air signal returned to the air about two weeks later in time for the start of The CW's Fall 2007 primetime schedule.
The CW extended its affiliation agreement with KOCB and Sinclair's 10 other CW-affiliated stations at the time for five years on July 19, 2011, which will keep KOCB affiliated with the network until at least August 2016. On March 5, 2012, KOCB and KOKH became the last stations in the Oklahoma City market to carry syndicated programs, station promos and commercials in high definition (rebroadcasts of KOKH's newscasts continued to be broadcast in standard definition until August 2013, when that station upgraded its newscast production to HD).
Digital television.
Digital channels.
The station's digital channel is multiplexed:
The Tube Music Network was carried on digital subchannel 34.2 starting in 2005; it was dropped in December 2006 (eleven months before the network ceased operations on October 1, 2007). KOCB relaunched the subchannel on October 4, 2010 as an affiliate of TheCoolTV; it was pulled on August 31, 2012 after Sinclair dropped the music video network on 32 of its then-approximately 70 stations nationwide. On July 1, 2014, KOCB restored its second digital subchannel when it began carrying the classic movie network GetTV, as a result of a channel lease agreement with Sinclair, involving 33 of the company's stations.
Analog-to-digital transition.
KOCB shut down its analog signal, over UHF channel 34, on February 17, 2009, the original date in which full-power television stations in the United States transitioned from analog to digital broadcasts under federal mandate. The station's digital signal remained on its pre-transition UHF channel 33; through the use of PSIP, digital television receivers display the station's virtual channel as its former UHF analog channel 34.
Programming.
Syndicated programs broadcast by KOCB include "Jerry Springer", "The Steve Wilkos Show", "Family Feud", "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire", "The Andy Griffith Show", "Modern Family", "The Simpsons" and "Family Guy". In November 2005, KOCB began simulcasting the Oklahoma Lottery's nightly Pick 3 and Cash 5 drawings, which were carried by KOKH through an agreement with the Oklahoma Lottery Commission; these were discontinued when the lottery ceased the live broadcasts and switched to drawing the numbers via a random number generator in July 2009 (Powerball drawings continued to air on both station until 2013, although neither carried Mega Millions after Oklahoma became a participant in that multi-state lottery in 2011; both drawings were carried in the market on cable and satellite through Chicago-based superstation WGN America until February 2014).
Sports programming.
KOCB holds the local broadcast rights to NFL preseason games from the Dallas Cowboys, with three to five primetime game telecasts airing annually. The station also runs college basketball games from the Big 12 Conference through ESPN Plus, airing between ten and twelve regular season games each year as well as games from the first three rounds of the Big 12 Men's Basketball Tournament. Most college basketball telecasts on the station air on Saturday afternoons, with occasional primetime games on weeknights (the station will reschedule CW primetime shows to air on weekend evenings if a primetime game is scheduled, preempting movies usually aired on Saturday and Sunday evenings between 7:00 and 9:00 p.m., as The CW itself does not run network programming on those nights, and occasionally those usually aired in weekend afternoon timeslots).
Newscasts.
KOCB did not broadcast its any local news programming for much of its history, and was the only general entertainment commercial station in the Oklahoma City market to have never regularly run local newscasts exclusive to the station. In 2005, Fox-affiliated sister station KOKH began to broadcast live half-hour editions of that station's 9:00 p.m. newscast on KOCB on certain weeknights in which a Fox Sports telecast (usually Major League Baseball All-Star, playoff and World Series games) is scheduled to air past 9:00 p.m. on channel 25. On August 9, 2010, KOCB began to air rebroadcasts of KOKH-TV's 10:00 p.m. newscast at 12:30 a.m. weeknights.

</doc>
<doc id="2894130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894130" title="Starving artist">
Starving artist

A starving artist is an artist who sacrifices material well-being in order to focus on their artwork. They typically live on minimum expenses, either for a lack of business or because all their disposable income goes toward art projects. 
Some starving artists desire mainstream success but have difficulty due to the high barriers to entry in art such as visual arts, the film industry, and theatre. These artists frequently take temporary positions (such as waitering or other service industry jobs) while they focus their attention on breaking through in their preferred field. 
Others may find enough satisfaction in living as artists to choose voluntary poverty regardless of prospects of future financial reward or broad recognition. Virginia Nicholson writes in "Among the Bohemians: Experiments in Living 1900–1939":
Fifty years on we may judge that Dylan Thomas's poverty was noble, while Nina Hamnett's was senseless. But a minor artist with no money goes as hungry as a genius. What drove them to do it? I believe that such people were not only choosing art, they were choosing the life of the artist. Art offered them a different way of living, one that they believed more than compensated for the loss of comfort and respectability.
Cultural depictions.
The "starving artist" is a typical figure of Romanticism in the late 18th and early 19th centuries, and is seen in many paintings and works of literature. Henri Murger wrote about four starving artists in "Scènes de la Vie de Bohème", the basis for the operas "La bohème" by Puccini and Leoncavallo. Knut Hamsun's novel "Hunger" depicts a period of a starving artist's life. Franz Kafka wrote a short story called "A Hunger Artist" in 1924 about a man who is world-famous for his public performances of fasting.

</doc>
<doc id="2894134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894134" title="Brush-furred mouse">
Brush-furred mouse

The brush-furred mice, genus Lophuromys are a peculiar group of rodents found in sub-Saharan Africa. They are members of the subfamily Deomyinae, a group only identifiable through molecular analysis. "Lophuromys" is also known as the brush-furred rats, harsh-furred rats or coarse-haired mice.
Characteristics.
The brush-furred mice are so named due to the unique, stiff hairs that make up their pelage. The texture is similar to a soft brush. They are peculiar looking for several reasons. The coat varies depending on species but range from tan to greenish greys and dark brown. Some species have an almost purplish tint to the pelage and others can be speckled. The underside is rusty, orange, brown, or cream colored. They are chunky mice with relatively short legs.
Most animals have noticeable scars, notched ears, or are missing part of their tails. The skin is delicate and the animals appear to use this as a predator avoidance technique. The tail breaks easily and may be lost so that the animal can escape. Once lost, it does not regenerate. The skin tears easily, particularly in strategic positions such as the scruff of the neck. In fact, if an animal is held by the scruff of the neck, it is capable of struggling its way free by tearing itself loose leaving behind a patch of skin containing hair and epidermis. Specimens found in museums are rarely seen that lack tears that have been sewn together.
Habitat and diet.
Brush-furred mice appear to require moist areas and perhaps grasses. They are generally excluded from dry savannahs and forests with dense canopies. They are variable in degree of diurnality versus nocturnality.
They appear to feed more on animal matter than most muroids. The proportion of animal material in the diet ranges from 40-100% depending on species (Dieterlan, 1976 in Nowak, 1999). Food consists of ants, other insects, other invertebrates, small vertebrates, carrion, and plant matter.
Behaviour.
Brush-furred mice are solitary and are reported to fight when placed together. This may contribute to the wounds found on individuals. A brush-furred mouse was recorded to have lived for over 3 years in captivity.
Allopatric speciation appears to have played an important role in shaping the evolution of this genus. Research conducted on the group suggests that isolated species exist a relatively short distance away from one another. Gene flow is either absent or greatly restricted among these isolated pockets. This has led to differences detectable by karyotype, allozymes, and DNA sequencing. The number of recognized species in this genus has increased in recent years and is probably still not representative of the true diversity of this group.
Species.
Genus Lophuromys - brush-furred mice

</doc>
<doc id="2894137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894137" title="R. v. Stillman">
R. v. Stillman

R. v. Stillman 1 S.C.R. 607, was a leading decision of the Supreme Court of Canada on section 24(2) of the Constitution of Canada which allowed for the exclusion of evidence that is obtained in a manner that infringes the Charter. The two-step Stillman test was developed for determining whether the admission of evidence that was obtained through a breach of a Charter right would affect the fairness of the trial. The issue of trial fairness comes into play when applying the first step of the Collins test to exclude evidence under section 24(2).
The case would later be replaced by the Supreme Court of Canada's decision in "R. v. Grant".
Background.
In 1991, a young New Brunswick girl was found raped and murdered. A 17-year-old suspect, William Stillman, was arrested for the murder. Stillman's lawyer told the police that he did not consent to the taking of any bodily samples. Nevertheless, the police took an impression of his teeth, a hair sample, and saliva sample. As well, they took a paper tissue used by Stillman who had thrown it into the garbage while in custody.
In a seven-to-two decision, the Court held that all the evidence collected was beyond the powers to search incident to arrest and that it was all "conscriptive" evidence and thus was in violation of section 8.
Reasons of the court.
The majority's reasons were given by Cory J.
The case turned on whether the inclusion of evidence affected trial fairness. Cory re-examined the purpose of the trial fairness step of the Collins test, stating that:
Cory proposed a two-step approach to determine the effect of the admission of evidence on trial fairness.
If the evidence was shown to be conscriptive and would not have been discovered by a non-conscriptive means then the evidence must be excluded for trial fairness, and none of the other factors of the Collins test need to be examined.
On the first step, the question is whether "the accused was compelled to make a statement or provide a bodily substance in violation of the Charter." The evidence must not have existed in a "usable form" prior to the taking of evidence. A murder weapon found at the scene would be non-conscriptive but a piece of clothing worn by the suspect would be conscriptive. Conscriptive evidence also includes "derivative evidence", which is evidence that was only discovered through other conscripted evidence. Physical evidence found as a result of a conscriptive statement is an example of derivative evidence.
On the second step, the courts allow conscriptive evidence if it can be shown to be "discoverable".
Dissent.
McLachlin, L'Heureux-Dubé, and Gothier JJ. each gave their own dissenting opinions.
McLachlin first noted that the taking of bodily samples is a matter of section 8 of the Charter rather than section 7. The protection of section 7 against self-incrimination only extends to testimonial and derivative evidence but not physical evidence. To extend the section farther would go beyond the intended limits in both Canada and other comparable justice systems around the world.
McLachlin agreed with the majority that the taking of hair samples, buccal swabs, and dental impressions were serious violations under section 8. However, the collection of the tissue was not, as the tissue had been abandoned and it was not derivative evidence. Though the samples were created as a result of detention, the bodily state that they represent was not created by detention and exist outside of the detention.
Section 24(2), McLachlin stated, requires balancing of all the circumstances of the case with the effect of admitting the evidence on the reputation of the system. The three set of factors in "R. v. Collins" are only convenient groupings of these circumstances that may be useful. So long as the effect of the admission of evidence on the system is balanced against the effect of the exclusion then the analysis is complete.
McLachlin rejected Cory's ruling that all evidence which affects trial fairness must be excluded. Such a rule is against the spirit of section 24(2) which intends to balance the alternate effects upon the repute of the system. It also mistakenly equates non-consensual participation with trial fairness. Lastly, it suggests that any amount of trial unfairness automatically outweighs any other possible factors that may come into play.
On the facts, McLachlin held that the lower courts properly weighed the factors and that they were correct in admitting the evidence.
Subsequent Decisions.
In 2009, the Supreme Court of Canada found that the analysis of conscripted versus non-conscripted evidence was leading to inconsistent results in analyzing s. 24(2), and created a new test in "R. v. Grant"

</doc>
<doc id="2894147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894147" title="The Entombment of Christ (Caravaggio)">
The Entombment of Christ (Caravaggio)

Michelangelo Merisi da Caravaggio created his painting of The Entombment of Christ in 1602–1603 for Santa Maria in Vallicella, a church built for the Oratory of Saint Philip Neri, and adjacent to the buildings of the order. A copy of the painting is now in the chapel.
The painting was originally commissioned by Alessandro Vittrice in 1601, and completed by two years later. Now it is among the treasures of the Vatican Pinacoteca.
While there is much in this representation that was revolutionary for Caravaggio's time, it is not clear that the highly naturalistic reconstruction of a gospel event in this painting would have been antithetical to the vividly faithful Oratorians, who sought to relive experiences through prayer. Even near contemporary critics of Caravaggio and his style, such as Baglione and Bellori, admired this painting.
This counter-reformation painting – with a diagonal cascade of mourners and cadaver-bearers descending to the limp, dead Christ and the bare stone – is not a moment of transfiguration, but of mourning. As the viewer's eye descends from the gloom there is, too, a descent from the hysteria of Mary of Cleophas through subdued emotion to death as the final emotional silencing. Unlike the gored post-crucifixion Jesus in morbid Spanish displays, Italian Christs die generally bloodlessly, and slump in a geometrically challenging display. As if emphasizing the dead Christ's inability to feel pain, a hand enters the wound at his side. His body is one of a muscled, veined, thick-limbed laborer rather than the usual, bony-thin depiction. 
While faces are important in painting generally, in Caravaggio it is important always to note where the arms are pointing. Skyward in "The Conversion of Saint Paul on the Road to Damascus", towards Levi in "The Calling of Saint Matthew". Here, the dead God's fallen arm and immaculate shroud touch stone; the grieving Mary Magdalene gesticulates to Heaven. In some ways, that was the message of Christ: God come to earth, and mankind reconciled with the heavens. As usual, even with his works of highest devotion, Caravaggio never fails to ground himself. Tradition held that the Virgin Mary be depicted as eternally young, but here Caravaggio paints the Virgin as an old woman. The figure of the Virgin Mary is also partially obscured; we see her in the black robe and her arms are held out to her side, imitating the line of the stone they stand upon. Her right hand hovers above his head as if she is reaching out to touch him. 
A related work by Caravaggio is "Death of the Virgin "(1606), now at the Louvre Museum.
External Links.
A remarkable "live" reproduction of The Entombment of Christ appears in the music video "A Love Song to T. S. Eliot" by British-Canadian band Velcro Hooks (1:30).

</doc>
<doc id="2894149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894149" title="Widdershins (band)">
Widdershins (band)

Widdershins were an Australian indie pop band, active from 1987 to 1989. After The Lighthouse Keepers disbanded in early 1986, Greg Appel and Juliet Ward went on to form the Rainlovers which became Widdershins in 1987 with the addition of James Cruickshank, Peter Timmerman and Barry Turnbull (ex-John Kennedy's Love Gone Wrong).
Three years of sporadic playing around Australia to a small devoted following and four releases on vinyl earned them the respect of critics throughout the country. 
Widdershins called it a day after a final performance on 30 March 1990 at Sydney University. James Cruickshank joined The Cruel Sea, while Greg Appel and his brother Steve gigged occasionally with Ward, Timmerman and others in a loose-knit outfit called Hammerhead, before forming the semi-regular group One Head Jet ca. 1992, playing in Sydney, Canberra, Melbourne and other towns until about 1997. The fluid lineup included Timmerman, Greg's youngest brother David (vocals, trumpet, percussion) and on occasion, in the latter stages of the band, guitarist Brendan Gallagher of Karma County. After the demise of One Head Jet, Steve Appel formed King Curly.

</doc>
<doc id="2894157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894157" title="Municipal elections in Fiji">
Municipal elections in Fiji

Fiji has established municipal governments for two cities (Suva and Lautoka) and ten towns (Ba, Labasa, Lami, Levuka, Nadi, Nausori, Nasinu, Savusavu, Sigatoka, and Tavua). Each city or town has a council comprising between 8 and 20 members, elected for three-year terms, although the government announced legislation on 15 February 2006 to extend the term to four years. Each city or town council elects from among its own members a Mayor (or Lord Mayor in the case of Suva) for one year. Consecutive terms are permitted.
The last municipal election was held on 22 October 2005, except in Suva and one ward of Lautoka, where the death of candidates resulted in the postponing of the poll till 12 November.
Electoral politics.
Electoral politics in municipal elections has certain characteristics that set it apart from national politics. Political parties often do regard municipal polls as a trial run for national elections; in the 1985 election for the Suva City Council, for example, the newly formed Fiji Labour Party (FLP) showed that it was on the rise by winning 8 of the 20 seats. It went on to win the parliamentary election in 1987. Local issues also come into play, however: 

</doc>
<doc id="2894170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894170" title="Veronica (TV channel)">
Veronica (TV channel)

Veronica is a commercial TV channel in the Netherlands, owned by SBS Broadcasting B.V., a joint venture between Sanoma (67%) and Talpa Media Holding (33%). The channel is dedicated to young adults and the male audience. Other channels from SBS in the Netherlands include SBS 6 and NET 5. "Veronica" is time-sharing with Disney XD. "Disney XD" broadcasts on daytime and "Veronica" on nighttime.
It is not to be confused with the Veronica Association (in Dutch: Vereniging Veronica). SBS licensed the trademark name Veronica from the Association and also owns the Association's former magazines "Veronica Magazine" and "Totaal TV" (former "TVSatellite").
Veronica's Years as Public Broadcaster (1976-1995).
The Association resulted from a pirate radio station, Radio Veronica, which broadcast from a ship on international waters off the coast of the Netherlands between 1959 and 1974. The wave appearing in the logo hearkens back to that time. The name "Veronica" is a derivation of the abbreviation VRON (Vrije Radio Omroep Nederland / Free Radio Broadcasting station Netherlands).
After the pirate-activities became legally impossible (31 August 1974), Veronica transformed itself into the Veronica Broadbasting Association (Veronica Omroep Organisatie, short VOO), enabling it to gain a legal radio and television license within the Public broadcasting system. It finally got a licence on 28 December 1975. The first television broadcast of Veronica took of on 21 April 1976. Within a decade it became one of the largest public broadcasters and the trademark was tested as being more popular than Coca-Cola.
Veronica as part of the Holland Media Groep (1995-2001).
In 1995 the "Veronica Association" gave up public broadcasting and entered a joint-venture with CLT, parent company of "RTL 4" and "RTL 5", VNU and Endemol, called the Holland Media Groep, running three mostly successful national TV-stations and three less successful national radio stations. Conflicts let to the dissolution of this co-operation in Spring of 2001. RTL rebranded "Veronica" by "Yorin" which would finally be rebranded by "RTL 7"
SBS (2003-).
In 2002-2003 the Association learned the hard way that it could not realize radio and TV in a stand-alone setting. In 2001 SBS Broadcasting B.V., the Dutch branch of the SBS Broadcasting Group, already bought the Dutch TV channel "Fox 8" from the News Corporation and renamed it into "V8" in anticipation of "Veronica". Unfortunately the negotiations between the Veronica Association and SBS Broadcasting were not going as planned and no agreement could be set. In the course of 2002 "Veronica" cooperated with MTV Networks Benelux and started time-sharing with MTV's Kindernet. The ratings were poor though. At the end of 2002 the Association is even talking with HMG again. Eventually "Veronica" closed a deal with SBS and it replaced SBS's "V8" on 20 September 2003.
The German ProSiebenSat.1 Media took over SBS Broadcasting on 27 June 2007. In 2011 the three TV stations (SBS 6, NET 5 and Veronica), the two TV guides (Veronica Magazine and Totaal TV), production, design and text activities were sold to a joint venture between Sanoma (67%) and Talpa Media Holding (33%).
Though Veronica's appeal and power have dissipated, most of the Dutch commercial radio and television landscape has been formed by Veronica and its spin-offs.

</doc>
<doc id="2894171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894171" title="Compound squeeze">
Compound squeeze

A compound squeeze is a type of play in the game of contract bridge. In this squeeze one opponent is squeezed such that some form of other squeeze emerges involving either or both players.
Usually this term is used to reference a pentagonal squeeze. In this form of squeeze both players guard two suits, and one player guards a third suit. On the play of a card the player guarding three suits must give up one of the shared guards (so as not to provide immediate winners).
Now each opponent singly guards one suit, and there is a third suit that is jointly guarded. This means that a double squeeze matrix exists. Note that there are "pseudo" compound squeezes, where the triply squeezed opponent can select the 'correct' shared suit, such that the entry situation precludes the proper functioning of the double squeeze.
Other variations of compound squeezes:
Example.
South plays in 6, East having doubled the bid of 5. West leads the 10. Despite the potential defensive ruff, the declarer must duck the lead to East's queen in order to rectify the count. East returns a trump (a red card would reduce the situation to other sorts of squeeze ending). The declarer has 7 spade tricks, a heart, a club, and two diamonds. The twelfth trick can be obtained by compound squeeze: assuming only East guards clubs, he will have to ultimately unguard one of red suits on the first squeeze card; that suit will serve as the "common suit" for the latter double squeeze. The declarer draws trumps, cashing the A in the process for a Vienna coup. When declarer leads the sixth trump (5), the position as on the right diagram is reached.
West discards a heart, dummy a club, but East now has a problem, as he must discard one of red suits:
The motive is similar to the one in guard squeeze – East is squeezed in three suits and forced to abandon the help to his partner in one of them.

</doc>
<doc id="2894174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894174" title="Sukhoi-Gulfstream S-21">
Sukhoi-Gulfstream S-21

Sukhoi-Gulfstream S-21 was a projected Russian-American supersonic business jet.
In the early 1990s, Gulfstream Aerospace and the Sukhoi Design Bureau of Moscow began a joint effort to develop a supersonic small business jet, code named the S-21. Due to questionable market demand for commercial supersonic air travel, commitment to the project wavered and delays mounted.
Gulfstream eventually dissolved the partnership, although Sukhoi continued work on the S-21.
The S-21 would be capable of sustained cruise at Mach 2+ and much research and development has gone into the management of the troublesome transonic effects associated with near Mach 1 air speeds.

</doc>
<doc id="2894188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894188" title="Nightrain">
Nightrain

"Nightrain" is a song written by American hard rock band Guns N' Roses in the mid-1980s. It is the third song on the band's 1987 debut album, "Appetite for Destruction". Although it was released as a single, the song was not included in their best-of album. It reached #93 on the US "Billboard" charts.
The song is a tribute to an infamous brand of cheap Californian wine, Night Train Express, which was extremely popular with the band during their early days because of its low price and high alcohol content. However, it is spelled differently, omitting the 'T' from 'Train', effectively making the song title a variation of 'Night Rain'. The song was ranked eighth on Guitar World's list of the "Top 10 Drinking Songs."
Composition.
Slash describes "Nightrain" as "an anthem that we came up with on the spot". The original idea for the song came when Slash and Izzy Stradlin wrote the main riff while they were sitting on the floor of the band's practice room. The next day, Slash was ill so Stradlin finished writing the music with Duff McKagan; however they did not write any lyrics. The song remained incomplete until one night when the band was walking down Palm Avenue sharing a bottle of Night Train. Someone yelled 'I'm on the night train!' and the whole band joined in, with Axl Rose improvising the lines in between: "Bottoms up!" "Fill my cup!" etc. "Nightrain" was born. After this initial inspiration, the band finished the song within a day.
The first half of the first guitar solo and the lead intro is played by Izzy Stradlin, while all other lead guitar parts are played by Slash.
Live.
"Nightrain" is a staple at Guns N' Roses concerts. In earlier shows, it was usually played early in the set. During the "Chinese Democracy" Tour, it is usually played as the last song before the encore, or during the encore. In some shows in late 2006, Izzy Stradlin, former rhythm guitarist and co-founder of Guns N' Roses, joined the band for "Nightrain" and other songs.
Slash describes in his autobiography how "Nightrain" is his favorite song to perform live: ""That song has a rhythm to it in the verses that from the start always made me go crazy. The first time we played it, even, I started jumping up and down - I couldn't help it. When we had our huge stage later on, I'd run the length of it, jump off the amplifiers, and lose it just about every single time we played it. I'm not sure why, but no other song we've ever played live made me move like that.""

</doc>
<doc id="2894196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894196" title="List of museums in Belgrade">
List of museums in Belgrade


</doc>
<doc id="2894210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894210" title="Romance Dance">
Romance Dance

Romance Dance is a studio album by Kim Carnes, released in June, 1980 (see 1980 in music). It followed Carnes' recent duet hit with Kenny Rogers, "Don't Fall in Love with a Dreamer".
The album spawned two singles, "More Love" and "Cry Like a Baby", which peaked at #10 and #44 on "Billboard" magazine's Pop Singles chart, respectively.
It was soon overshadowed by her next album, "Mistaken Identity", released the following year and containing her biggest hit, "Bette Davis Eyes".
The album was produced by George Tobin in association with Mike Piccirillo.
George Tobin would become the manager and producer of teen star Tiffany later in the 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="2894219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894219" title="Kat-5 (vehicle)">
Kat-5 (vehicle)

Kat-5 is an autonomous vehicle created by Team Gray, an organization comprising employees from The Gray Insurance Company and students from Tulane University's School of Engineering, for the 2005 DARPA Grand Challenge. 
The vehicle.
Kat-5 is a 2005 Ford Escape Hybrid modified with the sensors and actuators needed for autonomous operation. It has an INS/GPS (Inertial Navigation System/Global Positioning System) from Oxford Technical Solutions and LIDAR units from SICK and Riegl. Kat-5 finished the 2005 DARPA Grand Challenge and placed fourth with a time of 7 hours, 30 minutes, only 37 minutes behind Stanley, the winner of the competition. Kat-5 is powered by almost 100% pure Java and runs both the Mac OS X and Linux operating systems.
Kat-5 uses oscillating LIDARs and information from the INS/GPS unit to create a picture of the surrounding environment. This information is then used to build a path for the vehicle to follow. Kat-5's primary electrical system, used to run the computers and drive-by-wire system, is powered by the standard electrical system of the vehicle while the 24-volt system, used to power the LIDAR sensors, is powered by six solar panels on the roof platform of the vehicle.
During the National Qualification Event of the Grand Challenge, Kat-5 suffered 2 major crashes and one stall (due to a faulty circuit breaker) before finally completing three runs. The last run completed was done flawlessly with Kat-5 avoiding every obstacle and passing through all 50 required gates. The vehicle was given a pole position of 16 going into the Grand Challenge Event in Primm, NV.
The team.
Team Gray was made up of IT professionals from within the company and students from Tulane University’s Computer Science, Biomedical Engineering, and Mechanical Engineering departments. Eric Gray, President and Director of The Gray Exploration Company and The Gray Oil & Gas Company, was the leader of the team. The primary development team consisted of six people:
Development.
The team developed Kat-5 in a period of six actual months (but three weeks were lost to Hurricane Katrina) at a total cost of approximately $650,000. The physical value of the vehicle when it ran on October 8 was estimated to be $150,000.
Future.
Team Gray and GrayMatter, Inc. are planning to compete in the 2007 DARPA Urban Challenge.

</doc>
<doc id="2894222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894222" title="Amedeo Guillet">
Amedeo Guillet

Amedeo Guillet (February 7, 1909 – June 16, 2010) was an officer of the Italian Army. He was born in Piacenza, Italy. Descended from a noble family from Piedmont and Capua. His parents were Franca Gandolfo and Baron Alfredo Guillet, a colonel in the Royal Carabinieri. Following his family tradition of military service, he enrolled in the Academy of Infantry and Cavalry of Modena at the age of 18, thus beginning his career in the Royal Italian army.
 Dying at the age of 101, he was one of the last men to have commanded cavalry in war. Guillet, with the nickname of "Devil Commander", was famous during the Italian guerrilla war in Ethiopia in 1941–42 because of his courage.
Pre World War II.
Guillet was wounded in a tribal rebellion when stationed in Libya.
An excellent horseman, Guillet was selected for the Italian Olympic equestrian team and was due to compete in the Berlin 1936 Summer Olympics. Instead, in late 1935, he used the connections of his powerful relatives to transfer to the Spahis of Libya and participate in the Italian conquest of Ethiopia. He distinguished himself in numerous cavalry actions and subsequently volunteered to serve in Spain during the Spanish Civil War. He had been offered the post of aide-de-camp by General Luigi Frusci, and was proud to have won the coveted post without the help of family connections.
During the Spanish Civil War, Guillet served as commander of a Company of Arditi of the Division "Fiamme Nere" before becoming commander of a Tabor of Moroccans. He distinguished himself at the capture of Santander and at Teruel, winning the Silver Medal for gallantry. Returning to Italy, and the Italian colony of Libya - where he was a particular favourite of the governor, Italo Balbo - Guillet encountered the anti-semitic, pro-Nazi phase of Italian Fascism. He did not like what he saw and asked for a posting in Italian East Africa, whose new Viceroy was the respected Amedeo, Duke of Aosta, who was a mentor of Guillet. In Italian East Africa he carried out various policing operations against insurgents loyal to the toppled Emperor Haile Selassie.
World War II.
In the build up to World War II, Aosta gave Guillet command of the 2,500 strong Gruppo Bande Amhara, made up of recruits from throughout Italian East Africa, with six European officers and Eritrean NCOs. The core was cavalry, but the force also included camel corps and mainly Yemeni infantry. For Guillet to be given command of such a force while still only a lieutenant was a singular honour.
In 1940, he was tasked to form a "Gruppo Bande a Cavallo". The "Bande a Cavallo" were native units that were recruited from Italian officers who commanded these units. Amedeo Guillet succeeded in recruiting thousands of Eritreans. His "Band", already named in the history books as "Gruppo Bande Guillet" or " Gruppo Bande a Cavallo", were distinguished for their absolute "fair play" with the local populations. Amedeo Guillet could boast at never being betrayed, and 5000 Eritreans knew perfectly well who he was and where he lived. It was during this time in the horn of Africa that the legend of a group of Eritreans with excellent fighting qualities, commanded by a notorious "Devil Commander" was born.
Guillet's most important battle happened towards the end of January 1941 at Cherù when he decided to attack enemy armoured units. At the end of 1940, the allied forces faced Guillet on the road to Amba Alagi, and specifically, in the proximity of Cherù. He was entrusted by Duca Amedeo Of Aosta with the task of delaying the allied advance from the North-West. The battles and skirmishes in which this young lieutenant was a protagonist (Amedeo did not have the appropriates rank, but he commanded an entire brigade) are boldly written in the British bulletins of war. The "devilries" that he created from day to day, almost seen as a game, explains why the British called him not only "Knight from other times" but also the Italian "Lawrence of Arabia". Horse charges with unsheathed sword, guns, incendiary and hand bombs against the armoured troops had a daily cadence. A look at official documents show that in January 1941 at Cherù "... with the task of protecting the withdrawal of the battalions... with skillful maneuver and intuition of a commander... In an entire day of furious combats on foot and horseback, he charged many times while leading his units, assaulting the preponderant adversary (in number and means) soldiers of an enemy regiment, setting tanks on fire, reaching the flank of the enemy's artilleries... although huge losses of men... Capt. Guillet... in a particularly difficult moment of this hard fight, guided with disregard of danger, an attack against enemy tanks with hand bombs and benzine bottles setting two on fire while a third managed to escape while in flames."In those months many proud Italians died, including many brave Eritreans who fought without fear for a king and a people who they never saw or knew. Even today, the "Devil Commander" uses words of deep respect and admiration for that proud population to whom he feels himself in debt as a soldier, Italian and man. He never stops to repeat that "the Eritreans are the Prussians of Africa without the defects of the Prussians". His actions had the hoped success and saved the lives of thousands of Italians and Eritreans who withdrew in the territory better known as the Amba Alagi. At dawn Gulliet charged against steel weapons with only swords, guns and hand bombs at a column of tanks. He passed unhurt through the British forces who were caught unaware. Amedeo then returned to the steps in order to recharge. In the meantime, the British succeeded to organize themselves and fire at raised zero with their howitzers. The shells ripped open the chests of Guillet's horses before exploding. It was the last cavalry charge that British forces faced as well as one of the last in the history of warfare. Guillet then turned to charge again. In the meantime however, the British had organized themselves and fired horizontally with their howitzers. Another cavalary charge took place little more than a year later when a friend of Guillet, Colonel Bettoni, launched the men of the "Savoia Cavalry" against Soviet troops in Russia at Isbuchenskij.
Guillet's Eritrean troops paid a high price in terms of human losses, approximately 800 died in little more than two years and, in March 1941, his forces found themselves stranded outside the Italian lines. Guillet, faithful until death to the oath to the House of Savoy, began a private war against the British. Hiding his uniform near an Italian farm, he set the region on fire at night for almost eight months. He was one of the most famous Italian "guerrilla officers" in Eritrea and northern Ethiopia during the Italian guerrilla war against the Allies occupation of the Italian East Africa.
After numerous adventures, including working as a water seller, Guillet was finally able to reach Yemen, where for about one year he trained soldiers and cavalrymen for the Imam's army, whose son Ahmed became a close friend. Despite the opposition of the Yemenite royal house, he succeeded in embarking incognito on a Red Cross ship repatriating sick and injured Italians and finally returned to Italy a few days before the armistice.
As soon as Guillet reached Italy he asked for Gold sovereigns, men and weapons to aid Eritrean forces. The aid would be delivered by aeroplane and enable a guerrilla campaign to be staged. But with Italy's surrender, then later joining the Allies, times had changed. Guilet was promoted to Major for his war accomplishments and was assigned to the Military Intelligence Agency (SIM). In this role, perhaps ironically, he was chosen by the British for some very dangerous missions on Italian territory that was still under Nazi Occupation. He worked closely with an official of the services, a cadet of Colonel Harari, Victor Dan Segre, who later became his close friend and biographer. Colonel Harari was the commander of the British special unit services that tried to capture Guillet in Italian East Africa.
At the end of the war, and with the abolition of the monarchy, Guillet expressed a deep desire to leave Italy. He informed Umberto II of his intentions, but the King obliged him to keep serving his country in whatever form of government it would become. As always, he couldn't disobey an order from his King, so he expressed his desire to teach anthropology at university.
Later life.
Following the war Guillet entered the Italian diplomatic service where he represented Italy in Egypt, Yemen, Jordan, Morocco, and finally as ambassador to India until 1975. In 1971, he was in Morocco during an assassination attempt on the King.
On June 20, 2000 he was awarded honorary citizenship by the city of Capua, which he defined as "highly coveted".
On 4 November 2000, the day of the Festivity of the Armed Forces, Guillet was presented with the Knight Grand Cross of the Military Order of Italy by President Carlo Azeglio Ciampi. This is the highest military decoration in Italy. Guillet is one of the most highly decorated (both civil and military) people in Italian history. In 2001, Gulliet visited Eritrea and was met by thousands of supporters. The group included men who previously served with him as horsemen in the Italian Cavalry known as Gruppo Bande a Cavallo. The Eritrean people remembered Gulliet's efforts to help Eritrea remain independent of Ethiopia.
Since 1974 Guillet had been living in retirement in Kentstown, County Meath, Ireland although latterly he had spent his winters in Italy. For some years he was a member of and hunted with the Tara Harriers and the Meath Hounds.
In 2009, his 100th birthday was celebrated with a special concert at the Palazzo Barberini in Rome.
Amedeo married Beatrice Gandolfo in 1944. The couple subsequently had two sons; Paolo and Alfredo. Beatrice died in 1990.
Amedeo Guillet died on June 16, 2010 in Rome.
Documentary Film.
In 2007 Guillet's life story was the subject of a film made by Elisabetta Castana for RAI.

</doc>
<doc id="2894247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894247" title="Me &amp; My Katamari">
Me &amp; My Katamari

Story.
The King of All Cosmos and the Royal Family decide to take some time off from their celestial construction and travel to Earth for a well-earned (for the Prince at least) tropical summer vacation on their own sunny island. Unfortunately, the King's over-exuberance creates a tsunami that strikes and devastates nearby Paradise Commonwealth Island. One of the residents, a turtle, washes ashore next to the Royal Family and tells them his tale. The King then decides to make new islands for the animals of the Commonwealth with several katamari. Similar to the previous "Katamari" titles, the King sends the Prince to the Sunflower Continent, which is full of the paraphernalia used to create new landmasses.
Gameplay.
Gameplay is much like that of the previous "Katamari" titles. Controls differ from those of the PS2 games given that the PSP lacks the DualShock 2 dual analog sticks. The player uses the D-pad and the four face buttons to imitate the analog controls. Often forgotten, as the creators added this only for the North American release, is the ability to use the thumb-nub instead of the D-pad (the previous Japanese version only uses the thumb-nub to move the camera). The L and R buttons are used for tight turns.
Location.
The Sunflower Continent is the main level in the game. For variety, the time of day and season constantly change during different missions. There are five stages of the game, rising up to the World where the katamari can reach over 4000 m.
Multiplayer.
Each player has his or her own island, which they name. A maximum of three of the player's friends can visit the island, via ad hoc network. The visitor can challenge the player in a contest of rolling the most valuables, like the Saving Red Panda stage in "We Love Katamari".
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack, Katamari Original Soundtrack Damacy, is made up of featured tunes from the previous "Katamari" titles, such as the song "Katamari on the Rocks", and a few original compositions, such as "Katamari on the Funk".
Reception.
"Me & My Katamari" was met with positive to average reception upon release. GameRankings gave it a score of 76.31%, while Metacritic gave it 75 out of 100.

</doc>
<doc id="2894263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894263" title="Cranberry River (West Virginia)">
Cranberry River (West Virginia)

The Cranberry River is a tributary of the Gauley River located in southeastern West Virginia in the United States. It is a part of the Mississippi River watershed, by way of the Gauley, Kanawha, and Ohio Rivers, draining an area of .
The river has also been known historically as Cranberry Creek.
Geography.
The Cranberry River is formed in southwestern Pocahontas County by the confluence of its North and South forks. The South Fork, the longer of the two at a length of , rises on Cranberry Mountain just west of the Highland Scenic Highway before flowing through the Cranberry Glades Botanical Area. The North Fork rises about north on Black Mountain.
Below the confluence of its forks, the Cranberry flows for generally westward towards its mouth at the Gauley River near Craigsville.
Since the river flows mostly through United States Forest Service land, no more than a handful of people live along its banks; the few that do reside near the mouth of the river. However, the Cranberry River has several pay campgrounds, free campsites, and picnic areas along its banks.
Fishing.
The Cranberry River and its small tributaries are regarded as some of the finest trout streams in the eastern United States. Until recently, however, trout fishing on the south fork was limited to the lower half of the river due to acid rain. The West Virginia Division of Natural Resources has worked to counter this problem by installing a liming station on the north fork of the river.

</doc>
<doc id="2894269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894269" title="Hop on Pop">
Hop on Pop

Hop on Pop (ISBN 978-0-394-80029-5) is a 1963 children's picture book by Dr. Seuss (Theodor Seuss Geisel). It was published as part of the Random House Beginner Books series, and is subtitled "The Simplest Seuss for Youngest Use". It contains several short poems about a variety of characters, and is designed to introduce basic phonics concepts to children.
History.
One of Geisel's manuscript drafts for the book contained the lines, "When I read I am smart / I always cut whole words apart. / Con Stan Tin O Ple, Tim Buk Too / Con Tra Cep Tive, Kan Ga Roo." Geisel had included the contraceptive reference to ensure that publisher Bennett Cerf was reading the manuscript. Cerf did notice the line, and the poem was changed to the following: "My father / can read / big words, too. / Like... / Constantinople / and / Timbuktu."
Reception.
A popular choice of elementary school teachers and children's librarians, "Hop on Pop" ranked sixteenth on "Publishers Weekly"'s 2001 list of the all-time best-selling hardcover books for children. Based on a 2007 online poll, the National Education Association named the book one of its "Teachers' Top 100 Books for Children."
One of the book's most notable advocates is former United States First Lady Laura Bush, who listed it as her favorite book in a 2006 "Wall Street Journal" article. "It features Dr. Seuss's typically wonderful illustrations and rhymes, of course, but the main thing for me is the family memory—the loving memory—that the book evokes of George lying on the floor and reading it to our daughters, Barbara and Jenna. They were little bitty things, and they took "Hop on Pop" literally, and jumped on him—we have the pictures to prove it," she wrote.
In 2013, an official complaint was made to the Toronto Public Library that the book "encourages children to use violence against their fathers." The library decided against removing the book, finding it "is a humorous and well-loved children’s book designed to engage children while teaching them reading skills."
Inspiration for others.
Like many Dr. Seuss books, "Hop on Pop" has inspired others. Big Brother Mouse, a publishing project in Laos, drew on "Hop on Pop" to develop "The Polar Bear Visits Laos", which matches short sentences that include an internal rhyme with cartoon images.

</doc>
<doc id="2894286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894286" title="Robert Heller">
Robert Heller

Robert Heller, also Joseph Heller, (born William Henry Palmer; 1826–1878) was an English magician, mentalist, and musician. The year of his birth is the subject of some speculation; some sources list it as 1829 while others claim 1830.
As the son of a famous concert pianist, Heller began his life as a musician studying at the Royal Academy of Music. After becoming fascinated with magic at age 14, Heller began copying his idol Jean Eugène Robert-Houdin, from whom he adopted his first name. Heller left his scholarship at the academy to become a professional magician.
Heller's magic career began in New York City in 1858. In an attempt to copy the style of Houdin, Heller wore a dark wig and spoke in a French accent when he performed. His act was such a failure that he moved to Washington, D.C. to become a music teacher. 
Heller married one of his pupils, the daughter of a wealthy Washington resident and would eventually return to New York. Deciding to try his magic act again, Heller abandoned the accent and image of before and focused on the presentation of his illusions. His tour that spanned from 1869 to 1875 became a success throughout much of the United States, Great Britain, Europe, and Asia. Heller's success prompted fellow magician Harry Kellar to change his name as to avoid the impression that he was copying the greatness of Heller.
Heller retired from magic after his successful tour. He spent the remaining years of his life performing piano in Washington, D.C. In 1878, Heller died suddenly of pneumonia in Philadelphia, USA and was buried in Mount Moriah Cemetery in Yeadon, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="2894290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894290" title="Rhys Lloyd">
Rhys Lloyd

Rhys John Lloyd (pronounced "Reece") (born June 5, 1982) is an American football placekicker who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the Baltimore Ravens as an undrafted free agent in 2005. He played college football at Minnesota.
Lloyd has also been a member of the Green Bay Packers, Frankfurt Galaxy, Carolina Panthers, Minnesota Vikings and New York Giants.
Early years.
Lloyd attended Eastview High School in Apple Valley, Minnesota and lettered in football and soccer.
College career.
Lloyd was the placekicker, kickoff man and punter for the Minnesota Golden Gophers from 2003 to 2004. Rhys was also a two-time All-American placekicker for Rochester Community and Technical College.
Professional career.
Early NFL career.
Lloyd entered the NFL draft, but had to sign as an undrafted free agent after the 2005 draft with the Baltimore Ravens, who released him before the start of the regular season. On April 10, 2006, he was signed by the Green Bay Packers; however, he was subsequently released on May 1, 2006.
NFL Europa.
Rhys was signed by the Frankfurt Galaxy of the NFL Europa in 2007. He was named the NFL Europa special teams player of the week in week 3 by tying the league record for the longest field goal in League history with a 56 yarder. Lloyd had signed with the Frankfurt Galaxy at the conclusion of NFL Europa kicking camp in Tampa, Florida. He played the 2006-2007 season in Europe and then and came back to the US.
Return to NFL.
Lloyd signed with the Baltimore Ravens again as a free agent in 2007 and made an impressive 55-yard field goal in the Ravens preseason finale against Atlanta and, subsequently, survived the Ravens final cut and signed with the team for the regular season as a kicker. He went back and forth between being on the active roster, on the practice squad, and being a free agent.
Lloyd was claimed off waivers by the Carolina Panthers on December 26, 2007. He signed a multi-year contract with the team in 2008. The Panthers used Lloyd primarily as a kickoff specialist, with veteran placekicker John Kasay handling the field goal duties. Lloyd led the NFL in 2008 in touchbacks on kickoffs with 30 on the season. Lloyd signed with the Minnesota Vikings on March 8, 2010. This deal put him back near his alma mater Eastview High School in Apple Valley, Minnesota. He was released by the Vikings on September 4, 2010.
Carolina signed Rhys Lloyd on September 14, 2010. Their previous kickoff starter, Todd Carter (who started the first game of the Panthers 2010 season) was suffering from back spasms, and was cut to allow roster space for Lloyd. On August 16, 2011, Lloyd signed with the New York Giants. He was released during final preseason cuts on September 3, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="2894292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894292" title="Jonas R. McClintock">
Jonas R. McClintock

Jonas R. McClintock (January 8, 1808 – November 25, 1879), served as Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1836 to 1839. He was the first Medical Doctor to serve as mayor of Pittsburgh.
Early life.
James Roup McClintock was born in Pennsylvania in 1808. He graduated from the University of Pittsburgh. He attended the University of Maryland Medical School, earning an M.D. in 1830. He rose to local fame heroically treating his fellow Pittsburghers during the cholera epidemics in the early 1830s. In 1832 he organized Pittsburgh's very first board of health, he also was a member of the local vigilance committee and the volunteer fire company.
Pittsburgh politics.
At the very youthful age of 28 he became mayor, much on his fame and legend making the city safe from cholera and fire earlier in the decade. He was known affectionately as the "Boy Mayor". His mayoral administration had to deal with hard financial times in the late 1830s. However, he succeeded in major infrastructure improvements in the city including the original "cut" of Grant's Hill, a steep bluff boxing the city in on the east. The "cut" allowed for settlement of an area of the city previously uninhabitable because of the grade of the land.
Later life.
Upon leaving the mayor's office, McClintock ran successfully for state Senator in 1853. His stay in Harrisburg was highlighted by his championing of commonwealth legislation promoting free secondary education. When the U.S. Civil War divided the nation, Dr. McClintock help organize a troop company for battle, it numbered over 3,500 men. In 1879 he died from a strangulated hernia. He was buried in Allegheny Cemetery.

</doc>
