<doc id="2897406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897406" title="Philmont Scout Ranch camps">
Philmont Scout Ranch camps

Philmont Scout Ranch camps are a group of backpacking camps located in Philmont Scout Ranch, a large property in Colfax County near Cimarron, New Mexico, owned by the Boy Scouts of America and used as a backpacking reservation. Philmont operates from one large Base Camp which includes camping headquarters, the Philmont Training Center and Villa Philmonte, the Seton Museum, fire response facilities, cattle headquarters, and an administration area. As of 2014, there were 76 trail camps and 35 staffed camps. Philmont's camps are generally set no more than a couple of miles apart. Old camps are closed or relocated and new camps are opened every few years. Some camp sites are closed due to changing safety protocols. For example, camps were once located on top of Urraca Mesa and in the Baldy Saddle but these are unlikely to reopen because the locations are at risk for lightning strikes.
Base Camp.
Base Camp is the center of all Philmont administration, ingress, and egress. Most of its area is occupied by Camping Headquarters; ancillary facilities include the Seton Museum (devoted to Ernest Thompson Seton's Woodcraft Indians and other works), the Philmont Training Center and Villa Philmonte, the fire response facilities, the cattle headquarters, and the administration area. Its population exceeds that of Cimarron on most nights of the summer, according to the hiker's pamphlet. Mark Anderson is the current head of programs.
The Welcome Center is a large pavilion, which serves as a waiting area for crews arriving or departing from the ranch as well as crews leaving or returning on a trek. The Welcome Center's small office offers check-in instructions and general information. The Camp Administration and Logistical Services manage registration and orchestrate all the ranch's operations.
There are two dining halls, one for campers and one for staff. Services is a large L-shaped building whose facilities include rental and return of gear and issuance of trail food, lockers, in which crews may store gear they do not want to take on the trail, and a post office, which handles mail for staff and crew members.
The Health Lodge has health officers that communicate with backcountry staff by radio and can dispatch vehicles to retrieve people if necessary. Tooth of Time Traders sells camping and backpacking gear as well as souvenirs. The Snack Bar is in the same building at the trading post and sells snack foods, ice cream, and beverages.
There are four chapels: Catholic, Protestant, Jewish, and Latter-day Saints. Each chapel holds services every evening for incoming and some outgoing crews.
There are three tent cities: Trailbound, Homebound, and Staff. Each contains several shower houses. The staff tent city's capacity is roughly 900, though it is rarely full; Trailbound and Homebound each hold between 400 and 500 trekkers.
Staffed camps.
There are 34 staffed camps at Philmont, where staff members reside during the summer to run the camp's "program", which consists of a wide variety of activities. Camps often carry a historical or modern theme, such as logging (Crater Lake and Pueblano), mining or blacksmithing (French Henry, Cypher's Mine, and Black Mountain), fur trapping and mountain man life (Miranda, Clear Creek), challenge events (Dan Beard, Head of Dean, and Urraca) or western lore (Beaubien, Clark's Fork, or Ponil). The program in a camp is run by staff known as Program Counselors. These Program Counselors are supervised by a Camp Director.
Specific program activities include black-powder rifle loading and shooting, shotgun shooting and reloading, .30-06 shooting, trail rides on horseback, burro packing and racing, rock climbing (on artificial towers as well as actual rock faces at Miner's Park, Cimarroncito and Dean Cow), tomahawk throwing, branding, search and rescue training, mountain bicycling, Mexican homesteading, blacksmithing, goldpanning, obstacle courses, archeological sites, spar pole climbing, and a variety of campfires and evening programs.
Most staffed camps contain several campsites of the same sort which appear in trail camps (with the exception of French Henry); however, the primary distinguishing factor is the presence of one or several cabins. There is always a main cabin, where an arriving crew is given a "porch talk" by one of the staff members. This includes information about available program, location of trash receptacles, and other timely information such as the presence of "problem bears." Camps in the Valle Vidal (Seally Canyon, Ring Place and Whitman Vega) have yurts, large circular semi-permanent tents which allow for bear defense but may be removed in the off-season in the interest of leave no trace camping, rather than cabins.
Most staffed camps have a swap box—a box in which crews may place unwanted food and take anything they might desire. Predictably, swap boxes tend to fill up with foods that people tend not to like, get too much of, or food no one wants to carry.
With several exceptions, staffed camps accept garbage (not trash), send and receive mail, and offer purified water. The exceptions are those camps which have no road access or where the camps receive their supply shipments by burro. All staffed camps also contain radios, by which staff members can communicate with Logistical Services, the Health Lodge, or each other. The radio is used for all manner of communication, including notifications of the movements of the ranch's various vehicles, logistical inquiries between camps and Base, major and minor medical issues, and a nightly itinerary read-out which often includes world news and a weather forecast. The ranch's non-stationary staff are assigned unit numbers, by which they identify themselves on the radio. The ranch also employs a variety of esoteric radio ten-codes for rapid communication.
Current staffed camps.
Elevation = 9,040'; ; water: stream, must be treated
Trail camps.
Trail camps are those that do not have permanent staff. Trail camps typically contain several campsites, but are spread out over half a mile of trail or more, so that there is no sense of crowding. Each trail camp is identified by a map, attached to a tree or the side of a latrine at every trail which passes through it. Trail camps do not necessarily have a nearby water source. Camps without a nearby water source referred to as "dry camps".
Individual campsites are marked by a wooden sign nailed to a tree which indicates the campsite number. Signs are not supposed to be touched by anyone, in order to preserve them. Camps have a metal fire ring, which may be used for small fires unless a fire ban is in place, which is often the case, given Philmont's dry climate. There is also a sump; an L-shaped plastic pipe, with a partly exposed two-foot vertical section and a ten-foot perforated horizontal section underground. The exposed pipe is capped with a piece of mesh. Sumps are used to dispose of dirty dishwater.
Several campsites usually share a bear cable away from the campsite. This is a metal cable strung between two sturdy trees at least ten feet above the ground; it is used to hang bear bags containing items that might attract animals.
Campsites also share a latrine or toilet. Philmont latrines have the possibility of housing spiders below the seat, which is why campers are encouraged to remove possible pests on the underside of the boards with a stick. The latrines come in different configurations, but all of them are for excrement only, and are not to be urinated in, in order to reduce smell. The open-air style latrine with two adjacent seats is affectionately called the "pilot to copilot" design; this results from the joking conversation which often takes place between two campers using the toilet simultaneously. The other open-air configuration latrine, called the "pilot to bombardier", is generally preferred because its two seats are back-to-back and offer somewhat more privacy than the "pilot to copilot". Occasionally a "single pilot" - one open-air seat — may be found. The enclosed configuration, with walls and a red roof, is known as a Red Roof Inn, in joking reference to the hotel chain. Older Red Roof Inns contain two adjacent seats and no door, while newer models have two back-to-back seats, with a wall between. Portable toilets ("Time Machines") are rare in the backcountry and only found in places such as French Henry camp.

</doc>
<doc id="2897408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897408" title="Abaurrepea/Abaurrea Baja">
Abaurrepea/Abaurrea Baja

If troika goes to Spain this municipality will be merged with another...because it's very little and has only 41 inhabitants... in the rest Europe there aren't municipalites so little..
Abaurrepea/Abaurrea Baja ("Abaurrepea" is the Basque name, "Abaurrea Baja" the Spanish; both are recognised officially) is a municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre (Spanish: "Navarra"), northern Spain. It is situated approximately 67 km from the provincial capital, Pamplona. As of 2005 INE figures, the municipality has a population of c. 41 inhabitants.
Abaurrepea/Abaurrea Baja has an area of 11.1 km², and a median altitude above mean sea level of 855 m.

</doc>
<doc id="2897410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897410" title="GCfilms">
GCfilms

GCfilms is an application for managing a movie collection, now replaced by GCstar. Detailed information on each movie can be automatically retrieved from the Internet and the user can store additional data, such as the location, format or whom he/she has lent them to. The user may also search and filter the collection by criteria such as director, genre, rating and more.
According to the developer's web page, GCfilms is being superseded by a similar, more generalized personal collections manager, GCstar. 
__TOC__
Features.
Automatic retrieval.
Information concerning the movie can be automatically retrieved from various Internet websites. Information about movies can also be entered in manually.
Import and export.
GCfilms supports importing collections created by other movie database programs such as Tellico or Ant Movie Catalog. The movies lists can also be exported to various formats including HTML, XML or SQL.
The mascot.
The GCfilms mascot is a blue periscope named Péri. He was created by LE SPEKTRE.
Platforms.
GCfilms may be used on any system for which Gtk2-Perl is available. It is included in many Linux distributions, and also in FreeBSD ports. A version for Microsoft Windows also exists.
License.
GCfilms is released under the GNU General Public License. Images associated with the project, for example Péri, are released under a dual license: GNU General Public License (to be used in GCfilms) and Creative Commons Attribution ShareAlike License v. 2.5 (to let other designers use it).

</doc>
<doc id="2897418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897418" title="Aberin">
Aberin

Aberin is a municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2897419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897419" title="George McCowan">
George McCowan

George McCowan (June 27, 1927 – November 1, 1995) was a Canadian film (mostly TV movies) and TV director in the 1960s, 70s and 80s.
McCowan began his career working for the Canadian Broadcasting Company. He moved to the United States from Canada in 1967 and stayed there.
He is most notable for directing seven episodes of "Charlie's Angels", directing episodes of "S.W.A.T." directing episodes of "Starsky and Hutch" and directing every episode of the popular Canadian series "Seeing Things". He worked more often with such shows as "The Streets of San Francisco", "Fantasy Island", and "Hart to Hart". McCowan directed the 1970 TV movie "Carter's Army", 1971 Canadian hockey film "Face-Off", the 1972 film "The Magnificent Seven Ride!", the 1972 horror film "Frogs", and the 1976 film "Shadow of the Hawk". 
McCowan also directed the film "H. G. Wells' The Shape of Things to Come" and the 1970 television war movie, "The Challenge", but for the latter he chose to be credited as Alan Smithee.
McCowan died in 1995 in Santa Monica, California.

</doc>
<doc id="2897426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897426" title="Stanley Park (Westfield, Massachusetts)">
Stanley Park (Westfield, Massachusetts)

Stanley Park is a privately owned park, including an arboretum and botanical garden, located in Westfield, Massachusetts. It is open to the public daily without charge from May to November.
The park was established in 1945 by the philanthropist Frank Stanley Beveridge (1879–1956). It includes a number of gardens, listed below, as well as a playground, soccer fields, tennis courts, picnic area, wildlife sanctuary, colonial pond, covered bridge, and blacksmith shop.
Stanley Park is located on Western Avenue in the suburban town of Westfield, Massachusetts. It was founded by its benefactor Frank Stanley Beveridge in 1949. The park began on a plot, but now spans with multiple gardens, trails, and playing fields. It is only a short walking distance from Westfield State College, which is located on the same street.
History of Frank Stanley Beveridge.
Frank Stanley Beveridge was born in Nova Scotia, Canada in 1879, and he moved to western Massachusetts in 1900 to attend Mount Hermon School in Northfield. After graduating, he travelled to New York where he married and began a family. At this time, Beveridge was very successful in his work and began Stanley Home Products in Westfield, MA. The company is known today as Stanhome, Inc. He founded the Frank Stanley Beveridge Foundation in 1947, to both perform charitable works and to further his legacy. He founded Stanley Park in 1949, on of land at 400 Western Ave, Westfield. After his death in 1956, the foundation still honors his contributions to the community.
General information.
Stanley Park’s hours of operation are from 7:00 am until nightfall everyday. It is open beginning on the first Saturday in May, and closes for the season on the last Sunday in November. The park is open to the public and does not charge for admission.
Stanley Park features multiple natural walking trails, throughout the woods and along the Little River, as well as leading to a variety of ponds, gardens, and wildlife sanctuary. Along with experiencing nature, Stanley Park features great opportunities to learn about the area’s history, through operating mills, a meetinghouse, blacksmith shop, Asian teahouse, and dinosaur tracks. Stanley Park is also an excellent choice for recreation, with many playing fields, a playground, and pavilions ideal for picnics.
Walking tours of the park and its attractions are available from June through August on Saturday mornings from 9:00 am – 10:00 am. Tours begin at the Carillon Tower.
Events.
Carillon concerts.
Stanley Park holds annual Carillon concerts every first and third Sunday each month. These concerts take place from May to November; beginning at 3:00 pm and ending at 4:00 pm.
Eastern Lights.
Stanley Park celebrates a Slavic practice of lighting lanterns and dancing in the eastern European tradition. Children also don Polish dress.
Friday Mornings for Children.
Stanley Park offers various children’s activities during the summer on Friday mornings. These include story telling, skits, and puppets.
Zoo on the Go.
Stanley Park hosts a travelling zoo on three occasions during the summer. Children may pet and ask zookeepers questions about the animals during the event.
Wheel Walk.
An annual Wheel Walk to promote accessibility at the park. Food and games provided.

</doc>
<doc id="2897428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897428" title="Chrysler Town &amp; Country (1941–1988)">
Chrysler Town &amp; Country (1941–1988)

The Chrysler Town & Country was a station wagon manufactured by Chrysler Corporation and sold under its flagship brand from 1941–1988. The model was also sold as a sedan, coupe, and convertible from 1947–1950 and as a convertible again from 1983–1986.
Chrysler re-introduced the Town & Country nameplate as a luxury rebadged variant of the Dodge Caravan minivan in 1990 and continues to sell this incarnation of the Town & Country to the present day.
1941–1950.
The Town & Country was a debut of the first woodie wagon with an all-steel roof; the roof used was that of the big Chrysler Imperial 8-passenger sedan and limousine, which led to a unique (and compromised) rear loading arrangement with wooden double doors that opened hutch-style beneath a fixed rear window. Production of the cars stopped during World War II. In 1941 and 1942, fewer than 1,000 were manufactured.
General Motors claims the distinction of mass-producing the first pillarless hardtop coupes in 1949; however Chrysler built seven Town and Country versions of this body style in 1946, of which only one survives today. The T&C hardtop finally went into production for the 1950 model year.
After the war the Town & Country nameplate returned, but the station wagon body did not. Town & Country sedans, coupes, and convertibles were also produced from 1946 to 1950 in much larger numbers than the prewar wagon. Production of the original, woodie Town & Country ended in 1950.
The 1950 Crosley Hot Shot is often given credit for the first production disc brakes but the Chrysler Crown Imperial actually had them first as standard equipment at the beginning of the 1949 model year. The Chrysler 4-wheel disc brake system was built by Auto Specialties Manufacturing Company (Ausco) of St. Joseph, Michigan, under patents of inventor H.L. Lambert, and was first tested on a 1939 Plymouth. Unlike the caliper disc, the Ausco-Lambert utilized twin expanding discs that rubbed against the inner surface of a cast iron brake drum, which doubled as the brake housing. 
The Ausco-Lambert disc brake was complex, and because of the expense, the brakes were only standard on the Chrysler Crown Imperial through 1954 and the Town and Country Newport in 1950. They were optional, however, on other Chryslers, priced around $400, at a time when an entire Crosley Hot Shot retailed for $935. 
1951–1959.
After the woodies were discontinued, the Town & Country name was immediately transferred to a steel-bodied full-size rear wheel drive station wagon, coinciding with the debut of the company's first V8 engine (then called FireDome, but later dubbed HEMI). This wagon introduced several firsts, including roll-down rear windows for tailgates in 1951 and rear-facing third row seats in 1957, rear wipers in 1968, integral air deflectors in 1969 and ignition interlock to prevent children from opening the gate while the car was running in 1971.
The 1951 Town & Country wagons were offered in the Windsor, Saratoga and New Yorker series. The New Yorker version disappeared for 1952, but reappeared for 1953 when the Saratoga series was dropped. The Windsor version lasted through 1960, then was moved to the new Newport series for 1961; the New Yorker edition continued through 1965. Then in 1969, the Town & Country became a series in its own right.
1960–1964.
From 1960 to 1964, the New Yorker Town and Country remained on the 126 inch wheelbase, while first the Windsor then the Newport Town and Country models rode a wheelbase of 122 inches. These were the roomiest factory-bodied, automobile-based station wagons on the market at the time. Six roof pillar hardtop styling was available on these cars. These were the first large wagons, and among the largest automobiles ever built, with unibody construction.
1978–1981.
Starting in 1978, and ending in 1981, the Town & Country moved to the same bodytype or shell as the compact rear wheel drive Dodge Aspen/Plymouth Volare wagons. The more upmarkets were considered a separate series, designated the Chrysler M platform, which included the Chrysler LeBaron, Dodge Diplomat, and Plymouth Gran Fury as well as the Town & Country. There were, however, not many substantial differences in the chassis and powertrain, and only Town & Country had plastic woodgrain trim on the sides.
1982–1988.
From 1982 to 1988, the Town & Country name was used on a station wagon version of the K-based, front wheel drive LeBaron, featuring plastic woodgrain exterior trim. A convertible version was manufactured from 1983 to 1986 which featured plastic woodgrain paneling to bring up comparisons to the original 1940s convertibles.
1990–present.
In 1990 the Town & Country name was applied to a the new Chrysler branded luxury minivan, based on the Dodge Grand Caravan and Plymouth Grand Voyager, which had both been introduced in 1984. The Town & Country has been redesigned in 1991, 1996, 2001, and 2008, with each generation adding new technology and numerous industry firsts.

</doc>
<doc id="2897429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897429" title="Ablitas">
Ablitas

Ablitas is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarra, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2897436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897436" title="Political funding in Japan">
Political funding in Japan

In Japan, the problem of political funding was intensely debated during the late 1980s and early 1990s, partly as a result of revelations following the Recruit scandal of 1988-89. The scandal arose as a result of the dealings of Ezoe Hiromasa, the ambitious chairman of the board of the Recruit Corporation (a professional search service that had diversified into finance and real estate and had become involved in politics), who sold large blocks of untraded shares in a subsidiary, Recruit Cosmos, to seventy-six individuals. When the stock was traded over the counter in 1986, its price jumped, earning individual investors as much as ¥100 million in after-sales profits. The persons involved included the most influential leaders of the LDP (usually through their aides or spouses) and a smaller number of opposition party figures. Although such insider trading was not strictly illegal, it caused public outrage at a time when the ruling party was considering a highly controversial consumption tax. Before the scandal ran its course, Takeshita Noboru was obliged to resign as prime minister in April 1989, a senior aide committed suicide in expiation for his leader's humiliation, and former Prime Minister Nakasone Yasuhiro resigned from the LDP—becoming an "independent" Diet member—to spare the much-tainted party further shame.
Regarding the background issue of political funding, a group of parliamentarians belonging to the ruling LDP estimated in 1987 that annual expenses for ten newly elected members of the Diet averaged ¥120 million each, or about US$800,000. This figure, which included expenses for staff and constituent services in a member's home district, including local supporters, was less than the average for Diet members as a whole, because long-term incumbents tended to incur higher expenses. Yet in the late 1980s, the government provided each Diet member with only ¥20 million for annual operating expenses, leaving ¥100 million to be obtained through private contributions, political party faction bosses, or other means. The lack of public funding meant that politicians—especially, but not exclusively, members of the LDP— needed constant infusions of cash or milk money to stay in office.
Maintaining staff and offices in Tokyo and the home district constituted the biggest expense for Diet members. Near-obligatory attendance at the weddings and funerals of constituents and their families, however, was another large financial drain: the Japanese custom requires that attendees contribute cash, handed over discreetly in elaborately decorated envelopes, to the parents of the bride and groom or to the bereaved.
After revelations of corrupt activities forced the resignation of Prime Minister Tanaka Kakuei, postwar Japan's most skillful practitioner of "money politics," in 1974, the 1948 Political Funds Control Law was amended to establish ceilings for contributions from corporations, other organizations, and individuals. This change forced Diet members to seek a larger number of smaller contributions to maintain cash flow. Fund-raising parties to which tickets were sold were a major revenue source during the 1980s, and the abuse of these ticket sales became a public concern. Another related problem was the secrecy surrounding political funds and their use. Although many politicians, including members of newly appointed cabinets, voluntarily disclosed their personal finances, such disclosure is not compulsory and many sources of revenue remain obscure.
Proposals for system reform in the early 1990s included compulsory full disclosure of campaign funding, more generous public allowances for Diet members to reduce (or, ideally, to eliminate) their reliance on under-the-table contributions, and stricter penalties for violators, including lengthy periods of being barred from running for public office. Some commentators advocated replacement of the lower house's multiple-seat election district system with single-seat constituencies like those found in Britain and the United States. It was argued that the multiple-seat districts made election campaigning more expensive because party members from the same district had to compete among themselves for the votes of the same constituents. It was hoped that the smaller size of single-seat districts would also reduce the expense of staff, offices, and constituent services. Critics argued, however, that the creation of single-seat constituencies would virtually eliminate the smaller opposition parties and would either create a United States-style two-party system or give the LDP an even greater majority in the lower house than it enjoyed under the multiple-seat system.
In contrast with multimillion-dollar United States political campaigns, direct expenses for the comparatively short campaigns before Japanese general, upper house, and local elections are relatively modest. The use of posters and pamphlets is strictly regulated, and candidates appear on the noncommercial public television station, NHK, to give short campaign speeches. Most of this activity is publicly funded. Campaign sound-trucks wove their way through urban and rural streets, often bombarding residents with earsplitting harangues from candidates or their supporters. No politician, however, could expect to remain in office without considering expenses for constituent services the most important component of campaign expenses.
In the summer of 1993, the LDP government of Miyazawa Kiichi was brought down largely as a result of its failure to pass effective political reform legislation. The minority government of Hosokawa Morihiro that succeeded it proposed legislation to ban direct contributions by companies or unions to parliamentary candidates and to reform the diet. Public funding of political parties was strengthened, giving each party 250 Yen for each vote it attained.
A new electoral system was installed: The lower house was divided between 300 single-seat constituencies and 200 seats distributed by proportional representation. Candidates on the proportional representation bloc were elected from 11 regional voting blocs, where the party was given a vote. When the LDP gained power again in 1996, large parts of the reform were kept, but the representation bloc was shrunk to 180 seats in the year 2000.
Both critics and advocates of the new system were largely proven right, while there is less political infighting between candidates of one party (unless there is a real difference in opinion, such as the postal privatization issue), the system also reduced the number of small parties. The LDP remained dominant in a coalition government with the New Komeito party, until the Democratic Party of Japan seized power in 2009 under the leadership of Yukio Hatoyama.

</doc>
<doc id="2897437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897437" title="Renewal Party of Ordino">
Renewal Party of Ordino

Renewal Party of Ordino () was a local political party in Ordino, Andorra.
PRO won the 1999 local elections in Ordino. Head of the list of the party, Enric Dolsa Font became mayor.
In the 2003 local elections, Enric Dolsa Font was reelected as mayor, now as a candidate of the Liberal Party of Andorra.

</doc>
<doc id="2897440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897440" title="Lola Cordova">
Lola Cordova

Lola Cordova is a single-issue French graphic novel, written and drawn by Arthur Qwak, and published in April 2005. The extremely non-linear story tells the adventures of a prostitute who is kidnapped by aliens who wish to destroy the world.
It was republished in the march 08 issue of HEAVY METAL

</doc>
<doc id="2897444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897444" title="French colonial flags">
French colonial flags

Some of the colonies, protectorates and mandates of the French Colonial Empire used distinctive colonial flags. These most commonly had a French Tricolour in the canton.
As well as the flags of individual colonies, the governors-general of French colonies flew a square flag with a blue field and the French ensign in the canton. This flag was flown beneath the national ensign. Colonial governors used a rectangular swallow-tailed version of this flag.
Colonial flags with a tricolour canton.
The flags with the French flag in the canton, which on many occasions were already existing flags without the tricolour, resembled the British colonial flags, which originated as defacements of the British ensigns, which have the British Union Jack in the canton, and a red, white or blue fly. Naval sources show flags such as those used in the French Mandate of Syria as having the tricolour with unequal stripes, as in the French ensign, but it is likely that these version of the flags were used at sea, and on land the tricolour had the standard equal stripes.
While for the sake of simplicity French colonial ensign are on this page classified by appearance, this should not be taken to imply common origins or the existence of undefaced ensigns used by the French government unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="2897445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897445" title="Moseley Old Hall">
Moseley Old Hall

Moseley Old Hall is a National Trust property located in Fordhouses, north of Wolverhampton in the United Kingdom. It is famous as one of the resting places of Charles II of England during his escape to France following defeat at the Battle of Worcester in 1651.
Background.
The Hall was built in 1600 and was the home of the Whitgreaves, a local Staffordshire family, mostly Catholics and Royalists. Thomas Whitgreave assisted Charles II when he arrived in the early hours of 8 September after the journey from Boscobel House. Thomas gave the King dry clothes, food, and a proper bed (his first since Worcester on 3 September). The King was hidden in the priest-hole for two days whilst planning the route for his escape. He was accompanied by the family's Catholic priest John Huddleston who cleaned and bandaged the King's feet. 
Descendants of the Whitgreave family owned the house until 1925, and during that time made few structural changes, apart from encasing the Hall with brick walls and replacing the Elizabethan windows. After the 1820s, it appears to have been abandoned as the family home, in favour of Moseley Court, a new Regency style house built for George Whitgreave. It was used as a farmhouse until the Second World War but was suffering from neglect when the National Trust took it over in 1962. It is now fully restored, and furnished with generous donations of period furniture. The original four-poster bed used by Charles stands in the King's room.

</doc>
<doc id="2897446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897446" title="Kumher">
Kumher

Kumbher is a historical city and municipality in the Bharatpur district of Rajasthan, India. It was founded by a Jat chieftain Kumbh.
Geography.
Kumher is located at . It has an average elevation of 176 metres (577 feet). Kumher is also the birthplace of the illustrious Arya Samaji Vedic and Ayurvedic scholar, Pt. Satyendranath Vaidya (1902–1982).Gopal Oil & Flour Mills,famous for ethical values of its promoter's family,producer of "SETHJI BRAND" Mustard oil, is also situated at Kumher.
Demographics.
At the time of the 2001 India census, Kumher had a population of 30,500. Males constitute 54% of the population and females 46%. Kumher has an average literacy rate of 84%, higher than the national average of 59.5%: male literacy is 95%, and female literacy is 75%. In Kumher, 90% of the population is under 6 years of age.
Famous Kishori Mahals (Palaces), Jal Mahal's are in Kumher. Kumher is also part of Braj Bhumi includes Govardhan Parikrima and Punchri Ka Lotha. Famous Temples in Kumer are Satya Narain Mandir, Hanuman Mandir, Jaharbir Baba Mandir, Guru Gorakh Nath Mandir, Shaktidhaam Mandir, Man Santoshi Mandir, Man Jwala Devi Mandir, Shri Ganeshji Mandir.Luxminarain Mandir, Tapsi wale Hanuman Mandir.
Banking.
There are branches of some nationalised banks in Kumher, and also has theautomated teller machineof PNB, SBI, & Axis Bank .Banks having their branches at Kumher are Punjab National Bank, SBBJ, UCO Bank,ABAG Bank, & Axis bank.

</doc>
<doc id="2897450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897450" title="Lower Saxon Circle">
Lower Saxon Circle

The Lower Saxon Circle () was an Imperial Circle of the Holy Roman Empire. It covered much of the territory of the medieval Duchy of Saxony (except for Westphalia), and was originally called the Saxon Circle () before later being better differentiated from the Upper Saxon Circle by the more specific name.
An unusual aspect of this circle was that, at various times, the kings of Denmark (in Holstein), Great Britain (in Hanover) and Sweden (in Bremen) were all Princes of a number of Imperial States.
Origin.
The first plans for a Lower Saxon Circle originate from Albert II of Germany in 1438. An Imperial Saxon Circle was formally created in 1500, but in 1512 it was divided into an Upper Saxon and Lower Saxon Circle. The division was only codified in 1522, and it took a while before the separation was completely implemented by the Imperial Chamber Court. Furthermore, the first mention of an Upper Saxon Circle, a Lower Saxon Circle or the Netherlands occurred much later on. The term Lower Saxony ("Niedersachsen") was first used only in 1548.
Territory.
The Lower Saxon Circle included the easternmost part of current Lower Saxony, the northernmost part of Saxony-Anhalt (excluding the Altmark), Mecklenburg, Holstein (excluding Dithmarschen), Hamburg, Bremen, in addition to small areas in Brandenburg and Thuringia. For the most part it was a continuous territory with the exception of small enclaves like Halle and Jüterbog. Nordhausen and Mühlhausen were also areas outside the continuous portion of the imperial circle. Within the circle was the Archbishopric of Verden, which was in personal union with the Archbishopric of Bremen since 1502. The Counties of Schaumburg and Spiegelberg were also part of the personal union, but they were not a part of the Lower Saxon Circle.
By the downfall of the Holy Roman Empire, the circle was 1 240 square miles large, with 2 120 000 inhabitants. With respect to religion, almost all the citizens were Protestant. The exception was the partially Catholic Bishopric of Hildesheim.
Structure.
A large part of the circle was made up of territories ruled by the House of Welf. With the Protestant Reformation the newly converted Archbishopric of Magdeburg was ruled from 1513 by administrators from the Brandenburg line of the House of Hohenzollern. Also, in 1648 the Bishopric of Halberstadt was given to the Margraviate of Brandenburg. The Archbishopric of Bremen, after the Reformation, was ruled by Danes and Swedes, and after 1715 by the House of Welf. Through the Duchy of Oldenburg, the king of Denmark became a prince of the imperial circle. Also as a result of their possessions in the imperial circles, the kings of Prussia, Sweden, and Great Britain, who governed the Electorate of Brunswick-Lüneburg, became princes of the empire. Out of the entire empire, the Lower Saxon Circle was ruled the most by foreign kings. Regardless of this, the House of Welf's strong position with the Lower Saxon Circle prevented the dukes of Mecklenburg and the kings of Denmark from completely dominating.
Composition.
The circle was made up of the following states:
Sources.
The list of states making up the Lower Saxon Circle is based on that in the German Wikipedia article Niedersächsischer Reichskreis.

</doc>
<doc id="2897454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897454" title="Abáigar">
Abáigar

Abáigar is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2897456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897456" title="Board of Audit (Japan)">
Board of Audit (Japan)

The reviews government expenditures and submits an annual report to the Diet. Article 90 of the Constitution of Japan and the Board of Audit Act of 1947 give this body substantial independence from both cabinet and Diet control. 
In 1968 it hosted INCOSAI VI, the sixth triennial convention of the International Organization of Supreme Audit Institutions.
The headquarters is located at 3-2-2,Kasumigaseki,Chiyoda-ku,Tokyo 100-8941 Japan. 

</doc>
<doc id="2897457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897457" title="1989 NHL Entry Draft">
1989 NHL Entry Draft

The 1989 NHL Entry Draft was held on June 17 at the Met Center in Bloomington, Minnesota. The Detroit Red Wings' 1989 draft has been noted as exceptionally successful with 5,955 total NHL games played by the players selected.
Selections by round.
Below are listed the selections in the 1989 NHL Entry Draft.
Club teams are located in North America unless otherwise noted.
Selections by round:

</doc>
<doc id="2897461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897461" title="Abárzuza">
Abárzuza

Abárzuza is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2897466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897466" title="Maurice Lucas">
Maurice Lucas

Maurice Lucas (February 18, 1952 – October 31, 2010) was an American professional basketball player. The first two years of his postcollegiate career were spent in the American Basketball Association (ABA) with the Spirits of St. Louis and Kentucky Colonels. He then played twelve seasons in the National Basketball Association (NBA) with the Portland Trail Blazers, New Jersey Nets, New York Knickerbockers, Phoenix Suns, Los Angeles Lakers and Seattle SuperSonics. The starting power forward on the Trail Blazers' 1976–77 NBA Championship team, he was nicknamed The Enforcer because of his primary role on the court which was best exemplified in Game 2 of the NBA Finals that season.
College.
Lucas played college basketball for head coach Al McGuire at Marquette University for two years, leading it to the NCAA championship game in 1974. Although Marquette did not win the title, Lucas played the full 40 minutes of the game, leading his team with 21 points and 13 rebounds.
ABA.
In 1973, the Carolina Cougars of the American Basketball Association (ABA) obtained that league's rights to Lucas in the first round of the ABA draft. In 1974, Lucas was also selected by the Chicago Bulls of the National Basketball Association (NBA) with the 14th pick of the NBA draft. Lucas chose the ABA over the NBA, joining the Spirits of St. Louis team, which had since supplanted the Carolina Cougars in the ABA. During his first season, Lucas averaged 13.2 points per game, and 10 rebounds per game, and he was chosen for the 1974–75 ABA All-Rookie second team.
On December 17, 1975, part way through his second season with the Spirits, Lucas was traded to the Kentucky Colonels in exchange for Caldwell Jones. Lucas was an ABA All-Star for the 1975–76 season, and he averaged 17.0 points and 11.3 rebounds per game. Lucas remained with the Colonels through that team's loss in the semifinals of the 1976 ABA Playoffs to the Denver Nuggets and through the ABA-NBA merger in 1976.
NBA.
After the ABA-NBA merger, Lucas was selected by the Portland Trail Blazers in the subsequent ABA Dispersal Draft in which the Kentucky Colonels and Spirits of St. Louis players were selected by NBA teams. Portland had traded Geoff Petrie and Steve Hawes to the Atlanta Hawks for the second overall pick, which they used to select Lucas. In the 1976–77 NBA season, Lucas led the Trail Blazers in scoring, minutes played, field goals, free throws, and offensive rebounds. Not only did the team qualify for their first trip to the playoffs that season, but Lucas and teammate Bill Walton led the Trail Blazers past the favored Los Angeles Lakers, sweeping them 4–0 in the Western Conference Finals, and a surprising come-from-behind 4–2 upset victory over the Philadelphia 76ers in the 1977 NBA Finals.
In that NBA Finals series, Lucas asserted his "enforcer" role in Game 2. With the 76ers comfortably ahead late in the game, the Blazers streaked down the floor on a fast break. Lionel Hollins missed the shot, both Bob Gross and Darryl Dawkins went up and wrestled for the rebound, and both came crashing to the floor. As Dawkins ran up court, he threw a punch that largely missed Gross, nailing his own teammate instead. As Dawkins reached mid-court, Lucas greeted him with an elbow to the head, after which they briefly squared off. Both benches emptied and Dawkins and Lucas were ejected. Although the 76ers would go on to win the game and go up 2–0 in the series, Lucas' actions appeared to alter the momentum of the series in favor of the Blazers. Inspired, Portland won the next two games at home in blowouts, then won at Philadelphia, and closed out the 76ers at home to win the series. Lucas remained with Portland until 1980 when he was traded to the New Jersey Nets.
Lucas next moved through several different teams in several years, playing for the New York Knicks, the Phoenix Suns, the Los Angeles Lakers, helping the Lakers to the Western Conference championship series in the 1986 NBA Playoffs in his only year with that team. Next, Lucas moved to the Seattle SuperSonics for one year, before returning to the Trail Blazers for his final NBA season in 1988.
In his fourteen-year professional basketball career - two in the ABA nd 12 in the NBA - Lucas scored 14,857 points and gathered 9,306 rebounds. He was a five-time All-Star - one in the ABA and four in the NBA. He was named to the 1978 All-NBA-Defense First team, the 1978 All-NBA Second team and the 1979 All-NBA-Defense Second team.
Post-playing career.
The Portland Trail Blazers retired his jersey number, 20, in a ceremony on November 4, 1988. Lucas was hired by the team as an assistant coach under Mike Schuler and Rick Adelman during the 1988–89 season. In 2005, Lucas rejoined the Trail Blazers as an assistant coach under Nate McMillan.
On August 23, 1997 at the ABA's 30 Year Reunion celebration, Lucas was named to the All-Time All-ABA Team along with Hall of Fame members Julius Erving, Dan Issel, George Gervin, Rick Barry, Connie Hawkins and other ABA greats.
Luke Walton, son of Lucas' Portland teammate and Hall of Famer Bill Walton, is named after him.
Lucas underwent surgery for bladder cancer in April 2009. With his health continuing to be a concern, Lucas resigned his coaching position following the 2009–2010 season.
His son, David Lucas, played for Oregon State University from 2001–2005.
Lucas died at his home in Portland, Oregon, on October 31, 2010. Services were also held in his boyhood home town, Pittsburgh, PA. The Blazers honored him by wearing No. 20 patches on their jerseys for the 2010-2011 season.

</doc>
<doc id="2897467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897467" title="Leuth, Netherlands">
Leuth, Netherlands

Leuth is a village in the Dutch province of Gelderland. It is located in the municipality of Ubbergen, about 10 km east of Nijmegen.
Leuth was founded on a sandbank in the floodplain marshes north of the river Waal. The earliest mention of the settlement, named "Lotde", dates back to 891 and 892. The village belonged until 1815 to Prussia; Leuth was a separate municipality until about 1814. It became a part of the Prussian municipality Niel, until it was transferred back to the Netherlands in 1817, as a part of the municipality of Ooij en Persingen, which later has become a part of the municipality of Ubbergen.
During the second war world Leuth was severely affected. The centre of the original village was almost entirely destroyed.
The village has a small shopping centre and a primary school.

</doc>
<doc id="2897483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897483" title="Aguilar de Codés">
Aguilar de Codés

Aguilar de Codés is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarra, northern Spain.
The name "Codés" comes from neighboring Sierra de Codés, that closes the northern end of the valley where Aguilar lies.

</doc>
<doc id="2897489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897489" title="Rendille people">
Rendille people

The Rendille (also known as Rendille, Reendile, Rendili, Randali, Randile and Randille) are a Cushitic-speaking ethnic group inhabiting the northern Eastern Province of Kenya.
Etymology.
The ethnonym "Rendille" translates as "Holders of the Stick of God".
Overview.
The Rendille are believed to have originally migrated down into the Great Lakes area from Ethiopia in the more northerly Horn region, following southward population expansions by the Oromo and later the Somali.
Traditionally, they are nomadic pastoralists, tending camels, sheep, goats and cattle. The camels are generally kept in the northern part of their territory and the cattle in the southern section.
The first ethnological study of the Rendille was published at the turn of the 20th century by William A. Chanler. It described the unmixed Rendille that his party encountered as tall, slender and reddish-brown in complexion, with soft, straight hair and narrow facial features. Chanler additionally remarked that many of the Rendille possessed "fierce" blue eyes, a physical peculiarity that was also later noted by Augustus Henry Keane (1900), John Scott Keltie (1904) and John Henry Patterson (1909).
Distribution.
According to "Ethnologue", there were approximately 34,700 Rendille speakers in 2006. Most are concentrated in the Kaisut Desert and Mount Marsabit in the Marsabit District of Kenya's northern Eastern Province.
Language.
The Rendille speak the Rendille language as a mother tongue (also known as Rendile or Randile). It belongs to the Cushitic branch of the Afro-Asiatic family.
Some Rendille also use English or Swahili as working languages for communication with other populations.
The Ariaal sub-group of the Rendille, who are of mixed Nilotic and Cushitic descent, speak the Nilo-Saharan Samburu language of the Samburu Nilotes with whom they cohabit.
Genetics.
Recent advances in genetic analyses have helped shed some light on the ethnogenesis of the Rendille people. Genetic genealogy, although a novel tool that uses the genes of modern populations to trace their ethnic and geographic origins, has also helped clarify the possible background of the modern Rendille.
mtDNA.
According to an mtDNA study by Castri et al. (2008), the maternal ancestry of the contemporary Rendille consists of a mixture of Afro-Asiatic-associated lineages and Sub-Saharan haplogroups, reflecting substantial female gene flow from neighboring Sub-Saharan populations. About 30% of the Rendille belonged to the West Eurasian haplogroups I (15%), N1a (8%), M1a (3%) and R0/pre-HV (3%). The remaining samples carried various Sub-Saharan macro-haplogroup L sub-clades, mainly consisting of L0a (22%) and L2a (8%).
Autosomal DNA.
The Rendille's autosomal DNA has been examined in a comprehensive study by Tishkoff et al. (2009) on the genetic affiliations of various populations in Africa. According to the researchers, the Rendille showed significant Afro-Asiatic affinities. They also shared some ties with neighboring Nilo-Saharan and Bantu speakers in the Great Lakes region due to considerable genetic exchanges with these communities over the past 5000 or so years.
Religion.
In terms of creed, many Rendille practice a traditional religion centered on the worship of Waaq/Wakh. In the related Oromo culture, "Waaq" denotes the single god of the early pre-Abrahamic, montheistic faith believed to have been adhered to by Cushitic groups.
Some Rendille have also adopted Islam or Christianity.
Subdivisions.
According to Spencer (1973), the Rendille are organized into an age grade system of patrilineal lineage groups ("keiya"), which are subsumed under fifteen clans ("group"). Of those, only nine are considered authentic Rendille. These Northern Rendille or Rendille proper are consequently the only ones that are included in the traditional Rendille moiety ("belesi"). The remaining six clans that are excluded from the moiety consist of mixed individuals. Five of those clans are of Rendille (Cushitic) and Samburu (Nilotic) descent. Collectively, the latter hybrid groups are referred to as the "Ariaal" or Southern Rendille.

</doc>
<doc id="2897492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897492" title="Aibar">
Aibar

Aibar - Oibar is a town located in the province of Navarre, in the autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2897493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897493" title="Incorporated Council of Law Reporting">
Incorporated Council of Law Reporting

The Incorporated Council of Law Reporting for England & Wales, more commonly known as the Incorporated Council of Law Reporting (ICLR) is a registered charity based in London, England that publishes law reports of English law. The company is widely recognised as a reputable producer of reports (and the only 'official' source), which are used by students, academics, journalists, lawyers and judges across the country.
History.
The ICLR was founded in 1865 by W. T. S. Daniel Q.C., and its first meeting took place on 25 February at Westminster Hall, then the home of the Court of King's Bench, the Court of Common Pleas and the Court of Chancery. The Council was incorporated under the Companies Act 1862 in 1870.
Largely working "as a private enterprise without state aid or interference," the Council "was not intended to be profit-making except in so far as it was necessary to make it self-supporting." Working on this principle, the Council applied in 1966 for registration to become an official charity under section 4 of the Charities Act 1960. Upon rejection by the Charity Commission the Council appealed under section 5(3) of the 1960 Act, an action granted by Justice Foster in the Chancery Division of the High Court. On appeal by the Inland Revenue to the Court of Appeal, who were joint defendants with the Attorney General, it was held that "the Council was established for exclusively charitable purposes since its purpose was to further the development and administration of the law and to make it known or accessible to all members of the community, which was a purpose beneficial to the community and of general public utility." In 1970, then, the ICLR was successfully registered as a charity in England and Wales.
Currently chaired by His Honour Judge N. M. Chambers Q.C., the ICLR consists of members nominated by each of the Inns of Court and by the General Council of the Bar, and is based on Chancery Lane, London.
Objectives and procedures.
According to the company's memorandum of association, the ICLR was established with the following principal aim:
The ICLR also has a set of criteria for law reporting, originally proposed by Nathaniel Lindley (who later became Master of the Rolls and subsequently a Lord of Appeal), which said that care should be taken to exclude from the reports those cases that passed without discussion and were valueless as precedents, and those that were substantially repetitions of earlier reports to which was added the following list of valuable (and thus worthy of reporting) categories:
Publications.
The primary series of reports published by the ICLR is The Law Reports, which the Council maintains are "'the most authoritative reports' and should always be 'cited in preference where there is a choice'." This series is divided into four main sub-series:
Additional reports published by the ICLR include The Weekly Law Reports (W.L.R.), started in 1953 and covering what the ICLR describe as "the cases that really matter, which either develop the law in some way or introduce a new point of law"; the Industrial Cases Reports (I.C.R.), started in 1975 and covering cases of employment law heard in the House of Lords, the Court of Appeal, the High Court, the Employment Appeal Tribunal and the European Court of Justice, as well as "cases of special interest" from the Privy Council, the Court of Session and employment tribunals; The Business Law Reports (Bus. L.R.), started in 2007 and covering company, commercial and intellectual property law; and The Public and Third Sector Law Reports (P.T.S.R.), started in 2009 and covering issues such as adoption, charity, ecclesiastical law, education, environmental law, health law, housing, human rights, local government, public health law and social welfare.
Most of its reports are available electronically on such platforms as Justis, which first digitised them in the early 1990s, Westlaw and LexisNexis.

</doc>
<doc id="2897500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897500" title="Allo">
Allo

Allo is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarra, northern Spain. It had a population of 1,075 in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="2897507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897507" title="Allín">
Allín

Allín is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarra, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2897508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897508" title="Good Morning, Miss Bliss">
Good Morning, Miss Bliss

Good Morning, Miss Bliss is an American teen sitcom that aired on the Disney Channel from 1988 to 1989 (and later in syndication as part of the "Saved by the Bell" rerun package), starring Hayley Mills as a teacher at John F. Kennedy Junior High School in Indianapolis, Indiana.
The show was the first program produced by a major television network for cable TV, in this case NBC having produced it for the Disney Channel.
Plot.
The series focuses on the life of junior high school teacher Miss Carrie Bliss (Hayley Mills) at John F. Kennedy Junior High in Indianapolis. She was often put into morally difficult situations by her work and often served as the only person her students could turn to. Her eighth grade students included:
Zack Morris (Mark-Paul Gosselaar), a charming, manipulative scamp; lazy and not a good student and always looking for the easy way out. However, in the episode "Parents and Teachers", Miss Bliss said that Zack had the most potential of all her students.
Lisa Turtle (Lark Voorhies), a rich shopaholic; and best friend of Nikki. Lisa is the crush of many guys in the school and in Miss Bliss' class, especially Screech.
Samuel "Screech" Powers (Dustin Diamond), an awkward nerd with a crush on Lisa, but an excellent student and very honest.
Mikey Gonzalez (Max Battimo), Zack's best friend, who, although not generally awkward as Screech, became quite shy around girls; a good student, especially in math and history but sometimes gets into conflict with Zack.
Nikki Coleman (Heather Hopper), who was outspoken and often advocated the moral course of action when the others decided to do something mischievous.
The show also featured Mylo Williams (T.K. Carter), a maintenance supervisor, and Miss Tina Paladrino (Joan Ryan), a quirky teacher and friend of Miss Bliss, with whom she would often discuss her personal life, with Miss Paladrino acting as sounding board. Dennis Haskins played the school principal, Mr. Richard Belding.
The show was cancelled after 13 episodes, and the rights were acquired by NBC, who reformatted "Good Morning, Miss Bliss" into "Saved by the Bell". The series was integrated into the "Saved by the Bell" syndicated rerun package; episodes from this series were later introduced with a cold open by Mark-Paul Gosselaar explaining that these were from an earlier time frame than the rest of the series (despite the fact that the previous series was, for all intents and purposes, a different continuity), along with a retrofitted version of the regular "Saved by the Bell" opening theme.
Original pilot.
The original pilot for "Good Morning, Miss Bliss" aired on July 11, 1987, on NBC (in "The Facts of Life"'s timeslot). It featured up-and-comers Brian Austin Green (who later got his big break on "Beverly Hills, 90210") as Adam Montcrief, Jaleel White (who later got his big break on "Family Matters") as Bobby Wilson, and Jonathan Brandis (who later got his big break on "seaQuest DSV") as Michael Thompson. Brian Austin Green was, in essence, the "lead" student in the pilot, a particularly serious student, who wore business suits.
Several other characters from the series existed in the pilot but were played by different actors; Mr. Gerald Belding was played by Oliver Clark, and Miss Tina Paladrino was played by Maria O'Brien. Other characters include Gabriel Damon as Bradley; Samantha Mills as Wendy; Julie Ronnie as Lonnie Maple; Matt Shakman as Georgie Winslow; Charles Siebert as Charlie Davis; Britton Elliott as Janet Hillhurst; Josh Goddard as Steven; and Andrea Messersmith as Laurie.
Syndication.
After the huge success of "Saved by the Bell", episodes of this series were added to the syndication package. As previously mentioned, intros by Mark-Paul Gosselaar, in character as Zack Morris, were added to the beginning of each episode, and the title sequence was remade in the style of "Saved by the Bell" (giving "Good Morning, Miss Bliss" the title "Saved by the Bell: The Junior High Years"). The series currently reruns on TBS, along with its spin-off. "Good Morning Miss Bliss" and "Saved by the Bell" were previously aired on The N from late 2008 to July 2009.
Note: Although the "Saved By the Bell" intro was modified to accommodate the "Miss Bliss" cast, it wasn't completely customized for those episodes. The reflection in the animated sunglasses shows images of Bayside High and The Max even though these episodes take place at John F. Kennedy Junior High in Indianapolis.

</doc>
<doc id="2897518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897518" title="Alsasua – Altsasu">
Alsasua – Altsasu

Alsasua (in Spanish, Altsasu in Basque) is a town located in the autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain. Its population in 2008 was 7,571. The Battle of Alsasua took place here in 1834.

</doc>
<doc id="2897519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897519" title="Fluent">
Fluent

Fluent can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2897522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897522" title="Dying of the Light">
Dying of the Light

Dying of the Light is American author George R. R. Martin's first novel, published in 1977. Martin's original title for this science fiction novel was After the Festival; its title was changed before its first hardcover publication. The novel was nominated for both the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1978, and the British Fantasy Award in 1979.
"Dying of the Light" is set in the same fictional universe as several of Martin's short stories and novellas, including "With Morning Comes Mistfall", "A Song for Lya", and the stories collected in "Tuf Voyaging".
Plot.
The novel takes place on the planet of Worlorn, a world which is dying. It is a rogue planet whose erratic course is taking it irreversibly far from its neighboring stars into a region of cold and dark space where no life will survive. Worlorn's 14 cities, built during a brief window when the world passed close enough to a red giant star to permit life to thrive, are dying, too. Built to celebrate the diverse cultures of 14 planetary systems, they have largely been abandoned, allowing their systems and maintenance to fail.
The cast is a group of characters who are also flirting with death. Dirk t'Larien, the protagonist, finds life empty and of little attraction after his girlfriend Gwen Delvano leaves him. Most poignant of all, the Kavalar race, into which she has "married," is dying culturally. Their home planet has survived numerous attacks in a planetary war, and in response they have evolved social institutions and human relationship patterns to cope with the depredation of the war. Yet now that the war is long past, they find themselves trapped between those who would recognize that the old ways need to be reviewed for the current day and those who believe that any dilution of the old ways spells the end of Kavalar culture.
The battles, then, of all these varying actors are played out beneath the dying light falling on Worlorn. By the novel's end, many of the characters have died, though the author leaves some endings deliberately ambiguous. Nonetheless, they have all faced their fears of death and of life.
Title.
The novel's title is drawn from Dylan Thomas' poem about death, Do Not Go Gentle into That Good Night which contains the lines :
Do not go gentle into that good night.<br>
Rage, rage against the dying of the light.
It mentions a race of beings called the "githyanki". Their name was taken from the novel for use with a much different race in the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons game. (See the Githyanki article for more details of both versions.)
"Dying of the Light" was first serialized under the title "After the Festival" in the April through July, 1977 issues of "Analog Science Fiction and Fact". The title refers to the festival of 14 worlds that precedes the story.

</doc>
<doc id="2897524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897524" title="Améscoa Baja">
Améscoa Baja

Améscoa Baja is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarra, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2897527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897527" title="Kieft Cars">
Kieft Cars

Kieft Cars, founded by Cyril Kieft, was a British car company that built Formula Three racing cars and some road going sports cars in a factory in Derry St, Wolverhampton.
Cyril Kieft was born in Swansea and spent his early working life in the steel industry. After the second World war he started up his own company Cyril Kieft and Co Ltd in Bridgend, Glamorgan making forgings and pressings including components for the motor industry. He had an interest in motor racing and when the Marwyn company, who had built Formula Three cars, failed he bought the designs and used them as a base for his own 500cc car. Several of these were sold and some competition success resulted. Publicity was gained by successful attempts on a series of records at Autodrome de Montlhéry in France. One of the drivers was Stirling Moss who explained the shortcomings of the cars. As a result of this a new design was acquired, Moss and his manager Ken Gregory became directors, whilst the company moved to new premises at Reliance Works in Derry Street, Wolverhampton.
A new design by Gordon Bedson, who had joined the company from the aircraft industry, was produced in time for the 1951 Whit Monday Meeting at Goodwood where it won the Formula Three event driven by Moss. Don Parker was employed as works driver and won the British Formula Three championships in 1952 and 1953.
In 1954 Kieft started to make a two seater sports car which could also be used as a road car. Using a Coventry Climax FWA engine, all independent suspension using transverse leaf springs at the rear and a lightweight glass fibre body the car was really a racing car and at £1560 it is doubtful if any were bought just as road cars.
The company was losing money and at the end of 1954 Kieft sold the company to racing driver Berwyn Baxter.
Kieft Cars left Wolverhampton in 1956 and moved to nearby Birmingham where they concentrated on preparing and tuning other makes of cars. There were plans for a return to making Kieft cars but these failed to materialise. The company was sold again in 1960 and changed its name to Burmans.
Kieft Sports Car Co. Ltd. is now owned by Canadian Peter Schömer and based out of Chichester, West Sussex near Goodwood. 
There is a new Sports Racer in the works using a Coventry Climax FPF 2.5 liter twin cam engine called the Kieft-Climax.
Kieft logo TM# 2516876 property of the Kieft Sports Car Co.Ltd.

</doc>
<doc id="2897530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897530" title="Ancín – Antzin">
Ancín – Antzin

Ancín is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarra, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2897536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897536" title="Unity and Renewal">
Unity and Renewal

Unity and Renewal (, UiR) was a local political party in Canillo, Andorra.
History.
Although political parties were not legalised until 1993, the party contested the 1992 elections in the Canillo parish, winning three of the four seats.
For the 1997 elections it was one of several local parties to ally with the Liberal Union to run in parish constituencies. The UiR won two seats as the alliance won a total of 16 of the 28 seats in the General Council, and formed a government under Marc Forné Molné.

</doc>
<doc id="2897537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897537" title="Andosilla">
Andosilla

Andosilla is a town in the province and autonomous community of Navarra, northern Spain.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2897541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897541" title="Ansoáin">
Ansoáin

Ansoain is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarra, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2897545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897545" title="Tony Roberts">
Tony Roberts

Tony Roberts may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2897551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897551" title="Anue">
Anue

Anue is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarra, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2897552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897552" title="Dastur al-Muluk">
Dastur al-Muluk

Dastur al-Muluk is one of only three surviving administrative handbooks from early 18th-century Safavid Iran and an important research tool for scholars in Iranology. The Persian manuscript was edited during the 1960s by the Iranian scholar Mohammad-Taqi Daneshpazhuh.
A Russian translation by Dr Vil'danova appeared in Tashkent, Uzbekistan, in the 1990s. An annotated English translation (ISBN 983-9379-26-7), which contains also a facsimile of what was then thought among scholars to be the complete manuscript, was published for the first time by the German scholar Christoph Marcinkowski in 2002. A Persian translation of Marcinkowski's study by Ali Kordabadi and Mansur Sefatgol appeared in 1385 AH solar (2006 CE) in Tehran at Markaz-e Asnad va Tarikh-e Diplomasi (published by the Iranian Ministry of Foreign Affairs). Subsequently, the Iranian scholar Iraj Afshar discovered and edited the remainder of the text. This part, too, was translated into English and discussed by Dr. Marcinkowski in the "Zeitschrift der Deutschen Morgenländischen Gesellschaft", the journal of the German Oriental Society (see below).
Variants: "Dastur al-Moluk", "Dastur ol-Moluk".

</doc>
<doc id="2897555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897555" title="List of summer villages in Alberta">
List of summer villages in Alberta

Summer villages in Alberta are incorporated communities that have permanent populations generally less than 300 permanent inhabitants, as well as seasonal (non-permanent) inhabitants.
Alberta has a total of 51 summer villages that had a cumulative population of 4,605 and an average population of 90 in the 2011 Census. Alberta's largest summer village is Island Lake with a population of 243, while Betula Beach and Kapasiwin are the smallest each with a population of 10.
__TOC__
History.
A summer village is a type of municipal status used in Alberta, Canada founded in 1913. It was used in resort areas that were mainly active in the summer and where most residents were seasonal. Cottage owners did not want to pay for municipal services that they didn't need but wished to have a voice in local government of the resort area.
Changes were made to the provincial laws to allow elections to be held in July and to allow seasonal residents to run for office and vote in the summer village without losing these same rights in their place of permanent residence.
In 1995, provincial legislation was changed to prevent the formation of new summer villages. The 54 summer villages that existed at the time were permitted to continue to operate as before.
Former summer villages.
Four other communities in Alberta have previously held summer village status – Alberta Beach, Chestermere Lake (now Chestermere), Edmonton Beach (now Spring Lake), and White Gull.

</doc>
<doc id="2897556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897556" title="Agoitz">
Agoitz

Agoitz, or Spanish Aoiz, is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2897557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897557" title="Charles Blackman">
Charles Blackman

Charles Blackman (born 12 August 1928) is an Australian artist, noted for the "Schoolgirl" and "Alice in Wonderland" series of the 1950s. He was a member of the Antipodeans, a group of Melbourne painters that also included Arthur Boyd, David Boyd, John Brack, Robert Dickerson, John Perceval and Clifton Pugh.
Early life and initial success.
Blackman, born 12 August 1928 in Sydney, left school at 13 and worked as an illustrator with the Sydney "Sun" newspaper while attending night classes at East Sydney Technical College (1943–46) though was principally self-taught. He was later awarded an honorary doctorate. He came to notice following his move to Melbourne in the mid-1940s, where he became friends with Joy Hester, John Perceval and Laurence Hope as well as gaining the support of critic and art patron John Reed. His work met critical acclaim through his early "Schoolgirl" and "Alice" series, the latter Blackman's conception of Lewis Carroll's most famous character. For some time while painting the Alice series, Blackman worked as a cook at a café run by art dealer, George Mora and his wife, fellow artist Mirka Mora.
In 1959 he was a signatory to the Antipodean Manifesto, a statement protesting the dominance of abstract expressionism. The manifesto's adherents have been dubbed the Antipodeans Group. His work is associated with dreamlike images tinged with mystery and foreboding. In 1960 he lived in London after winning the Helena Rubenstein Scholarship, settling in Sydney upon his return six years later. In 1970 he moved to Paris, when awarded the atelier studio in the Cité des Artes. He lived there for a year at the same time as John Coburn, and subsequently returned often, as Paris was an eternal source of inspiration. 
His strong friendships with fellow artists led to field trips, sessions with models, cultural interchanges with poets, writers, musicians and worked with the ballet, doing set designs, i.e. Daisy Bates. After 27 years of marriage, Barbara Patterson Blackman and Charles Blackman divorced in 1978, largely because of his alcoholism. He married the young artist Genevieve de Couvreur, a 19-year-old friend of his children. She divorced him and in 1989 he married a third wife, Victoria Bower, whom he also later divorced. He has six children, Auguste, Christabel, Barnaby, Beatrice, Felix and Axiom, most them artists and musicians in their own right. 
Later life.
The subject of ownership of Blackman's paintings has been a controversial issue, though his former wife Barbara maintained that her possession of some of them had been for the sake of preservation and that she intended to donate them to galleries. This commitment may have been met by the donation of five works to the National Gallery of Australia in August 2010. In a statement published by the "Canberra Times" newspaper, Ms Blackman said that, "At Easter my house was flooded. No paintings were damaged but since then I have been giving paintings to public collections. I have no valuable Blackmans left in my collection...". 
Blackman has repeatedly expressed disdain for the concept of making money from or maintaining exclusive ownership of his paintings. His accountant and close friend, Tom Lowenstein, set up the Charles Blackman Trust to manage the painter's affairs. Lowenstein periodically sells off the works that Blackman still owns to ensure Blackman's expenses are taken care of. Blackman suffers from dementia and lives a simple but happy life in his rented home in Sydney. He meets with friends and fellow artists Judy Cassab and Marina Finlay twice a month to draw and have "passionate discussions" about art.
Recognition.
He has won many prizes and distinctions, culminating in a major retrospective in 1993 and an OBE for services to Australian art in 1977.
A portrait of Charles Blackman by Jon Molvig won the Archibald Prize in 1966.
In August 2010, The Blackman Hotel opened in St Kilda Road, Melbourne. It features 670 digitally reproduced fine art prints by Charles Blackman.
Ursula Dubosarsky's novel "The Golden Day" was directly inspired by Blackman's 1954 painting "Floating Schoolgirl", which is in the collection of the National Gallery of Australia in Canberra.

</doc>
<doc id="2897559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897559" title="Sinsinwar">
Sinsinwar

Sinsinwar is a gotra (Clan) of Jats found in Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh, India. The Bharatpur rulers of the Sinsinwar gotra originate from Sini/Shini in the ancestry of Krishna; which itself is derived from Krishna's own gotra, Vrishni. They are Chandravanshi kshatriyas. Before the formation of Bharatpur state, the capital of Sinsinwars is said to be at Sinsini.
History.
The rulers of Bharatpur claim to have originally been Yadavs, the descendants of Krishna. Historians suggest that Sinsinwar gotra originated from a village named Sinsina, named after Sinsina, who is considered to be the patron saint of all Sinsinwars. Sinsina has a temple in his name "Sinsina Baba ka Mandir" in Bharatpur. It has also been claimed that a Chandravanshi Yadav is said to have migrated from Bayana to the Deeg jungles and founded a village named Sinsini, named after the tutelary deity.

</doc>
<doc id="2897561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897561" title="Arbor Lodge State Historical Park and Arboretum">
Arbor Lodge State Historical Park and Arboretum

Arbor Lodge State Historical Park and Arboretum is a mansion, state park, and arboretum located at 2300 2nd Avenue, Nebraska City, Nebraska. Park grounds are open daily; the mansion is open April–December daily.
Overview.
Today's 52-room neocolonial house began in 1855 for Julius Sterling Morton, originator of Arbor Day and Secretary of Agriculture in the 1890s under President Grover Cleveland. The house was originally a modest 4-room frame structure on . It was extended several times, most recently in 1903, and in later years served as the summer home for his son Joy Morton, namesake of Morton Salt Company. The mansion features Victorian and Empire furnishings, many of which were owned by the Mortons. Its sun parlor contains a fine Tiffany skylight with grape wreath design.
The mansion currently functions as a museum and contains many items related to the early history of Nebraska, Otoe County, and Nebraska City (which was founded in 1854). A nearby outbuilding contains early carriages, steam-driven vehicles, fire wagons, and gasoline-driven vehicles.
Trees were a central interest of J. Sterling Morton. He imported trees from all over the world in order to test their suitability to create windbreaks and otherwise break up the monotony of the great plains. The house is surrounded by 270 varieties of trees and shrubs, including gardens, apple orchards, and acres of oaks, maples, chestnuts, and pines, including at least 10 state-champion trees. Specimen trees are typically labeled with engraved bronze plates. Over the years, many of Arbor Lodge's apple orchards were demolished, but in the 1990s their restoration began with plantings of Winesaps, Golden Delicious, Red Delicious, Jonathans, and Jonadels.

</doc>
<doc id="2897563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897563" title="Araitz">
Araitz

Araitz is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarra, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2897564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897564" title="Swaton">
Swaton

Swaton is a hamlet and civil parish in the North Kesteven district of Lincolnshire, England. It is situated on the B1394 road, less than north from the A52 road, and south-east from Sleaford. Swaton Fen lies to the east. The Eau river rises to the west and runs through the village until it joins the Forty Foot Drain.
Before the draining of the Fens the Eau river was navigable and a large inland port existed close to the current bridge. The Roman Car Dyke runs to the east of the village. Roman brick pits remain. 
The name comes from "Suavetone" or "Swaffa’s Farmstead". 
In 1240 William Longespee and his wife Idonea applied for and were granted a Royal charter to run a Friday market in the village. This grant was unsuccessfully challenged by residents of Folkingham and Sleaford who feared it would damage their own Saturday and Monday markets.
Nicolaa de la Haye (born 1150), a former Sheriff of Lincolnshire in the 12th century is buried in the churchyard.
Swaton Vintage Day is held each June. The village also hosts the annual World Egg Throwing competition. Egg throwing in this village started circa 1322 when the new Abbot of Swaton, controlling all poultry in the village, used them to provide eggs as alms to those that attended church. When the Eau was in flood these were hurled over the swollen river to waiting peasants.

</doc>
<doc id="2897569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897569" title="Arakil">
Arakil

Arakil is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2897574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897574" title="Aranarache – Aranaratxe">
Aranarache – Aranaratxe

Aranarache, Basque "Aranaratxe", is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.
Aranarache has a population of 86 inhabitants. It is located below the Arnotegi peak, Urbasa range.

</doc>
<doc id="2897576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897576" title="Fluent (artificial intelligence)">
Fluent (artificial intelligence)

In artificial intelligence, a fluent is a condition that can change over time. In logical approaches to reasoning about actions, fluents can be represented in first-order logic by predicates having an argument that depends on time. For example, the condition “the box is on the table”, if it can change over time, cannot be represented by formula_1; a third argument is necessary to the predicate formula_2 to specify the time: formula_3 means that the box is on the table at time formula_4. This representation of fluents is used in the situation calculus using the sequence of the past actions in place of the current time.
A fluent can also be represented by a function, dropping the time argument. For example, that the box is on the table can be represented by formula_5, where formula_6 is a function and not a predicate. Converting predicates as functions in first-order logic is called reification; for this reason, fluents represented by functions are said to be reified. When using reified fluents, a separate predicate is necessary to tell when a fluent is actually true or not. For example, formula_7 means that the box is actually on the table at time formula_4, where the predicate formula_9 is the one that tells when fluents are true. This representation of fluents is used in the event calculus, in the fluent calculus, and in the features and fluents logics.
Some fluents can be represented as functions in a different way. For example, the position of a box can be represented by a function formula_10 whose value is the object the box is standing on at time formula_4. Conditions that can be represented in this way are called "functional fluents". Statements about the values of such functions can be given in first order logic with equality using literals such as formula_12. Some fluents are represented this way in the situation calculus.

</doc>
<doc id="2897577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897577" title="2002 ISSF World Shooting Championships">
2002 ISSF World Shooting Championships

The 48th ISSF World Shooting Championships were held in Lahti, Finland from July 2 to July 16, 2002.
__NOTOC__
World records.
Several world records were equalled or bettered in Lahti. Especially in women's 300 m Rifle and women's running target,both non-Olympic (so there are few other occasions for them) and both relatively new on the program, were records wiped away.

</doc>
<doc id="2897582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897582" title="Security Council (Japan)">
Security Council (Japan)

The of Japan was the nine-person national security council which advises the prime minister on national security and the military and deals with a wide spectrum of issues which indirectly affect Japan's broader interests, including basic national defense policy, the National Defense Program Outline, the outline on coordinating industrial production and other matters related to the National Defense Program Outline, including decisions on diplomatic initiatives and defense operations. 
It was created on July 1, 1986 to replace its predecessor, the National Defense Council, which had acted as an advisory group on defense-related matters since 1956. 
The Security Council was presided over by the Prime Minister and includes the Ministers of State who were specified in advance under Article 9 of the Cabinet Law; the Foreign Minister, the Finance Minister, the Chief Cabinet Secretary, the Minister for Defense, the Chairman of the National Public Safety Commission, and the Director General of the Economic Planning Agency. The Chairman of the Security Council may invite the Chairman of the Joint Staff Council or another relevant State Minister or Official to attend meetings.
It was superseded by the Japanese National Security Council set up by Shinzo Abe in January 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="2897583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897583" title="Aranguren">
Aranguren

Aranguren is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2897585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897585" title="Apna Hi Ghar Samajhiye">
Apna Hi Ghar Samajhiye

Apna Hi Ghar Samajhiye (Make Yourself at Home) was a BBC television and radio programme, presented in Hindustani, with the aim of helping immigrants from South Asia to the United Kingdom to become integrated. The first episode was broadcast at 9am on Sunday 10 October 1965 as "In Logon Se Miliye" meaning "Can I Help You?". In January 1966 this was altered to "Apna Hi Ghar Samajhiye" meaning "Make Yourself At Home". By 1968 another title change to "Nai Zindagi Naya Jeevan" meaning "New Way, New Life". This was then replaced around 1982 with "Gharbar" running midweek on BBC-2. From 1966, it was presented by Mahendra Kaul, with Saleem Shahed. The theme song was composed and sung by Pandit Shiv Dayal Batish.

</doc>
<doc id="2897587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897587" title="Arano">
Arano

Arano is a village and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2897588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897588" title="Cambrian Coast Express">
Cambrian Coast Express

The Cambrian Coast Express was a named passenger train of the Great Western Railway (GWR), and later British Rail, running from London via Shrewsbury to Aberystwyth and Pwllheli over the Cambrian Line.
GWR era.
Prior to amalgamation with the GWR in 1923, the line beyond Buttington Junction near Welshpool was owned and operated by the Cambrian Railways and passengers from England normally changed to a Cambrian Railways train at Shrewsbury. But in July and August 1921, the GWR ran a daily through express from Paddington to Aberystwyth and Pwllheli. 
The first official use of the name "Cambrian Coast Express" was in 1927 when the train ran only on summer Fridays and Saturdays. By 1939 the through train was running only on summer Saturdays. It left London Paddington at 10:20 with calls at Leamington Spa, Birmingham Snow Hill, and Wolverhampton Low Level which was reached at 12:44. Here, owing to weight restrictions over the Cambrian line, the GWR Castle Class 4-6-0 locomotive was changed for two GWR Duke Class 4-4-0 engines or for a GWR Manor Class 4-6-0 for the non-stop run to Welshpool using the Shrewsbury Abbey Foregate curve (to avoid a stop and reversal of direction at Shrewsbury). Beyond Welshpool, calls were made at Machynlleth, Dovey Junction and Borth to reach Aberystwyth at 15:55, a total of 5 hours 35 minutes for the journey from London. In the reverse direction the journey was 25 minutes longer, at six hours; departing Aberystwyth at 10:00 with an additional stop at Newtown, but with otherwise unchanged station calls, and locomotive change at Wolverhampton. The train became the 14:00 departure from Birmingham to arrive at Paddington at 16:00.
British Rail era.
After World War II, the "Cambrian Coast Express" was re-introduced on Saturdays only and its seasonal operation continued under British Rail, usually with through coaches to both Aberystwyth and Pwllheli. By 1959 it was running every weekday, all year round. 
The train last ran in 1991, by which time it had long since transferred its London terminus to Euston, operating as an extension to the regular-interval service over the West Coast Main Line between London and Wolverhampton. In the winter 1989-1990 timetable, it left London at 15:40, arriving Aberystwyth 21:00; the return working left Aberystwyth at 07:13, arriving London Euston at 12:24. There were no longer any through coaches to the northern part of the Cambrian Line: passengers for stations to Pwllheli had to change at Machynlleth.
The Cambrian.
The Cambrian Coast Express name was revived in summer 2006 by Arriva Trains Wales, as a tourist steam service which ran from Machynlleth to Porthmadog or Pwllheli. In 2007, it was taken over by the West Coast Railway Company and rebranded "The Cambrian." In 2009 it was cancelled by Network Rail due to the installation of a trial signalling system ERTMS.

</doc>
<doc id="2897590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897590" title="Arantza">
Arantza

Arantza is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2897592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897592" title="2007 Rugby World Cup – Americas qualification">
2007 Rugby World Cup – Americas qualification

In qualification for the 2007 Rugby World Cup, 19 countries in the Pan American Rugby Association (PARA) compete for 3 direct entries and 1 repechage place (Repechage 1) against the winner of Africa 2 v Europe 4.
Qualification Process.
It was the 2005 NACRA Rugby Championship with Caribbean teams. Nine team involed The winner going through to Round 3b.
CONSUR (Confederation Sudamericana de Rugby) 2nd Division. One pool of four teams - winner progresses to round 2.
Bottom two CONSUR Division 1 teams, plus winner of Round 1b, form one pool of three. Winner progresses to Round 3a.
Top two CONSUR Division 1 teams, plus winner of Round 2, form one pool of three. Winner progresses directly to RWC 2007 as Americas 1. Runner up progresses to Round 4.
USA, Canada and winner of Round 1a form one pool of three. Winner progresses directly to RWC 2007 as Americas 2. Runner up progresses to Round 4.
Home and away playoff. Winner qualifies for RWC 2007 as Americas 3. Runner up enters Repechage round.
Round 1a - 2005.
"Barbados - advances to Round 3b."
Preliminary qualifier.
"One-off match. St Lucia progress to South Pool." 
South Pool.
"Barbados go into playoff vs winner of North Pool (Bahamas)."
Final Standings
Match Schedule
North Pool.
"Bahamas beat Cayman Islands on head to head to win pool, go into playoff against winner of South Pool (Barbados)."
Final Standings
Match Schedule
Playoff - Winner North Pool vs Winner South Pool.
"Barbados progresses to Round 3b." 
Round 1b - 2004.
"CONSUR 2nd Division. Home OR Away basis. Brazil progresses to Round 2." 
Final Standings
Match Schedule
Round 2 - 2005.
"Home OR Away basis. Chile progresses to Round 3a."
Final Standings
Match Schedule
Round 3a – July 2006.
"Home OR Away basis. Argentina progresses directly to RWC 2007 as Americas 1. Uruguay progresses to Round 4. "
Current Standings
Match Schedule
Round 3b – July 2006.
"Home OR Away basis. Canada progresses directly to RWC 2007 as Americas 2. USA progresses to Round 4."
Final Standings 
Match Schedule
Round 4 – 2006.
"Winner (USA) progresses directly to RWC 2007 as Americas 3. Runner up (Uruguay) progresses to Repechage round as Americas 4, to play the winner of Africa 2 v Europe 4, for Repechage 1."
Match Schedule
United States win 75-20 on aggregate

</doc>
<doc id="2897593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897593" title="Corsica et Sardinia">
Corsica et Sardinia

Corsica et Sardinia was an ancient Roman province including the islands of Corsica and Sardinia.
Pre-Roman times.
The Phoenicians were the first to establish several commercial stations in Corsica and in Sardinia. After the Phoenicians, there arrived the Greeks, who also established their colonies. The Carthaginians (Phoenician colony), with the help of the Etruscans, conquered the Greek colony of Alalia, on Corsica in 535 BC. After Corsica, Sardinia also came under control of the Carthaginians.
Obtaining the province.
Even though Rome had drawn up an earlier treaty with Carthage, a complete disregard to this agreement led them to forcibly annex Corsica and Sardinia during the First Punic War. In 238 BC, the Carthaginians, accepting defeat in the First Punic War, surrendered Corsica and Sardinia, which together became a province of Rome. This marked the beginning of Roman domination in the Western Mediterranean. The Romans ruled this area for 694 years.
Roman opinion of the province.
Throughout this rule, Rome maintained an objective relationship with the province. The coastal regions of both islands were settled by Romans and adopted the Latin language and culture; however, the interior areas of Corsica and Sardinia resisted the Romans. A variety of revolts and uprisings occurred: however, since the interior areas were densely forested, the Romans avoided them and set them aside as the “land of the barbarians”.
Overall, Corsica and Sardinia became trivial gains compared to the Roman Empire’s Eastern gains. From Corsica, the Romans did not receive much spoil nor were the prisoners willing to bow to foreign rule, and to learn anything Roman. It was said that “whoever has bought one regrets the waste of his money”. The Romans regarded the islands and their people as backward and unhealthy.
Relationship to Rome.
Even though the Romans considered them trivial, Corsica and Sardinia ended up playing an important role in the happenings of the Empire. Sardinia provided much of the grain supply during the time of the Roman Republic. Corsica provided wax to the empire, as that was all that could be found on the island.
The islands also indirectly contributed to the demise of the Roman Republic. Gaius Marius and Lucius Cornelius Sulla Felix settled their veterans on Corsica and used the islands' grain supply to support their war efforts. Julius Caesar had Sardinia occupied by his delegates and gained control of the grain supply. This supply of grain fed his army and ensured their victory in the civil war of 49 BC. Within the second triumvirate, Octavian received the islands as part of his share and used its grain supply to feed his armies against Brutus and Cassius.
Corsica and Sardinia also came to be recognized as a place of exile. C. Cassius Longinus, the lawyer accused of conspiracy by Nero was sent to the province, while Anicentus, murderer of the elder Agrippina was sent to Sardinia. Many Jews and Christians were also sent to the islands under Tiberius.

</doc>
<doc id="2897596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897596" title="John Burgess (political scientist)">
John Burgess (political scientist)

"For other persons named John Burgess, see John Burgess (disambiguation)."
John William Burgess (August 26, 1844 – January 13, 1931) was a pioneering American political scientist. He spent most of his career at Columbia University and is regarded as having been "the most influential political scientist of the period.
Burgess was born in Tennessee and fought for the Union in the American Civil War. He studied history at Amherst College, graduating in 1867, then at the universities of Göttingen, Leipzig, and Berlin for a number of years, where he studied under distinguished German scholars of the time: the historian Johann Gustav Droysen, the economist Wilhelm Roscher, the historian Theodor Mommsen, whose linking history with law strongly influenced Burgess's own approach, and Rudolf von Gneist. He was much influenced by the training in research methods characteristic of German universities of the time. He sought to import these methods of research and scholarship, first to Amherst (unsuccessfully) and later to Columbia. He maintained a lifelong interest in German-American relations.
In 1876, Burgess was appointed to a professorship in the Law School of what later became Columbia University, a post he held until his 1912 retirement. While at Columbia, Burgess taught constitutional law but more importantly, was instrumental in founding the discipline of political science in the USA. In 1886, he founded the "Political Science Quarterly". He was instrumental in establishing the Faculty of Political Science, the first major institutionalized program in the United States granting the degree of Doctor of Philosophy. These endeavors have led to his being widely regarded as one of the founders of modern political science. 
Burgess was a strong influence on the Dunning School of Reconstruction. Burgess "agreed with the scholarly consensus that blacks were inferior,"
For years, he was memorialized on the Columbia campus with the designation of the "Burgess-Carpenter Classics Library" within Butler Library.
Books by Burgess.
According to Leon Epstein, Burgess was a leading academic figure in the last decades of the nineteenth century, but some of his influence was considered negative (due to his advocation of formalism as it applied to politics and governance) and he caused somewhat of an intellectual rebellion at Columbia. Leon Epstein, 1986. Political Parties in the American Mold. University of Wisconsin Press.

</doc>
<doc id="2897606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897606" title="Baba Tahir">
Baba Tahir

Baba Tahir, (var. Baba Taher Oryan Hamadani) () was an 11th-century poet in Persian literature and an Iranian mystic. According to L. P. Elwell-Sutton he probably wrote in the local dialect, which "Most traditional sources call it loosely Luri, while the name commonly applied from an early date to verses of this kind, Fahlaviyat, presumably implies that they were thought to be in a language related to the Middle Iranian dialect Pahlavi. Roubène Abrahamian however found a close affinity with the dialect spoken at the present time by the Jews of Hamadan." According to The Cambridge History of Iran, Baba Tahir spoke a certain Persian dialect.
Biography.
Baba Tahir is known as one of the most revered and respectable early poets in Iranian literature. Most of his life is clouded in mystery. He was born and lived in Hamadan, the capital city of the Hamedan Province in Iran. He was known by the name of "Baba Taher-e Oryan" (The Naked), which suggests that he may have been a wandering dervish. Legend tells that the poet, an illiterate woodcutter, attended lectures at a religious school, where he was not welcomed by his fellow-students. The dates of his birth and death are unknown. One source indicates that he died in 1019. If this is accurate, it would make Baba Tahir a contemporary of Ferdowsi and Pour Sina (Avicenna) and an immediate precursor of Omar Khayyam. Another source reports that he lived between 1000 and 1055, which is most unlikely. Reliable research notes speculate that Baba Tahir lived for seventy-five years. Rahat al-sodur of Ravandi (completed 603/1206), describes a meeting between Baba Tahir, and the Saljuq conqueror Togrel (pp. 98–99). According to L. P. Elwell-Sutton: "He could be described as the first great poet of Sufi love in Persian literature. In the last two decades his do-baytis have often been put to music".
Legend has it that Baba Tahir was a very simple and innocent man whom everyone mocked and made fun of in his town. He was not a poet to begin with. One very cold winter day, people of the town decided to make a fool out of him just for fun. They brought him to a frozen fountain and told him if he swim in the icy water, he will become a poet. Being innocent, he believed them. He took off his clothes and entered the icy water. Everyone started laughing at him as he was swimming in the cold water. He realized he was made fun of and was heart broken. He came out and, to everyone's surprise, a "true poet" was indeed born out of the icy water on that day. Hence, he is called "the naked". His poetry has touched many souls.
Poetry.
Baba Tahir poems are recited to the present day all over Iran accompanied with setar (in Persian: Seh Tar), three stringed viol or lute. They say Pahlaviat to these kinds of poems and they are very ancient. Baba Tahir songs were originally read in Pahlavi (Middle Persian), as well as Luri and Hamadani dialects, taking their present form in the course of time. The quatrains of Baba Tahir have a more amorous and mystical connotation rather than philosophical. Baba Tahir's poems are of the "do-bayti" style, a form of Persian quatrains, which some scholars regard as having affinities with Middle Persian verses, Classical Persian Music is based on Persian literature and Baba Tahir's poems are the weight that carries a major portion of this music. Baba Tahir's poetry is the basis for Dastgahe Shoor and in particular Gooshe of Dashtestani, Choopani and Deylaman.
Writing.
Attributed to him is a work by the name Kalemat-e qesaar, a collection of nearly 400 aphorisms in Arabic, which has been the subject of commentaries, one allegedly by Ayn-al-Qozμat Hamadani. An example of such a saying is one where Baba Tahir ties knowledge with gnosis: "Knowledge is the guide to gnosis, and when gnosis has come the vision of knowledge lapses and there remain only the movements of knowledge to gnosis”; “knowledge is the crown of the gnostic, and gnosis is the crown of knowledge”; whoever witnesses what is decreed by God remains motionless and powerless."
Tomb.
His tomb is located near the northern entrance of the city of Hamadan in Western Iran, in a park, surrounded by flowers and winding paths. The structure consists of twelve external pillars surrounding a central tower. It was reconstructed in 1970.
Sample Poetry.
Original in Persian alphabet:
Translation:
"Art thou a lion or leapoard, O Heart, O Heart,"
"That thou warres ever with me, O Heart, O Heart?"
"Fall thou into my hands; I'll spill thy blood,"
"To see what colour it is, O Heart, O Heart!"
Original Pahlavi:
Translation:
"Lord! who am I, and of what company?
"How long shall tears of blood thus blind mine eyes?
"When other refuge fails I'll turn to Thee,
"And if Thou failest me, whither shall I go?
Original Pahlavi:
Translation:
"I am that sea and have come into a bowl;
"I am that dot and have come into a letter;
"in every thousand one straight-as-an-alef (alef-qadd) appears;
"I am that straight one, for I came in a thousand
Original Pahlavi:
Translation:
"Grieving for thee my heart is ever sad,"
"A brick my pillow, and my couch the earth:"
"My only sin is loving thee too well:"
"Surely not all thy lovers suffer so?"
Original Pahlavi:
Translation:
"More than a thousand hearts has thou laid waste,"
"More than a thousand suffer grief for thee,"
"More than a thousand wounds of thine I've counted,"
"Yet the uncounted still are more than these."
Original Pahlavi:
Translation:
"Black is my lot, my fortune's overtuned,"
"Ruined are my fortunes, for my luck is brought low";
"A thorn, a thistle I, on the Mountain of Love,"
"For my heart's sake. Drown it in blood, O Lord!"
Original Pahlavi:
Translation:
"My Beautiful! thou hast my heart and soul,"
"Thou hast mine inner and mine outer self;"
"I know not why I am so very sad,"
"I only know that thou hold'st the remedy."
Original Pahlavi:
Translation:
"My heart is dainty as a drinking cup,
"I fear for it whene'er I have a sigh;"
"It is not strange my tears are as blood,"
"I am a tree whose roots set in blood."
Original Pahlavi:
Translation:
"Thy tangled Curls are scattered o'er thy face,
"Mingling the Roses with the Hyacinths;"
"But part asunder those entangled strand
"On ever hair thou'lt find there hangs a heart. (Translation by: Edward Heron-Allen)
Original Pahlavi:
Translation:
"Briar and thorn beset thy way, o Heart
"Beyond the Dome of Heaven is thy road;
"If thou art able, then thy very skin
"Cast off from thee, and lighten thus thy load
Original Pahlavi:
Translation:
"Beneath the tyranny of eyes and heart I cry,
"For, all the eyes see, the heart stores up:
"I'll fashin me a pointed sword of steel,
"Put out mine eyes, and so set free my heart
Original Pahlavi:
Translation:
"O heart of Stone, Thou burnest not for me,
"That stone burns not, is not, indeed, so strange
"But I will burn till I inflame thy heart.
"For fresh-cut logs are difficult to burn alone.
Original Pahlavi:
Translation:
"When thou’rt away, mine eyes o’erflow with tears,
"Barren the Tree of Hope when thou’rt away:
"Without thee, night and day, in a solitary corner,
"I sit, till life itself come to an end.
Original Pahlavi:
Translation:
"Without-Thee in the Garden, Lord, may no rose bloom,
"Or, blooming, may none taste its sweet perfume,
"So, should my heart expand when Thou art not nigh,
"T were vain! my heart's grief nought could turn to joy
Original Pahlavi:
Translation:
"What blundering Moth in all the World like me?
"What madman like me in the Universe?
"The very Serpents and the Ants have nests,
"But I—poor wretch - no ruin shelters me.

</doc>
<doc id="2897610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897610" title="Union, Common Sense and Progress">
Union, Common Sense and Progress

Union, Common Sense and Progress () was a political party in Canillo, Andorra. USiP contested the Andorran parliamentary election, 1992 on a joint list with Unity and Renewal. The list was the only one presented in the Canillo parochial constituency, and it won all four parliamentary seats (3 for Unity and Renewal, 1 for USiP).

</doc>
<doc id="2897613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897613" title="Gulbenkian">
Gulbenkian

Gulbenkian is an Armenian surname. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2897614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897614" title="Otak">
Otak

Otak may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2897615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897615" title="USS Lansdowne (DD-486)">
USS Lansdowne (DD-486)

USS "Lansdowne" (DD-486), a , is the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for Lieutenant Commander Zachary Lansdowne. He was awarded the Navy Cross "for distinguished service ... as one of the crew of the British airship "R34", which in July 1919, made the first successful nonstop passage from England to the United States."
"Lansdowne" was laid down 31 July 1941 by Federal Shipbuilding & Dry Dock Company of Kearny, New Jersey; launched on 20 February 1942, sponsored by Miss Peggy Lansdowne, daughter of Lt.Cmdr. Lansdowne; and commissioned on 29 April 1942, Lt. Cmdr. W. R. Smedberg III in command.
1942.
"Lansdowne" first operated along the Atlantic seaboard on shakedown, antisubmarine, and escort duty, and attacked an enemy submarine off Cape Hatteras on 3 July. Following a severe depth charge attack, large quantities of oil bubbled to the surface and it was presumed the submarine had been sunk. Arriving at Cristobal, Panama Canal Zone, 13 July, the destroyer was sent to a position where "PC-458" had located an enemy submarine. Upon arrival, "Lansdowne" launched a depth charge attack. Large quantities of oil rose to the surface, and the forward motion of the submarine ceased. Postwar records established that "U-153" was sunk by these attacks.
On 21 August, "Lansdowne" transited the Panama Canal and headed for the South Pacific. En route to Tonga, she rescued the pilot and radioman of a splashed observation plane from .
Arriving Nukualofa Bay on 6 September, the destroyer joined Task Force 18 (TF 18), under Rear Admiral Leigh Noyes in . On 15 September 1942, "Wasp" was torpedoed and heavily damaged by gasoline fires. "Lansdowne" narrowly avoided one of the submarine Type 95 torpedoes that missed "Wasp" and later hit . "Lansdowne" rescued 447 of "Wasp"s crew when the burning carrier was abandoned. As the remainder of (TF 18) moved on, Admiral Noyes ordered "Lansdowne" to sink "Wasp" and stand by the carrier until she was sunk. "Lansdowne"s Mark 15 torpedoes had the same unrecognized flaws reported for the Mark 14 torpedo. The first torpedo was fired at a range of 1000 yards and set to run 15 feet under "Wasp"s keel for maximum damage with the magnetic influence exploder. When no result was observed from an apparently perfect wake, a second torpedo was fired at keel depth from a range of 800 yards. Once again, an apparently perfect shot produced no results; and "Lansdowne" had only three more torpedoes. "Lansdowne"s torpedomen disabled the magnetic influence exploders and set depth at ten feet. All three torpedoes detonated, but "Wasp" remained afloat in the orange flames of a burning pool of gasoline and oil. "Lansdowne" nervously zig-zagged silhouetted in the fire's glow until "Wasp" sank by the bow at 2100.
"Lansdowne", with Task Group 64.1 (TG 64.1), took part in the occupation of Funafuti, Ellice Islands, 2 October, then escorted aircraft ferry to Espiritu Santo. From 13 October, the ship screened various task forces, groups, and units in the British Solomons, escorted damaged ships to safety, and an 30 November sighted and bombarded a large group of Japanese landing barges, sinking several and scoring direct hits on a beached enemy ship east of Cape Esperance. She also shelled shore installations from Buala to Visale.
On 30 November, "Lansdowne" made three attacks against a submerged target west of Koli Point, bringing diesel oil, slabs of cork, and air bubbling to the surface. In December, she made an escort run from Tulagi to Sydney and Auckland, returning to Nouméa.
1943.
Continuing to serve in the Solomons, "Lansdowne" grounded in the Russells on 26 February, and sailed on 11 March for repairs at San Francisco.
From May to July, the ship operated in the Aleutians, bombarding Kiska on 6 July. She headed back to Espiritu Santo from Pearl Harbor 20 July, and joined an antishipping force off Vella Lavella on 2 September. Escort duty in the Solomons and to Fiji continued until 29 October.
"Lansdowne" then screened fast carriers as they attacked Buka-Bonis (1 to 2 November) and Rabaul (5 and 11 November). While covering landing operations at Empress Augusta Bay 28 November the ship repelled an enemy air attack, and two days later, bombarded Bougainville, which she hit again late in December.
1944.
During January and February 1944, "Lansdowne" covered the landings at Torokina, Bougainville, and Green Island, and conducted antishipping sweeps between Buka and Rabaul. On 18 February the destroyer bombarded and torpedoed shipping at Koravia Bay in the first surface action against Rabaul. Numerous fires were started ashore and on the shipping. On the night of 24/25 February, Lansdowne sank a 6,800-ton Japanese cargo ship about 20 miles (35 km) north of New Hanover. Early the following morning, she opened fire on shore emplacements and shipping at Kavieng, silencing a large coastal gun and several other batteries and sinking one ship while setting fire to two others.
After operating northwest of the Admiralties, "Lansdowne" joined TFs 77 and 78 for the initial landings in the Aitape–Hollandia–Tanahmerah area of northern New Guinea and launched air attacks on Palau, Yap, Ulithi, and other enemy bases in the Central Pacific on 3 March through 1 April. The ship then returned to Pearl Harbor for refit, arriving 18 May.
"Lansdowne" arrived at Majuro on 5 June, and the next day, joined TF 58 for the Marianas operation through June and July, thus participating in the raids on Bonis on 15 and 16 June, the Battle of the Philippine Sea 19 and 20 June, and the assaults on Guam and Tinian. On 30 July the destroyer sailed for overhaul at Bremerton, Washington, returning to Ulithi on 29 October.
1945.
On patrol and escort in the western Carolines until 5 May 1945, she then steamed to the Ryūkyūs for duty off Okinawa. She patrolled anti-submarine stations around the island complex, gave fire support, and screened aircraft carriers.
"Lansdowne" next operated with the 3rd Fleet off Japan screening logistics groups and fast carriers launching strikes against the enemy homeland. The ship was detached from the task force 20 to 23 August to transport the Atomic Bomb Investigation Group to Okinawa and then proceeded to Sagami Wan, arriving 27 August.
On 29 August, "Lansdowne" escorted battleship , Admiral Chester Nimitz’ flagship, into Tokyo Bay, and then operated with units of the Allied Prisoner of War Rescue Group evacuating prisoners from camps in southern Honshū. The ship was detached on 2 September 1945 to transfer Japanese emissaries from Yokohama to the battleship in Tokyo Bay for the official surrender ceremonies, returning the party to Yokohama the same day. She operated out of Yokohama until sailing on 15 October from Wakanoura for the United States via Singapore, Colombo, and Cape Town, arriving at the Brooklyn Navy Yard on 6 December 1945.
Post war.
"Lansdowne" departed for Charleston, South Carolina, on 17 January 1946 and decommissioned to enter the Atlantic Reserve Fleet there 2 May 1946. On 10 June 1949 the ship was transferred to the Turkish Navy which she served as TCG "Gaziantep" (D 344) until 1973.
"Lansdowne" received 12 battle stars for World War II service.

</doc>
<doc id="2897621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897621" title="Aras, Navarre">
Aras, Navarre

Aras is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2897627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897627" title="Lu Banglie">
Lu Banglie

Lu Banglie (born 1971) is a pro-democracy activist in China. Lu is a farmer from Baoyuesi village in Hubei province. During a period of drought in 2000, Lu began campaigning for reductions in the taxes levied upon poor farmers. Since that time Lu has campaigned on issues of land seizures, corruption, and access to health care. In 2003, Lu was elected to a position in the Zhijiang City People's Congress. In 2004, he was elected to the Baoyuesi villager committee.
Lu's political activities have led to violence against himself, his family, and his property. This attracted global media attention in 2005 when Lu was severely beaten by hired thugs and the incident was witnessed by "Guardian" journalist Benjamin Joffe-Walt. The attack was allegedly intended to intimidate Lu and convince him to end his campaign against corrupt local politicians. Lu declared his intention to continue campaigning against corruption, saying, "I know there are tigers in the mountain, but I still go to the mountain." In October 2007 there were reports that Lu had been "disappeared", although these reports are difficult to substantiate.
Lu Banglie is reported to have been influenced by the thought of Mohandas Gandhi.

</doc>
<doc id="2897647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897647" title="Francisco Montes">
Francisco Montes

Francisco Montes may be:

</doc>
<doc id="2897653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897653" title="Tyalgum, New South Wales">
Tyalgum, New South Wales

Tyalgum is a rural village of 300 people located in north-eastern New South Wales, Australia. Located approximately 18 minutes from Murwillumbah, 45 minutes from the Gold Coast, Queensland and two hours from Brisbane. At the 2006 census, Tyalgum had a population of 224 people.
Tyalgum is situated at the junction of Pumpenbil and Tyalgum Creeks. These creeks provide Tyalgum with its water supply and when the village was first settled, the settlers would have used the waterways to transport the giant redcedars that they felled. Another major natural feature is the valley environment around the village created by the Border Ranges and Mount Warning.
Some of the most important manmade features in Tyalgum are Flutterbies Cafe (home of the famous Flutterbie Cakes), The Little Shop Next Door, Tyalgum Store (see photo) established in 1907, the Tyalgum Hall - home of the annual Classical Musical Festival – and The Tyalgum Garage located in the old Norco Dairy Manufactory Building.
Tyalgum is temperate. It has a mean annual temperate of 18.9 °C (66 °F). The rainfall is generally high with an annual mean of 1,555.4 millimetres (61.2 in) most of which occurs during the summer months. For the last few years the region has been suffering from drought.
Classical Music Festival.
The Tyalgum Festival of Classical Music started in 1991 after concert violinists Carmel Kaine and John Willison discovered the idyllic acoustics of the village Hall. Since this date, the festival has been held annually in September as once of Australia's premier classical events. Numerous artists have ranked the 1908 hall alongside some of the best concert venues in the world.
Demographics.
In the 2011 Census the population of Tyalgum is 503, 51.9% female and 48.1% male.
The median/average age of the Tyalgum population is 39 years of age, 2 years above the Australian average.
86.7% of people living in Tyalgum were born in Australia. The other top responses for country of birth were England 4.4%, New Zealand 1.4%, South Africa 0.8%, Germany 0.6%, Austria 0.6%.
95.4% of people speak English as their first language 0.6% Punjabi, 0.6% German, 0.6% Mandarin, 0.6% Thai. 

</doc>
<doc id="2897670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897670" title="Tench (EP)">
Tench (EP)

Tench is the first Shriekback album, an EP released in 1982. It spawned one single: "Sexthinkone".

</doc>
<doc id="2897680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897680" title="Event calculus">
Event calculus

The event calculus is a logical language for representing and reasoning about actions and their effects first presented by Robert Kowalski and Marek Sergot in 1986.
It was extended by Murray Shanahan and Rob Miller in the 1990s.
The basic components of the event calculus, as with other similar languages for reasoning about actions and change are fluents and actions. In the event calculus, one can specify the value of fluents at some given time points, the actions that took place at given time points, and their effects.
Fluents and actions.
In the event calculus, fluents are reified. This means that statements are not formalized as predicates but as functions. A separate predicate formula_1 is used to tell which fluents hold at a given time point. For example, formula_2 means that the box is on the table at time formula_3; in this formula, formula_1 is a predicate while formula_5 is a function.
Actions are also represented as terms. The effects of actions are given using the predicates formula_6 and formula_7. In particular, formula_8 means that,
if the action represented by the term formula_9 is executed at time formula_3,
then the fluent formula_11 will be true after formula_3.
The formula_7 predicate has a similar meaning, with the only difference 
being that formula_11 will be false and not true after formula_3.
Domain-independent axioms.
Like other languages for representing actions, the event calculus formalizes the correct evolution of the fluent via formulae telling the value of each fluent after an arbitrary action has been performed. The event calculus solves the frame problem in a way that is similar to the successor state axioms of the situation calculus: a fluent is true at time formula_3 if and only if it has been made true in the past and has not been made false in the meantime.
This formula means that the fluent represented by the term formula_11 is true at time formula_3 if:
A similar formula is used to formalize the opposite case in which a fluent is false at a given time. Other formulae are also needed for correctly formalizing fluents before they have been effects of an action. These formulae are similar to the above, but formula_25 is replaced by formula_26.
The formula_27 predicate, stating that a fluent has been made false during an interval, can be axiomatized, or simply taken as a shorthand, as follows:
Domain-dependent axioms.
The axioms above relate the value of the predicates formula_1, formula_6 and formula_7, but do not specify which fluents are known to be true and which actions actually make fluents true or false. This is done by using a set of domain-dependent axioms. The known values of fluents are stated as simple literals formula_32. The effects of actions are stated by formulae relating the effects of actions with their preconditions. For example, if the action formula_33 makes the fluent formula_34 true, but only if formula_35 is currently true, the corresponding formula in the event calculus is:
The right-hand expression of this equivalence is composed of a disjunction: for each action and fluent that can be made true by the action, there is a disjunct saying that formula_9 is actually that action, that formula_11 is actually that fluent, and that the precondition of the action is met.
The formula above specifies the truth value of formula_8 for every possible action and fluent. As a result, all effects of all actions have to be combined in a single formulae. This is a problem, because the addition of a new action requires modifying an existing formula rather than adding new ones. This problem can be solved by the application of circumscription to a set of formulae each specifying one effect of one action:
These formulae are simpler than the formula above, because each effect of each action can be specified separately. The single formula telling which actions formula_9 and fluents formula_11 make formula_8 true has been replaced by a set of smaller formulae, each one telling the effect of an action to a fluent.
However, these formulae are not equivalent to the formula above. Indeed, they only specify sufficient conditions for formula_8 to be true, which should be completed by the fact that formula_6 is false in all other cases. This fact can be formalized by simply circumscribing the predicate formula_6 in the formula above. It is important to note that this circumscription is done only on the formulae specifying formula_6 and not on the domain-independent axioms. The predicate formula_7 can be specified in the same way formula_6 is.
A similar approach can be taken for the formula_52 predicate. The evaluation of this predicate can be enforced by formulae specifying not only when it is true and when it is false:
Circumscription can simplify this specification, as only necessary conditions can be specified:
Circumscribing the predicate formula_52, this predicate will be false in all points in which it is not explicitly specified to be true. This circumscription has to be done separately from the circumscription of the other formulae. In other words, if formula_57 is the set of formulae of the kind formula_58, formula_59 is the set of formulae formula_60, and formula_61 are the domain independent axioms, the correct formulation of the domain is:
The event calculus as a logic program.
The event calculus was originally formulated as a set of Horn clauses augmented with negation as failure and could be run as a Prolog program. 
In fact, circumscription is one of the several semantics that can be given to negation as failure, and is closely related to the completion semantics (in which "if" is interpreted as "if and only if" — see logic programming).
Extensions and applications.
The original event calculus paper of Kowalski and Sergot focused on applications to database updates and narratives. Extensions of the event 
calculus can also formalize non-deterministic actions, concurrent actions, actions with delayed effects, gradual changes, actions with duration, continuous change, and non-inertial fluents.
Kave Eshghi showed how the event calculus can be used for planning, using abduction to generate hypothetical events in abductive logic programming. Van Lambalgen and Hamm showed how the event calculus can also be used to give an algorithmic semantics to tense and aspect in natural language using constraint logic programming.
Reasoning tools.
In addition to Prolog and its variants, several other tools for reasoning using the event calculus are also available:

</doc>
<doc id="2897681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897681" title="North Oklahoma Botanical Garden and Arboretum">
North Oklahoma Botanical Garden and Arboretum

North Oklahoma Botanical Garden and Arboretum is a botanical garden and arboretum on the campus of Northern Oklahoma College, located at 1220 East Grand, Tonkawa, Oklahoma. It is an affiliate garden of the Oklahoma Botanical Garden and Arboretum and open to the public daily without charge.
The gardens were established in 1901 with the college's foundation, and were a top priority of the college's third president, Lynn Glover (1911-1916). Today's gardens include an arboretum and butterfly, display, herb, perennial, rose, and sensory gardens. In February 1993 a Quonset greenhouse (2016 square feet) was added, with a 7,500 plant capacity for growing annual bedding plants. Since that time, 4,000 to 6,000 annual bedding plants have been planted each spring. In 1995 a mass planting of 150 redbuds marked the first annual Redbud Festival. Recently at least one new specimen tree has been added to the campus annually.

</doc>
<doc id="2897694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897694" title="Q (TV network)">
Q (TV network)

Q (formerly QTV, standing for Quality TeleVision) was a television network in the Philippines run by GMA Network, Inc. The network primarily aired lifestyle programs and dramas particularly aimed toward women. Its flagship station was DZOE-TV, which GMA ran as part of a lease with its owner, ZOE Broadcasting Network (who also aired programming on Q's schedule as part of the agreement, which also granted it access to technical resources from GMA).
On February 21, 2011, Q was discontinued, in preparation for the launch of a new secondary network, GMA News TV.
History.
Q launched on November 11, 2005 as QTV, standing for "Quality Television". Its flagship stations in Metro Manila were DZOE-TVwhich GMA leased as part of a partnership with the religious broadcaster ZOE Broadcasting Network (gaining control of the station in exchange for providing equipment for ZOE, and allowing airtime for ZOE-produced programming on QTV), with the GMA-owned DWDB-TV serving as a UHF translator (GMA had previously operated as the independent station Citynet 27, before it went silent in the middle of 2001). The new network would feature a lineup predominantly aimed towards women, with a mixture of domestic and imported lifestyle programs and dramatic series. On March 18, 2007, QTV introduced a new logo, branding the network simply as "Q".
Relaunch as GMA News TV.
On February 7, 2011, GMA Network announced that it would replace Q with the news channel GMA News TV. Q programming ended on February 20, 2011; the network continued to air teasers for the impending re-launch from February 21–25, and signed off completely on the 26th in preparation for its formal re-launch as GMA News TV on February 28, 2011.
Programming.
Some of Q's programming consists of Tagalog and English-language programming, and additional programming produced by GMA.

</doc>
<doc id="2897696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897696" title="Canute Lavard">
Canute Lavard

Canute Lavard ( Danish: Knud Lavard) (March 12, 1096 – 7 January 1131) was a Danish prince. Later he was the first Duke of Schleswig and the first border prince who was both a Danish and a German vassal, a position leafing towards the historical double position of Southern Jutland. Canute Lavard was also the ancestor of the Valdemarian Kings ("Valdemarerne") and of their subsequent royal line.
Biography.
Canute was the only legitimate son of Eric I of Denmark and Boedil Thurgotsdatter but as a minor he was bypassed in the election of 1104. He grew up in close contact with the noble family of Hvide, who were later on to be among his most eager supporters. In 1115, his uncle, King Niels of Denmark, placed him in charge of the Duchy of Schleswig ("jarl af Sønderjylland") in order to put an end to the attacks of the Slavic Obotrites. During the next fifteen years, he fulfilled his duty of establishing peace in the border area so well that he was titled Duke of Holstein ("Hertug af Holsten") and became a vassal of the Holy Roman Empire.
He seems to have been the first member of the Danish royal family who was attracted by the knightly ideals and habits of medieval Germany, indicated by his changing his title to Duke of Schleswig ("Hertug af Slesvig") . His appearance made him a popular man and a possible successor of his uncle, but he also acquired mighty enemies among the Danish princes and magnates, who apparently questioned his loyalty and feared his bond with Emperor Lothair III, who had recognized him as sovereign over the western Wends. Whether these suspicions were just or not is impossible to say.
Both Niels and his son, Magnus the Strong, seem to have been alarmed by Canute's recognition by the emperor. On 7 January 1131, Canute was trapped in the Haraldsted Forest ("Haraldsted Skov") near Ringsted in Zealand and murdered by Magnus. Ringsted Abbey, one of the earliest Benedictine houses in Denmark, became the initial resting place of Canute Lavard. In 1157, Canute Lavard's remains were moved into a new chapel at St. Bendt's Church in Ringsted. A chapel ("Knut Lavards Kapel") was erected at the site of his death during medieval times but disappeared after the Reformation. The ruins were rediscovered in 1883. In 1902 a memorial in the form of a 4-metre crucifix was erected near the site of the death of Canute Lavard.
After the death of Canute Lavard, the Obotrite lands were partitioned between Pribislav and Niklot (1090–1160), both chiefs of the Obotrites. Some sources consider the death of Canute to be a murder committed by Magnus; some attribute it to Niels himself. The death provoked a civil war that intermittently lasted until 1157, ending only with the triumph of Canute’s posthumous son Valdemar I. The fate of Canute and his son’s victory formed the background for his canonisation in 1170, which was requested by the same Valdemar. His feast day ("Knutsdagen") is celebrated on the day of his death, January 7.
Issue.
Canute Lavard was married to Ingeborg of Kiev, daughter of Mstislav I of Kiev and Christina Ingesdotter of Sweden. They had four children:

</doc>
<doc id="2897709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897709" title="Willowridge High School (Pretoria)">
Willowridge High School (Pretoria)

Willowridge High School, is a public, English medium co-ed high school located in The Willows, Pretoria, in the Gauteng province of South Africa. 
Willowridge High School is a diverse school and has learners partaking in the fields of: Sport, Academics, Leadership and Culture.
History of The School.
Willowridge High is an excellent school with excelling ideas and many talented young people who have excelled in an environment which has nurtured enthusiasm, friendship and a pioneering spirit.
It has built this ethos on the lives of four prominent South Africans who were associated with Pretoria East and the early development of the Transvaal. Its four school houses are named after them and its house badges are extracts of their original family crests.
The first of these, in historical sequence, Harry Struben, is remembered as a pioneer on the gold fields. In 1860, he started a transport business between the old ZAR capital and Natal. With the profits from this business, he bought a farm, The Willows, at that time far to the east of Pretoria.
Sir Percy Fitzpatrick, another prominent person, was also a pioneer on the Gold Reef in the early days. He published Jock of the Bushveld in 1907. He became Member of Parliament for Pretoria East in 1910. During his political career, both in the ZAR and under the Union, he strove to unite English speakers. Education was one of his many interests, and he was among those who raised funds for the founding of the University of the Witwatersrand in 1921.
Sir Thomas Cullinan, the third prominent person, was a pioneer of diamond-mining in the Transvaal. He came to South Africa in 1903 at the request of Sir Alfred Milner. Milner had written to the London Board of Education asking for several capable young men who would help to re-organise education in the Transvaal.
It was Sir John Adamson’s task to try to reconcile the conflicting interests of Boer and Briton through education. This Englishman, who became a Transvaaler by adoption and learnt to speak Dutch, played no small part in laying foundations for education in our Province. He was as much a pioneer as any of those successful prospectors who found gold or diamonds in the old days. The school has taken encouragement from this example as it reaches out the hand of education to children of all races in its community.
As early as the start of 1985 a Vigilance Committee was elected at a meeting of prospective parents. Having been named the watchdogs, they monitored the progress of the new school, while the buildings started taking shape on the site that once had been a farm. It was due to their efforts that the school cottage and the trees, which give the school its restful country atmosphere, were saved from the bulldozer.
The Committee's activities were, however, also directed at creating an ethos for their new school and establishing a fundamental philosophy. The school opened its doors on Wednesday 7 January 1987 to welcome the first 187 pupils in Forms One and Two. During the first term the name Willowridge High School became official and a badge needed to be designed.
The Coat of Arms was approved by the Bureau of Heraldry in 1988 and depicts the name of the school and its inherent philosophy. The shape is that of a spade symbolising the pioneering spirit with which the school was started. The two willow trees standing on the ridge, nurturing and protecting the Tudor Rose as it blossoms represent the name of the school.
The willow trees represent growth from the firm foundations of the ridge and symbolise the parent and teacher, while the Tudor rose identifies our English heritage and symbolises the child at its blossoming stage of development.
The centre of the rose depicts the child’s potential being developed, while the five barbed seeds represent the five facets of the child’s development, namely the spiritual, the academic, the cultural, the physical and social development.
The triad formed by the two willow trees and the Tudor Rose further depicts the protective, nurturing role of the home and school in the education of the child.
The school motto, "Strive with integrity", and the school song cemented into words the ethos of the school and the symbolic nature of its coat of arms. The words of our school song came from the pupils, while Mrs Grobler, the grandmother of the Smith family, composed the final melody.
The first Headmaster Eddie Penzhorn who came to Willowridge High from The Glen High School, had to face more than is expected of other headmasters: He first had to create a school before he could run it. Out of a wilderness of needs he found textbooks, equipment, desks, chairs, sports-fields, staff and pupils and moulded them into the modern school it has become.
In 1991, the second Headmaster Jack Birkenbach was appointed. After a year in office he confidently reflected upon the host of individual achievements pupils at Willowridge High had attained in such a short time. It was acknowledged that national and provincial honours are necessarily second to the academic results: Apart from the number of pupils who have passed with four or more distinctions in Matric, the Headmaster was proudest of a 100% matric pass-rate achieved.
In 2005, the third Headmaster Mr Andre du Plessis was appointed.
Academics.
Academic learning is the first responsibility of the school.
Willowridge High School offers various subjects including:
Sport.
Sport is compulsory for junior students but not the seniors. At Willowridge High School commitment to a various type of sport means 100% commitment. For the grade 8 students of the school it is compulsory to attend most of the sport meetings as spectator-supporters. 
Sporting facilities include netball facilities, rugby union facilities and cricket facilities, a 25 metre swimming pool, athletics grounds, gym, several tennis and netball courts, a basketball court (outdoor), a rock-climbing wall and hockey fields. 
The School offers the following sports: 
Willowridge High School is part of the Pretoria English Medium High Schools Athletics Association (PEMHSAA) which is good spirited rivalry between all the Co-Ed Government Schools in Pretoria. The Schools have three meetings held a year including the: Swimming Gala (held at Hillcrest Swimming Pool), Cross Country (held at the host school) and an Athletics meeting held at Pilditch Stadium. Other schools participating in PEMHSAA are: 
Leadership.
At Willowridge High School there are two different types of leadership positions within the school: RCL and ECl
RCL & ECL.
Every year in October the students from each of the grades democratically vote for students who they think will do well in/on the council. The council is divided into many different groups each for how they want to benefit the community.
Culture.
At Willowridge High School pride is taken in all cultural activities. The school has an excellent dramatic arts department and art department who annually produce excellent works of art. The school song is sung twice a week at Assembly's on a Monday and Friday.

</doc>
<doc id="2897710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897710" title="Pinkney">
Pinkney

The surname "Pinkney" has been borne by a number of notable people:

</doc>
<doc id="2897719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897719" title="Geniki Bank">
Geniki Bank

Geniki Bank ( - "Geniki Trapeza tis Elladas") is a Greek financier group that provides complete banking and financing services. It was founded in 1937.
The bank has been traded at the Athens Stock Exchange since 26 January 1963. The main shareholder of General Bank of Greece was the Participial Fund of Army. In March 2004 the majority of shares was acquired by Société Générale Group and the name was changed from "General Bank of Greece" to Geniki Bank. In December 2012 all of Société Générale's shares where sold to Piraeus Bank.
Geniki bank operates 78 branches in Greece, while the group consists of four subsidiaries that provide specialised banking, financing and insurance services.

</doc>
<doc id="2897720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897720" title="Amanda Conner">
Amanda Conner

Amanda Conner is an American comic book artist and commercial art illustrator. She began her career in the late 1980s for Archie Comics and Marvel Comics, before moving on to contribute work for Claypool Comics' "Soulsearchers and Company" and Harris Comics' "Vampirella" in the 1990s. Her 2000s work includes "Mad" magazine, and such DC Comics characters as Power Girl and Atlee.
Her other published work includes illustrations for "The New York Times" and "Revolver" magazine, advertising work for products such as Arm & Hammer, Playskool, and design work for ABC's "Nightline", commercials for A&E.'s "Biography" magazine.
Early life.
Amanda Conner studied at The Kubert School in Dover, New Jersey. She names as influences Joe Kubert, for teaching his students to compose pages as if they were to be devoid of any dialogue or word balloons, and Frank Miller for his pacing and his ability to create tension and intense action and reactions.
Career.
Conner worked at a color separation company, which handled comics coloring prior to the industry adoption of computer programs such as Photoshop. She subsequently worked in a comic book store. At the time she lived a little over an hour from New York City, and on her days off, would travel to New York City with her father, and use his office at the advertising industry where he worked as a home base from which to call editors at Marvel Comics and DC Comics to request a portfolio review. When granted these interviews, she was told that she had potential, but needed to work on her art more. At this same time she became acquainted with professional artists through her work at the comic shop, and answered an ad by artist Bill Sienkiewicz, who was seeking an assistant. She took the job, which became her first comics work, while continuing to show her portfolio to editors at Marvel and DC. She also illustrated storyboards for the advertising industry. After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio, Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment, an 11-page Yellowjacket back-up story in "Solo Avengers" #12 (November 1988). 
Her other early work includes "Excalibur" and "Suburban Jersey Ninja She-Devils" for Marvel, "Strip AIDS U.S.A." for Last Gasp in 1988, and "Archie" and "The Adventures of Bayou Billy" stories for Archie Comics in 1989-90. During this time, she worked with Marvel editor and artist Jimmy Palmiotti (now her husband), who now frequently inks over Conner's pencils.
From 1993 - 1994 she penciled issues #1 - 10 of Peter David and Richard Howell's creator-owned series, "Soulsearchers and Company", which was published by Claypool Comics. In 1994 she penciled "Barbie Fashion" #43, a Marvel Comics title that was licensed from the Mattel doll. That same year she did her first Vampirella work with "Vengeance of Vampirella", a mini-comic that was bundled with an issue of "Wizard" magazine. The following year she pencilled issues 2 - 11 of Marvel's "Gargoyles", which was based on the Disney animated television series of the same name. In 1996 she pencilled "Kid Death & Fluffy Spring Break Special" #1 for Topps Comics and "Tomoe" #3 for Billy Tucci's Crusade Comics. She also returned to Vampirella with Harris' "Vampirella Lives" #1-3, which teamed her with writer Warren Ellis.
In 1997 she illustrated the intercompany crossover "Painkiller Jane vs. The Darkness" for Event Comics. It was in working on this book that Conner says that she found her niche in the industry, explaining that the licensed characters she had previously worked on, particularly Barbie and Vampirella (the latter of which she stresses she nonetheless enjoyed for the writers she worked with) had narrow emotional ranges, which limited the facial expressions she was able to render. On "PKJ v. the Darkness" she discovered that it was possible to render material of a dark tone that incorporated black humor. Conner returned to that character with "Painkiller Jane" #0, which recounted that character's origin. 
Her other comic book credits include "Lois Lane", "", and "Birds of Prey" for DC Comics, as well as "Two-Step" with writer Warren Ellis for the Cliffhanger! imprint of WildStorm Comics (owned by DC Comics); "X-Men Unlimited" for Marvel; "Gatecrasher", which she co-created for Black Bull Comics; and "The Pro", a creator-owned book for Image Comics with Palmiotti and Garth Ennis. In 2005, she illustrated the origin of Power Girl in "JSA Classified" #1-4. She also penciled a "Blade" comic to go with the special DVD edition.
Her art has appeared on ABC'S "Nightline", and in "The New York Times" and "MAD" magazine. She has also done promotional artwork for the reality television series "Who Wants to Be a Superhero?" and the 2007 feature film "Underdog". She does spot illustrations in "Revolver" magazine each month. Her commercial art work includes illustrations for the New York City advertising agencies Kornhauser & Calene, and Kidvertisers, for such accounts as Arm & Hammer, Playskool, and Nickelodeon. Nike, Inc. commissioned Conner and fellow comics artist Jan Duursema to design the "Make Yourself: A Super Power" advertising campaign in 2011.
Conner did modeling/art reference work for the Marvel miniseries "Elektra: Assassin" in the 1980s, and for artist Joe Jusko's "Punisher / Painkiller Jane" in 2000. Conner was in the wedding party for writer Kurt Busiek.
Conner, Palmiotti, and writer Justin Gray work together via their multimedia entertainment company PaperFilms. They collaborated on the "Terra" miniseries, which premiered in November 2008, and the first 12 issues of the "Power Girl" ongoing series, which were published between 2009 and 2010, both of which Conner penciled. in 2009, Conner drew the Supergirl story in "Wednesday Comics" which also featured appearance by Krypto and Streaky the Supercat. Following her departure from "Power Girl", Conner wrote and pencilled a story published in "Wonder Woman" #600, which featured a team-up between Power Girl, Wonder Woman, and Batgirl. IDW Publishing released "The Art of Amanda Conner" in April 2012 while DC Comics published "DC Comics: The Sequential Art of Amanda Conner" the following November. In 2012-2013, Conner drew the "Before Watchmen: Silk Spectre" limited series which she co-wrote with Darwyn Cooke. Cooke had insisted on having Conner as a collaborator on the series, stating that "I knew I had something to say about Laurie, and I needed somebody to collaborate with who could help realize it. The only person I know alive that could do that was Amanda. So I kind of made it a fuck-or-walk situation, you know? 'We get Amanda, or I can’t do this.' So that made it incumbent upon [DC co-publisher Dan to bring Amanda into it." Conner and Palmiotti launched a "Harley Quinn" ongoing series in November 2013.
Technique and materials.
While reading each page of a script, Conner does tiny thumbnail sketches with stick figures corresponding to the story indicated on each page, in order to help her design the page's layout. She then does tighter, more elaborate sketches, though still fairly small compared with the finished artwork, approximately 4" x 6", and then blows those up on a photocopier to the proper original comic art size, which is 10 inches x 15 inches. She then uses "very tight pencils" to light-box it onto Bristol board, if she intends to have it inked by her husband and collaborator, Jimmy Palmiotti, but will do the pencils "lighter and looser" if she intends to ink it herself, as she already knows how she wants the artwork rendered. 
Conner has created her own paper stock and blue line format on her drawing paper, because, she explains, she likes having those configurations pre-printed on the page, and feels that "sometimes the rough is too toothy and the smooth is too slick." The stock she uses is the 10" x 15" Strathmore 500 series, but she also orders a custom 8" x 12" stock because she sometimes finds those dimensions more comfortable and easier to work on more quickly. She also finds the Strathmore 300 series "pretty good" likes its nice texture and greater affordability, but says that must occasionally content with getting a "bleedy batch".
Conner uses mechanical pencils with .03 lead because she found it easier to use than regular pencils that require her to stop and sharpen them frequently. When working on one of her own projects, such as "The Pro", she prefers to letter the art herself, before the inking stage, as she appreciates the handmade, organic look and feel of hand lettering, in contrast to the computer lettering with which most books are currently produced. To ink her own artwork, she uses Staedtler .03, .01 and .005 technical pen, and will sometimes use a Copic .005 for extremely fine work, as these implements feel better in her hands than crowquills and brushes. As her artwork is open and lacks much shading, Conner feels that Paul Mounts is a compatible colorist for her work, as he achieves "the right amount of bounciness or moodiness, depending on what's needed." Conner has stated that her favorite things to draw are facial expressions and body language.
Personal life.
Conner has lived in Los Angeles, Jacksonville, Florida, and Connecticut. She and her husband and frequent collaborator Jimmy Palmiotti live in Brooklyn, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="2897722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897722" title="Pipal">
Pipal

Pipal may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2897726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897726" title="Rural Municipality of Lakeview">
Rural Municipality of Lakeview

Lakeview is a rural municipality located on the west shore of Lake Manitoba in Manitoba, Canada.
The first immigrants to this area were from Iceland. Lakeview was incorporated as a Rural Municipality in 1920. The first Council included: Magnus Peterson, G.W.Langdon(Reeve), Jas. M. Birnie, John Arksey, Alf W. Law, George Hall, Earl E. Davidson.
Communities.
The largest community is the town of Langruth. It has an area of approx with a ridge running north-south through the middle of it that used to be the shore line of the historic Lake Agassiz and is now Highway #50. The west side of the ridge is mainly bush land to the edge of the Big Grass Marsh and includes a Community Pasture that was opened May 1, 1945. East of the ridge, fertile farm land gently slopes down for about to the shore of Lake Manitoba which is about lower than the ridge.
In 1959, a V.O.R. site was established on Section 1-17-19W and is controlled and administered by the Department of Transport.
Other landmarks and place names include: Hollywood Beach, Airedale Road, Sandy Bay, Steele Bridge, Kinosota Ridge Road, Chandler Lake, Jackfish Lake, Big Grass Marsh Muskrat Management Ranch, Big Point,
Source: "Langruth Along the Crocus Trail"
According to the Canada 2001 Census:
Tourist Attractions
The town of Langruth is home to the Rural Pride Day celebration, held the first Sunday of May each year. This parade, originally organized to show pride in agricultural pursuits, has been expanded to show Langruth and area's tolerance of BGLT lifestyles. Parade organizer David Huyber is quoted as saying "Langruth is a progressive community and supports its gay, lesbian and transgendered citizen farmers".

</doc>
<doc id="2897727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897727" title="Oxyartes">
Oxyartes

Oxyartes (Greek: "Oxyártēs", in Persian: وخش‌ارد (Vaxš-ard), from an unattested form in an Old Iranian language: "*Huxšaθra-") was a Bactrian, father of Roxana, the wife of Alexander of Macedon. He is first mentioned as one of the chiefs who accompanied Bessus on his retreat across the Oxus river into Sogdiana (329 BC). After the death of Bessus, Oxyartes deposited his wife and daughters for safety in a rock fortress in Sogdiana, which was deemed impregnable, but which nevertheless soon fell into the hands of Alexander, who not only treated his captives with respect and attention, but was so charmed with the beauty of Roxana as to design to make her his wife. Oxyartes, on learning these tidings, is said to have hastened to make his submission to the conqueror, by whom he was received with the utmost distinction; and celebrated by a magnificent feast the nuptials of his daughter with the king, 327 BC. 
Shortly after we find him successfully interposing to prevail upon Chorienes to surrender his rock fortress; and at a subsequent period he was appointed by Alexander satrap of the province of Paropamisadae, in India. In this position he continued until the death of Alexander (323 BC), and was confirmed in his government, both in the first division of the provinces immediately after that event, and in the subsequent one at Triparadisus, 321 BC. 
At a later period we find him sending a small force to the support of Eumenes; but after the death of that general, 316 BC, he seems to have come to terms with Antigonus, who was content to assume the appearance of confirming him in an authority of which he would have found it difficult to dispossess him. It seems probable that he must have died before the expedition of Seleucus against India, as we find that monarch ceding Paropamisus to Chandragupta Maurya, without any mention of Oxyartes.

</doc>
<doc id="2897729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897729" title="John Chowning">
John Chowning

John M. Chowning (born August 22, 1934 in Salem, New Jersey) is an American composer, musician, inventor, and professor best known for his work at Stanford University and his invention of FM synthesis while there.
Contribution.
Chowning is known for having discovered the FM synthesis algorithm in 1967. In FM (frequency modulation) synthesis, both the carrier frequency and the modulation frequency are within the audio band. In essence, the amplitude and frequency of one waveform modulates the frequency of another waveform producing a resultant waveform that can be periodic or non-periodic depending upon the ratio of the two frequencies.
Chowning's breakthrough allowed for simple - in terms of process - yet rich sounding timbres, which synthesized 'metal striking' or 'bell like' sounds, and which seemed incredibly similar to real percussion. (Chowning was also a skilled percussionist.) He spent six years turning his breakthrough into a system of musical importance and eventually was able to simulate a large number of musical sounds, including the singing voice. In 1973 Stanford University licensed the discovery to Yamaha in Japan, with whom Chowning worked in developing a family of synthesizers and electronic organs. This patent was Stanford's most lucrative patent at one time, eclipsing many in electronics, computer science, and biotechnology.
The first product to incorporate the FM algorithm was Yamaha's GS1, a digital synthesizer that first shipped in 1981. Some thought it too expensive at the time, Chowning included. Soon after, in 1983, Yamaha made their first commercially successful digital FM synthesizer, the DX7.
Early life.
Chowning graduated from Wittenberg University with a Bachelor of Music in 1959. He studied music composition for three years with Nadia Boulanger in Paris and received his doctorate (DMA) from Stanford in 1966. He was the founding director in 1975 of the Center for Computer Research in Music and Acoustics (CCRMA) at Stanford University.
Chowning also worked for a number of years at IRCAM, in Paris.
Private life.
Chowning married Elisabeth Keller and they had two children, John and Marianne. Both John and Marianne had two children, Jade, Sam, Madeline, and Evan. John's second marriage is to Maureen (Doody) Tiernay and they had one child named James Scott.
Famous compositions.
One of Chowning's most famous pieces is called "Stria" (1977). It was commissioned by IRCAM for the Institute's first major concert series called "Perspectives of the 20th Century". His composition was noted for its inharmonic sounds due to his famous FM algorithm and his use of the golden mean (1.618...) in music.
Other famous compositions include "Turenas" (1972), which was one of the first electronic compositions to have the illusion of sounds moving in a 360-degree space. [] With "Phoné" (1980–1981), he became the first to put FM over voice synthesis. [http://musicweb.koncon.nl/ircam/en/artificial/phone.html][http://web.archive.org/web/20070715135156/][http://musicweb.koncon.nl/ircam/en/artificial/phone.html]

</doc>
<doc id="2897734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897734" title="Jeremiah Dyson">
Jeremiah Dyson

Jeremiah Dyson (1722 – 16 September 1776) was a British civil servant and politician.
He studied at Edinburgh University and matriculated at Leiden University in 1742. He settled a pension on his friend Mark Akenside, the poet and physician, and later defended Akenside's "The Pleasures of the Imagination" against William Warburton. He was a friend of Samuel Richardson.
He purchased the clerkship of House of Commons in 1748, and became a Tory after George III's accession. He discontinued the practice of selling the clerkships subordinate to his office. He was Member of Parliament for Yarmouth, Isle of Wight, 1762–8, for Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, 1768–74, and for Horsham, 1774. He was appointed a commissioner for the Board of Trade, 1764–8; a Lord of the Treasury, 1768–74; and a Privy Counsellor in 1774.
He supported Lord North's treatment of the American colonies. Isaac Barré nicknamed him "Mungo" (the black slave in Isaac Bickerstaffe's "The Padlock"), for his noted attention to parliamentary business.

</doc>
<doc id="2897745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897745" title="Embedded value">
Embedded value

The Embedded Value (EV) of a life insurance company is the present value of future profits plus adjusted net asset value. It is a construct from the field of actuarial science which allows insurance companies to be valued.
Background.
Life insurance policies are long-term contracts, where the policyholder pays a premium to be covered against a possible future event (such as the death of the policyholder).
Future income for the insurer consists of premiums paid by policyholders whilst future outgo comprises claims paid to policyholders as well as various expenses. The difference, combined with income on and release of statutory reserves, represents future profit.
Net asset value is the difference between the total assets and liabilities of an insurance company. 
For companies, the net asset value is usually calculated at book value. This needs to be adjusted to market values for EV purposes. Furthermore, this value may be discounted to reflect the "lock in" of some of the assets by their nature. (An example of such a lock-in would be assets held within the with-profits fund)
Value of the insurer.
EV measures the value of the insurer by adding today's value of the existing business (i.e. future profits) to the market value of net assets (i.e. accumulated past profits).
It is a conservative measure of the insurer's value in the sense that it only considers future profits from existing policies and so ignores the possibility that the insurer may sell new policies in future. It also excludes goodwill. As a result the insurer is worth more than its EV.
Formula.
Embedded Value is calculated as follows:
where
Improvements.
European embedded value (EEV) is a variation of EV which was set up by the CFO Forum which allows for a more formalised method of choosing the parameters and doing the calculations, to enable greater transparency and comparability.
Market Consistent Embedded Value is a more generalised methodology, of which EEV is one example.

</doc>
<doc id="2897768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897768" title="Saint Christina">
Saint Christina

Saint Christina or Christine can refer to several saints: 

</doc>
<doc id="2897784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897784" title="New Zealand American">
New Zealand American

New Zealand-Americans are Americans born in New Zealand or born in the United States of America who has New Zealand ancestry. According the 2010 surveys, there 19,961 New Zealand Americans. Most them are of European descent, but some hundreds are of indigenous New Zealand descent. So, Some 925 of those New Zealand-Americans declared be of Tokelauan origin. On the other hand, the 2000 Census indicated also the exist of 1,994 people of Māori descent in US.
Many New Zealanders came to the United States after World War II. A significant portion (although not the majority) of these immigrants were war brides, because they had married U.S. soldiers who were stationed in the Pacific theater during the war. Since the 1940s, the majority of New Zealanders who have settled in United States came seeking higher education or employment, especially in the work related to finance, import and export, and entertainment industries. Some small communities of New Zealanders have been created in Chicago area and in Green Bay and Madison, Wisconsin areas.
List of New Zealand Americans.
New Zealand Americans include:

</doc>
<doc id="2897786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897786" title="Commander Perkins">
Commander Perkins

Commander Perkins is a German science fiction series by H. G. Francis, published partly as audio plays and partly as a series of novels.
Background.
The series is set approximately 50 to 100 years in the future. Mankind has settled the moon, where the moon base "Delta-4" is a central setting, while the rest of the solar system is being explored. The scientist character of Professor Dr. Arthur Common has created (with the assistance of his daughter Cindy) the "Dimension Transmitter." With this device, users can overcome arbitrary distances without time delay. Via an enormous energy expenditure from the Transmitter, the Time/Space dimensions break open to allow small groups of humans to visit alien planets without transport.
Based on this premise, in this series, the protagonist Commander Randy Perkins and his friend and colleague Major Peter Hoffmann, often accompanied by the professor's telepathically gifted son Ralph, undertake voyages into alien worlds, often involving the ill-prepared Earth in intergalactic events.
The Vega Series.
The Wega Series is the first series that consists of six audio plays that were produced in 1976-1978 by Europa (audio play). It was directed by Heikedine Körting, with scripts written by H. G. Francis. The playing time of the individual audio plays varies between 35 and 50 minutes.
Episodes:
Starring
Also Starring: Andreas Beurmann, Volker Bogdan, Volker Brandt, Werner Cartano, Peter Kirchberger, Ernst von Klipstein, Lutz Mackensy, Rolf Mamero, Christian Mey, Hella von der Osten-Sacken, Jochen Sehrndt, Horst Schick, Heinz Trixner, Claus Wilcke.
Plot summary.
The Dimension Transmitter is still in the experimentation stage. However, there is already contact with the eighth planet of the Vega system. With cameras and probes, data were collected from that planet. On the moon base, Ralph Common is lured into the Dimension Transmitter by a "telepathic voice". He overrides all safety locks and is transported to the Vega planet, where he is detained by the locals. Professor Common asks Commander Perkins and Major Hoffmann to bring back his son to the moon. They succeed; however, Ralph Common tells them that there must be a connection between Earth and Vega, since there are maps showing the area of the Mediterranean Sea. Communication with the Vegans is not yet possible, with the exception of the "Telepathic Voice", which only Ralph can hear.
The Vegans realize that there is a dimension portal set up between the worlds. By waiting at its warp point, they send an emissary to the moon who, however, is killed by accident. In an attempt to mediate, Perkins, Hoffmann and Ralph take another trip to the Vega. They fail, and Perkins is captured. A release attempt succeeds, but apparently the commander was brainwashed and remains in a kind of awake coma. Perkins awakes after half a year - at the same time a Vegan spaceship appears on Earth, which is later accidentally shot down (the ship creates an energy field which scrambles electronic processes in both machines and the human body). Vegan survivors try to reach the Dimension Transmitter in order to return to their home world. Professor Common wants to release the Vegans, but the military wants to cross-examine the extraterrestrials. But while transporting them back to the Vega an error occurs, Perkins, Hoffman and the Vegans are hurled not just through space and to the Vega planet, but also into the past, where the two humans witness the accidental death of a nobleman and are blamed for murder. At the last second, Professor Common finds the two men and can bring them back.
Meanwhile, clues were found that the Vegans had something to do with the Biblical disaster of Sodom and Gomorrah. All the Vegan men of the shot spaceship are declared dead, and in retaliation the Vegans send a space fleet to Earth in order to take revenge. The destruction of mankind seems inevitable. Perkins, Hoffman and Ralph travel to Vega to settle the conflict; there they meet Bordon the Immortal, whose aging process had been stopped by a curse (which is linked to the death of the nobleman Perkins and Hoffman had witnessed). Together they manage to halt the attack on earth, but it proves to be only a temporary solution.
As the Vegans poise to strike against Earth, Perkins takes a desperate gamble; against the strict orders of Colonel Jason, he hides Professor Common on a deserted moon station and merely disables the Dimension Transmitter, since he knows that the device is mankind's only hope to end this conflict. The Vegans invade Delta-4, but come up empty-handed and - as Perkins has hoped - are now willing to negotiate. To his surprise, the Vegan high commander turns out to be Bordon himself, who is also revealed as the telepathic voice which had lured Ralph into the Dimensional Transmitter. Bordon is participating in the war to prove that the humans are the ones to blame and the Vegans therefore have the right to retaliate. After much arguing, Perkins manages to persuade the Immortal to find the roots for the Vegan antipathy against the humans - by means of controlled time travel back to the last days of Sodom and Gomorrha.
Along with Ralph, Perkins, Hoffman and Bordon arrive near the two cities just in time to see a Vegan spaceship land. As it turns out, Sodom and Gomorrah had been the landing site of an ancient Vegan expedition. One of its members, Drapondor (an Immortal like Bordon himself) had disappeared, and that caused a conflict between the two people. As Perkins' group enters the city, they attract unwelcome attention and seek refuge in the house of Lot, where they find Drapondor - infected with leprosy, which is also the cause of his detachment from the expedition force. As the events transpire as recorded in the Bible, Perkins and his group, taking Lot and his family along, manage to escape just before the Vegans drop an atomic bomb, eradicating the two cities. The time travelers are whisked back into their own time at the last second; in Delta-4 Drapondor is cured of the disease, and the series ends with Bordon making a public apology to the people of the Earth.
The First Novels.
In 1979, Franz Schneider Verlag published two Commander Perkins novels. Interestingly enough Francis does not take any references to the audio plays in those two books. With the second novel a new character, Camiel the robot, is introduced.
Plot summaries.
A red veil deposits itself around Earth which lets humans disappear when it lowers to the ground. It is found out, the fog originated from the Dimension Transmitter as a small ball came and damaged. After the repair Commander Perkins, Major Hoffmann and Ralph Common travel to the planet Empty, from which the fog came and investigate, how to fight the strange substance, threatening all life on Earth.
Ralph Common and all the psi-talented humans on Earth lie in dying, a telepathic power of the planet Psion seems to destroy their brains. In the last second Ralph can be protected with a special helmet against the psi attack. Commander Perkins, Major Hoffmann, Ralph Common and the robot Camiel travel to Psion investigating the cause of the attack. They determine that on the strange planet, all inhabitants act like soulless machines.
The Arrow Trilogy.
The second series consists of three audio play episodes that appeared 1980 under the direction of Heikedine Körting under the label Europa. The scripts were again written by H. G. Francis. A 4th and 5th episode were announced, however they never appeared. H. G. Francis also never wrote scripts for those. Why those episodes did not appear is not completely clear. However low sales figures of the first three audio plays might have been decisive. The action placed around the planet Arrow and The Middle Eye is incomplete. H. G. Francis used elements from the Arrow Trilogy in the Copanian plot, which resulted in some inconsistencies in the novels. The playing time of the individual audio plays is approximately 33 minutes each.
Episodes:
Starring
Also Starring: Volker Brandt, Peter Buchholz, Werner Cartano, Wolfgang Jürgen, Harald Pages.
Plot summary.
Professor Common discovers a planet that is littered with spaceship wrecks across the planet's surface. The military (including Colonel Jason) have a primary interest in retrieving the weapons from the destroyed spaceships. During the exploration, the Humans are frightened by a highly sophisticated people. One of their scientists, Coleman, even ealerts the aliens to the humans' presence by activating some of the wrecks' equipment.
An evacuation of the planet takes place immediately, but documents determining the galactic position of the Earth brought along by Coleman remain on Arrow. Perkins and Hoffman, with the scientist in their company, are sent back to the ship graveyard to retrieve or destroy them, but the aliens (which resemble humanoid panthers) are alerted and Coleman begins to act increasingly irrational. As it turns out, he has come under the mental control of a metal-devouring creature the aliens use to dispose of the wrecks, which later kills the scientist. Perkins and Hoffman are taken prisoner.
In the meantime, Professor Common, Cindy and Colonel Jason try their best to retrieve Perkins' group, but they do not succeed. Instead, however, a strange device appears in the Dimension Transmitter which emanates strange impulses which grow stronger and stronger. The professor, assuming that the device is either a weapon or a homing beacon, immediately sends it to another solar system.
In their holding cell on Arrow, Perkins and Hoffman encounter a fellow prisoner: one of the aliens, who introduces himself as Polcor, a Galactic Weapon Master. In addition, the cell is telepathically empowered and begins to pull the information about Earth from their minds when Professor Common rescues them. After the two have reported, Colonel Jason realizes the value of Polcor as a source of information and sends them back - along with Ralph - to retrieve him from the cell and question him on an uninhabited planet. But Polcor's identity turns out to be a ruse: He is in fact the ruler of the Galactic Weapon Masters on Arrow, and he had developed a horrible weapon - a Sun Annihilator - for a greater cosmic power, the Middle Eye, which had, of course, been refused. In order to make up for the disgrace, Polcor tries to blame mankind for the existence of the weapon. What is worse is that the Sun Annihilator is actually the device Professor Common had accidentally snatched with the Dimension Transmitter.
Retrieving the Annihilator, Perkins, Hoffman, Ralph and Polcor return to Arrow, to be captured by the Middle Eye, an alien race appearing as sentient, eye-like beings. Polcor's accusations against the humans are easily countered by Perkins; still, the Middle Eye decides to keep the humans as prisoners to learn the location of Earth from them. Polcor, on the other hand, is punished for his deceit by being forced to watch his home planet getting destroyed by the Middle Eye. In revenge, Polcor frees the humans and enables their escape from the Eye's ship before they can be interrogated, and with the help of Professor Common they return safely to Earth.
The Copanian Series.
In 1980 and 1981, the Franz Schneider Verlag published four more books with a continuous plot line to create the Copanian Series. However, no reference was made to either the "Wega" or the "Arrow" series, although "The Middle Eye" played an important role.
Plot summary.
Dr. John Lightfire has discovered a planet which exhibits best living conditions. After an examination too swift Humans begin to colonize "Lightfire." On a tour with Ralph Common and his friend George Croden Commander Perkins discover an ancient robot. The machine attempts to attack them, but collapses from weakness brought on by age. Ralph and George start to age rapidly. Humans determine Lightfire is a sacred planet which must not be set foot on by threat of annihilation of the whole race of the trespasser. In the hasty evacuation, the Copanian high priest Arentes manages to smuggle himself to Earth. He finds Humans interesting and wants to study them to find out, whether they might be worth to be spared. Meanwhile, the Humans have successfully deceived the Copanians into attacking a different uninhabited planet instead of Earth. Closer investigations determine the bait planet to be consumed by a Copanian controlled black hole is inhabited after all. Feverishliy, the Humans try to save the doomed planet and its inhabitants.
The Seven Columns Series.
In 1983 and 1984, the Franz Schneider Verlag published what would be the last three novels for the Seven Columns Series. These formed the prelude to the series. At least one further novel was in preparation, however no more appeared. Unfortunately, the plot line remained unfinished.
Plot summary.
On planet Phart, Perkins, Hoffmann, Camiel, and Cindy Common discover a buried sleeper ship. On board is a martial people for whom the planet is meant to be a prison. Humans wake these warriors not knowing what grave danger for other planets they evoke. The ship takes course on the planet Canyoura around it to attack. Perkins and the others go to Canyoura to warn the population. The people of the planet to not believe them, citing that no one would dare attack the planet as it has one of the Seven Columns. When humans research the meaning of these columns, they are taken prisoner and trained to become gladiators for Canyouran entertainment. On the run Perkins and Hoffmann discover the secret of the First Column, immortality.
Audio plays based on the novels.
The audio play publisher Maritim produced new audio plays based on the first four novels by H.G. Francis. These appeared under the name "Das Sternentor", since Europa still holds the rights of the name "Commander Perkins". The fifth audio play was to appear in October 2005 but the demise of one of the starring actors delayed production. They were announced for July or August 2006.
Episodes:
Starring
Also Starring: Peer Augustinski, Tanja Dohse, Sabine Hahn, Michael Harck, Günther Lüdke, Reent Reins, Charles Rettinghaus, Ursula Vogel, Pia Werfel, Claus Wilcke.

</doc>
<doc id="2897789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897789" title="Zachary Lansdowne">
Zachary Lansdowne

Lieutenant Commander Zachary Lansdowne, USN (December 1, 1888 - September 3, 1925) was a United States Navy officer and early Naval aviator who contributed to the development of the Navy's first lighter-than-air craft. He earned the Navy Cross for his participation in the first transoceanic airship flight while assigned to the British "R34" in 1919. He later commanded the USS "Shenandoah" (ZR-1), which was the first rigid airship to complete a flight across North America. He was killed in the crash of the "Shenandoah".
Biography.
Born in Greenville, Ohio, Lansdowne was appointed to the United States Naval Academy September 2, 1905 and commissioned Ensign June 5, 1911. He subsequently served on the destroyer , and in the Ohio Naval Militia. After completing his aviation training, he became Naval Aviator 105. 
Lansdowne was assigned to duty with the Royal Naval Air Service during and after World War I, to study dirigibles. He was awarded the Navy Cross “for distinguished service...as one of the crew of the British airship R-34, which in July 1919, made the first successful nonstop passage from England to the United States.” 
He married Margaret Kennedy Ross (September 30, 1902-June 9, 1982) on December 7, 1921 in Washington D.C. She was later remarried John Caswell Jr. on February 27, 1927. Caswell died on December 23, 1954 in Washington D.C.
On February 11, 1924 Landsdowne took command of the rigid lighter-than-air ship, , and was killed when she crashed at Ava, Ohio, September 3, 1925. He was buried later that month in section four at Arlington National Cemetery.
The crash of the "Shenandoah" was the trigger for United States Army Colonel Billy Mitchell to heavily criticize the leadership of both the Army and the Navy, leading directly to his court-martial for insubordination and the end of his military career.
Lansdowne's house in Greenville still stands; it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Namesake.
The , a "Gleaves"-class destroyer, and Lansdowne Airport in Youngstown, Ohio were named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="2897802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897802" title="Naughty by Nature (album)">
Naughty by Nature (album)

Naughty by Nature is the self-titled second album from Naughty by Nature, released on September 3, 1991 through Tommy Boy Records. It was a critical and commercial success, having been certified platinum on February 6, 1992, thanks in large part to the hit single, "O.P.P.", which reached #6 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1991.
Additional singles released from the album were "Everything's Gonna Be Alright" and "Uptown Anthem", both of which were minor hits on the "Billboard charts".
Reception.
Stanton Swihart of Allmusic claims that it was the most "contagious crossover radio smash in the autumn of 1991." In addition, Swihart considers "Naughty by Nature" to be "both a pop and a rap classic," as well as a "must-have album for fans of East Coast rap."
In 1998, the album was selected as one of the 100 Best Rap albums by "The Source".
Samples.
"Yoke the Joker"
"Wickedest Man Alive"
"O.P.P."
"Everything's Gonna Be Alright"
"Let the Ho's Go"
"Every Day All Day"
"Guard Your Grill"
"Pin the Tail on the Donkey"
"1, 2, 3"
"Rhyme'll Shine On"
"Thankx for Sleepwalking"

</doc>
<doc id="2897809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897809" title="Plastochron">
Plastochron

The plastochron (or plastochrone) index and the leaf plastochron index are ways of measuring the age of a plant dependent on morphological traits rather than on chronological age. Use of these indices removes differences caused by germination, developmental differences and exponential growth.
Definitions.
The spatial pattern of the arrangement of leaves is called phyllotaxy whereas the time between successive leaf initiation events is called the plastochron and the rate of emergence from the apical bud is the phyllochron.
The plastochron ratio.
In 1951, F. J. Richards introduced the idea of the plastochron ratio and developed a system of equations to describe mathematically a centric representation using three parameters: plastochron ratio, divergence angle, and the angle of the cone tangential to the apex in the area being considered.
Emerging phyllodes or leaf variants experience a sudden change from a high humidity environment to a more arid one. There are other changes they encounter such as variations in light level, photoperiod and the gaseous content of the air. Some effects on the phyllochron/plastochron ratio are discussed in the papers: "Effects of Higher Temperatures, Photoperiod and Seed Vernalisation on Development in Two Spring Wheats" and "A functional-structural model of the elongation of the grass leaf and of its relationships to the phyllochron". 

</doc>
<doc id="2897823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897823" title="'t kofschip">
't kofschip

The 't kofschip (, "the merchant-ship") or 't fokschaap rule is a mnemonic that determines the endings of a regular Dutch verb in the past indicative/subjunctive and the ending of the past participle. This rule should not be confused with the so-called T-rules ("t-regels").
Rule.
The rule goes as follows:
For example:
Because of the idiosyncrasies of Dutch spelling, some forms are spelled in unexpected ways. The past tense forms of "proeven" and "blozen" are written with "f" and "s", as Dutch spelling rules permit the letters "v" and "z" only at the beginning of a syllable; however the pronunciation remains and . Words may not end in a double consonant, so the past participles "gerust", "geland" and "gered" do not get an additional "-d". See Dutch orthography for more information.
Because of regular final-obstruent devoicing, the past participle ending is pronounced with a voiceless even though "d" is spelled. When the participle is inflected (in accordance with a following noun), the devoicing is undone, like in other words. Thus "geland" , "geleegd" , "geproefd" inflect to "gelande" , "geleegde" , "geproefde" respectively.
Further details.
On a phonological level, the rule is a form of voicing assimilation: the consonant of the past-tense ending takes on the voicing of whatever sound precedes it. Thus, the endings beginning with voiceless "-t-" are used after voiceless consonants, while the endings beginning with voiced "-d-" are used after voiced consonants and vowels (which are always voiced). Similar rules appear in several other Germanic languages, such as Swedish and English. In English, the rule is not usually reflected in spelling, but is still regular in pronunciation: compare "raced" and "razed" .
Because the rule is intended only as an educational tool, it only covers the basic Dutch vocabulary which consists mostly of native Germanic verbs. It cannot be applied to verbs with "new" phonemes such as and , nor to foreign words whose spelling was not completely adapted to Dutch spelling. It also cannot be used for initialisms. In this case, only the underlying voicing of the pronounced final consonant can be used to determine the ending. For example:

</doc>
<doc id="2897826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897826" title="British Semi-longhair">
British Semi-longhair

The British Semi-longhair cat is a medium-length-hair version of the British Shorthair. Apart from its coat length, it is identical to the British Shorthair. The British Longhair is also known as the Lowlander in the United States and the Britanica in Europe, but is not recognised in the UK as a separate breed.
The rationale for this breed is that the original long-haired British cat, through interbreeding with imported longhairs, was developed into the Persian and became increasingly massive and extreme in type and with longer, thicker fur than the early Persians. During the late 19th century and early 20th century, the Persian was considered the long-haired analogue of the British Shorthair. Frances Simpson's "The Book of the Cat" depicts and describes the old type of Persian, today known as the Traditional Persian.
During the latter part of the 20th century, a short-haired version of the modern Persian was developed and was formalized as the Exotic Shorthair; this was very different from the British Shorthair. It was therefore proposed that a long-haired cat of the British type be reintroduced into the cat fancy.
These cats have very reserved personalities and usually have somewhat short legs and curly stomach hair, and are more likely to suffer from kidney complaints than various other cats.

</doc>
<doc id="2897833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897833" title="2007 Rugby World Cup – repechage qualification">
2007 Rugby World Cup – repechage qualification

During the 2007 Rugby World Cup qualification, there were two repechage positions available for the finals tournament.
Repechage 1.
Portugal win 26-20 on aggregate and advances to Round 2.
Portugal win 24-23 on aggregate and goes to the 2007 Rugby World Cup, in group C.
Repechage 2.
Tonga qualified as Repechage 2.

</doc>
<doc id="2897844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897844" title="Pefletti">
Pefletti

In Finland, a pefletti is a simple device used in a sauna. It is a sheet of paper, cardboard, cloth, foam rubber or other soft material that is placed on the sauna bench and then sat on. Its purpose is to maintain sanitary conditions in a sauna with a wide user base by preventing genital contact with the bench. Another reason is to prevent uncomfortable feeling because of the heat. The pefletti come in both disposable and re-usable varieties. The word pefletti is a combination of the Finnish word "peffa", which is a mild slang word for one's behind, and the Swedish word "tablett". The pefletti has a role in the very traditional yet various sauna habits in Finland.
The larger kind of "pefletti" made of linen or cotton fabric, that covers either the majority of the width of the sauna bench, or a single seat of the bench and backrest for one sitter is called a laudeliina. This cloth is usually washed after each use and used for sanitary and comfort purposes such as the pefletti. 
One of the earlier forms of pefletti was "pillunpäre", which literally means the kind of very thin wooden sheet that was once used for women to sit on in sauna during their period so that the blood would not defoul the clenliness of the sauna bench. It is still a saying that something was broken to smithereens: "pillunpäreiksi".

</doc>
<doc id="2897846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897846" title="Henry Ducie Chads">
Henry Ducie Chads

Admiral Sir Henry Ducie Chads, GCB (1788–1868) was an officer in the Royal Navy who saw action from the Napoleonic Wars to the Crimean War.
He entered the Royal Naval Academy at 12 years of age, and in 1803 embarked aboard the 74-gun ship of the line HMS "Excellent", sharing in the defence of Gaeta and the capture of Capri. In July 1808, he joined the 36-gun frigate and during the Mauritius campaign distinguished himself at the occupation of the Île de la Passe, gateway to the Isle de France (now Mauritius). On the defeat of the British squadron by the French, he was made prisoner, but was rescued from captivity when the British captured Mauritius, and re-appointed first lieutenant of "Iphigenia". 
In December 1812, as senior Lieutenant of the frigate HMS "Java", he distinguished himself in the battle between that ship and the American frigate "Constitution". Captain Lambert having been mortally wounded, Chads (himself severely wounded) continued the struggle, until compelled to surrender after nearly four hours' fighting. This action secured promotion and the command of the sloop "Columbia". Chads afterwards served at Guadaloupe in 1815.
In 1823, he was prominent in the expedition against Rangoon, as a result of which he was made post-captain on 25 July 1825, created a Companion of the Bath, and received the thanks of the Government of India, and praise in the British House of Commons. He was next engaged in forcing the passage of the Bocca Tigris, September 1834, commanding from 1834 to 1837. 
In 1841-5 he was on the Chinese station in command of , and then commanded the Royal Navy’s gunnery school HMS "Excellent". Chads reformed the whole system of naval gunnery, both as regards weight of metal and rapidity of fire. He was promoted to rear-admiral on 12 January 1854 and, flying his flag in HMS "Edinburgh", was third in command of the fleet sent to the Baltic under Sir Charles Napier, who claimed that Chads ‘knew more about gunnery than any man in the service'. He was one of the leaders in the bombardment and capture of the fortress of Bomarsund. He struck his flag in 1855, and as a reward for his services was created a Knight Commander of the Bath. From 1856 to the end of 1858, he held the command-in-chief in Ireland, being promoted to vice-admiral on 24 November 1858, and then to full admiral on 3 December 1863. In 1865 was created Knight Grand Cross of the Bath and received the Admiral's good service pension.
In literature.
Chads makes a brief appearance, in his heroic role as First Lieutenant of the "Java", in the novel "The Fortune of War" by Patrick O'Brian.

</doc>
<doc id="2897847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897847" title="Côte Chalonnaise">
Côte Chalonnaise

Côte Chalonnaise is a subregion of the Burgundy wine region of France. Côte Chalonnaise lies to the south of the Côte d'Or continuing the same geology southward. It is still in the main area of Burgundy wine production but it includes no Grand cru vineyards. Like the Côte d'Or, it is at the western edge of the broad valley of the river Saône, on the rising ground overlooking the town of Chalon-sur-Saône which is about six kilometers out into the plain. To the north, across the River Dheune, lies the Côte de Beaune. To the south is the Mâconnais. The grapes of the region are predominantly Pinot noir and Chardonnay with some Aligoté and Gamay also grown in vineyards spread over a stretch of 25 kilometers long and 7 kilometers wide of undulating land in which vineyards are interspersed with orchards and other forms of farming.
The wine-producing communes of the Côte Chalonnaise are, from the north: Bouzeron, the only communal AOC for Aligoté still wine; Rully, which has 23 premier cru vineyards and is known for its white wines as well as being a center for "Crémant" sparkling wines production; Mercurey, which with 30 premier cru vineyards is the largest volume producer of the region, its wines being nearly all red; Givry, with 17 premier cru vineyards producing mostly red wines; and Montagny, which produces only white wines in its 49 premier cru vineyards.
History.
The Côte Chalonnaise is named after the town of Chalon-sur-Saône, located on the Saône. Its location made the town an important trading centre of the Celts in Gaul. The region was later used by the Ancient Romans with wine being one of the commodities traded up and down the river. More than 20,000 amphorae stamped with Roman emblems have been found in graves in this area. In the 18th it was a vital link on the Canal du Centre which linked the wine regions of the south of France to the key markets in the north. 
In the 1980s, the region experienced a renaissance highlighted with a substantial jump in quality wine production. With the price of Burgundy wine steadily escalating, the Côte Chalonnaise developed a reputation for consistent quality for lower cost than some of the more well known villages of Burgundy. This led to a sharp increase in the price of wines from the Côte Chalonnaise which brought an influx of investment and money to the region. By the early 21st century, the prices on the wine market were beginning to experience some market correction.
Climate and geography.
South of the village of Santenay in the Côte de Beaune region is the city of Chagny which begins the Côte Chalonnaise. The climate and vineyard soils of the Côte Chalonnaise are very similar to those of the Côte d'Or, though the rainfall is slightly less. However, unlike the Côte d'Or, the vineyards of the Côte Chalonnaise do not run along the slopes of a single escarpment but rather are three isolated on patches of limestone. The first patch of vineyards located northwest of Chalon-sur-Saône includes the villages of Bouzeron, Rully and Mercurey which is separated by only a few km from the second patch of vineyards around the village of Givry. Located due west from Saint-Rémy and southwest of Chalon-sur-Saône this patch is nearly 5 kilometers from the third patch of vineyards that make up the Montagny region.
The landscape of the region is much more agrarian than other parts of Burgundy with pastures and orchards interspersed among vineyards. The soft rolling hills of the area reach altitudes between 750-1,050 feet (230–320 metres). These hills provide some protection from frost and hail damage. The soil is predominately limestone mixed with sand and clay and the occasional iron deposit. Around the city of Mercurey, the soil has a high concentration of iron-enriched marl. The diversity in slopes and soils creates a myriad of microclimates that can greatly influence the varying quality of wine from the Côte Chalonnaise, even among vineyards labeled as premier cru.
Appellations.
All wine produced in the Côte Chalonnaise qualifies for the "Appellation d'origine contrôlée" (AOC) Bourgogne Côte Chalonnaise though it is more often declassified to the generic Bourgogne AOC because of the higher name recognition of the later. Sparkling wine made from the region is usually labeled as "Crémant de Bourgogne". The Côte Chalonnaise has five village-level AOCs. They are, from north to south: Bouzeron, the only communal AOC for Aligoté still wine; Rully, which has 23 premier cru vineyards and is known for its white wines as well as being a center for Crémant sparkling wines production; Mercurey, which with 30 premier cru vineyards is the largest volume producer of the region, its production being nearly all red; Givry, whose 17 premier cru vineyards also produce mostly red wines; and Montagny which produces only white wines and has 49 premier cru vineyards. There is currently no Grand Cru classed vineyards in the Côte Chalonnaise.
Bouzeron.
The village of Bouzeron is noted for its production of Aligoté. In 1979 the AOC Bourgogne Aligoté de Bouzeron was created as a single village level appellation above the generic Bourgogne Aligoté AOC. The move towards designation was spearheaded by the efforts of Aubert de Villaine, co-owner of Domaine de la Romanee-Conti. In 1997 the appellation's name was shorten to simply Bouzeron. Both Pinot noir and Chardonnay are also grown in this area but are usually seen labeled as basic "Bourgogne Rouge" and "Bourgogne Blanc".
There are about 151 acres (61 hectares) planted in the area. The Aligoté wines of this region is more similar in style and fruit characteristics to Pinot gris than to Chardonnay. The wines tend to be light bodied with subtle spice notes that are usually most vibrant up to 5 years after vintage.
Rully.
The village of Rully produces about twice as much white Chardonnay than red Pinot noir wines. As of 2008, there was about 756 acres (306 hectares) planted in this area. The soil of the area is sandy and light, producing light bodied wines that are best consumed young. The area is a major source of sparkling "Crémant de Bourgogne" which benefit from cooler vintages. In warmer years the wines tend to be lively with the whites showing apple notes. More than one sixth of all the vineyards in Rully have premier cru designations. The red wines of Rully tend to have more simple fruit notes, while the higher-quality white wines can display crisp leanness with lemon and nutty notes. The red wines tend to drink at their peak between 5–12 years after vintage while the whites usually drink well between 3–8 years.
Mercurey.
The village of Mercurey is the most widely recognised and important wine village of the Côte Chalonnaise, producing more wines than all other village appellations combined. The area is responsible for two out of every three bottles produced in the Côte Chalonnaise. So notable was Mercurey's influence that the entire Côte Chalonnaise was once commonly referred to as "Région de Mercurey". Of the 1,600 acres (650 hectares) planted, Pinot noir is the dominated grape variety with over 80% of the region's wine being red. More than one fifth of all the vineyards in Mercurey qualify for premier cru designation. The red wines of the region are characterised by their deep colour, compared to neighbouring regions, and fuller bodies. The red wines of Mercurey were reported the favorite wines of Gabrielle d'Estrées, mistress of King Henry IV of France.
The wines of Mercurey are noted for their spicy cherry notes but the range in quality can be quite varied. The late 20th century saw an influx in vineyard expansion with some new plantings going on sites less suitable for quality viticulture. This expansion has increased the propensity for lower quality Mercurey which can taste watery with its weaker fruit flavours. The rare white wines made in the area are characterised by their minerality and apple notes. Well-made examples typically drink at their peak between 5–12 years after vintage.
Givry.
The village of Givry produces many red Pinot noir wines representing more than 90% of the region's production. It is the smallest of all the village appellation but has been the most active and dynamically growing regions in recent years. As of 2008, there was about 541 acres (219 hectares) planted in this area. About one sixth of all the vineyards in Givry have premier cru designations. The red wines are noted for their structure and ability to age well. The white wines of the region are noted for their characteristic licorice notes in the bouquet and slight spicy-butteriness. The red wines of Givry were reportedly the favorite wines of King Henry IV. 
Compared to neighboring Mercurey, the red wines of Givry tend to be lighter and ready to drink at a younger age. They often exhibit rustic and earthy flavors. The wines can also have cherry and redcurrant notes that are usually at their peak between 5–12 years after vintage.
Montagny.
The region of Montagny — centered around the communes of Buxy, Jully-lès-Buxy, Montagny-lès-Buxy and Saint-Vallerin — is completely devoted to white Chardonnay production. Historically any vineyard in the region could qualify for premier cru designation, provided the alcohol content of the wine produced from the vineyard was at least 11.5% before chaptalization. In recent years the vineyards of Montagny have been classified in accordance with the same standards as the rest of the Côte Chalonnaise, but the area still boasts the highest concentration of premier cru vineyards with more than 490 acres (199 hectares) out of 736 acres (298 hectares) qualifying.
The whites of Montagny are noted for their acidity and body. The range in style from the lean, lively acidity characteristic of white Rully to the heavy, oakiness of Mâcon-Villages. These wines can normally drink at their peak between 3–10 years after vintage. The area also makes some sparkling "Crémant de Bourgogne".
Viticulture and winemaking.
The viticulture and winemaking practices of the Côte Chalonnaise are very similar to those of the Côte d'Or. However, yields are generally higher here with up to 10.5 gallons per 120 square yards (40 litres per 100 square metres) permitted. The exception is the region of Mercurey which maintains its yield restrictions to the same levels as the Côte d'Or. Grapes are normally harvested from late September to early October. Both red and whites are fermented in oak barrels with premium producers more likely to use new oak. The wines are usually aged for 6 to 10 months, being bottled in the late summer before the next vintage harvest. Depending on the quality of the vintage and winemaking practices, some Côte Chalonnaise can be prone to oxidation.
Grapes and wines.
The principal grapes of the Côte Chalonnaise are the same major grapes found throughout Burgundy — Pinot noir and Chardonnay. Additionally there is significant plantings of Aligoté around the town of Bouzeron. Other minor grapes of the region include Gamay, Melon de Bourgogne, Pinot blanc and Pinot gris (known locally as Pinot Beurot). The Gamay that is grown here is often blended with lower quality Pinot noir to make Bourgogne Passe-Tout-Grains. In addition to still wine production, a sizable amount of sparkling wine is also produced. The wines of the Côte Chalonnaise are often very fruit-forward in their youth. The white wines of the region are characterized by their toasty, smokey notes due to fermentation in oak barrels.
Wine expert Jancis Robinson describes them as "country cousins" in contrast to the more well known wines of the Côte d'Or but praises the wines for their usefulness as early drinking wines that usually do not require much aging. Rather than compare them to the Côte d'Or, wine expert Tom Stevenson recommends thinking of the wines of the Côte Chalonnaise as more of a better quality Mâconnais than a lower quality Côte de Beaune. Master of Wine Mary Ewing-Mulligan praises the wines of the Côte Chalonnaise for their relative affordability in contrast to the wines of the Côte d'Or. She describes the red wines as being on par with some of the lower village appellations of the Côte d'Or, having less complex aromas and earthier flavors. The lower cost of the wines leads to their regular appearance on restaurant wine lists.

</doc>
<doc id="2897857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897857" title="Liber Diurnus Romanorum Pontificum">
Liber Diurnus Romanorum Pontificum

Liber Diurnus Romanorum Pontificum (Latin for "Journal of the Roman Pontiffs") is the name given to a miscellaneous collection of ecclesiastical formulae used in the Papal chancery until about the 11th century. It fell into disuse through the changed circumstances of the times and was soon forgotten and lost.
The collection contains models of the important official documents usually prepared by the chancery; particularly of letters and official documents in connexion with the death, the election, and the consecration of the pope; the installation of newly elected bishops, especially of the suburbicarian bishops; also models for the profession of faith, the conferring of the pallium on archbishops, for the granting of privileges and dispensations, the founding of monasteries, the confirmation of acts by which the Church acquired property, the establishment of private chapels, and in general for all the many decrees called for by the extensive papal administration. The collection opens with the superscriptions and closing formulae used in writing to the Emperor and Empress at Constantinople, the Patricius, the Exarch and the Bishop of Ravenna, to a king, a consul, to patriarchs, metropolitans, priests and other clerics. The collection is important both for the history of law and for Church history, particularly for the history of the Roman Church. The formularies and models set down are taken from earlier papal documents, especially those of Gelasius I (492-496) and Gregory I (590-604). 
This collection was certainly compiled in the chancery of the Roman Church, but probably only a comparatively small number of the formularies contained in the extant manuscripts were included at first, the remainder being added from time to time. There is no systematic arrangement of the formularies in the manuscripts. 
Of the three existing manuscripts, the codex discovered in 1646 in the library of the monastery of Santa Croce in Gerusalemme in Rome and that since the eighteenth century is in the Vatican Archives, seems to date from the end of the eighth or the beginning of the ninth century; the manuscript, once in the Jesuit library at Clermont, France, now in the Benedictine library at Egmont, Netherlands, from the middle of the ninth century; and the third, originally from Bobbio, in the Ambrosian Library at Milan), to the end of the ninth or the beginning of the tenth century.
Theodor von Sickel, in the "Prolegomena" to his 1889 publication of the text of the Vatican manuscript (the only one then known to exist) showed that the work possesses by no means a uniform character. He recognized in it three divisions, the first of which he ascribes to the time of Honorius I (625-38), the second to the end of the seventh century, and the third to the time of Hadrian I (772-95). For his part Louis Duchesne ("Bibliothèque de l'Ecole des Chartes", LII (1891) 7ff) differed from Sickel, and maintained that the original version of most of the formularies, and among them the most important, must be referred to the years after 682, and that only the last formularies (nn. lxxxvi-xcix) were added in the time of Hadrian I, though some few of these may have existed at an earlier date. 
Hartmann defended the views of Sickel ("Mitteilungen des Instituts für österreichische Geschichte" 13 (1892) 239ff). Friederich ("Sitzungsberichte der bayerischen Akademie der Wissenschaften zu München, Phil.-hist. Kl.," I (1890) 58ff.) investigated more closely the case of some of the formularies attributed by Sickel to one of the aforesaid periods, and attempted to indicate more nearly the occasions and pontificates to which they belonged. These investigations established beyond doubt that the collection in the Vatican manuscript had already attained its present form towards the end of the 8th century, though a significant portion had been compiled during the 7th century. The "Liber Diurnus" was used officially in the papal chancery until the 11th century, after which time, as it no longer corresponded to the needs of papal administration, it gave way to other collections. Twelfth-century canonists, like Saint Ivo of Chartres and Gratian, still used the "Liber Diurnus", but subsequently it ceased to be consulted, and was finally completely forgotten. 
During the 17th century a manuscript of the "Liber Diurnus" was discovered in the monastery of Santa Croce in Gerusalemme in Rome by the humanist Lucas Holstenius, who also obtained another manuscript from the Jesuit Collège de Clermont in Paris. The death of Holstenius and pressure from the ecclesiastical censors led to the edition printed at Rome in 1650 being withheld from publication, the copies being stored at the Vatican. The reason for so doing was apparently formula lxxxiv, which contained the profession of faith of the newly elected pope, in which the latter recognized the Sixth General Council and its anathemas against Pope Honorius for his Monothelism. In other words, it appeared to acknowledge that a pope was capable of heresy. Holstenius's edition was reprinted at Rome in 1658; but was again withdrawn in 1662 by papal authority, though in 1725 Benedict XIII permitted the issue of some copies. 
From the manuscript in the Jesuit library at Clermont, which disappeared after 1746 as a result of the suppression of the Society of Jesus, but which was rediscovered in 1937 in the library of the Benedictine monastery of Egmont, the Jesuit Jean Garnier prepared an edition of the "Liber Diurnus" (Paris, 1680), which is very inaccurate, and contains arbitrary alterations of the text. In his "Museum Italicum" (I, II, 32ff) Jean Mabillon issued a supplement to this edition by Garnier. From these materials, the "Liber Diurnus" was reprinted at Basle (1741) and Vienna (1762) and taken up by Jacques-Paul Migne in his monumental "Patrologia Latina" (tome CV, Paris, 1851). 
A more reliable edition was published by Eugène de Rozière, "Liber Diurnus ou Recueil des formules usitées par la Chancellerie pontificale du Ve au XIe siècle", Paris, 1869. In the interest of this edition Daremberg and Renan compared Garnier's text with the Vatican manuscript, then regarded as the only one still existing. From this same manuscript Theodor von Sickel prepared a critical edition of the text: "Liber Diurnus Romanorum Pontificum ex unico codice Vaticano denuo editus" (Vienna, 1889). Just after the appearance of this work, however, Antonio Maria Ceriani announced the discovery of a new manuscript, originally from Bobbio, in the Ambrosian Library at Milan; towards the end this was more complete than the Vatican manuscript. This text was published at Milan in 1891 by Achille Ratti, a younger collaborator of Ceriani, and later to become Pope Pius XI.
Later editions have been able to take into account not only the oldest surviving manuscript, which is preserved in the Vatican and is described on the website of theVatican Secret Archives, and the slightly later manuscript in the Ambrosian Library, but also the rediscovered Clermont manuscript.
The Vatican manuscript contains 99 formularies, the Clermont 100 and the Ambrosian 106. Each manuscript has formularies that are not in the others. All "seem to be free reelaborations, mainly for monastic use, of official texts from the papal curia and the perhaps most famous and authoritative episcopal ones, for study in the schools of the monasteries and repeatedly updated for this purpose" (Vatican Archives). In other words, they served more or less as style books.
Sickel believed that the manuscript now in the Vatican Archives was the actual text used in the papal chancery. That hypothesis has now been abandoned, especially since it has been shown that this manuscript reached the library of Santa Croce in Gerusalemme from that of the Benedictine monastery of Nonantola.

</doc>
<doc id="2897866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897866" title="John Tomlinson (bass)">
John Tomlinson (bass)

Sir John Rowland Tomlinson, CBE (born 22 September 1946) is an English bass. He was born in Oswaldtwistle, Lancashire, England, UK.
Tomlinson studied with Patrick McGuigan at the Royal Northern College of Music and with Otakar Kraus. He sings regularly with the Royal Opera and English National Opera, and has appeared with all the major British opera companies. He has sung at the Bayreuth Festival in Germany every year from 1988 to 2006, as Wotan, the Wanderer, King Marke, Titurel, Gurnemanz, Hagen and the Dutchman. In 2008, he created the title role in Harrison Birtwistle's opera "The Minotaur" at the Royal Opera House.
Tomlinson was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 1997 for his services to music and was knighted in the 2005 Queen's Birthday Honours List.
In 2014 he was awarded the Gold Medal of the Royal Philharmonic Society.

</doc>
<doc id="2897877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897877" title="Feinman">
Feinman

Feinman(n) is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="2897880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897880" title="Bob Morane">
Bob Morane

Bob Morane is a series of adventure books in French, featuring an eponymous protagonist, created by French-speaking Belgian novelist Henri Vernes, the pseudonym of Charles-Henri Dewisme. More than 200 novels have been written since his introduction in 1953, the iconic covers illustrated by artists such as Pierre Joubert, Henri Lievens, William Vance, Claude Pascal and René Follet.
The popularity of "Bob Morane" led to his subsequent appearance in a 1960 film (now lost), a television series in 1965, a computer game in 1988, a 1998 animated series, and a long-running series of graphic novels (roughly 80 books since 1959) which has featured the artwork of artists such as Dino Attanasio, Gérald Forton, William Vance and Felicísimo Coria.
Synopsis.
The novels, which started as straight adventure fare, quickly included elements of espionage, crime fiction, science-fiction and fantasy. Bob Morane, a Frenchman, was a young volunteer RAF pilot during World War II (ranking from Fligh-Lt to wing commander depending on the translation of the term "Flying commander"). Claimed to be the highest decorated officer of the FFAL (Forces française aérienne libre or Free French Air Force) under Gen. de Gaulle. This would put him above Pierre Clostermann (actual FFAL top ranking pilot of which Morane was probably copied). Wounded in action by flak (scar on his face).
After the war, he became a full-time explorer, freelance reporter for "Reflets" magazine and adventurer. 6 ft 1 in-tall (185 cm) and athletic, Morane is proficient in many forms of hand-to-hand combat (Karaté black belt 2nd degree, Ju-Jitsu and Judo) as well as with many weapons (marksman). He speaks a wide variety of languages and most books usually start with him traveling to some exotic location. His adventures over the years brought him in contact with numerous highly placed figures of the world's intelligence community (Herbert Gains (Central Intelligence Agency), Lt. Gros-Jean (Royal Canadian Mounted Police), Sir Archibald Baywater (Scotland Yard)), who often ask him for help in some difficult business or other. He is described as a modern-day knight without fear or reproach, always ready to succor the needy and the oppressed as a modern Don Quixote (especially if they happen to be young ladies in distress, which apparently is often the case). Morane is however described as being as chaste as Sir Galahad.
As seen in a few stories with a heavy science-fiction slant, Morane is a sometimes agent of the Time Patrol, an organization from Earth's future that polices the time stream and stops time travelers from disrupting history.
Morane's close associates include Bill Ballantine, a herculean Scotsman who acted as Morane's aircraft mechanic in New Guinea(first novel); professor Aristide Clairembart, an old but energetic French archeologist; Sophia Paramount, a British journalist; Frank Reeves, an American worth more than a billion dollars; Herbert Gains, head of the CIA; and many others.
Morane's path has on many occasions crossed that of the series' main villain, mister Ming, also called "L'Ombre jaune" ("The Yellow Shadow"). Ming is a Mongol genius in the mold of Fu Manchu. Like Sax Rohmer's creation, Ming intends to destroy western civilisation and replace it with a world more in harmony with nature. Also like Fu Manchu, Ming uses violent means to reach his goals -means which include assassination, terrorism, as well as too many strange plots to be counted. Ming has pierced the secrets of eternal life, of creating androids, and of time travel.
Despite Morane's constant opposition, Ming holds his enemy in high regard, and never forgets he actually saved his life during their first encounter: his hand cut off by a deadly trap hidden in an ancient statue, Ming was bleeding to death but Morane bandaged the wound and made a tourniquet. In return, Ming decided to spare Morane's life this one time and gave him a medallion that allowed him to pass past his Dacoits (one of Ming's many minions), who were guarding the temple waiting to kill him. However, Ming's medallion would prove useful in many occasions in later adventures.
Other recurring opponents include Miss Ylang-Ylang, head of the spy agency S.M.O.G.; Roman Orgonetz a.k.a. as "the man with the golden teeth"; "Callaverde"; "Arthur Greenstreet", a highly intelligent and dedicated but deadly spy for hire but often associated with S.M.O.G.; and Dr. Xathan, the self-styled "master of light".
Comics.
There exist more than 80 Bande Dessinée comics stories of "Bob Morane", serialised, published in albums and republished in integral editions. 5 comics artists have illustrated the series over more than 40 years, under several publisher labels.
The first comics artist was Dino Attanasio who from 1959 to 1962 illustrated the first 5 stories which were published in "Femmes d'Aujourd'hui". The first album was released in 1960. Gerald Forton took over the series in 1962, as it continued publication in "Femmes d'Aujourd'hui", "Pilote" magazine, and "Het Laatste Nieuws". René Follet who illustrated covers for the early novels, also illustrated the covers for the albums drawn by Forton.
Forton was succeeded by William Vance in 1969 as "Bob Morane" left "Pilote" and continued its serial run in "Tintin" magazine. After 10 years, Vance passed the task on to his previous assistant Felicísimo Coria in 1979, who has continued to draw the series since. Two albums have been issued by the publisher Ananké/Milko with artwork by Frank Leclerq.

</doc>
<doc id="2897889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897889" title="Acacia kempeana">
Acacia kempeana

Acacia kempeana ("Acacia" or ακακία (akakia) from the Greek word "Akis" for thorn and "kempeana" after Pastor Kempe, co-founder of Lutheran Mission at Hermannburg-Ntaria in 1877), commonly known as wanderrie wattle, witchetty bush or granite wattle, is a shrub in subfamily Mimosoideae of family Fabaceae. Endemic to Australia, it is widely distributed through arid and semi-arid inland areas of Western Australia, South Australia, the Northern Territory and Queensland.
Description.
Wanderrie wattle grows as a spreading shrub with many stems, to a height of about four metres. Like most "Acacia" species, it has phyllodes rather than true leaves. These are a bright green colour, flat, up to nine centimetres long and 1½ centimetres wide. The flowers are yellow, and held in cylindrical clusters between one and two centimetres long. The pods are papery, about seven centimetres long and 1½ centimetres wide.
Uses.
The common name "witchetty bush" refers to the fact that Australian Aborigines obtained witchetty grubs from the roots. The bush also provided edible gum and seeds.

</doc>
<doc id="2897893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897893" title="List of directors of the National Intelligence Service (South Korea) and predecessor organizations">
List of directors of the National Intelligence Service (South Korea) and predecessor organizations

This is a list of the current and past directors of the National Intelligence Service of South Korea and its predecessor organisations, the Korean Central Intelligence Agency and the Agency for National Security Planning.

</doc>
<doc id="2897894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897894" title="List of amphibians of Great Britain">
List of amphibians of Great Britain

This is a list of the amphibians of Great Britain. There are seven amphibian species native to Great Britain, in addition, there are a number of naturalized species. The natives comprise three newts, two toads and two frogs.

</doc>
<doc id="2897896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897896" title="Indian School, Muscat">
Indian School, Muscat

Indian School Muscat (abbreviated: ISM) is an Indian school in Muscat, Oman. It was founded in 1975 as the central Indian school with 135 students. His Majesty Qaboos bin Said al Said, the benevolent ruler of the Sultanate of Oman granted land in Darsait that enabled the school to be established. Since then, the school has seen exceptional growth, both in terms of enrollment and size. As of 2010, the school boasts an enrollment of over 8500 students. The school is located in the Darsait area of the city. The school has a sprawling campus with 2 auditoriums, 3 libraries, 4 computer labs, various indoor facilities, 2 basketball courts, and a football ground.
The school is a non commercial organization established and funded by local Indian community and parents. It is managed by a group of 15-21 honorary members as SMC appointed by Board of Directors as apex body formed as per the Bye-laws of Indian Schools in Oman approved by the Department of International Education, Ministry of Education, Government of Oman. The school is affiliated with the Central Board of Secondary Education, New Delhi, India.
The school is a member of the Duke of Edinburgh's Award. This scheme was launched officially on 18 November 1992 with 23 girls and 20 boys from the school. The school currently has over 300 award entrants, who take part in a variety of confidence, character and team building activities including social/community Service and group excursions.
The school actively tries to bridge the gap between its students and the administration through a student government system, which consists of a student council and prefects. Prefects and the members of the Student Council are generally elected by the students and then are interviewed by the senior staff members. The school also has an active charity club that has helped various local charity organizations by conducting events to generate funds.
ISM is known for organizing carnivals, charity events and concerts to help the local community. They also host several inter-school events such as Jhankar Spectrum 2011 and 2012. The Mascot of Jhankar Spectrum 2011 was Mitu and of 2012 was Popo.
Alumni.
Famous alumni include tennis player Mahesh Bhupathi, former Miss India Sarah-Jane Dias and actress Sneha Ullal. Additionally, Sanam Puri, Bollywood singer, also went to Indian School Muscat.
Student Council.
In the field of students government, ISM has been a trailblazer since its inception in 1975. The student Council and Prefectorial systems serves as a new chapter in the lives of students. It gives them a chance to step into a wider life beyond this institution. They are a linchpin between the school and the student community.
The student council consists of 20 members (10 Boys and 10 Girls) elected by the students and then interviewed by the faculty for the following categories.
Virtual Tour.
Click here to view a Virtual Tour of Indian School Muscat.

</doc>
<doc id="2897909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897909" title="Granite wattle">
Granite wattle

Granite wattle may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2897910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897910" title="Bagansiapiapi">
Bagansiapiapi

Bagansiapiapi is a city in Riau province on the island of Sumatra, Indonesia. The city is the capital of Rokan Hilir Regency in the Riau Province and is located on the east coast of Sumatra, on the Rokan River delta across the strait west of Malacca and near Dumai.
History.
The town was originally populated mainly by Chinese immigrants who arrived at the end of 19th and the beginning of 20th century. Initially eighteen Chinese nationals sailed to Bagansiapiapi around 200 years ago and settled on the delta. All were from the family named Hung (Hokkien) (Hong / Ang. in other dialects). More followed, searching for a new life and seeking to avoid the economic hardships prevalent in Hokkien (China) at that time.
Every year, the Chinese community celebrates the anniversary of Bagansiapiapi, on the 16th day, of the 5th month of the Lunar year, believing that the initial immigrant group landed at Bagansiapiapi on that day.
Most of the Chinese population are Hokkien, originating from Tang-Ua (TongAn, now part of E-Meng/Xiamen), Kim-Mng (JinMen/Kinmen), and Cin-Kang (JinJiang/Jinjiang). Some Teochew, living mainly in the southern part, and a minority of Khek/Hakka also populated the town. Most of Chinese population communicate using the Tang-Ua dialect of Hokkien.
Bagansiapiapi was one of the largest fish producers in the world during the late 1980s and early 1990s, ranking third in the world. Bagansiapiapi is also famous for swallow nest farming. Indonesia's bird's nests are famous for their quality and are well liked by consumers. This industry has led Bagansiapiapi into a new era of economic growth, involving investment, high activity in building construction and export growth. 
In recent years, urbanization has been an issue. Most of the youth leave the town after high school to pursue a better life, or higher education in larger cities. They normally return for the traditional family reunion during the Chinese New Year celebrations.
The Bagansiapiapi incident.
The Bagansiapiapi incident occurred seven months after Indonesian independence. The Chinese residents did not want to display the Indonesian flag, and a riot ensued in which one person was killed. Riots targeting the Chinese population have continued throughout Indonesia since.
Fishing Town.
In the 1980s Bagansiapiapi was one of the largest fish producing towns in Indonesia, and the second highest producer of fish in the world, after Norway.
The fishing industry started with the first wave of Chinese immigrants, attracted to the area by the availability of abundant fishing. The town's heyday came under the jurisdiction of the Dutch East Indies, around 1930, when the fisheries produced 300,000 tons of fish per year. The annual production has fallen since, being particularly affected by a collapse of fish numbers since the 1970s, by which time over 800 trawlers based in the town were fishing the Shunda Shelf. The trawling ban in Indonesian waters, introduced in 1980, has had a significant effect on the economy of the town.
Transportation.
Transportation has been an area of concern for the government, as there is currently no airport. Bagansiapiapi is reached by road, being some 6 hours from Pekanbaru, capital of Riau, and 2.5 hours from Dumai. From North Sumatra and Medan the travel time by road is about 11 hours. 
The local government has an ongoing policy of improving the town infrastructure, including the widening of roads and improving street lighting.
In June 2008, a new ferry line opened from Port Dickson, Malaysia, with a travel time of three hours.

</doc>
<doc id="2897915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897915" title="Beinn an Òir">
Beinn an Òir

Beinn an Òir (Gaelic: "mountain of gold") is the highest peak of the Paps of Jura on the island of Jura, Scotland. It is the highest peak on the island, standing at 785 metres, and is thereby a Corbett.
Beinn an Òir is frequently climbed along with the other two peaks forming the Paps: Beinn Shiantaidh and Beinn a' Chaolais. The most usual route for this ascent starts from the bridge over the Corran River, and Beinn an Òir is invariably the second peak to be climbed, regardless of which order of peaks is chosen for the route. Alternatively, it is possible to avoid the other two peaks and climb Beinn an Òir from either of the bealachs that separate it from its neighbours. 

</doc>
<doc id="2897921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897921" title="Dingee railway station">
Dingee railway station

Dingee railway station is located on the Piangil line in Victoria, Australia. It serves the town of Dingee.
Disused Raywood station is located between Dingee and Eaglehawk, while disused Mitiamo station is located between Dingee and Pyramid.
Platforms & services.
Dingee has one platform. It is serviced by V/Line Swan Hill line services.
Platforms 1:

</doc>
<doc id="2897934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897934" title="Peter P. von Weymarn">
Peter P. von Weymarn

Peter Petrovich von Weymarn (commonly mis-spelt "von Weimarn") (July 18, 1879 – June 2, 1935) was a Russian chemist born in St. Petersburg known for his groundwork in colloid science.
In 1906 he stated the von Weymarn law: "Colloidal dispersions are obtained from very dilute or very concentrated solutions but not from intermediate solutions." The relative
supersaturation ratio herein is defined by S=(Q-L)/L (where Q is the amount of the dissolved material and L is its solubility).

</doc>
<doc id="2897937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897937" title="Dividing Creek">
Dividing Creek

Dividing Creek is a tributary of Delaware Bay in southern New Jersey in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="2897942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897942" title="Acacia inaequilatera">
Acacia inaequilatera

Acacia inaequilatera, commonly known as kanji bush or baderi, is a tree in the family Mimosaceae. Endemic to Australia, it is widely distributed in the semi-arid "Triodia" country eastwards from Karratha, Western Australia into the Northern Territory.
Kanji bush is a gnarled tree with corky bark and spiny foliage and stems. It grows to a height of between two and five metres. Like most "Acacia" species, it has phyllodes rather than true leaves. These are a blue-grey colour, with a curved midrib and a short spine at the tip. There is also a pair of curved spines at the base of each leaf. Unusually for "Acacia" species, the flowers are not pure yellow, but rather yellow with a reddish purple centre. These are held in spherical clusters about five millimetres in diameter. The pods are flat and curved, up to ten centimetres long and one centimetre wide.
Kanji bush is very fire tolerant and colonises rapidly after a bushfire. It is short-lived, lasting less than ten years.

</doc>
<doc id="2897949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897949" title="All Saints – The Video">
All Saints – The Video

The Video is a music video collection by the British girl group All Saints. It features interviews and highlights of their first year as a group. The DVD release only consists of music videos and was released 3 December 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="2897954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897954" title="Oranoaken Creek">
Oranoaken Creek

Oranoaken Creek is a tributary of Delaware Bay in southern New Jersey in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="2897964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897964" title="Zillmerisation">
Zillmerisation

Zillmerisation relates to the valuation of a life insurance company by an actuary.
When new regular premium protection business (such as life or critical illness insurance) is written, the value of the company may reduce (when viewed on a regulatory basis) even if the business is likely to be profitable. This effect is known as new business strain and is due to the requirement for the insurer to hold day 1 capital reserves that are higher than the initial premium payments from customers. Zillmerisation is one method of adjusting a net premium valuation to ease this initial strain.
History.
This method was developed by August Zillmer in Germany in the late 1800s, and described in an 1863 paper entitled "Contributions to the Theory of Life Insurance Reserves".
Calculation.
The process of 'Zillmerisation', or 'applying a Zillmer adjustment' involves increasing the amount of future net premiums allowed for in the valuation. The amount of the increase is notionally applied to recoup the initial acquisition and administrative costs. Over time, the Zillmer asset is amortised as the initial expenses are effectively recouped.
More specifically when doing a net premium valuation, for an n-year policy taken at age "x", "t" years into the policy, the reserve is formula_1 which equals 0 at time t=0 (by definition of NP).
Where:
So the reserve is the present value of future benefits less the present value of future notional net premiums.
In applying a Zillmer adjustment, the net premium ("NP") is increased by an amount formula_2. This sets the reserve at time t=0 to -E, and over the expected lifetime of the policy the Zillmer reserve smoothly drops to zero. This in effect spreads the valuation impact of the initial expenses over the policy's lifetime instead of suffering the day 1 new business strain.
Sprague adjustment.
A variation on the Zillmer adjustment is the Sprague adjustment. If we assume the first year of premium is entirely used up in meeting the initial costs, we can write the reserve as formula_3 (i.e. the present value of future benefits less the present value of a "different" notional net premium).
Since the adjusted net premium is larger, you are in effect subtracting a larger amount, producing a smaller reserve - and thus reducing the new business strain.

</doc>
<doc id="2897971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897971" title="Acacia hemiteles">
Acacia hemiteles

Acacia hemiteles, commonly known as tan wattle, is a shrub in the family Fabaceae. It is widely distributed throughout south central Western Australia. It was formerly thought to be endemic to Western Australia, but has recently been collected near Maralinga in South Australia. Tan wattle is a good coloniser of disturbed or burnt ground, and is therefore often seen in mining areas.
Tan wattle grows to a height of about three metres. It is bushy, and is often broader than it is high. Like most "Acacia" species, it has phyllodes rather than true leaves. These are a grey-green colour, around seven centimetres long and 4 millimetres wide. The flowers are yellow, and held in small spherical clusters that arise in the leaf axils. The pods are brown, about ten centimetres long and one centimetre wide.

</doc>
<doc id="2897975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897975" title="Lexigraf">
Lexigraf

Lexigraf is a multilingual lexicographical project developed at the Aristotle University Thessaloniki Greece between 1997 and 2004.
Current lexicographical projects require sophisticated IT infrastructure to be completed - both in hardware capacity and software. Lexicography software needs to function as a compound desktop publishing engine, a terminology database management system and an electronic dictionary generation engine.
Following these guidelines, Lexigraf was developed at the Aristotle University in Thessaloniki, Greece, supporting a multilingual science lexicography project and several branch ones. Terminology databases formed, were also used in e-publishing efforts. Branch projects included bilingual dictionaries and machine translation memory databases.

</doc>
<doc id="2897977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897977" title="Mohamed Kallon">
Mohamed Kallon

Mohamed Kallon (born 6 October 1979) is a Sierra Leonean international footballer and considered the most famous footballer from Sierra Leone. He is currently playing for Sierra Leone club Kallon F.C.. He is the younger brother of former Sierra Leonean international footballers Kemokai Kallon and Musa Kallon.
Biography.
Personal life.
Kallon was born on 6 October 1979 in Kenema, Sierra Leone to Mende parents. Kallon is the younger brother to former Sierra Leone international footballers Kemokai Kallon and Musa Kallon. Mohamed Kallon attended primary school in Kenema and completed his secondary education at St. Edwards Secondary School in Freetown.
During his early international career for Sierra Leone, Kallon was given the nickname Small Kallon by Sierra Leonean football fans because he was the youngest of the three Kallon brothers in the Sierra Leone national team.
Early career.
After he completed his form three level of education (grade 9 in the U.S) from St. Edwards Secondary School in Freetown in 1994, Kallon signed with local club, Old Edwardians of the Sierra Leone National Premier League at the age of 15. During the 1994-1995 season, he struck fifteen goals in 24 league games for Old Edwardians and became the youngest player to ever play and score in Sierra Leone National Premier League.
After the 1994-1995 season, Kallon left Old Edwardians and signed for Lebanese club Tadamon Sour. He spent one season with Spånga IS in Stockholm, Sweden. He was then signed by Internazionale. He then loaned to Swiss club AC Lugano, Serie A club Bologna F.C. 1909, and Serie B clubs Genoa and Cagliari. He also farmed to Reggina and Vicenza in a co-ownership deal for undisclosed fee and 9,000 million lire respectively (€4,648,112). He played with Cristiano Zanetti at Cagliari, who he later worked with again at Internazionale.
Internazionale.
After the abolition of the non-EU quota for each team in the mid of 2000-01 season, Kallon returned to Italian giants Internazionale before the start of the 2001-2002 season., for a reported 8,500 million lire transfer fee (€4,389,884). With Christian Vieri, Ronaldo, Álvaro Recoba, Adriano, Hakan Şükür and Nicola Ventola also in the side, Kallon was originally a 3rd or 4th choice striker. But injuries to Ronaldo and Recoba meant that Kallon played 29 Serie A matches, scoring 9 goals and becoming the team's 2nd highest scorer of the 2001-02 Serie A season, behind Vieri.
He only played 9 times (scoring 5 goals) in Serie A in 2002-03 season due to injuries in August and February. Kallon returned to the side in May after Gabriel Batistuta was injured in April. He also played both legs of the 2002–03 UEFA Champions League semi-final against A.C. Milan as Batistuta was unable to register. He played in both games as a second half substitute, for Álvaro Recoba and Hernán Crespo respectively.
Kallon tested positive for the banned substance nandrolone after the Serie A match against Udinese Calcio on 27 September 2003 and was banned from football for eight months. Kallon then struggled to get into the starting eleven during the 2003-2004 season, primarily due to the rise of young Nigerian striker Obafemi Martins and the return of Brazilian ace Adriano.
AS Monaco.
He signed a 4-year contract with Monégasque club AS Monaco before the start of the 2004-2005 season, as the UEFA Champions League runner-up had lost Dado Pršo and Fernando Morientes. He was impressive during his first season at Monaco, but quickly fell out with French manager Didier Deschamps, and was relegated to the bench in March 2005.
He went on loan to Saudi club Al-Ittihad during the start of the 2005-2006 season, and helped the team win the AFC Champions League 2005 where he was top scorer in the competition before returning to AS Monaco. He also played at the 2005 FIFA Club World Championship with Al-Ittihad.
He played 14 Ligue 1 games in his last season for Monaco. He played his last match in Ligue 1 on 11 August 2007 against FC Lorient, the 2nd match of the season, before he was released by Monaco. He underwent a trial with Birmingham in September 2007, after previously being linked with Derby County in July. However, Kallon failed to qualify for a work permit in England, as Sierra Leone ranked 79th in the FIFA World Rankings in September 1997, but the requirement was above 70th for non-EU internationals. In November 2007, he signed a pre-contract with Al-Hilal, but this later collapsed.
AEK FC.
Kallon signed a 6-month contract with Greek giants AEK F.C. on 29 January 2008. He played for the capital club in the UEFA Cup 2007–08 round of 32 against Getafe CF, but AEK lost 1-4 on aggregate, with no goals from Kallon. He also played in the Super League Greece playoffs to determine qualification to European competition. He scored once in his 3 appearances, and AEK finished second to qualify for the following year's UEFA Cup.
Al-Shabab.
He moved to Al-Shabab of the United Arab Emirates in 2008. He was released after picking up a serious injury in an international match.
Kallon FC.
In October 2009, he signed for his own club Kallon FC.
Shaanxi Zhongjian Chanba.
On 1 March 2010, he joined the Chinese championship, signing a one-year deal with Shaanxi Zhongjian Chanba. Kallon made his CSL debut against Dalian Shide on 28 March and scored a penalty kick in 50th minute.
He decided to leave after his contract was finished in December to be closer to his family.
He returned to Kallon F.C. ahead of the 2012 CAF Confederation Cup, and scored the winning goal that got them to the second round.
On 26 June 2014, was named the head coach of Sierra Leone u-17 side, he will still play for his side FC Kallon. 
International career.
Kallon became the youngest player to ever play for the Leone Stars when he made his senior international debut for Sierra Leone at the age of fifteen in April 1995 against Congo in the 1996 African Cup of Nations qualifier in Freetown, in which he scored the winner. At the age of 16, Kallon was the youngest player at the 1996 African Nations cup in South Africa. He scored one of his country's two goals as Sierra Leone defeated Burkina Faso 2 - 1 in their opening group match at the 1996 African Nations Cup, played at the Free State Stadium in Bloemfontein, South Africa.
Since then, he is the key member of "Leone Stars" and active at 1998, 2002, 2006 and 2010 World Cup qualification. His most recent cap is on 9 February 2011 against Nigeria in a friendly. Kallon was the captain of the Sierra Leone national team but quit his captaincy after the team failed to qualify for the 2010 FIFA World Cup and the 2010 African Cup of Nations.
Club owner.
Kallon is the founder and owner of the Sierra Leonean football club Kallon F.C., currently playing in the Sierra Leone National Premier League. Kallon is one of the top clubs in the Sierra Leone National Premier League and play their home games at the National Stadium in Freetown. Previously known as Sierra Fisheries, Kallon acquired the club in 2002 for $30,000.
Kallon FC won the Sierra Leonean FA Cup, and the Sierra Leone League title in 2006, and qualifying for the African Champions League.
Personal life.
Mohamed Kallon is a devout Muslim and a member of the Mende ethnic group. Kallon is married to his childhood girlfriend M'mah Mansaray. The couple celebrated their wedding at the Freetown Central Mosque in Freetown on 15 June 2002. Kallon is the younger brother of former Sierra Leonean international footballers Kemokai Kallon and Musa Kallon[http://www.sierraexpressmedia.com/archives/43652].
Mohamed Kallon Children's Foundation.
Apart from the Kalleone Group of Company, comprising a musical recording studio, radio station, newspaper, sportshops, old Skool night club, pharmacy and FC Kallon, Mohamed Kallon is also about to launch his charity foundation, the MKCF, Mohamed Kallon Children's Foundation, which will cater for the needs of hundreds of Sierra Leone's street children. Recently Mohamed Kallon told SierraEye Magazine that as a boy himself who grew up in the streets of Freetown he is moved by the state of Sierra Leone Street Children and want to do all he can to help them. The foundation has made headways recently meeting with the president and working together with the United Nations and other NGOs to provide help for several Sierra Leonean children and also aiding the HIV/AIDS sensitisation programme in Sierra Leone. x The setting up of MKCF by Kallon gained massive media coverage and even the BBC reported on it.

</doc>
<doc id="2897981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897981" title="New business strain">
New business strain

For a life insurer, even if profitable business is written, the value of the company may appear to worsen (when viewed from a regulatory basis, for example) because of new business strain. This is a concept dealt with regularly by actuaries.
New business strain occurs because the initial outgoings (such as commission, expenses, reserves, etc.) will take place when the policy is written, and thus have an immediate negative impact on the company's financial position. Over the life of the contract, future income (premiums, investment income, etc.) is expected to repay this initial outlay. However under some accounting regimes, the insurer may not take credit for such future surpluses.
The impact is thus an immediate hit to solvency and profitability when a policy is written, followed by surpluses in later years that pay this back.
New Business Strain is artificial in that it is a function of how a regulatory body, for example, might look at a life insurer's financial position. This tends not to be realistic, but instead conservative - because that is the role a regulator plays. Assuming its pricing assumptions are robust, a company's solvency and profitability actually increases when a new policy is written.
Depending on what reporting basis is being used, new business strain can be eased by the use of Zillmerisation or a Deferred acquisition cost asset. As a result, local GAAP accounting and IFRS accounting tends to show much lower levels of new business strain than regulatory accounting.

</doc>
<doc id="2897982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897982" title="John Dalton (musician)">
John Dalton (musician)

John Dalton (born 21 May 1943, Enfield, Middlesex) is a British bass guitar player, best known as a member of The Kinks' from 1969 to 1976, replacing original member Pete Quaife.
Biography.
John Dalton was educated at Cheshunt Secondary Modern School at the same time as Harry Webb (who later found fame as Cliff Richard). Dalton's desire was to be a full time musician, and in 1959 he joined "Danny King and The Bluejacks" as bass guitarist (although he claimed in a 2009 interview that he couldn't play a note when he joined.) He played alongside Norman Mitham who had just left Cliff Richard's first band. 
Although successful locally, The Bluejacks recordings of "Say Mama" and Vince Taylor's rockabilly "Brand New Cadillac" did not feature in the UK Singles Chart, and in 1962 Dalton left to become a founder member of Mark Four along with Mick 'Spud' Thompson (rhythm guitar), Eddie Phillips (lead guitar), Jack Jones (drums) and Kenny Pickett (vocals). Mark Four quickly became one of the most popular live bands in North London and shared billing with other London based groups such as The High Numbers (later to become The Who), Cliff Bennett and the Rebel Rousers, and even sharing a stage with Little Eva.
However, the band's singles failed to make the charts, making it difficult to earn enough money to support a family. In 1966 Dalton left Mark Four to join the building trade. Shortly afterwards, Eddie Phillips and Kenney Pickett founded The Creation, one of the most influential bands of the late 1960s.
In June 1966, Dalton was asked to substitute for The Kinks' bass guitarist, Pete Quaife, who had broken his leg in a car accident. Dalton auditioned as a temporary replacement on 9 June 1966 at Carling Music, Savile Row, London. That same evening he appeared with the band on BBC Television's pop music flagship, "Top of the Pops" (filmed in the BBC Studios, London). His first live appearance with the Kinks was two days later at The Plaza, King's Heath, Birmingham giving him no time for rehearsals. This was quickly followed by a tour to Norway and Spain. The first recording sessions he took part in with the Kinks were on 26 June 1966 at Pye Studios, London for "Little Miss Queen Of Darkness".
Dalton also played bass on "Dead End Street", recorded on 28 October 1966 during an evening session (unusually, without Shel Talmy). By the end of the year Quaife had come back, and Dalton returned to his job as a coalman.
Dalton replaced Quaife again in 1969, this time as the Kinks' permanent bassist. He appeared with the band on 5 April 1969 for a mimed performance on the television program "It's Dee Time". His first recording session in his second tenure with the group was in May 1969 at Pye Studio #2 ("Drivin" and "Mindless Child Of Motherhood"). Dalton spent most of June recording the "Arthur" album. He started his first American tour on 17 October at the Fillmore East, New York City. The tour lasted nine weeks and included such venues as The Whisky A Go Go in Los Angeles and Fillmore West in San Francisco. He continued to play with the Kinks throughout the remainder of 1969 and into the 1970s and appeared playing bass on such notable songs as "Victoria", "Lola", "Apeman", "Celluloid Hereos", and "Supersonic Rocketship".
On 8 November 1976 Dalton finally left the Kinks, after spending most of the summer of 1976 rehearsing and recording "Sleepwalker". His replacement was former Blodwyn Pig bass player Andy Pyle. 
Dalton was still active in the music industry until recently. He was frontman and bass player with The Kast Off Kinks which also featured Mick Avory, (the original Kinks drummer), John Gosling (former Kinks keyboard player), and vocalist/guitarist Dave Clarke (former Tim Rose sidesman). He and Gosling retired from the Kast Off Kinks in 2008, to be replaced by the bassist and keyboard player who replaced them in the Kinks - Jim Rodford and Ian Gibbons. It is rumoured that Dalton might still be persuaded to play with the band when Rodford is unavailable.
From 2003 until May 2008 Dalton also performed with the and roll band '5%Volume'; alongside Kevin Leak (ex Seminar), Wol Webster (ex Blues Brothers, Eddie Floyd, Jess Conrad) and Tony 'Bones' Pallett (son of Joe Pallett the original Danny King).

</doc>
<doc id="2897983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897983" title="Landing Creek">
Landing Creek

Landing Creek is an tributary of the Mullica River in southern New Jersey in the United States. The creek originates near Egg Harbor City and joins the Mullica River just below Lower Bank near Hog Islands. It is joined along its route by Union Creek, Indian Cabin Creek, Elliot's Creek, and Rubin's Run, respectively.
For much of its length, Landing Creek has a typical Pine Barrens character to it as it runs through upland forests of Oak and Pitch Pine with periodic passes through cedar and maple swamps. Downstream from Clark's Landing Road, the stream becomes tidal and infiltrated by brackish water. For these last few miles of its stretch, Landing Creek widens and passes through an extensive marshland which is characteristic of the Mullica River estuary. As late as 1921, Gloucester Lake was located at the mouth of Landing Creek.

</doc>
<doc id="2897986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897986" title="Dorian Baxter">
Dorian Baxter

Dorian Baxter (born 3 April 1950 in Mombasa Island, Kenya) is an Anglican minister in Newmarket, Ontario, Canada who uses the music of Elvis Presley in his services, using the name The Reverend Elvis Priestly.
Background.
Baxter was baptized and confirmed by the first Black Bishop of Mombasa in Mombasa Cathedral. His father Arthur Baxter was a Major in the British Army and his mother Ena Baxter was a Corporal. From 1962-1967, he competed in the Amateur Boxer in Kenya National Championships, but failed to medal. In 1966, he became the Kenya National Backstroke Champion. Baxter came to Canada, landing on 28 March 1968, moving to Toronto.
Education and ministry.
He obtained his B.A. from York University in Humanities and his Master's Degree in Divinity from the University of Toronto. He has been an educator for 33 years commencing his career as a classroom teacher with the York County Board of Education in 1970. In 1972, he was invited by the Headmaster of St. George's College, Jack Wright, to join the staff. Baxter taught grades 4 through to 10, coached the school swim teams, and ran the Independent Schools Athletic Association (Swimming) in Ontario.
In 1980 Baxter resigned after a quarrel with the headmaster, a Mr. Allen. Allen attempted to fire Baxter before the end of the school year. Over 400 parents protested and Baxter was immediately reinstated and an apology letter was written to him by Allen.
At the end of the school year, he resigned and entered Wycliffe College of the Toronto School of Theology at the University of Toronto. He was ordained in St. James Cathedral on 15 May 1983 after serving as Head of Divinity, elected by the student body at the College. He served as a priest with the Anglican Church of Canada at St. Paul's Anglican Church in Thunder Bay, Ontario and as Priest-in-charge of the Anglican Church of the Holy Spirit in Manitouwadge, Ontario. He then was an associate professor at Drake University in Des Moines, Iowa.
In 1996 Baxter began incorporating the music and look of Elvis Presley into his services. That year, he won the Canadian Showstopper at the Collingwood Elvis Festival. In 1997 he won the Grand Champion of Showstoppers at that same festival. After that year, festival founder Billy Cann was ousted and control given to the town's business groups, a decision which Baxter objected to before Collingwood Town Council. Baxter joined Cann to establish a competing Elvis festival in Orillia and has since refused to return to the Collingwood festival.
In 1998, Bishop Ronald Ferris of the Diocese of Algoma removed Baxter from his parish and revoked his license to perform Anglican weddings because of his use of Elvis in Anglican services, saying it was "in poor taste." In 2002, the church revoked his invitation to be the keynote preacher at the Masonic divine service in a Toronto Anglican church. Baxter has said he found this particularly difficult, as he has been a Freemason for more than 25 years and was Worshipful Master of his lodge in 1980. Baxter attended the service anyway. 
Baxter says that the controversy re: Collingwood originated when the media reported that Yvonne Prince had falsely told reporters he performed weddings and funerals dressed as Elvis, which he denies doing. Instead, he says, he performs the services in traditional clerical garb and changes into the Elvis clothes for the reception. He is now fully recognized federally and provincially as the Archbishop of the Federation of Independent Anglican Churches of North America. As the governing authority of this Federation, Archbishop Baxter legally performs weddings himself and licenses his own priests and bishops to perform such weddings.
In 2003, he set up an independent church, Christ the King Graceland Independent Anglican Church of Canada in Newmarket, Ontario, where he continues to conduct services using Elvis' music, with his signature Elvis pompadour and sideburns. Baxter was consecrated on 9 March 2003 in Newmarket by the Rt. Rev'd Christopher Andrew Jukes of Calgary, Alberta, who at that time was a bishop in the "Communion of Evangelical Episcopal Churches" using the traditional ordinal of the Book of Common Prayer (1962 Canada). He also established the Federation of Independent Anglican Churches of North America with himself as Archbishop; this organisation was incorporated by Federal Canadian Letters Patent on 1 October 2003.
Political Life.
Baxter has run for federal Parliament four times in the riding of Newmarket-Aurora, under the Progressive Canadian Party banner. In the 2004 federal election, he received 1,079 votes, placing last out of five candidates. In the 2006 election he received 729 votes, and in the 2008 election he received 1,004 votes. He placed fifth out of six candidates in both 2006 and 2008. In the 2011 election, he received 1,001 votes, placing fifth out of six candidates, surpassing only Yvonne Mackie of the Animal Alliance Environment party. Baxter also ran in the 2010 byelection in the riding of Vaughan, finishing seventh of out eight candidates with 110 votes.
He founded NAPPA (The National Association for Public and Private Accountability)
Baxter serves as official Padre to the Royal Canadian Legion Branch 426 and well as official chaplain to the Newmarket Veterans' Association.

</doc>
<doc id="2897988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897988" title="Musō Gonnosuke">
Musō Gonnosuke

Musō Gonnosuke Katsuyoshi (夢想權之助勝吉) was a samurai of the early 17th century and the traditional founder of the Koryu school of jojutsu known as Shintō Musō-ryū (神道夢想流/神道無想流). He is perhaps most famous for his duels with the legendary swordsman Miyamoto Musashi.
Traditional origin.
Musō Gonnosuke Katsuyoshi was born into a samurai family, and like many other famous samurai and martial art founders, claimed to trace their lineage to a family of the classical period of samurai. His family is supposedly descendant from "Kiso Kanja No Taiyu Kakumei ", a retainer of the famous samurai general Minamoto Yoshinaka. Gonnosukes original family name is said to have been Hirano and that he used his given name of Gonbei in his early days. Unlike his future counterpart, Miyamoto Musashi, Gonnosuke was not a ronin (masterless samurai) through a defeat in battle such as is claimed with Musashi in the battle of Sekigahara, but had gone out on the road on a warrior pilgrimage to improve his skills in duels and by learning from different martial arts schools on the road. This was a common tradition called "musha shugyō" and many samurai wishing to develop their martial abilities undertook such travels frequently. Musashi had probably been a part of the losing side in the Battle of Sekigahara in 1600 and had since been a ronin and undertaking his own "musha shugyō".
Early life on the road.
The Shinto Musō-ryū "densho" 伝書, (which is essentially a written heritage of a martial arts school, or "Ryu", which also includes a list of the former headmasters, including the founder, and a list of techniques unique to the ryu), lists several of Musō Gonnosuke's teachers in martial arts; one of whom, according to the Makabei family records, was Sakurai Osumi-no-Kami, a lieutenant of Makabei Hisamoto (nicknamed Oni Doumu), who in turn was a student of the founder of Kasumi Shintō-ryū Kenjutsu. Gonnosuke also received other training from the Tenshin Shōden Katori Shintō-ryū-school, founded by Iizasa Choisai Ienao, and also that he received training in either Kashima Shintō-ryū or Kashima Shinden Jikishinkage-ryū depending on sources. In addition to learning the ken (sword), he learned to use the bo (long staff), naginata (pole weapon), yari (spear) and various other weapons. Gonnosuke would eventually receive the rank of "menkyo", a complete license with the authority to train and develop the art, from Katori Shintō-ryū.
Sometime after he finished his training in Katori Shintō-ryū, Gonnosuke went out on the road, traveling through Japan with a few followers as a wandering swordsman, always looking for an opponent to fight duels with and at the same time teaching swordsmanship to a selected few. It is claimed that he never lost a duel, defeating Japan's finest warriors and remained undefeated until he encountered the ronin Miyamoto Musashi.
His first duel with Miyamoto Musashi.
The first of the two legendary duels between Musashi and Gonnosuke was supposed to have taken place between 1596-1614. Scholars argue as to when and where the actual duel took place, and indeed some question whether it even took place at all. The essence of the story, however, tells of how Gonnosuke, by now a very famous swordsman and arrogant in his (considerable) martial abilities, had one day encountered Musashi and had unceremoniously challenged him to a duel. Musashi accepted and Gonnosuke, brandishing his sword, immediately threw himself at Musashi who with ease avoided Gonnosuke's strike and proceeded to lock Gonnosuke's sword, using both his long and short sword, in an X-shaped block ("jujidome"). 
The "Annals of the Niten" ("Niten ki"), the traditional source of information for Miyamoto Musashi, tells this version of the first duel. 
Again, the details of exactly what happened in the duel are debated and still unclear. In the version found in the "Kaijo monogatari", Gonnosuke and Musashi meets in Akashi instead of Edo, and the former is also brandishing a long four "shaku" staff instead of a wooden sword. It states that Gonnosuke had previously encountered Musashi's father, Shinmen Munisai, who was an expert of the jitte and had defeated him. Gonnosuke, in a condescending tone of voice, asked Musashi if he was as skilled as his father and if he used similar techniques. Musashi supposedly said: "If you have seen my father's technique you have seen mine", after which Gonnosuke attacked Musashi and was defeated.
The weapons used are also in debate. As mentioned above, some claim Gonnosuke was using a long staff ("bo") reinforced with metal rings. Other versions claim he used an exceptionally long wooden sword which was above the average length of a Japanese sword over four "shaku 1" long, (roughly 121cm or 48 inches), instead of the normal length "bokuto" of around 2.45 "Shaku" (roughly 74 cm or 29 inches). Musashi's weapon of choice is also debated. One version say he was armed with only a half-finished bokuto, which Musashi was actually still carving as the duel began, and used it to overwhelm Gonnosuke without ever using the X-shaped block, instead hitting him lightly on the forehead as to demonstrate his superior stance in battle and emphasizing proper distance to an opponent, or "Maai". 
In any case, the essential part of the story is that Gonnosuke was defeated with relative ease. Gonnosuke became disillusioned at this sudden defeat together with the fact that Musashi had let him live even though he had been at his mercy. He would withdraw to a Shinto monastery to contemplate his defeat.
Seclusion, Jojutsu and the second duel.
Gonnosuke withdrew to a Shinto shrine at Mount Homan in Chikuzen province, (modern-day, Fukuoka Prefecture), where he would practice daily in perfecting his swordsmanship, praying and performing shinto purifying rituals for 37 days. It is also said, however, that he spent several years on the road studying other martial arts in various dojos until he ended up in the Shinto-shrine. After one of his regular (exhausting) training sessions he collapsed from fatigue and reputedly had a vision of a divine being in the form of a child, saying to Gonnosuke: "know the solar plexus your opponent with a round stick". In another version he had the vision in a dream late at night. He took it upon himself to create the jo deliberately longer than the average katana of the day, 128 cm as opposed to the sword's total length of approx. 100 cm, and use that length to his advantage in a fight. Gonnosuke, drawing on his own considerable experience with the spear, longstaff, naginata and sword, devised a series of jo-techniques for use to counter and defeat a swordsman. Arguably he also developed techniques to specifically hinder Musashi's trade-mark x-block.
As the tradition goes, Gonnosuke, now armed with the jo, would again face Musashi in a duel and defeat him through the use of the superior length of the jo to keep Musashi's swords out of range of Gonnosuke and thus hinder him from using the X-shaped technique effectively. Gonnosuke had Musashi at his mercy but let him live as a way of returning the favour granted in the first duel. 
The claim that Musashi was ever defeated by Gonnosuke is still a matter for debate and is generally treated very skeptically.
Another version of the story says that Musashi and Gonnosuke went in a deadlock, and the match ended in a draw, as no one could move without making an opening.
Later life and legacy.
The story continues right after the second duel. Gonnosuke, spending several more years on the road, part of the time with his new friend Musashi as his second, eventually took up residence in Fukuoka after being asked by the Kuroda clan to teach his jo-techniques to a selected few of their warriors. As the years progressed the original set of jo-techniques, by now expanded with new techniques since the days of Gonnosuke's duel with Musashi, became known as Shintō Musō-ryū (sometimes transliterated as Shindō Musō-ryū).
The modern day Shintō Musō-ryū survived both the ending of active fighting in Japan under the Tokugawa shogunate and the American-imposed post-World War II ban on martial arts; it is now an international martial art.
The memory of Musō Gonnosuke is honored at a Shinto shrine raised by Shimizu Takaji, one of the most prominent Shintō Musō-ryū "jōdōka" until his death in 1978.
Sources for Musō Gonnosuke.
The true origin of Gonnosuke is unknown; his traits and various exploits have, as with many martial artists and other famous samurai of the time, been exaggerated and/or constructed by later historians. A number of traditional founders of "ryu", martial art school, have been credited with having divine inspirations or visions, or in some cases even being taught by mythical creatures. One example is the famous samurai Minamoto no Yoshitsune who was supposedly taught by a Tengu - magical creatures of Japanese mythology, some possessing vast knowledge of weapons and martial arts.
The earliest known source of the first duel is the "Kaijo Monogatari". The entry in the "Kaijo Monogatari" was written in the 17th century but the exact year is debated. Author Kenji Tokitsu dates the "Kaijo" to 1666, but author Wayne Muromoto give the date of 1629. Another source is the "Honcho Bugei Shoden" (or "Honcho Bugei Koden") written in about 1716. The sources agree on the core of the story however; that Gonnosuke faced Musashi and was defeated, after which he retreated and formed his jo-techniques. The notion that Musashi was defeated in a rematch can be argued to have been a later construct by later pro-Gonnosuke historians, as there is no mentioning of a defeat in the sources regarding Musashi. The same could be said, however, for Musashi's followers who might have removed all mentioning of Musashi's defeat as a way to preserve his reputation. Another mentioning of the first duel is found in the "Niten-Ki" which was compiled by Musashi's followers years after his death. There is only one known source mentioning the rematch. It is a scroll now preserved in Tsukuba Shrine in Ibaraki prefecture, although doubts of its contents has been raised, partially because there are no other known corroborating sources to confirm it.
Musō Gonnosuke in popular culture.
A fictional version of Musō Gonnosuke and his duels with Musashi are featured in the Eiji Yoshikawa's novel Musashi (novel).
In the video game " Mortal Kombat: Deadly Alliance", it is stated that Master Bo' Rai Cho helped Gonnosuke develop the Jojutsu style after his loss to Musashi. Bo' Rai Cho had used the Jojutsu style in "Mortal Kombat: Deception", "Mortal Kombat: Armageddon", and " Mortal Kombat: Deadly Alliance". It is also stated that Gonnosuke lost in his first "Mortal Kombat" tournament, and that his soul was consumed by Shang Tsung.
In the Wii video game , Gonnosuke is portrayed as a bandit chief that often uses henchmen to impersonate him in order to stay alive. After defeating him, the player will later encounter Gonnosuke who has become a changed man, and they both decide to work together to defeat Miyamoto Musashi in a duel. Gonnosuke also helps the player defeat a group of pirates invading a small town and the player must also beat Gonnosuke as part of the first trial of the Bamboo Trial.
Musō Gonnosuke is also featured within the manga series known as Vagabond, at which he declares himself to be the "Number One Martial Artist under Heaven" by means of the kanji written on his back (possibly punning his surname, as the kanji used are "Tenka Musō"). Gonnosuke later joins both Ino Tadaaki and Sasaki Kojiro in their journey of swordsmanship, vowing to become a master of the sword in accordance to the skill of his two pupils. In appearance, he wears face paint beneath his eyes and respectively wields a spear.
Footnotes.
2. * This X-shaped block is called "jūmonji" (lit. cross) and is a fundamental technique of Musashi's Niten Ichi-ryū. When applying "jūmonji", it is important to consider which of the two swords is atop the other. This will greatly influence what manner of countermove is appropriate.

</doc>
<doc id="2897990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2897990" title="Fort St. David">
Fort St. David

Fort St. David was a British fort near the town of Cuddalore, a hundred miles south of Madras on the Coromandel Coast of India.
History.
It was bought from the Marathas by the British East India Company in 1690. Robert Clive served as the governor of Fort St David in 1756.
The ruins of Fort St David situated on the River Gadilam has a memorable history. As a small fort built by a Hindu merchant it fell into the hands of the Marathas after the capture of Gingee Fort by Shivaji in 1677. From them it was purchased by the English in 1690: with the English renaming it as Fort St David after the patron Saint of Wales, since the then Governor of Madras, Elihu Yale, was Welsh. The purchase included not only the fort but the adjacent towns and villages within the random shot of a piece of ordnance. A great gun was fired to different points of the compass and all the country within its range, including the town of Cuddalore, passed into the possession of the English. The villages thus obtained are still spoken of as cannonball villages.
James Macrae had been governor of the fort and in 1725 he became the Governor of the Madras Presidency. From 1725 onwards the fortifications were greatly strengthened. In 1746 Fort St David became the British headquarters for the southern India, and attacks by French forces under Dupleix were successfully repulsed. Robert Clive was appointed its governor in 1756; in 1758 the French captured it, but abandoned it two years later to Sir Eyre Coote, KB. In 1782 they again took it and restored it sufficiently to withstand a British attack in 1783. In 1785 it finally passed into British possession.

</doc>
<doc id="2898012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898012" title="Austin Stack Park">
Austin Stack Park

Austin Stack Park is a GAA stadium in Tralee, County Kerry, Ireland. It is one of the stadiums of Kerry GAA's Gaelic football and the stadium of the hurling team.
The ground was named after Austin Stack, an Irish revolutionary and captain of the All-Ireland winning Kerry Gaelic football team of 1904. It is located in the centre of Tralee. It hosts many Kerry GAA home games, mostly football league games and both league and championship hurling. The County Championship football and hurling finals are normally held here. 
History.
Austin Stack Park has been used for the playing of games since well into the 19th century. Generally known as "The Sportsfield" it was owned by the County Kerry Athletic and Cricket Club. At that time the pitch was oval shaped and surrounded by a 440 yard sloping cinder track considered to be the finest in Ireland.
In 1903 the trustees rented "The Sportsfield" to a committee consisting of all GAA members. The Kerry County Board then purchased the grounds in 1929.
In 1934 "The Sportsfield" was converted into a rectangular pitch to host the 1934 All Ireland Semi Final which led to the demise of the famous cider track. In 1944 the County Board renamed the grounds in honour of Austin Stack.
The Kerry County Board have had their offices in the ground since 1985 located in the pavilion which first opened back in 1967. In 1994 a new development was completed including a new stand, terracing and redeveloped County Board offices.
The Park hosted the All-Ireland Senior B Hurling Championship final in 1983 when Kerry took the title beating London in the final. It has also hosted the 1997-98 Sigerson Cup final witch was won by Tralee IT, while the first game in Kerry GAA played under floodlights took place here in November 2001. 
Recent Times.
In 2007 plans were approved for its relocation to a site outside the town currently occupied by Ballybeggan Racecourse. In December 2009 it was announced that plans for the new stadium and development had been put on hold indefinitely due to the collapse of the Irish economy and ongoing financial crisis. By 2012 The Kerryman newspaper reported that the plans had in effect been abandoned.
In 2014 a committee was put in place by the County Board to look into the gradual refurbishment of the grounds. Some of their goals include the upgrading of the pitch, a new score board, upgrading of the lighting system and terracing of the western side of the grounds.

</doc>
<doc id="2898015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898015" title="List of the largest software companies">
List of the largest software companies

Several lists exist that provide an overview of large software companies, often called independent software vendors ("ISVs"), in the world. The lists differ by methodology of composition and consequently show substantial differences in both listed companies and ranking of those companies.
Forbes Global 2000.
The Forbes Global 2000 is an annual ranking of the top 2000 public companies in the world by "Forbes" magazine, based on a mix of four metrics: sales, profit, assets and market value. The Forbes list for software companies excludes manufacturers, consumer electronics companies, conglomerates, IT consultancy, and computer services. The top 10 companies in the 2013 list for the "Software & Programming" industry are:

</doc>
<doc id="2898017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898017" title="Vasantdada Patil">
Vasantdada Patil

Vasantdada Patil (November 13, 1917 – March 1, 1989) was an Indian politician from Sangli, Maharashtra. He was known as the first modern Maratha strongman and first mass leader in Maharashtra's politics.
He was the Chief Minister of Maharashtra from May 17, 1977 to July 18, 1978 and again from February 2, 1983 to June 1, 1985. He also served as Governor of Rajasthan from 1985 to 1987.
Early career.
Born on 13 Nov 1917 at 'Padmale' from Sangli, his native village. He studied up to the vernacular final. Then he took interest in his farm.
Freedom fighter.
He was one of the young campaigner of Dhulappa Bhaurao Navale's election of local board in 1937 who was congress candidate. In 1940 Dhulappa Navale suggested Vasantdada's name for Tasgaon Taluka Congress secretory to Adv. Kutte & to R.P.Patil. 
Vasantdada took part in freedom struggle. In 1942, Mahatma Gandhi started the "Satyagraha" movement. Vinoba Bhave was the first "satyagrahi" & from Tasgaon Dhulappa Navale was first then was Vasantdada & V.S.Paage. For this he was jailed by the British government. In jail, he came under the influence of people like Babasaheb Kher, Sardar Patel and others.
He was also influenced by Netaji Subhashchandra Bose, and believed that satyagraha, morchas or people's movements alone would not get freedom. So he looted railways and merchants (this was to compensate for the money they needed to keep the freedom struggle alive), and got guns and revolvers from Goa. Many criminal cases were filed against him. The British government declared a prize of Rs.1000 for him. He tried to escape from the jail but was badly injured. He was then sentenced to imprisonment for 13 years.
Political career.
On 25 April 1946 he was released and was welcomed by Sangli people. After Independence he started working on farmers' problems. He established a Market Committee in 1951, with the main intention of giving proper prices to agriculture products. In 1958, he with his friends Dhulappa Bhaurao Navale,Rambhau Arwade,Abasaheb Shinde,Shankarao Shinde,Abasheb Kulkarni(Khebudkar) started the largest Co-operative Sugar factory on of land. In 1960, he started an Industrial Society on land. ITI were started to give technical training to youth. He made efforts to increase irrigation in Sangli. In 1960 he became the chief promoter of the Groundnut Processors Co-operative Society.
In the field of education he was Chairman of Latthe Education Society. He started Miraj Medical College, Civil hospital, Akashwani (All India Radio station) at Sangli.
While active in politics from 1937, he was first appointed a Minister from 1972 until 1976 under Chief Minister Vasantrao Naik. In 1976 he was dropped from the Maharashtra Cabinet. He was the first minister to oppose the reservations on the basis of the caste system. This was in accordance to the guidelines of Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar. Due to this, he had to face the wrath of the so-called secular Indian National Congress. He was very disappointed, but overcoming his disappointment, he became Chief Minister of Maharashtra three times between 1976 to 1985.
He was also elected as a member of 7th Lok Sabha from Sangli (Lok Sabha constituency) in 1980.
Educational field.
Vasantdada Patil made great contributions to the educational field. Before 1983, there were few engineering and technical colleges in Maharashtra. Hence, most of the students were going to other states, like Karnataka, for studies. So, Vasantdada Patil passed a bill to create private engineering and technical colleges in Maharashtra. Today, because of him, Maharashtra has became centre for engineering and technical education and students all over come here for studies. His step has fostered the industrial growth of Maharashtra which still remains hard to match.
Political and family connections.
In 1985 he was embroiled in a public dispute with a Deputy Commissioner of BMC, G R Khairnar, for having demolished his son's hotel "Step In". Khairnar eventually became a hero for taking on politicians, subsequently with Sharad Pawar. This dispute, meanwhile, led to the ultimate discrediting of the Congress rule in large, and combined with other issues, gave the Shiv Sena-BJP combine an upper hand in the following elections.
His elder son Prakashbapu Vasantdada Patil was MP from Sangli, and now his grandson Pratik Prakashbapu Patil is MP from Sangli and currently holding the charge as the Union Minister of State, Coal.
Vasantadada had a vast friend circle,but few friends very close, among them were Dhulappa Navale,V.S.Page,Charudatta (Charubhai) Shah,Sampatrao Mane & Vittal Patil.
His second wife, Shalinitai Patil, has been an MLA from Koregaon, Satara district. Shalinitai Patil joined the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) in 1999, but was expelled for her opposition to reservation of 27.5% for Other Backward Classes (OBCs) in the central academic institutes such as Indian Institutes of Technology (IIT) and Indian Institutes of Management (IIM). However, she later declared that Marathas were too big a community for any political party to displease, and said "... the economically backward classes across all communities should be given reservation. At least 50 per cent of Maharashtra's population needs quotas.
Vasantdada Patil died on 1 March 1989.
Awards.
Vasantdada Patil received the Padma Bhushan award in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="2898019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898019" title="Gwyneth Jones (soprano)">
Gwyneth Jones (soprano)

Dame Gwyneth Jones (born 7 November 1936) is a Welsh soprano.
Early life and career.
Jones was born in Pontnewynydd, Wales. Before becoming a professional singer, she worked as a secretary at the Pontypool foundry. She studied music at the Royal College of Music, London, the Accademia Musicale Chigiana (Siena) as well as the International Opera Studio (Zürich). After making her professional debut in 1962 as a mezzo-soprano in Gluck's opera "Orfeo ed Euridice", she was engaged by the Zurich Opera House. She discovered that her easy top range could enable her to sing soprano roles and she switched to the soprano repertoire from around 1964, her first major soprano role being Amelia in Verdi's "Un ballo in maschera". 
Dame Gwyneth came to prominence in 1964 when she stood in for Leontyne Price as Leonora in Verdi's "Il trovatore" at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden. Her career then developed rapidly, and she met with success as Aïda, Leonore (in "Fidelio"), Desdemona (in "Otello"), Elisabeth (in "Don Carlos"), Donna Anna (in "Don Giovanni"), Cio-cio-san (in "Madama Butterfly"), Lady Macbeth (in Verdi's "Macbeth"), Santuzza (in "Cavalleria rusticana"), Octavian (in "Der Rosenkavalier"), Médée (in the Italian version) and Tosca. 
From these, she gradually proceeded to heavier roles like Chrysothemis (in "Elektra"), Salome, the Marschallin (in "Der Rosenkavalier"), Eva (in "Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg"), Senta (in "Der fliegende Holländer"), Kundry (in "Parsifal"), both Venus and Elisabeth (in "Tannhäuser"), Helena (in Strauss's "Die ägyptische Helena"), Ariadne (in "Ariadne auf Naxos") and Sieglinde (in "Die Walküre"). She has appeared frequently at almost every major opera house in the world, including the Vienna State Opera, the Zurich Opera, the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, the Bayerische Staatsoper, the San Francisco Opera, the Deutsche Oper Berlin, the Paris Opéra, the Teatro alla Scala, the Los Angeles Opera, the Metropolitan Opera, the Gran Teatre del Liceu, the Grand Théâtre de Genève, the Lyric Opera of Chicago, as well as many prominent opera and music festivals.
She made her debut at Teatro alla Scala as Leonora in "Il Trovatore" on 4 April 1967. She returned to La Scala as the title role of "Salome" in January 1974. On 24 November 1972, she made her debut at the Metropolitan Opera House of New York as Sieglinde in "Die Walküre". Until her latest appearance at the Met on 22 April 1995 (as Kundry in "Parsifal"), she sang 11 parts in 10 operas for 93 times at the Met; the most frequent part was the Marschallin in "Der Rosenkavalier" (20 times). In August 1979 she made her debut at Salzburg Summer Festival as the Marschallin.
Maturity.
Dame Gwyneth's large-scaled, powerful dramatic soprano voice, unusually robust vocal stamina, stage presence and acting abilities were widely admired.
One of her most noted achievements was her interpretation of Brünnhilde in the Bayreuth "Jahrhundertring" ("Centenary Ring") in 1976, celebrating the centenary of both the festival and the first performance of the complete cycle, conducted by Pierre Boulez and staged by Patrice Chéreau. It was recorded and filmed in 1979 and 1980 for both video and audio discs. The recording won a Grammy in 1983.
Her career at Bayreuth Festival is as below:
Later in her career (from 1980 onwards), she undertook the title role of "Elektra" as well as Isolde (in "Tristan und Isolde"), the Dyer's Wife (in "Die Frau ohne Schatten"), Turandot and Minnie (in "La fanciulla del West"). While best known for her work in the Wagner-Strauss-Puccini repertoire, her versatility enabled her to take on other roles, such as Poppea (in "L'incoronazione di Poppea"), Hanna Glawari (in "The Merry Widow") and Norma. Starting from the 1990s, other than the aforementioned parts, she went on to sing Widow Begbick ("Mahagonny"), Ortrud (in "Lohengrin"), the Woman in Arnold Schoenberg's "Erwartung", the Kostelnicka (in "Jenůfa"), the Kabanicha (in "Káťa Kabanová"), the Woman in Poulenc's "La voix humaine", Ruth (in "The Pirates of Penzance"), Gertrud (in "Hänsel und Gretel"), Herodias (in "Salome") and Klytemnästra (in "Elektra"). She appeared as the Dyers Wife in "Die Frau ohne Schatten" at the Cologne Opera in 1980 in a production by Jean Pierre Ponnelle, conducted by John Pritchard, with Walter Berry as the Dyer, Róbert Ilosfalvy as the Emperor, Siv Wennberg as the Empress, and Helga Dernesch as the "Amme".
Dame Gwyneth made roles that exemplify the Wagnerian/heavy dramatic soprano fach, such as Brünnhilde, Isolde, Elektra, the Dyer's Wife and Turandot, part of her core repertoire, and performed them throughout the 1980s and 1990s. She once famously undertook the roles of both Elisabeth and Venus in Götz Friedrich's production of "Tannhäuser" at the Bayreuth Festival in the 1970s, and has also been credited with the rare achievement of having performed all three major female roles in "Elektra" on stage. 
She also performed in concerts and lieder recitals, television and radio broadcasts and participated in several film projects, including the epic television series, "Wagner", in which she played the first Isolde, Malvina Schnorr von Carolsfeld. She has also devised for herself a couple of one-woman music-theatrical shows – "O, Malvina!" and "Die Frau im Schatten" – which are inspired by real historical characters, namely, Malvina Schnorr von Carolsfeld and Pauline de Ahna (wife of Richard Strauss). The soprano part in the Symphony No. 9, titled "Vision of Eternity", of Welsh composer Alun Hoddinott was written for, and premiered by, her.
Later activities.
In 2003 Dame Gwyneth made her debut as director and costume designer in a stage production of "Der fliegende Holländer" in Weimar, Germany. She has also given master-classes for young singers and acted as an adjudicator in international vocal competitions, including the 2009 BBC Cardiff Singer of the World competition. Despite her advancing years and the extraordinary demands of her chosen repertoire, she remains an active performer on the stage, taking on various soprano, mezzo-soprano and even contralto roles with vocal authority and dramatic conviction. In June 2007, she created the role of the Queen of Hearts in the world premiere of Unsuk Chin's new opera, "Alice in Wonderland", at the Bavarian State Opera. In February 2008 she sang the part of Herodias in Stephen Langridge's production of Richard Strauss' "Salome" at Malmö Opera in Sweden. She repeated this role in August 2010, alongside the Salome of Deborah Voigt, in a concert performance at the Verbier Festival in Verbier, Switzerland, and performed the part on stage at the Vienna State Opera in May 2012. Jones also took part in a piece of musical theatre about the women of the Wagner clan and their influences on the Bayreuth Festival entitled "Wagnerin. Ein Haus der Kunstmusik", directed by Sven Holm at the 2012 Munich Opera Festival. In it, she portrayed the part of Cosima Wagner.
Dame Gwyneth makes a guest appearance in "Quartet", a new film by Dustin Hoffman, based on the comedy by Ronald Harwood about several retired opera singers planning to put on a concert to celebrate Verdi's birthday. She takes on the role of Anne Langley, a former operatic rival to Jean Horton, played by Maggie Smith. The film was premiered to largely favourable reviews on September 9 at the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival, and Dame Gwyneth's performance was critically acclaimed. 
She was made Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 1976 and was promoted to Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) in 1986. She is also the recipient of numerous musical/cultural awards and honours from many different countries and organisations, including the Verdienstkreuz 1. Klasse of the Federal Republic of Germany, the Golden Medal of Honour in Vienna, the Austrian Cross of Honour First Class, the Shakespeare Prize and the Puccini Award. 
She is a Kammersängerin at both the Vienna State Opera and the Bavarian State Opera and she has been made a Commandeur de L'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres in France. She has also been conferred honorary doctorates by the University of Wales and the University of Glamorgan. She is currently the President of the Wagner Society of Great Britain.
Recordings.
Complete opera recordings (commercially released):

</doc>
<doc id="2898025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898025" title="Jackie (given name)">
Jackie (given name)

Jackie is a given name for both males and females, originally a pet form of Jack/John or Jacqueline.

</doc>
<doc id="2898028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898028" title="Olivia of Palermo">
Olivia of Palermo

Saint Olivia of Palermo, according to the legend, was the beautiful daughter of a noble Sicilian family. She is supposed to have lived in the 9th century. When she was 13 years old she was kidnapped by Muslims and taken as a slave to Tunis. Impressed by her virtue and beauty her abductors permitted her to live as a hermitess in a cave.
Veneration.
Before 1624 Palermo had four patron saints, one for each of the four major parts of the city. They were Saint Agatha, Saint Christina, Saint Nympha, and Saint Olivia. 
Saint Olivia is the patron saint of music; her feast day is June 10.
Saint Olivia was 13 when killed.

</doc>
<doc id="2898032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898032" title="Eardisley">
Eardisley

Eardisley is a village and civil parish in Herefordshire about south of the centre of Kington. Eardisley is in the Wye valley in the northwest of the county, close to the border with Wales.
The village is part of the "Black and white village trail", having many timber-framed buildings along its high street. Recent dendrochronology dating work on timbers in these buildings has revealed that some parts date back to the 14th century.
Parish church.
The Church of England parish church of St. Mary Magdalene is a 12th-century building noted for its font, carved in about 1150. It is a Norman work of the Herefordshire School and bears some resemblance to the carvings at Kilpeck in south Herefordshire. It combines intricate Celtic knotwork patterns with dramatic scenes, including the Harrowing of Hell and two knights fighting. It is a grade I listed building. 
The south aisle windows were renewed by the Gothic Revival architect Ewan Christian in 1863.
George Coke, Bishop of Hereford, was buried here.
Amenities.
Eardisley has two public houses, the Tram Inn and The New Strand. 
The New Strand is the headquarters for the North West Herefordshire Pool League which incorporates the Eardisley Summer Pool League and the Portway Winter Pool League.
The New Strand is also headquarters to the Hay and District Darts League & the Weobley and District Darts League.
The parish has a Women's Institute. The village holds the annual Eardisley Flower Show on August Bank Holiday each year.

</doc>
<doc id="2898038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898038" title="Nescochague Creek">
Nescochague Creek

Nescochague Creek (Lenni-Lenape: Edgeachick Branch, Pactockeach Branch) is a tributary of the Mullica River in southern New Jersey in the United States. The creek starts just northwest of Hammonton, arcs along the southern boundary of Wharton State Forest, and joins the Mullica River just above County Route 542.
The upper creek is named Albertson Brook, assuming the name Nescochague Creek after the confluence with Great Swamp Brook.

</doc>
<doc id="2898046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898046" title="Athletic Grounds">
Athletic Grounds

The Athletic Grounds () is a Gaelic Athletic Association stadium in Armagh, Northern Ireland. It is the county ground and administrative headquarters of Armagh GAA and is used for both Gaelic football and hurling. 
Uses.
The stadium is the county ground of Armagh GAA, i.e. the primary stadium in the county, and as such is used for higher profile games such as county finals and inter-county matches in the national leagues and Ulster and All-Ireland Championships. 
Features.
The ground has a capacity of 16,500, with one covered stand seating 5,682, one covered terranced stand, uncovered terracing at both ends of the grounds, floodlighting, changing rooms, administration facilities, a treatment suite, media room, referee's area, and access for disabled spectators.
History.
The grounds were purchased for the GAA for £1,000 by public subscription in 1936, when an area of land next to the Armagh-Keady railway line came on the market. The land had already been in use for sports for some years, and was informally known as "the Gaelic Field". However the term "Athletic Grounds" was in use from at least 1935 when the field hosted a sporting and cultural Feis featuring a football challenge match between Armagh and Dublin selections. 
While remaining in trust for the County Board and serving as the county ground, the stadium was principally used for many years by Pearse Óg GAA Club in Armagh, which then had no ground of its own. In 1982 the ground was closed for a refurbishment costing £150,000. It was reopened in the GAA's centenary year, 1984, with a challenge match between the Armagh and Dublin county teams. The complex included a new Armagh GAA administrative headquarters (the Ceannáras), a handball alley and an extended and re-seeded playing area. The cost of refurbishing and maintaining the grounds proved unsustainable for the local club, resulting in the venue being handed back to the County Board and, in 2002, in its being closed again. Apart from a brief reopening in 2008 the Athletic Grounds remained out of use until the most recent redevelopment was completed in 2011.
Redevelopment.
In 2002, plans were announced by the GAA's Ulster Council to redevelop a number of stadiums, with the Athletic Grounds to receive £8 million to increase its capacity from 5,500 to 25,000. These plans were not, however, fully realised. 
Instead, the reconstruction of the Athletic Grounds was taken forward in four phases by a development group that had been established by Armagh County Board in 1997, with funding garnered from a number of sources and eventually totalling £3.5 million. This included over £2m of National Lottery assistance, over £1m from GAA Ulster Council and Central Council, donations of £1,000 per year from each Armagh GAA club, and other grants from Armagh City and District Council. 
By 2011 the redevelopment had been completed. The stadium was officially reopened on 5 February 2011 for an Allianz Football League match, which as in the 1984 reopening was between Armagh and Dublin.
Despite the success of fundraising efforts, the overall cost of the four phases, at £4.6m, left Armagh County Board with a deficit of more than £1m. It is seeking to clear the debt through a supporters' network, "My Armagh", by such means as seat sponsorship. In December 2010 it was announced that naming rights for the stadium would be sold to raise additional funds for the refurbishment project, and the rights eventually went to the Morgan Group, sponsor of Armagh GAA county teams since 1997. The stadium was known from May 2011 as the Morgan Athletic Grounds ("Páirc Lúthchleasaíochta Uí Mhuiregáin"), but reverted to the original name following the withdrawal of Morgan sponsorship, announced in November 2012.
Transport.
The stadium (part of which stands on the site of Irish Street Halt on the old Armagh-Keady railway line) is only accessible by road since the railway line through Armagh closed in 1957. It is close to the main Armagh to Monaghan road.

</doc>
<doc id="2898063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898063" title="6over4">
6over4

6over4 is an IPv6 transition mechanism meant to transmit IPv6 packets between dual-stack nodes on top of a multicast-enabled IPv4 network. IPv4 is used as a virtual data link layer ("virtual Ethernet") on which IPv6 can be run.
How 6over4 works.
6over4 defines a trivial method for generating a link-local IPv6 address from an IPv4 address, and a mechanism to perform Neighbor Discovery on top of IPv4.
Link-local address generation.
Any host wishing to participate in 6over4 over a given IPv4 network can set up a virtual IPv6 network interface. The link-local address is determined as follows :
For example, host codice_3 would use codice_4 as its link-local IPv6 address (codice_3 is codice_6 in hexadecimal notation). A shortened notation would be codice_7.
Multicast Address Mapping.
To perform ICMPv6 Neighbor Discovery, multicast must be used. Any IPv6 multicast packet gets encapsulated in an IPv4 multicast packet with destination codice_8, where codice_9 and codice_10 are the penultimate and last bytes of the IPv6 multicast address respectively.
Examples.
All-Nodes Multicast (ff02::1) - codice_11
All-Routers Multicast (ff02::2) - codice_12
Solicited Node Multicast for fe80::c000:28e (the link-local address of 192.0.2.142) - codice_13
Neighbor Discovery.
Given a link-local address and a multicast addresses mapping, a host can use ICMPv6 to discover its on-link neighbors and routers, and usually perform stateless autoconfiguration, as it would do on top of, e.g. Ethernet.
Limit of 6over4.
6over4 relies on IPv4 multicast availability which is not very widely supported by IPv4 networking infrastructure. 6over4 is of limited practical use, and is not supported by the most common operating systems.
To connect IPv6 hosts on different physical links, IPv4 multicast routing must be enabled on the routers connecting the links.
ISATAP is a more complex alternative to 6over4 which does not rely on IPv4 multicast.

</doc>
<doc id="2898071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898071" title="John Belchier">
John Belchier

John Belchier (1706 – 6 February 1785) was a British surgeon at Guy's Hospital from 1736 to 1768. He discovered at about the time of his Guy's appointment that the vegetable dye madder stained newly forming bone tissue, opening up the study of the growth and development of the skeleton, which was taken forward by
Henri-Louis Duhamel du Monceau and John Hunter.
Belchier was awarded the Copley Medal by the Royal Society in 1737. He was a founding governor for the Foundling Hospital, a charity created by Royal Charter in 1739, and was a member of the Court of Assistants at the Company of Surgeons from 1751 to 1785.

</doc>
<doc id="2898077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898077" title="Kim Seung-kew">
Kim Seung-kew

Kim Seung-kew (also Kim Seung-gyu; born July 20, 1944 in Gwangyang, Korea) is a former South Korean Minister of Justice, from July 2004 to July 2005, and became head of the National Intelligence Service on July 5, 2005.
Kim Seung-kew is a Korean Government employee. He was born in Gwangyang city of South Jeolla Province of the Republic of Korea; and finished schooling at Sunchon city Mesan High School, and graduated from the Seoul National University, Law Department, BL.

</doc>
<doc id="2898084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898084" title="Parks and open spaces in Richmond upon Thames">
Parks and open spaces in Richmond upon Thames

Richmond upon Thames lies to the south west of London and has more parks and open spaces than any other London borough. These include Kew Gardens and three Royal Parks – Richmond Park, Bushy Park and Hampton Court Park. There are over 100 parks and open spaces within its boundary and 21 miles of river frontage. Many of the open spaces were village greens.
The main borough-managed parks and open spaces are:
The "Crane Riverside Park", linking the boroughs of Richmond and Hounslow, is one of 11 parks throughout Greater London chosen to receive money for redevelopment by a public vote. The park received £400,000 towards better footpaths, more lighting, refurbished public toilets and new play areas for children.

</doc>
<doc id="2898115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898115" title="Castle to Castle">
Castle to Castle

Castle to Castle is the English title of the 1957 novel by Louis-Ferdinand Céline, titled in French "D'un château l'autre". The book features Céline's experiences in exile with the Vichy French government at Sigmaringen, Germany, towards the end of World War II.
For the first U.S. edition, translator Ralph Manheim won the 1970 National Book Award in category Translation.There was a "Translation" award from 1967 to 1983.</ref> 
Legacy.
"Castle to Castle" was mentioned in the biography of Jack Kerouac, "Subterranean Kerouac" by Ellis Amburn (St. Martin's Press, 1998). Kerouac was at dinner with Steve Allen and Jayne Meadows at their apartment when he described Céline's work as "a portrait of existence as rotten and mad" (p. 301).

</doc>
<doc id="2898121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898121" title="Mr Karate">
Mr Karate

Mr. Karate () is a film directed by Mohamed Khan and released in 1993, stars Ahmad Zaki as an originally naive out of towner who is brought down by the hardships of life in Cairo. Broke and unemployed, Zaki's character gets a stint as a garage worker before graduating to the more lucrative, albeit less dignified, profession of illicit parking helper ("monadi"). After an acquaintance with a local retired karate instructor (played by Ibrahim Nasr), Zaki's character is introduced to the world of martial arts through watching a series of old Bruce Lee and Jackie Chan movies which at first are picked out by his new friend (Nasr's character) but which he then picks out himself from a nearby video rental store where his love interest in the movie works (played by Nahla Salama). What starts as a childish fascination, becomes with the help of Nasr, a new awakening for Zaki's character, who develops a resolve to become defenseless no more and trains in art of karate.
In one of his last interviews (if not his last) before his untimely death in March 2005, Ahmad Zaki said the only thing he regreted about "Mr Karate" was its title. He said it was misleading because it led many moviegoers and critics to believe it was a lighthearted martial arts spoof, when, in fact, it was about the troubles of a simple man trying to survive the vast city that is Cairo, Egypt. In the interview, Zaki said he had hoped for the movie to be called "Cairo '90."
Soon, Zaki realizes that his newfound karate abilities allows him to help out distressed members in his community, which captures the attention of a local tycoon (who in the film remains obscure and whose exact profession - whether he is a businessman, member of parliament or even a minister - is left to the viewers' imagination).
At the time of its release, the film received mixed reviews, but it did solidify Zaki as an icon and spokesperson for the average Egyptian youth. It also allowed him to pursue more action-packed movies during the mid-and late-1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="2898146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898146" title="Blue Comet SPT Layzner">
Blue Comet SPT Layzner

, sometimes translated as Blue Meteor SPT Layzner, is an anime series produced by Sunrise between 1985 and 1986. Its original creator was Ryōsuke Takahashi of "Armored Trooper Votoms" fame who served as the writer and wrote the scripts for such shows as "Panzer World Galient", "Astro Boy (1980 TV series)", "Zero Tester", "Fang of the Sun Dougram", "Cyborg 009", "Gasaraki" and "Blue Gender".
Story.
The Story takes place in 1996, where humanity is advanced enough to develop long-range space travel, as well as bases on both the Moon and Mars. However, the Cold War tensions between the United States and the Soviet Union have not ended; rather, they've escalated as both sides build military facilities in space, and the shadow of nuclear conflict looms over humanity, both on and off Earth.
Meanwhile, on Mars, an exchange program created by the United Nations to promote peace and understanding is about to begin; the "Cosmic Culture Club", consisting of 16 boys and girls, as well as their instructor Elizabeth, arrives at the UN Mars base, and are being welcomed by the staff. Among the passengers is Anna a 14 year old girl who serves as the narrator for the story.
Suddenly, four unidentified humanoid robots classified as Super Powered Tracers are detected, engaged in fierce combat with each other. The UN base is caught in the crossfire and quickly destroyed, killing all but six members of the "Cosmic Culture Club" — Elizabeth, Arthur, Roan, David, Simone and Anna, leaving them stranded on an inhospitable planet that has suddenly become a battlefield. As the battle ends, the lone SPT standing lands next to the terrified group and opens up revealing a pilot, who simply announces to them, "The Earth has been targeted".
The robots who destroyed the UN base were the creation of the Grados, an alien race, from the Udoria system, who came to the Sol system for the purpose of conquest, seeing an easy victory as the two superpowers raged against each other to exhaustion — however, this could also be described as an act of pre-emptive self-defense; the Gradosian supercomputers have determined that humanity will eventually cease its infighting and become powerful enough to spread through the galaxy, posing a destructive threat to even the far off Grados. 
However, there were two Grados opposed to the plan: human astronaut Ken Asuka, assumed lost during a deep space mission but discovered by the Grados, and his son Null Albatro (his "human" name being Eiji). As the Grados prepared their invasion fleet, Eiji stows away on board one of the ships and steals their most powerful and advanced weapon, the SPT-LZ-00X Layzner before fleeing, seeking to warn humanity of its impending invasion. It was here where he was attacked. Aside from the Layzner, the surviving humans have now become very important to the Grados; as the only human eyewitnesses to the aliens and their power, the six are the only ones who can convince the warring powers to stand down from destroying each other, and focus on the greater threat.
Theme songs.
Opening: "Melos no Yōni Lonely Way" (Like Melos, Lonely Way)
Ending (Episodes 1-25): "Go-fun Dake no Wagamama (Just 5 Minutes of Selfishness)"
Ending (Episode 26-38): "La Rose Rouge (The Red Rose)"
Super Powered Tracers.
Other Machines.
Designed to transport three SPTs to a planet at a time; they are armed with a lasered cannon in their top section and can emit LCM powder which can neutralize laser fire.
Unused Designs.
Designed to replace the Original Layzner this SPT was shelved as the series was cut short and never received any air time
History of the SPT.
The SPT or Super Powered Tracer is the premier weapon of the Gradosian military and was developed over a century before their invasion of Earth. The beginning of the SPT development started as small pods with manipulators 
that were used for construction purposes. Later scientist delved into the idea of using these constructs as weaponry for the military. As development progressed the SPT took on a humanoid form and size consideration for storage consumption was taken into account. The result was a Unit large enough for construction purposes but small enough to be transported en masse inside the invasion force fleet. Although these armoured giants are primarily used for combat they are capable of performing exploration function as they are equipped with sophisticated sensors. SPTs are designed to function in space, atmospheric and ground terrain conditions. Although they can function under water 
this was not a consideration taken into their design specs. In order to catalogue the effective performance of each unit, a designation is assigned at the end of each units number. The designations fall into three categories 
which are: "C", "U" and "X".
The "C" stands for Common, meaning that the suit is mass-produced. The "U" stands for Unique stating that these are 
suits reserved for ace pilots or officers. Finally, the "X" stands for Experimental, the classification in which the SPT-LZ-00X falls into. The middle letters in the SPT designation are merely abbreviations of the model's name, 
for example, SPT-LZ-00X would stand for Super Powered Tracer Layzner 00 Experimental. Similarly the designation SPT-GK-10U would stand for Super Powered Tracer Greimkaiser 10 Unique.
The layout of the SPT is a bipedal locomotive vehicle equipped with multiple vernier thrusters located throughout to aid in high speed combat maneuvers. The cockpit is located in the head and is covered in a hardened armoured acrylic glass canopy. The power systems laid out in the SPT run similar in design to the nervous systems of the humans and Gradosians with multiple overlapping backup systems. Electrical wiring and lubricant cables run throughout the body with locomotion produced by a combination of high power actuators for slow movements and low power pulse motors for quick motions. 
Computer and sensor arrays: Since the SPT was designed with the capability for space and planetary exploration every unit is equipped with highly sensitive sensors capable of analyzing and processing any situation. Some of these arrays include both active and passive radar, infrared, laser radar, electronic, photoelectric and atmospheric analysis, sound, sonar and a variety of others (There are well over 20 systems built into each unit). Sensors are measured in negative decibels for detection of vibrations and other movements in the vacuum of space. The collation of data is the responsibility of the SPTs' built-in computer and relays information to the pilot by using a synthesized voice. Much of the controls of the SPT are handled by the computer, which has a built-in artificial intelligence capable of handling or even taking control of a situation should its pilot become injured or incapacitated. The computer constantly maintains unit integrity, handles repairs and controls damage whilst also providing tactical advice. All manual control can be transferred via voice command. The hierarchy of the computers objectives are:
Much of the computer's data is directly relayed into the right eyepiece transferred on the visor of the pilots helmet or a visual monocle.
Lasered Rifle: The SPT's primary weapon is a proton laser cannon called a Lasered Rifle. Much like a human the SPT carries the Rifle in its arms and the Rifle can be stored on its back. In a non-atmospheric condition the Rifle can easily rip through 100 mm of standard armour, with the power being drawn from either a power clip or directly from the Tracer's main generator. Power output on the rifle can be adjusted from seven different levels including rapid to scattering fire.
Knuckle Shot: The most common secondary weapon of the SPT. The Knuckle Shot destroys targets by utilizing a powerful electromagnetic field which-when combined with a high impact-can bypass the SPT's armour and directly attacks the internal mechanisms. Thus the high electrical output wreaks havoc among an enemy's internal circuitry system. Originally designed to remove obstacles the Knuckle Shot is potent weapon when used by an experienced pilot.
Calf Missile: A supporting weapon of some SPTs, the Calf Missiles are stored on the back of an SPT's legs and are fired directly upwards before locking-on and homing in on their target. These powerful missiles have a limited range of three to five kilometers and are primarily used for wide scale destruction.
Armour: SPT armour is composited from specially treated titanium alloy designed to disperse heat from laser blasts. The most vulnerable spots are covered with magnetic-repulsion active armour, electromagnetically polarized to harden its surface and increase resistance to impact-based attacks. To counter this weapons with high electron penetration assaults have been developed called the "Knuckle Shot" 
The V-MAX System: The V-MAX system is an exclusive experimental device associated with the SPT-LZ-00X Layzner and later with the SPT-ZK-53U Zakarl. The MF-GL-73U Gasshalan also equips a V-MAX unit.
Once V-MAX is activated it switches on its thrusters and activates the afterburner, it operates the field generator which covers the units entire body with a blue magnetic wave and exhausts all inactive gases via the vent in the chest region to strengthen the barrier effect of the field. The speed is then increased making the Layzner an impenetrable "Blue Meteor" impervious to laser attacks. Once the process has begun it is impossible to shut down until the effect is exhausted: this will happen once the computer has 'cleared' the area by eliminating all threats, expending all of the SPT's Once the fuel has been expended or if the SPT overheats then the V-MAX is discharged: outer ports will then open to discharge excess heat and the battery is then recharged via the escaping gases.
Onboard Computer: The majority of the SPTs have their own on-board computer which assists its pilot in monitoring both external and internal conditions as well as assisting the pilot's control of their SPT. The onboard computer can analyze the pilot’s combat skill level and can set itself to match it accordingly. Circuitry inside the pilot’s helmet can also access the onboard computer remotely and can even warn the pilot of incoming enemies. Effectively, it serves as the on-board personality and voice response system.
The AI of the SPT-LZ-00X Layzner is so advanced that it has even developed an intelligent personality of its own. When combat conditions become overwhelming and the Layzner is in danger of being destroyed Rei will advise the pilot to either flee the area or eject. Should the pilot ignore the orders or become incapacitated the secondary on-board computer known as Fouron takes complete control of the SPT and initiates V-MAX. At this point the actions of the pilot no longer apply as the Layzner is under Fouron's complete control and even Rei is pushed down by its domineering personality.
US Release.
Bandai had plans to release the series in the US in Summer 2001 (along with "Giant Gorg") but never did. The official story is that they got damaged, blue-tinted video masters from Sunrise and were unable to acquire replacements. In 2005 Bandai's license to "SPT Layzner" and "Giant Gorg" expired.
"Blue Comet SPT Layzner" in other media.
This series was recently included in "Super Robot Wars J" for the Game Boy Advance and "Super Robot Wars GC" for the GameCube. It was also featured in "Neo Super Robot Wars" (its debut) and "Super Robot Wars 64" with a primary storyline role of all the "Super Robot Wars" it has appeared in. In its recent appearances, the unused Layzner Mk-II design that briefly appears in the credits sequences of the "1999" arc has been an unlockable Unit. Characters such as Gale and Julia have also been able to join your side after convincing processes. Ru Kain and his Demon Death Platoon are frequent adversaries, as are most of the mass-produced SPTs.
The series also appears in the "Another Century's Episode" games, with the Layzner & Zakarl being playable in the first game and also the Greimkaiser & Bloodykaiser make appearances as CPU-only units. The sequel, Another Century's Episode 2, follows the basic plot of the series but adapts it to the setting produced by the combined plots of the anime involved. For example, Eiji's first appearance is just after the resolution of Martian Successor Nadesico, and the SDF-1 Macross's fold removes the heroes from Earth long enough for Grados to establish control over Manhattan. The heroes return in time to aid the resistance, and Eiji finally joins the team officially along with Domon Kasshu after they (and the player's current character) fight off the Demon Death Platoon and several Gundam Heads.
The series also appear in Harobots, because they are from a Sunrise (company) series. This series' units can act as 'wild' units, or player units.

</doc>
<doc id="2898148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898148" title="Carlo Weis">
Carlo Weis

Carlo Weis (born 4 December 1958) is a retired footballer from Luxembourg.
He was Luxembourg's most capped player of all-time from November 1995 until Jeff Strasser overtook his tally in 2008.
Club career.
A central defender, Weis started his career at local side Spora Luxembourg before joining Belgian side F.C. Winterslag aged 20. He played 3 seasons for the Genk outfit and then moved across the border to join Stade Reims. He rejoined Spora after only one season in France and played another 5 seasons for them. After one year at Thionville, he moved on to Avenir Beggen for whom he played 8 seasons, interrupted by 2 seasons at Sporting Mertzig where he also took up the manager's post. While with Avenir, he claimed the 1990 Luxembourgian Footballer of the Year award.
Weis retired as a player at the end of the 1999/2000 season, aged 41.
International career.
Weis made his debut for Luxembourg in a March 1978 friendly match against Poland. In an international career spanning over 20 years, he went on to earn a record breaking 87 caps, scoring one goal. He played in 30 World Cup qualification matches.
He played his final international game in May 1998, a friendly match against Cameroon.

</doc>
<doc id="2898154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898154" title="Ghost Lake (film)">
Ghost Lake (film)

Ghost Lake is a 2004 horror film starring Tatum Adair, Timothy Prindle, Gregory Lee Kenyon, Azure Sky Decker, Chuck Franklin, Damian Maffei, Dan Metcalf, Linda Brown and Raymond Suriani. The film was written and directed by Jay Woelfel and produced by Johnnie J. Young of Young Wolf Productions.
The film was shot in late 2003 on location in and around Rushford Lake, Scio and Wellsville in western New York.
Plot.
Grieving over the death of her parents, Rebecca (Tatum Adair) escapes to her family cottage at Rushford Lake to seek solace in being by herself. But instead, she encounters a series of supernatural events that test her sanity and endanger the lives of everyone in the small town when ghosts from several drowning victims begin to rise from the depths of the murky lake to seek new victims.

</doc>
<doc id="2898161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898161" title="Fuel (song)">
Fuel (song)

"Fuel" is a song by Metallica. The song was written by James Hetfield, Lars Ulrich, and Kirk Hammett, and was released as the third single from their seventh album, "ReLoad". Metallica have frequently played the song in concert over the years, including the 1999 live album "S&M" with Michael Kamen conducting the San Francisco Symphony Orchestra. Fuel was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Hard Rock Performance in 1999 but lost to Jimmy Page and Robert Plant for the song "Most High."
Demo.
The song's demo was called "Fuel for Fire" and was recorded in Lars Ulrich's home studio "Dungeon" on January 16, 1995 (take 1).
Song usage.
As an instrumental piece, "Fuel" was the theme song and used as background music during race recaps for NASCAR broadcasts on NBC and TNT from 2001 to 2003 seasons. (It was also used for the 2004 coverage of the Daytona 500, but not as the theme song.) However, from the MBNA Cal Ripken, Jr. 400 until the end of the 2001 season, the opening scream ("Give me fuel, Give me fire, Give me that which I desire!") was removed because of its close association with terrorists in the wake of the September 11 attacks. The pre-release version of the song entitled "Fuel for Fire" (recorded on October 5, 1995) (with different lyrics) appears on the "NASCAR Full Throttle" CD. Sometimes at live concerts, James and Kirk slide their guitars to make an engine roaring sound to add the taste of the theme of the song.
The song was featured in the television series "House M.D.", on the episode "Known Unknowns".
Avril Lavigne has covered the song live paying tribute to the band at MTV Icon: Metallica, held in Universal City, California in 2003.
The song was featured in the video game "Test Drive Off-Road Wide Open" as the games opening video music and a selectable music track in the game.
The song was also featured as the theme song for "Hot Wheels Turbo Racing".
The song was used as the entrance music for Kyle Busch and Joey Logano when they guest-starred on the October 26, 2009 episode of "WWE Raw".
Track listing.
All live tracks were recorded on April 20, 1998 at the Brisbane Entertainment Centre, Brisbane, Australia

</doc>
<doc id="2898163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898163" title="List of mayors of São Paulo">
List of mayors of São Paulo

This is a listing of all those that have served as the Mayor of the City of São Paulo, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="2898166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898166" title="List of schools in Oman">
List of schools in Oman

−→An incomplete list of schools in Oman:
Most of these schools are located in Muscat, the capital of Oman. 
Modern generation private school

</doc>
<doc id="2898168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898168" title="Rockaway Creek (New Jersey)">
Rockaway Creek (New Jersey)

Rockaway Creek is a tributary of the Lamington River in Hunterdon County, New Jersey in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="2898170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898170" title="Leigh Stephens">
Leigh Stephens

Leigh Stephens is an American guitarist and songwriter. 
Stephens became famous as the former lead guitarist of the San Francisco psychedelic rock group Blue Cheer. He was ranked number 98 on "Rolling Stone" magazine's list of the 100 greatest guitarists of all time. He has claimed to have been the only member of the band who did not use drugs. His replacement as Blue Cheer's lead guitarist was Randy Holden.
Stephens went on to form Silver Metre in 1969, with Pete Sears, Micky Waller (drummer), and Jack Reynolds (singer), recorded one album at Trident Studios in London, England, released on the National General Records, produced by their manager, FM rock radio pioneer Tom Donahue.
His 1971 album, "Cast of Thousands" featured among other musicians, his fellow bandmembers from the above-mentioned band, together with the power trio Ashton, Gardner & Dyke, and the two sax players from If, Dave Quincey and Dick Morrissey.

</doc>
<doc id="2898171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898171" title="The McCalmans">
The McCalmans

The McCalmans were a folk song trio from Scotland. Formed in 1964, they recorded and toured without interruption up until they disbanded in December 2010. 
Their performance was based on searing three part harmony, humour and a respect for the tradition of song in Scotland. 
They have performed all over Europe, and in the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Bermuda, Kenya, Belize and even the Falkland Islands.
In their native Scotland, they had six major TV series and countless BBC Network Radio series and appearances.
They produced some 22 LPs and CDs, not counting re-issues and compilations. 
The McCalmans had five members in their history. Ian McCalman (born 1.9.1946, in Edinburgh), Hamish Bayne (born in Nairobi) and Derek Moffat (born near Dundee) were the original members. Hamish left the band in 1982 and was replaced by Nick Keir. Derek died as a result of cancer in 2001, and was replaced by long-term friend of the band Stephen Quigg. 
All three members have separate projects. Ian runs a very successful recording studio, and Stephen and Nick work as soloists. Nick is also involved in acting and film-making.
The band toured extensively in the UK and in Denmark, Germany and Holland.
In 2010 the group disbanded because Ian decided to retire. Their final gig was at 'Queens Hall' an Edinburgh on December 10.
The other two 'Macs', Nick and Stephen, continued as a duo additionally to their solo projects, until Nick's untimely death due to cancer on 2nd June 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="2898175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898175" title="Cliff Gallup">
Cliff Gallup

Clifton E. "Cliff" Gallup (June 17, 1930 - October 9, 1988) was an American electric guitarist, who played rock and roll in the band Gene Vincent and his Blue Caps in the 1950s.
Biography.
In February 1956, local radio DJ "Sheriff Tex Davis" (aka William Douchette, 1914–2007) heard Gene Vincent performing at a talent show in Norfolk, Virginia, became his manager, and put together a band of local musicians to back him. These included Gallup, who had previously played in a local band called The Virginians, and who was older than Vincent and the other band members. In May 1956, the band recorded in Nashville, Tennessee. Producer Ken Nelson had session musicians standing by in case the band was not up to par, but as soon as Gallup played the solos on "Race with the Devil" they knew they would not be needed.
Gallup played on 35 tracks with Vincent, including his biggest hit "Be-Bop-A-Lula", and established a reputation as one of the most technically proficient guitarists in early rock and roll. As a married man, Gallup was reluctant to tour with Vincent, and left the band in late 1956, returning only for some more studio sessions that same year for the second Gene Vincent and his Blue Caps LP. In the mid 1960s Gallup made a solo album for the local Pussy Cat record label in Norfolk, "Straight Down the Middle", in a more mellow instrumental style akin to Chet Atkins and Les Paul. He occasionally played with local bands, while working in school maintenance. He played guitar up until the day he died. He last played in Norfolk with a group called the H-Lo's 48 hours before he suffered a fatal heart attack.
At the time of his death from a heart attack in 1988, he was the Director of Maintenance and Transportation for the Chesapeake, Virginia city school system, where he worked for almost 30 years. At the request of his widow, obituaries in local newspapers made no mention of his time with Gene Vincent and his Blue Caps. He is remembered principally for his influence on such guitarists as Eric Clapton and Jeff Beck. The latter recorded an album of Gene Vincent songs, "Crazy Legs", in 1993 considered by music critics to be a tribute to Gallup and Vincent.
Gallup was ranked 79th in "Rolling Stone" magazine list of the "100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time"
Gallup is a Rockabilly Hall of Fame and Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductee.
Guitar Technique and Equipment.
His right hand playing technique is based on a flat pick in conjunction with fingerpicks on his middle and ring fingers, using his little finger to work the vibrato bar.
In his short time as lead guitarist in Blue Caps he played a 1955 or 1956 Gretsch 6128 (Duo-Jet) probably fitted up with two De Armond single coil pick-ups, a Melita bridge and a Bigsby vibrato tailpiece. About his amplifiers he used a Standel 25L15 (26-Watts tube amp with a single 15-inch speaker) for studio works and a Fender tweed for the remainder. 
According to one source, Gallup's trademark sound was produced by echo units he constructed himself from old tape recorder parts, but according to another source it was created in the studio by Nelson.
Discography.
Tracks recorded with Gene Vincent in chronological order of the recording sessions
The recording sessions were all done in three series at "Bradley Film & Recording Studio", 804 16th Avenue South, Nashville, Tennessee and produced by Ken Nelson :
A) One session on 4 May 1956;
B) Four sessions from 24 to 27 June 1956;
C) Four sessions from 15 to 18 October 1956.
Session 1: May 4, 1956
Session 2: June 24, 1956 
Session 3: June 25, 1956
Session 4: June 26, 1956
Session 5: June 27, 1956
Session 6: October 15, 1956
Session 7: October 16, 1956
Session 8: October 17, 1956
Session 9: October 18, 1956
Solo Album
"Straight Down The Middle" (mid-1960s, Pussy Cat label; recorded as "The Four C's featuring Gallopin' Cliff Gallup"[]).

</doc>
<doc id="2898182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898182" title="Barry Laden">
Barry Laden

Barry Spencer Laden MBE FRSA (born 1965 in Edgware, Middlesex) is a British fashion entrepreneur and occasional writer. Educated at City of Portsmouth Boys' School and the University of Westminster, his first retail venture was located in London's Fulham Road in 1987. 
He is best known for his creation of The Laden Showroom, the UK's largest independent showroom and retail space used for the promotion of small independent fashion designers, based in London's Brick Lane. He also created The London Fashion Bus, which toured the UK in 2003-4 and founded womenswear fashion brand Renée London. His latest venture, a garment factory in London's Mile End called East End Manufacturing, opened in October 2012 and was officially launched by Mayor of London, Boris Johnson on 26 February 2013. He has been a speaker on two occasions in committee rooms at the House of Lords, including giving a keynote speech on UK manufacturing in March 2014.
At the age of 11, as a prize for winning a national essay competition, he was saluted by the entire Royal Navy on the rehearsal of the Fleet Review off Spithead, representing the Royal Family on the occasion of the Silver Jubilee of Elizabeth II. During the 1990s he wrote material for radio and television, including a script for comedian Bob Monkhouse. His crime fiction novel, "Klarkey's War" (East of City Press) was published in 2006. His first play, "Ladies Aloud", was performed at the New End Theatre in Hampstead, London, in November 2007, starring Linda Marlowe and Susannah York.
In December 2009, in recognition for his social entrepreneurial work through The Laden Showroom, The Observer featured him as being listed in the top 50 of The Future 500 - The Courvoisier sponsored list of "inspirational, creative talent" in the UK for the year ahead.
He is a Freeman of the City of London and a Liveryman of the Worshipful Company of Drapers
Laden was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2011 New Year Honours for services to the fashion industry.
Family.
He is a cousin of Hollywood actor Nehemiah Persoff, composer/conductor Philip Green (composer) and British television presenter Fiona Phillips
His great-great uncle was Mark Feld, a retailer killed by fascists in London's east end, whose nephew was also Mark Feld, more famously known as Marc Bolan

</doc>
<doc id="2898190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898190" title="R. Bindu">
R. Bindu

R. Bindu is the former mayor of the Thrissur Municipal Corporation, in the Indian state of Kerala.
Bindu is also a professor of English at Sree Kerala Varma College, Thrissur City. In the elections to the local bodies of Kerala, conducted in September 2005, she contested as a candidate of Communist Party of India (Marxist), CPI(M), which is the major constituent in the Left Democratic Front. Bindu is married to A. Vijayaraghavan.

</doc>
<doc id="2898197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898197" title="Jens Grand">
Jens Grand

Dr. Jens Grand, "the Firebug" (Low German: "Fürsate", Swedish: "Fursat") (about 1260 - May 29, 1327 in Avignon) was a Danish archbishop of Lund (1289–1302), titular Archbishop of Riga and Terra Mariana (1304–1310), and Prince-Archbishop of Bremen (as John I 1310-1327), known as the central figure of the second ecclesiastical struggle in Denmark in the late 13th century. He was an outstanding jurist of canon law.
Grand was the son of Torbern Hvide, an officer at the Danish royal court, and of Cæcilie Skjalmsdatter, a sister of Peder Bang, Bishop of Roskilde. Bang and Cæcilie were also members of the Hvide clan, which came into conflict with the Danish throne through Stig Andersen Hvide's regicide of King Eric V "Klipping" in 1286. Grand studied at the University of Paris and received a degree as a doctor of canon law. About 1280 he gained a prebend as canon of the Roskilde Cathedral and in 1283 he advanced to the post of cathedral provost. Possibly Grand was an accomplice of the regicide. Maybe his donation of twelve prebendaries to the Roskilde Cathedral, which Pope Nicholas IV confirmed in 1288, is to be understood as an atonement for that sin. On 27 July, the same year, Ingvar Bishop of Roskilde granted Grand the castle of Selsø Slot (a part of today's Skibby).
Grand as Archbishop of Lund.
Grand appeared as a political figure when in 1289 the cathedral chapter of Lund elected him as archbishop. This position included the Scandinavian primacy. Even though the Danish King Eric VI "Menved" sharply protested at the Holy See, Nicholas IV confirmed Grand's election in 1290. From the start Grand firmly opposed the royal power, openly sympathising with the exiled magnates and refusing any support of the royal family. Like Lund's former Archbishop Jacob Erlandsen, whose sister was Grand's maternal grandmother, he seems to have been the supporter of an independent church without any obligations towards the State or the king. These views, which seem to have been expressed in a both daring and provoking way, made him appear to the young Eric "Menved" as a pure traitor - especially at a time of danger.
In 1291 Grand approved himself as a jurist and decreed the new "Constitutio cum Ecclesia Daciana", asserting canon law in Denmark at the expense of royal privileges. This affront escalated in a dispute between Eric "Menved" and Grand on the investiture of Lund's dean, Thorkil, and its provost, Jakob Lange, with additional prebends. In the following year Grand initiated to set up a necrologium of the Archdiocese, an inventory recording all the dead to be clerically commemorated by Offices of the Dead and the pertaining prebends and foundations donated to account for these ceremonies. In the course of the dispute - ostensibly on the prebends Grand invested disregarding the royal say in investiture - Grand excommunicated Eric "Menved".
In 1294, Eric "Menved" in return ordered Grand's and Lange's arrestment. Grand was imprisoned in Søborg Castle in Northern Zealand under both humiliating and unhealthy conditions. After some months in terrible conditions, Eric "Menved" sent a messenger to Grand to see if he would swear allegiance again and promise to seek no revenge for his captivity. He replied: "Rather than bend to his will, I would rather that the king sliced me apart joint by joint than submit to his commands." Pope Celestine V protested Grand's imprisonment, but in vain. Lange was held in captivity in Kalundborg castle. At the beginning of 1295 Lange managed to escape and fled to Rome pleading the new Pope Boniface VIII for help.
On 14 December 1295, Grand too, succeeded in escaping with the help of a cook and fled to his castle Hammershus on Bornholm, whereafter he sought help from Boniface VIII. While Grand was in Rome, Eric "Menved" took his revenge by ravaging the estates of Grand and his supporters. Grand preferred a charge on Eric "Menved" at the curia, demanding a huge compensation for his arrest, the ravage of his estates, together with general royal concessions. In return Eric "Menved" accused him of disloyal behaviour and treason.
In 1297 the curial verdict obliged Eric "Menved" to compensate Grand with a silver weight of 40,000 marks of Lund, an enormous amount at that time. When Eric "Menved" refused to provide that amount of silver, Boniface issued an interdict on Denmark and a ban on Eric "Menved", but without much effect. Both the Danish bishops and much of the people seem to have preferred a peaceful solution. The papal nuncio sent out to execute the verdict, Isarnus Tacconi (also Isarno Morlane) from Fontiès-d'Aude, archpriest of Carcassonne, came off empty-handed. In 1301 Tacconi became Prince-Archbishop of Riga.
The Grand affair lasted from 1297 to 1302 and was a foreign political strain on the Danish government. Eric "Menved's" firm attitude, together with a half-hearted support from the church, weakened Grand's case. After a royal rapprochement to Pope Boniface VIII - negotiated by Martin (Morten Mogensen) of Dacia, canon of the Ribe Cathedral in the Ribe diocese, later Rector of the University of Paris -, the affair ended in 1302 with a reduced compensation of silver weighing 10,000 marks. In the end Eric "Menved" only provided 4,000 marks in 1304, so that then Pope Benedict XI, Boniface' successor, lifted the ban on him. As part of the deal, Grand was removed from the rich see of Lund. Grand's later career was marked by new struggles.
Grand as Prince-Archbishop designate of Riga.
On 3 January 1303 Boniface VIII - with effect only in 1304 - replaced Grand as Archbishop of Lund by Isarnus Tacconi, since 1301 prince-archbishop in Riga. Still in 1303 Pope Benedict XI, Boniface' successor, provided Grand with the thus vacant Prince-Archbishopric of Riga and Terra Mariana. But Grand rejected Riga's see as too poor. Instead Grand then moved to Paris, lucratively investing 2,400 livres parisis from his Danish compensation as a credit to the St Denis Abbey on the grounds that the Abbey would pay him later an annual rent of 400 livres.
Grand as Prince-Archbishop of Bremen.
Meanwhile Benedict XI was succeeded by Pope Clement V, who was personally acquainted with Grand. In 1310 Clement V, then residing in Poitiers, took his chance to circumvent the say of the Bremian cathedral chapter and claimed according to the new canonical ius devolutionis the right to appoint himself Grand as new Prince-Archbishop of Bremen. Grand was the first Archbishop of Bremen, who was not elected by the Chapter, thus he had no local supporters.
On June 2, the same year, Grand was invested with the pallium in Avignon. Three weeks later Grand got the invoice, the papal treasurer demanded to pay the servitia minuta and the so-called servitium commune, the latter making up a third of the annual revenues of the See. Grand paid a servitium commune of 600 Guilders (Florins), thus Bremen's annual revenues only amounted to a 1,800 Guilders, while Lund yielded its archbishop 12,000 Guilders, and Riga, which he had doomed too poor, still brought 2,400 Guilders p.a. Maybe Grand accepted the Prince-Archbishopric of Bremen, because by his sister Ingefred Torbe(r)nsdatter (marr. with Jon Jonsen Litle; Danish) he was related to the Counts of Schauenburg and Holstein, whose county belonged to the diocesan territory of Bremen.
Situation in the Prince-Archbishopric at Grand's Arrival.
On 17 September 1310 Bernhard, Count of Wölpe, the dean of Bremen's cathedral and "Prince-Archbishop elect" of 1307 died, after years of bowing and scraping at the curia, without ever gaining his papal confirmation. All of Northern Germany was plagued already with a famine lasting about 15 years after a series of misharvests. In addition to that law and order in the Prince-Archbishopric of Bremen had fallen into decay during the three years of sede vacante. The council of the city of Bremen had usurped the jurisdiction from the prince-archiepiscopal bailiff in town. Burghers bought feudal estates in the proximity of the city, superseding knight families. This development led to the establishment of city-own countryside territory, where the city council would influence the appointment of judges within the "Gohe" (dike and drainage system venues).
Different magnates and clerical or secular entities (such as convents, cities) had alienated the prince-archiepiscopal revenues. Knights from families of nobility or ministerialis had usurped powerful positions in the Prince-Archbishopric. While Martin von der Hude terrorised the area between the rivers Weser and Oste, Heinrich von Borch, another robber baron, covered the area eastwards thereof until the river Elbe. In 1309 the city of Bremen, John III of Oldenburg-Delmenhorst and a number of knights confederated themselves to defeat Martin von der Hude.
Borch held the central prince-archiepiscopal castle in Vörde and the pertaining bailiwick. He abused the castle as starting point for his brigandages, earning him the epithet "Isern Hinnerk" (Iron Henry). In the same time he built his own castle "Dannensee" near Beckdorf and close to the Prince-Archbishopric's border with the Principality of Brunswick and Lüneburg-Celle. Local esquires, the city of Bremen, and many knights of the ministerialis, among them the bailiffs of Stade and of the Saxe-Lauenburgian exclave of the Land of Hadeln, formed a federation, sealed in April 1310, combining their interests to subject the brigandage with the separatist ambition of Stade's bailiff, the Count of Brobergen or Stade, being a vassal of the Prince-Archbishop, to constitute the County of Stade as a territory of imperial immediacy directly under the Emperor of the Holy Roman Empire. 200 armed men of the federation beleaguered the castle in Vörde and demanded "Isern Hinnerk" to leave.
Grand Re-establishing the Order in the Prince-Archbishopric.
In October 1310 Grand arrived in the monastery in Hude, which belonged in religious respect to his new diocese, but as to the secular reign it was part of the County of Oldenburg. From there monks and representatives of the city of Bremen accompanied him into the Prince-Archbishopric of Bremen. The federation welcomed him warmly and accepted Grand as Prince-Archbishop. The federation and Grand made "Isern Hinnerk" abandon the castle in Vörde, with "Isern Hinnerk" entrenching in his own castle near Beckdorf.
Still in 1310 Grand demanded from all the clergymen within his diocese and the pertaining suffragan dioceses of Lübeck, Ratzeburg, and Schwerin the "donum charitativum" (also called subsidium caritativum) amounting to 10% of all cleric revenues, such as prebends and the like, but he spared the Bremian capitulars to win their support. At the beginning of their episcopate bishops used to levy the "donum" as a tax from their subordinate clergy including the suffragan bishops to recover the expenses necessary to buy a papal confirmation or appointment to a See. In a wide interpretation of this use, Grand demanded the city of Stade to pay a tithe as subsidium caritativum. The Bremian Subchapter at Hamburg Concathedral protested at the curia for not being spared like Bremen's Chapter and on behalf of Stade.
Meanwhile "Isern Hinnerk" expanded his brigandages, to robb the means to accomplish his castle. Grand excommunicated him, but "Isern Hinnerk" even spread his robberies to neighboured Brunswick and Lunenburg-Celle and the Prince-Bishopric of Verden. This brought about a coalition of Grand with Duke Otto II "the Strict" of Brunswick and Lunenburg-Celle and Prince-Bishop Frederick I inflicting a feud on "Isern Hinnerk", which would put an end to his robberies. They destroyed his castle "Dannensee", beleaguered the castle in Horneburg, where he found refuge with relatives. After a second flight Hinnerk was enjailed in Vörde in 1311. The population appreciated Grand's success, because after years of insecurity he re-established order in the Prince-Archbishopric.
Grand's Deteriorating Relations to his Subjects and Neighboured Princes.
The Bremian clergy south of the river Elbe yielded and paid the donum, but north of the Elbe the old rivalry with the subchapter in Hamburg resurged, demanding the same treatment as the Bremian Chapter. Grand convened for a provincial synod, but the representatives of the suffragan dioceses and Hamburg's Subchapter refused to come. Grand then decided, to ignore the complaints of the absent clergymen. To make the things worse, Grand appointed his own candidates with prebends of the Lübeck Cathedral. He disentangled the new Archdeaconry of the Land of Wursten from the existing Archdeaconry of the Land of Hadeln, so that he could provide the canon Johannes Lütke as Wursten's Archdeacon with his own prebend. On 23 November 1311 Pope Benedict XI appointed Grand as arbiter in the dispute between the Prince-Archbishopric of Riga under Prince-Archbishop Friedrich von Pernstein and Teutonic Prussia under Grand Master Karl von Trier. At the beginning of the next year he participated in the Council of Vienne. There he was confronted with proceedings, instituted by Lübeck's Chapter on his unconsented appointments.
When in 1312 Grand returned his clerical opponents had united. His stubbornness and invideousness earned him the Low German nickname "Fürsate" (Engl. literally: fire-seed(er), "the Firebug"). The provost of Hamburg's Subchapter refused to pay, declaring the donum to be illegal, the suffragan prince-bishops Burchard of Lübeck, Marquard of Ratzeburg, and Godfrey I of Schwerin assented to that view. In 1313 Clement V adjudicated Grand the subsidium caritativum from Hamburg's Subchapter, but it still refused to pay. Grand in return inflicted excommunications on his opponents. The clergy again ignored the excommunications.
Meanwhile Grand also fell out with the Bremian Chapter, the city of Bremen, the Bremian nobility and ministerialis, the neighboured rulers over (1) the high taxes to sanify the ruinous state budget, (2) the appointment of the former robber baron "Martin von der Hude" as officialis of the Prince-Archbishopric and bailiff of the castle in Langwedel (Count Otto II of Hoya and Count John III of Oldenburg-Delmenhorst protested, because Hude had earlier also ravaged their territories with his brigandages.), (3) a charge, preferred by the Bremian Chapter, that Grand ordered the arrest of the priest Ubbo, whom - once in jail - Grand allegedly put to death. The city of Bremen assented to the Chapter's view.
His opponents set the settlement close to his castle in Vörde on fire and maltreated one of his clerics. In early 1314 Grand fled under acute threat of arrestment to the castle in Langwedel, held by his vassal Martin von der Hude, who was known for exploiting and maltreating the population in his bailiwick. The opposition also demanded to rehabilitate "Isarn Hinnerk".
On 21 July 1314 Prince-Bishop Burchard, Prince-Bishop Marquard, Hamburg's Subchapter, the Chapters of the Prince-Bischoprics of Lübeck, Ratzeburg, and Schwerin concluded an alliance against Grand's immoderate tax collections. Soon after Prince-Bishop Godfrey joined the alliance. The alliance started a series of lawsuits against Grand at the curia, while Grand banned the allies with anathemata. Grand did not wait for the curia to react, but himself chose Prince-Bishop Nicolaus Ketelhot of Verden and his treasurer as judges. On 3 January 1315 they admitted the litigants to be correct and annulled Grand's anathemata. Grand ignored the judgement. This even brought together the rivalling Chapters of Bremen and Hamburg, which agreed upon a common way of proceeding in February 1315. Grand, out of funds, now incurred debts with Count John III of Oldenburg-Delmenhorst, while Grand's debtors increasingly refused to pay, playing for time, hoping Grand to be deposed soon.
On 19 August 1314 Count Otto II of Hoya, Count John III of Oldenburg-Delmenhorst, and the Esquire of Diepholz confederated themselves against Grand. The city of Stade and the Count of Stotel later joined. The confederates and Grand appealed for an arbitration and on 6 October 1314 the arbitrators, prelates, knights and city councillors, delivered the judgement that Grand should adhere to the practices and respect the privileges, which were usual under his predessor Giselbert of Brunkhorst.
On 1 November 1314 Prince-Bishop Godfrey had died, and Grand took his revenge on the Chapter of Schwerin. He refused to consecrate Hermann of Maltzan, the Chapter's "Prince-Bishop elect". On 22 May 1315 Martin von der Hude informed Schwerin's Chapter, that Grand demanded 42,000 Bremian Marks in advance, then the price of a silver weight of 1,000 marks, for Hermann II's investiture. Grand requited the refusal to pay with an anathema, which he soon revoked. Meanwhile also the city of Hamburg litigated Grand at the curia.
Grand started travelling within the Prince-Archbishopric proper, at its fringes (such as Ditmarsh and Rüstringen) and beyond in other parts of his diocese, hastily searching for a hideout and funds to pocket. In summer 1315 Grand participated in a synod of the archdeaconry in Jever outside of the Prince-Archbishopric proper, where representatives of the Bremian Chapter threatened Grand to depose him, if he would not reside again within the boundaries of the Prince-Archbishopric, as it were his duty. The public opinion about him sharply deteriorated: A prostitute in Norden (East Frisia), a part of his diocese but outside of the Prince-Archbishopric, recognising Grand in the street, and beat him up - a very embarrassing event. He was arrested twice (once in Wildeshausen). Finally he rested in the monastery in Wildeshausen, an exclave of the Prince-Archbishopric.
The de facto Dismissal of Grand as Prince-Archbishop of Bremen.
On 19 May 1316 the Bremian Chapter declared Grand to be insane and appointed Duke John, scholaster (headmaster of the school of the Bremen Cathedral) and a son of Duke Otto II "the Strict" of Brunswick and Lunenburg-Celle, as coadjutor of the See and administrator of the Prince-Archbishopric. Grand travelled to Avignon and sued the Chapter, but due to the papal sede vacante no decisions were taken. Jacobus de Rota, a papal collector, who had travelled the Prince-Archbishopric in 1317, described it as a hideout of robber barons. He reported the lower clergy, nobility, ministerialis and the common people wished Grand back as Prince-Archbishop. The new Pope John XXII, who personally knew Grand and esteemed him, thus refused to depose him.
Nevertheless, Administrator John continued to wield the power in the Prince-Archbishopric. Right after Grand's exile "Isarn Hinnerk" was rehabilitated and appointed prince-archiepiscopal Burgmann in the castle in Ottersberg and bailiff in the pertaining bailiwick. In 1317 Administrator John arbitrated reconciliation between Ditmarsh and Count Gerhard III "the Great" of Schauenburg and Holstein-Rendsburg. Administrator John put Marcellus, a priest speaking up for Grand, to death.
Grand's interference into the Prince-Archbishopric's affairs from his exile.
On 27 March 1318 John XXII deputed Prince-Archbishop von Pernstein, Engelbert of Weyhe, Prince-Bishop of Osnabrück, and a canon of the Schleswig Cathedral to restitute the Bremian See to Grand. They meticulously investigated the discharge of Administrator John's office. After the intercession by Queen Jeanne II of France, the Pope acquitted Administrator John of the charge with the homicide of Marcellus.
Grand did not dare to return to the Prince-Archbishopric and therefore appointed Heinrich Dartsowe, a priest from Ratzeburg and later cantor of the Lübeck Cathedral, as his Vicar general. Dartsowe paid in return a high price for his investiture. He never entered the Prince-Archbishopric proper but mostly tried to recover the price he paid by collecting dues from the suffragan dioceses of Lübeck, Ratzeburg and Schwerin, which refused. In 1320 Dartsowe inflicted interdicts on Lübeck's Prince-Bishop Henry II and Schwerin's Prince-Bishop Hermann II, which were ordered to come to the curia to vindicate themselves. In the Prince-Archbishopric proper Administrator John wielded the power unchallenged.
Grand meanwhile lived in Paris, where – even after an admonishment by John XXII in 1321 – the St Denis Abbey refused to pay Grand the annual rent of 400 livres parisis. The dispute was only settled in 1326. Over the years Grand, the outstanding jurist, settled the different pending disputes between him and the suffragan dioceses, other persons and entities - represented by Burchard Grelle, then archdeacon of Rüstringen – at costly compensations to be paid to Grand and largely withheld by the curia as brokerage.
In 1322 the Bremian Chapter and the curia concluded a deal of unknown background. Administrator John was deposed, the Chapter paid 3,000 Bremian Marks for an unknown purpose, and Nicolaus Ketelhot, Prince-Bishop of Verden, and Dietrich von Xanthen, a canon of the St. Gereon's Basilica in Cologne, were appointed as new vicars general and new administrators. In 1324 Ketelhot confirmed all of Bremen's town privileges. After that he won the city of Bremen, the Bremian Chapter, Count Otto II of Hoya, Count John III of Oldenburg-Delmenhorst, and the Esquire of Diepholz to settle the feuds and uproars by a countrywide peace on 25 May 1325. Grand misgrudged Ketelhot his success and interfered by arbitrarily investing other persons as Vicars, each time pocketing an investiture fee.
Coloured by the opinion of his enemies and opponents, Grand's reputation and legacy suffered. However, he seems to have been a man of courage, business acumen and administrative ability, firmness and of principles, but also hot-tempered, cantankerous and reckless. Even in an age of great respect of the clergy, he lacked general support. The reason of his defeat was probably also that the power of the Pope was in decline.
Grand died on 29 May 1327 in Avignon. He was buried there the day after in the church of St. Mary. John XXII detained his residue from the Prince-Archbishopric of Bremen, which was highly indebted because of Grand. His estate consisted of 7,444 Guilders in cash, an additional 350 Guilders in foreign coins, a library estimated to 535 Guilders, as well as a diversity of silver tableware.

</doc>
<doc id="2898203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898203" title="Bryce Bayer">
Bryce Bayer

Bryce E. Bayer (/ˈbaɪər/; August 15, 1929 – November 13, 2012) was an American scientist who invented the Bayer filter, which is used in most modern digital cameras. He has been called “the maestro without whom photography as we know wouldn’t have been the same.” Without his filter, Larry Scarff, a former chairman of the Camera Phone Image Quality Standards Group, told the New York Times after Bayer's death, “we’d still be getting only black-and-white pictures from our digital cameras.”
Early life and education.
Bryce Edward Bayer was born in Portland, Maine, on August 15, 1929, to Alton and Marguerite Willard Bayer. As a boy he tinkered with Brownies and other cameras. He graduated in 1947 from Deering High School in Portland, where he spent a good deal of time in the school darkroom. “He, in fact, processed all of the pictures for his high school yearbook,” his son David told the New York Times following Bayer's death.
After receiving a bachelor’s degree in engineering physics from the University of Maine in 1951, Bayer moved to Rochester, New York, to work as a research scientist at Eastman Kodak, where he would remain until his retirement in 1986. At Kodak he met Joan Fitzgerald, a fellow researcher; they were married in 1954. Bayer pursued further studies at the University of Rochester, from which he earned a master’s degree in industrial statistics in 1960.
Bayer filter.
In 1974, while working for Kodak, Bayer completed his design for the Bayer filter, for which he filed a patent application in 1975 and in 1976 received U.S. patent number 3,971,065. The filter employs what is called the “Bayer Pattern,” a checkerboard-like arrangement of red, green, and blue pixels on a square grid of photosensors that allows digital cameras to capture vivid color images. Half of the pixels collect green light, and the others are evenly divided between red and blue light. The patent application described the filter as “a sensing array for color imaging” that “includes individual luminance- and chrominance-sensitive elements that are so intermixed that each type of element...occurs in a repeated pattern with luminance elements dominating the array.” 
“The pattern is very simple,” Ken Parulski, former chief scientist for Kodak’s digital camera division, told the New York Times after Bayer's death. “There are twice as many green elements as red or blue because this mimics the way the human eye provides the sharpest overall color image.” Parulski added that although dozens of other patterns have since been devised, including some by Parulski himself, “the Bayer pattern has stood the test of time.” Larry Scarff, a former chairman of the Camera Phone Image Quality Standards Group, told the Times that “Ninety-nine point nine-nine percent of all digital cameras — cellphones, pocket cameras, webcams and consumer digital video cameras — use the Bayer pattern to produce color pictures.” One commentator said that Bayer's filter “marked a significant paradigm shift in the way we view and capture images.” Dr. Terry Taber, Kodak Vice President and Chief Technology Officer has said that the “elegant colour technology invented by Bryce Bayer is behind nearly every digital image captured today.”
According to the Rochester Democrat and Chronicle, Bayer's work on the filter “helped pave the way for the development of the first working digital camera a year later.” Steve Sasson, co-inventor of the first digital camera, told the Rochester newspaper “that Bayer's contributions were not only pioneering but prophetic.” “We weren't even thinking about digital cameras in those days,” Sasson said. “Bryce was trying to figure out how to capture color with a two-dimensional array of color-blind sensors, and that turned out to be one of the foundations of digital imaging. He was solving a fundamental problem before that problem was even upon us.” Sasson added that “Bryce has always been a hero for me.” Parulski told the Democrat and Chronicle that he felt “very lucky to have worked with Bryce, starting on my very first day at Kodak...Bryce was so modest and unassuming, it took me years to realize what a genius he really was.” Parulski added “that Bayer's invention is the key reason we have cameras that are compact yet provide sharp-looking pictures.”
Other professional activities.
Bayer’s contribution to photography also included algorithms that play a crucial role in storing, enhancing, and printing digital images.
Honors and awards.
Bayer was awarded the Royal Photographic Society's Progress Medal in 2009 given “in recognition of any invention, research, publication or other contribution which has resulted in an important advance in the scientific or technological development of photography or imaging in the widest sense.” In 2012, Bayer received the first Camera Origination and Imaging Medal from the Society of Motion Picture and Television Engineers.
Personal life and death.
Bayer and his wife had two sons, Douglas and David, and a daughter, Janet. Bayer died on Nov. 13, 2012, in Bath, Maine, of “a long illness related to dementia,” his son Douglas told the New York Times.

</doc>
<doc id="2898206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898206" title="Apathetic EP">
Apathetic EP

Apathetic EP is the fifth EP released by Relient K. It was released on November 8, 2005, and was initially packaged with copies of "Mmhmm", but is also available separately. The EP reached no. 94 on the Billboard 200. The song "In Like a Lion (Always Winter)" was originally intended to be included on the album "" but later excluded.

</doc>
<doc id="2898223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898223" title="Henry Vestine">
Henry Vestine

Henry Charles Vestine (December 25, 1944 – October 20, 1997) a.k.a. "The Sunflower", was an American guitar player known mainly as a member of the band Canned Heat. He was with the group from its start in 1966 to July 1969. In later years he played in local bands but occasionally returned to Canned Heat for a few tours and recordings.
In 2003 Vestine was ranked 77th in "Rolling Stone" magazine list of the "100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time".
Biography.
Born in Takoma Park, Maryland, Vestine was the only son of Harry and Lois Vestine. His father was a noted physicist specializing in gravity studies. The Vestine Crater on the Moon had been named posthumously after him. Henry Vestine married twice, first in 1965 and in the mid-1970s to Lisa Lack and with whom he moved to Anderson, South Carolina. In 1980 they had a son, Jesse. In 1983, after they separated, Vestine moved to Oregon.
Vestine's love of music and the blues in particular was fostered at an early age when he accompanied his father on canvasses of black neighborhoods for old recordings. Like his father, Henry became an avid collector, eventually coming to own tens of thousands of recordings of blues, hillbilly, country, and Cajun music. At Henry’s urging, his father also used to take him to blues shows at which he and Henry were often the only white people present. Later Henry was instrumental in the "rediscovery" of Skip James and other Delta musicians.
In the mid-1950s, Henry and his childhood friend from Takoma Park, John Fahey began to learn how to play guitar and sang a mixed bag of pop, hillbilly, and country music, particularly Hank Williams. Soon after the family moved to California, Henry Vestine joined his first junior high band Hial King and the Newports. On his first acid trip with a close musician friend, he went to an East LA tattoo parlor and got the first of what was to be numerous tattoos: the words "Living The Blues". Later, in 1969, that became the title of a double album by Canned Heat. By the time he was seventeen he was a regular on the Los Angeles club circuit. He became a familiar sight at many black clubs, where he often brought musician friends to turn them on to the blues. Henry became friends with Cajun guitarist Jerry McGhee. It was from him that Henry learned the flat pick and 3-fingerstyle that was to become so much a part of Henry’s own style. He was an early fan of Roy Buchanan and
his favorite guitar players included T-Bone Walker, Johnny "Guitar" Watson, Sonny Sharrock, Freddie King, and Albert Collins. In Canned Heat he was able to play and record with John Lee Hooker whom he had admired since the late 1950s.
The 1960s.
Throughout the early to mid-1960s Henry played in various musical configurations and eventually was hired by Frank Zappa for the original Mothers of Invention in late October 1965. Vestine was in the Mothers for only a few months and left before they recorded their debut album. Demo tapes from Mothers of Invention rehearsal sessions featuring Vestine (recorded in November 1965) appear on the Frank Zappa CD entitled: Joe's Corsage; posthumously released in 2004.
His friend Fahey was to be instrumental in the formation of Canned Heat. He had introduced Al Wilson, whom he knew from Boston, to Henry and Bob and Richard Hite. Wilson, Vestine and the Hite brothers formed a jug band that rehearsed at Don Brown’s Jazz Man record Shop. Bob Hite and Alan Wilson started Canned Heat with Kenny Edwards as a second guitarist, but Henry was asked to join. The first notable appearance of the band was the following year when they played at the Monterey Pop Festival. Shortly after Canned Heat’s first album was released, Henry burst into musical prominence 
as a guitarist who stretched the idiom of the blues with long solos that moved beyond the conventional genres. He had his own style and a trademark piercing treble guitar sound.
Vestine missed playing at the Woodstock Festival in 1969, having quit the band the previous week. In 1995, he explained to an Australian reporter that "t the time, it was just another gig. It was too bad I wasn’t there, but I just couldn’t continue with the band at the time." There had some tension between him and bassist Larry Taylor. When Taylor quit Canned Heat, Vestine returned; their alternating membership in the band was to be repeated a few more times over the years.
While Canned Heat played at Woodstock in August 1969, Henry was invited to New York City for session work with avant-garde jazz great Albert Ayler. That session work resulted in two releases on the Impulse label.
At the same time he developed an intense interest in Harley Davidson motorcycles. He eventually owned eleven of them. Prior to his death he was looking forward to playing at their 75th Anniversary Celebration. Over the years he had also a close relationship with the Hells Angels.
The 1970s.
Through the 1970s gradually Canned Heat had become a part-time occupation with occasional gigs and recordings sessions. When Vestine's marriage broke up in 1983, he moved to Oregon. There he lived on a farm in rural Summit for a year and then in Corvallis, making a living doing odd jobs and playing music at rodeos and taverns in a country band with Mike Rosso, an old friend from southern California who had also moved to Oregon. He also played with Ramblin' Rex.
Terry Robb brought Vestine to Portland and they did some recording together. Henry began playing with the Pete Carnes Blues Band and made his way to Eugene when the band folded in the mid-1980s. He played the regional club scene with a number of blues and blues-rock groups including James T. and The Tough. From that band he was to bring James Thornbury to a reconstituted Canned Heat.
Vestine toured with Canned Heat in Australia and Europe, where the band had a popularity that far surpassed the recognition they got in the United States. When he returned to Eugene he would play with The Vipers, a group of veteran Eugene blues musicians who perform throughout the Northwest. He continued to record including sessions with Oregon bands such as Skip Jones and The Rent Party Band, Terry Robb, and The Vipers. He also recorded the album "Guitar Gangster" with Evan Johns in Austin.
Death.
Vestine had finished a European tour with Canned Heat when he died from heart and respiratory failure, in a Paris hotel on the morning of October 20, 1997, just as the band was to return to the United States. 
Henry Vestine's ashes are interred at the Oak Hill Cemetery outside of Eugene, Oregon. A memorial fund has been set up in his name. The fund will be used for maintenance of his resting place at Oak Hill Cemetery and, when it is possible, for conveyance of some of his ashes to the Vestine Crater on the moon, as has been his wish.

</doc>
<doc id="2898225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898225" title="James Miller McKim">
James Miller McKim

James Miller McKim (November 10, 1810 – June 13, 1874) was a Presbyterian minister and abolitionist. He was also the father of the architect Charles Follen McKim.
Biography.
McKim was born in Carlisle, Pennsylvania, and educated at Dickinson College and Princeton. In 1835, he was ordained pastor of a Presbyterian church at Womelsdorf, Pennsylvania. A few years before, the perusal of a copy of Garrison's "Thoughts on Colonization" had made him an abolitionist. He was a member of the convention that formed the American Anti-slavery Society, and in October 1836 left the pulpit to lecture under its auspices for the cause of emancipation. He delivered addresses throughout Pennsylvania. In 1840, he moved to Philadelphia to worked for the Pennsylvania Anti-Slavery Society as lecturer, organizer, and corresponding secretary. At times, he served as the editor of the "Pennsylvania Freeman".
In 1849, he was on the receiving end of an unusual and historic shipment, when Henry "Box" Brown, an innovative and determined escaped slave from Richmond, Virginia, arrived in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in a small shipping box and emerged into freedom. McKim was depicted in the "The Resurrection of Henry Box Brown at Philadelphia", a lithograph by artist Samuel W. Rowse, which was widely published to help raise funds for the Underground Railroad. Brown wrote his autobiography in 1851. McKim's labors frequently brought him in contact with the operations of the underground railroad, and he was often connected with the slave cases that came before the courts, especially after the passage of the Fugitive Slave Law of 1850.
In 1859, Reverend McKim and his wife Sarah Allibone (née Speakman) McKim escorted Mary Brown, the wife of abolitionist John Brown, to Virginia, after his failed raid there at Harper's Ferry. The McKims were accompanied in this effort by Hector Tyndale, another Philadelphia abolitionist. After visiting her husband in jail in Charlestown, Virginia Charles Town, West Virginia, Mary Brown, along with the McKims and Tyndale, stayed in Harper's Ferry until after the John Brown's execution on December 2, 1859. The McKims prayed and held hands with Mary Brown until the hour of execution passed. Afterward, they assisted her in claiming Brown's body and escorted her northward, and at least McKim himself continued with her to North Elba, N.Y. (present-day Lake Placid) for the funeral service and interment.
In the winter of 1862, immediately after the capture of Port Royal, South Carolina, he was instrumental in calling a public meeting of the citizens of Philadelphia to consider and provide for the wants of the 10,000 slaves that had been suddenly liberated. One of the results of this meeting was the organization of the Philadelphia Port Royal Relief Committee. He afterward became an earnest advocate of the enlistment of colored troops, and as a member of the Union league aided in the establishment of Camp William Penn, and the recruiting of eleven regiments. In November 1863, the Port Royal Relief Committee was enlarged into the Pennsylvania Freedman's Relief Association, and McKim was made its corresponding secretary.
As the American Civil War dragged on, and, after President Lincoln announced the emancipation of the slaves in the South in 1863, McKim joined the Freedmen's Aid Commission and provided valuable services to that body.
He travelled extensively, and labored diligently to establish schools in the South. In 1865, he joined the American Freedman's Union Commission and used every effort to promote general and impartial education in the South. In July 1869, the Commission having accomplished all that seemed possible at the time, it decided unanimously, on McKim's motion, to disband.
His health having meantime become greatly impaired, he soon afterward retired from public life. In 1865 he assisted in founding "The Nation" of New York. He died in West Orange, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="2898227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898227" title="Launch control (automotive)">
Launch control (automotive)

Launch control is an electronic aid to assist drivers of both racing and street cars to accelerate from a standing start.
Popular automobiles with launch control include the BMW M series, certain marques of the Volkswagen Group with Direct-Shift Gearbox (most notably the Bugatti Veyron), Porsche 911 (sport++ mode), Panamera Turbo, and certain General Motors products. Mitsubishi also incorporated launch control into their Twin Clutch SST gearbox, on its "S-Sport" mode, but the mode is only available in the Evolution X MR and MR Touring (USDM). The Nissan GT-R has electronics to control launch but the company does not use the term "launch control" since some owners have equated the term with turning off the stability control to launch the car, which may void the warranty of the drivetrain. The current version of Nissan GT-R allows user to launch the car by turning the Traction Control to "R" mode.
How it works.
Launch control operates by using an electronic accelerator and a computer program. The software controls acceleration based on engine specifications to make the car accelerate smoothly and as fast as possible, avoiding spinning of the drive wheels, engine failure due to over-revving, and clutch and gearbox problems. In racing cars, this feature is only available at the start of the race, when the car is stationary in the starting grid. After the car is running at a certain speed, the software is disabled.
Reason for use.
Racing drivers have only a very short time at the start of a race in which to achieve competitive acceleration. High power delivery to the gearbox and driven wheels cannot easily be managed even by the most skilled drivers.
History.
Developments in electronics in the 1980s enabled the introduction of launch control.
In 1985, Renault's RE60 F1 car stored information on a diskette which was later unloaded at the pits, giving the engineers detailed data about the car's behaviour. Later, telemetry allowed the data to be sent by radio between the pits and the car. Increasing use of electronics on the car allowed engineers to modify the settings of certain parameters whilst it was on the track, which is called bi-directional telemetry.
Among the electronic driving aids were a semi-automatic transmission, an anti-lock braking system (ABS), a traction control system, and active suspension. The 1993 Williams FW15C model featured all of these aids. This trend was ended by the FIA when it outlawed these aids for the 1994 season, considering that they reduced the importance of driver skill to too great a degree. Bi-directional telemetry was also forbidden, which was soon reinstated as the FIA found it too hard to analyse the engine programmes in order to search for hidden code that could be found breaking the rules.
Fully automatic transmission and launch control were allowed again from the 2001 Spanish Grand Prix, but as of 2004 they were outlawed in order to reduce the money needed for a competitive F1 team. 

</doc>
<doc id="2898231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898231" title="Philip Baxter College, University of New South Wales">
Philip Baxter College, University of New South Wales

Philip Baxter College, University Of New South Wales is a residential college at the University of New South Wales in Kensington, Sydney, Australia.
History.
Along with Basser and Goldstein Colleges, Philip Baxter College forms part of the original Kensington Colleges, which have been owned and operated by the University of New South Wales since their founding in 1959.
Named after Sir John Philip Baxter, a former Vice-Chancellor at UNSW and Chairman of the Sydney Opera House Trust, Baxter College took its first residents in 1966.
The College participates in numerous social and sporting activities throughout the year, including the inter-college The Ruth Wheen Cup and off-campus activities in the local areas of Coogee, Randwick and Sydney CBD.
During 2012 and 2013 Baxter College also housed residents from sister colleges Basser and Goldstein during a major redevelopment of UNSW's student accommodation facility. The $110 million redevelopment will see The Kensington Colleges completely re-developed and three new colleges added to the portfolio: "Fig Tree Hall", "Colombo House" and "UNSW Hall".
All student activities are co-ordinated by the student elected House Committee and over seen by the Dean of College. The current Dean is Mr Solomon Le-Masurier.
Redevelopment.
The redeveloped Philip Baxter College opened in Semester 1 2014. It accommodates 201 students in a mixture of rooms with either en suite or shared bathroom facilities. Philip Baxter College has expansive common and study areas as well as a roof top garden. The College shares landscaped garden areas with Basser, Goldstein and the newly established residences; Fig Tree Hall and Colombo House. Residents are provided with three meals per day during session at the nearby Goldstein Dining Hall, which is shared with residents of the other Kensington Colleges - Basser, Goldstein and Fig Tree Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="2898232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898232" title="Defense Logistics Information Service">
Defense Logistics Information Service

The DLA Logistics Information Service, or formerly the Defense Logistics Information Service provides logistics and information technology services to the United States Department of Defense, Federal agencies, and international partners.

</doc>
<doc id="2898239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898239" title="Stow Creek (New Jersey)">
Stow Creek (New Jersey)

Stow Creek is an tributary of Delaware Bay in Salem and Cumberland Counties, New Jersey in the United States.
The creek forms part of the border between Salem and Cumberland Counties. It empties into Delaware Bay at the ghost town of Bayside; the actual mouth has moved northward as erosion has cut open a loop of the creek.

</doc>
<doc id="2898250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898250" title="CoABS Grid">
CoABS Grid

The Control of Agent Based System (CoABS) Grid is an advanced service-oriented architecture (SOA) that supports distributed object management; mobile computing and surrogate processing for constrained devices; multi-modal, adaptive user interfaces; collaborative computing; intelligent software; and intelligent heterogeneous data access. It supports protocol-independent communications and provides rapid, evolutionary development of user-centered information systems that can be easily integrated into legacy systems. CoABS has been developed with military applications in mind and provides a general-purpose, lightweight integration framework for a wide variety of applications. The CoABS grid is based on JINI and RMI.
The CoABS Grid is designed to integrate large-scale distributed applications from small independently developed components to meet the needs of rapidly evolving, geographically dispersed organizations. The technology's goal is to strike a practical balance between recent innovations in distributed agent technology, emerging from advanced research, and the practical demands of real-world applications.
CoABS has layered a message-oriented middleware (MOM) on top of the SOA to support asynchronous messaging, and publish and subscribe for tailored delivery of information. This MOM forms the basis of CoABS's agent-based computing infrastructure and increases the interoperability, portability, and flexibility of an application by allowing the application to be distributed over multiple heterogeneous platforms. It reduces the complexity of developing applications that span multiple operating systems and network protocols by insulating the application developer from the details of the various operating systems and network interfaces. Agent software supports asynchronous calls between the client and server applications and message queues provide temporary storage when the destination program is busy or not connected. 
Key characteristics of this framework are the ability to support dynamic registration, discovery, interoperability, tailored delivery (publish and subscribe), asynchronous agent messaging, message storage, and secure exchange of information. There are four main interoperable components of the CoABS framework: services, agents, publishers, and subscribers. This infrastructure enables dynamic reconfiguration without involvement of operators as systems join and leave. This framework can conserve bandwidth by providing only the pertinent information to the warfighters. 
CoABS Grid was designed and developed by Global InfoTek, Inc. (GITI) for the Defense Advanced Research Project Agency (DARPA). 

</doc>
<doc id="2898255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898255" title="Sahel Academy">
Sahel Academy

Sahel Academy is a school in Niamey, Niger and occupies an site along the Niger River. It educates the children of missionaries and English speaking people of Niamey. Currently during this 2013-2014 school year, Sahel Academy has 200 students in grades K-12 representing 14 countries and a staff of 40 from 4 different nations. The school continues to grow and is now accredited by the ACSI and provides one of the best educations in west Africa. 

</doc>
<doc id="2898257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898257" title="User Location Service">
User Location Service

In computing, User Location Service was a standards-based protocol for directory services and presence information, first submitted as a draft to the IETF in February 1996.
Client software supporting ULS included early versions of Microsoft Netmeeting, Intel Video Phone and FreeWebFone. Netmeeting had depreciated ULS in favour of Internet Locator Service by 1997 and FreeWebFone no longer exists.
A ULS server provides directory services and presence lookup for clients. At one stage, public ULS servers were made available by Microsoft and others, but these have largely been abandoned.
ULS typically runs on the TCP port 522.

</doc>
<doc id="2898258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898258" title="Museo Rosenbach">
Museo Rosenbach

Museo Rosenbach is an Italian progressive rock band whose album "Zarathustra", in spite of the limited success it scored in the 1970s, is today considered a cornerstone of the genre.
History.
Museo Rosenbach was formed around 1971 as Inaugurazione del Museo Rosenbach ("The Inauguration of Rosenbach Museum") when two bands, La Quinta Strada and Il Sistema joined forces. La Quinta Strada and Il Sistema had played mostly songs by other popular artists like Jimi Hendrix and rock groups such as The Kinks, The Animals and Steppenwolf and by Rhythm & Blues stars like Otis Redding and Wilson Pickett. 
The band name may have been inspired by Premiata Forneria Marconi and Banco del Mutuo Soccorso. If these other bands had named themselves after a bakery and a bank, the band thought it was reasonable to create a "Museum" dedicated to the German publisher Otto Rosenbach. Other possible inspirations for the name may have come from the eclectic collections of the Rosenbach Museum & Library in Philadelphia, PA or simply the poetic name "Rosenbach", which means "brook of roses" in German. 
Influenced by Pink Floyd and Banco del Mutuo Soccorso (among others), Museo Rosenbach released their first and most well-known album "Zarathustra" in April 1973. The songs on "Zarathustra" displayed the influence of classical music and the heavy keyboard passages (synthesizer, mellotron and Hammond organ) typical of other Italian progressive rock groups of the time and of progressive rock in general. Vocalist Stefano Galifi's distinctive voice and keyboard player Pit Corradi added originality to the band sound. 
The band provoked controversy for their supposed right-wing inclinations stemming from the image of Mussolini found in the collage on the album cover, and the Nietzsche-inspired lyrics.
Drummer Giancarlo Golzi later the pop band Matia Bazar.
In the early 1990s Alberto Moreno, the bass player and founder of the Museo, proposed a new album to Giancarlo Golzi, made of totally new tracks. Merogno, Galifi  and Corradi did not join in. In 1999,  the band released the concept album "EXIT" with Marco Balbo (guitar), Marioluca Bariona  (keyboards)  and Andrea Biancheri (vocals). 
In 2002, the Museo accepted the offer from the Finnish magazine "Colossus" to participate to the transposition in rock music of the poem  "Kalevala". The same band members from the album Exit with a new member, Andrea Pavan (bass), recorded the short suite "Fiore di vendetta".
In 2012, Moreno and Golzi were joined by Galifi, singer of the 1970s' band, guitarists Max Borelli and Sandro Libra, and keyboardist Fabio Meggetto. Moreno worked at mellotron and synthesizer sounds, leaving the bassist role to Andy Senis. This band released the album Zarathustra - Live in studio in October 2012.
April 2013: Museo Rosenbach played for the first time the new concept album Barbarica, in Tokyo, at the "Italian Progressive Festival". From this performance, in march 2014 the band released the live album Live In Tokyo.

</doc>
<doc id="2898260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898260" title="Century (disambiguation)">
Century (disambiguation)

Century is a unit of 100 years.
Century may refer to, or be used, in the following ways:

</doc>
<doc id="2898274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898274" title="Banaroo">
Banaroo

Banaroo is a German pop group. They had several successful singles in countries including Germany, Austria and Switzerland. 
The group consisted of Robbert "Bobby" Dessauvagie, Vittorio "Vito" Magro, Stefanie "Steffy" Dreyer and Kathrin "Cat“ Geißler. The group was relaunched in 2013 with new members Doro Farkas, Laura Luppino, Alvin Philipps and Daniel Langer. The group went on hiatus on November 6th, 2013 due to Doro and Alvin leaving the group. Banaroo may return sometime in the future.
2005.
"Banaroo's World".
Banaroo released their debut single "Dubi Dam Dam" on June 5, 2005. The single achieved huge success. It charted in four countries, three of which it charted in the top five. It peaked at number two in both Germany and Austria.
In July 2005, Banaroo released their debut album "Banaroo's World". The album charted at number one in both Germany and Austria. It also charted at number seven in the Swiss charts. It was certified platinum in Germany, and certified Gold in both Austria and Switzerland.
Banaroo's second single from the album, "Space Cowboy", was released across Europe in August 2005. Not as successful as "Dubi Dam Dam", it still however charted at number five in Germany and in the top twenty in Austria and Switzerland.
"Christmas World".
Banaroo returned on November 11, 2005 with their third single, "Coming Home For Christmas". It failed to do as well as previous singles, however it still made the top ten in Germany, Austria and Switzerland.
In December 2005, Banaroo released their second album, "Christmas World". The album, despite its name, did not include just Christmas songs. The album debuted at #12 on the German charts on December 9, 2005.
2006.
"Amazing".
In February 2006, Banaroo returned with their fourth single "Uh Mamma". It charted in the top ten in Germany and Austria. In Switzerland it reached #11.
They released their third album "Amazing" on March 24, 2006. It charted at #2 in Austria and was certified Gold. It charted at #6 in Germany and #25 in Switzerland.
"Sing and Move (La La La Laaaa)" was the second and last single from the album. It was released June 27, 2006. It failed to match the success of previous singles, not making the top twenty and only reaching a peak of #51.
2007.
"Fly Away".
Having been away from the music scene for nearly nine months, Banaroo returned with "Ba Yonga Wamba". It was released March 23, 2007, and also failed to match the success of previous singles, although it did chart higher than "Sing and Move (La La La Laaaa)". The song also managed to chart in the top thirty in Germany and Austria.
They released their seventh and last single "I'll Fly Away" on May 4, 2007. It only reached number 84 in Germany.
Banaroo released their fourth and last studio album "Fly Away" on July 4, 2007. Failing to do as well as previous albums, it still charted at #24 in Germany.
"The Best of Banaroo".
On October 19, 2007, Banaroo released their greatest hits album "The Best of Banaroo" featuring 18 songs from their four albums, plus two new songs. The album failed to chart.
Minor release in Australia.
"Dubi Dam Dam" was released in Australia in April 2007, but failed to chart; this possibly being the reason why no more Banaroo CD's were released in Australia ever since.
Breakup.
After the release of "The Best of Banaroo", Banaroo disappeared from the music world. It was confirmed in 2008 that they would not be releasing any more music and that they had broken up.
2013.
In 2013, Na Klar! held a casting in Germany to pick four new members for Banaroo. The members chosen are Doro, Laura, Alvin, and Daniel. They will continue on the success of Banaroo, considering the past members of Banaroo are now busy with their own solo careers. Banaroo plans to release new material, particularly in the same Banaroo style, in 2013.
The first new single, a new version of their hit single "Dubi Dam Dam", will be released on May 17 as the first single from their upcoming new studio album titled "Bubblegum World", which will include remakes of old songs by Banaroo, as well as brand new songs by the group.
Their fifth studio album "Bubblegum World" was released on June 7, 2013.
After completing their tour in October, on November 6, Laura Luppino announced that Banaroo would be disbanding a second time, as the members had different ideas for Banaroo's future and that it would be impossible for them to continue together. It is unknown at this point if new members will be selected or not. The management of Banaroo has yet to comment on the sudden disbandment.
Recently, it was also confirmed by some fans of Banaroo that the members had said they were planning to release a Christmas single, however, this single was never released due to their disbandment in November 2013. Their producer Oliver DeVille also confirmed that, while this was the plan, the single was never even recorded due to the sudden disbandment.
2014.
It has been announced that Banaroo isn't completely disbanded, rather on hiatus for now, as Doro and Alvin decided to leave Banaroo after 2013. Laura and Daniel, however, have not left Banaroo and are currently still members, according to Oliver DeVille. It is a possibility that with fan support, Banaroo may return sometime in 2014 with Laura, Daniel and two new members, but nothing has been made official just yet.

</doc>
<doc id="2898275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898275" title="Ibrahima Bakayoko">
Ibrahima Bakayoko

Ibrahima Bakayoko (born 31 December 1976 in Séguéla) is an Ivorian footballer who is currently playing for the French side Stade Bordelais.
Club career.
Playing in France with Montpellier Hérault Sport Club, Bakayoko was rated highly enough by then Everton manager Walter Smith that Smith was willing to pay £4.5m for Bakayoko's services in October 1998. However, he failed to impress in the 23 games he played, only finding the net 4 times in the league (7 times in all competitions). A brief highlight was scoring twice as Everton beat Blackburn Rovers 2–1 at Ewood Park. Everton fans referred to Bakayoko affectionately as 'Baka-joke-o' due to his appalling performance on the football field and also "Back O the Echo" after the local daily newspaper. He was sold for £4m in June 1999 to Olympique de Marseille.
A spell in Spain with Osasuna followed, before Bakayoko returned for a third spell in France, this time representing FC Istres, before he moved over the Alps to Italy, first with Livorno and then with Messina. On 28 January 2007 he played his first Serie A match for Messina against Ascoli.
In the summer of 2007 he joined Greek Superleague outfit AE Larissa. On 20 September 2007 he scored from 30 yards for his new side in the UEFA Cup first round first leg against English Premiership side Blackburn. On 19 June 2008 he joined PAOK for a year.
Following a short transfer thriller after his contract expired, Bakayoko signed a two-years contract for the newly promoted PAS Giannina on 27 July 2009.
International career.
Bakayoko is a former international for Côte d'Ivoire. He made his first appearance for "The Elephants" in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="2898282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898282" title="Francis Howgill">
Francis Howgill

Francis Howgill (1618 – 20 November 1668) was a prominent early member of the Religious Society of Friends (Quakers) in England. He preached and wrote on the teachings of the Friends and is considered one of the Valiant Sixty—men and women who were early proponents of Friends beliefs and who suffered for those beliefs.
Life.
Howgill was born around 1618, probably of yeoman parents, in Todthorne, near Grayrigg, Westmorland in northern England. He probably made his living as a farmer and a tailor. He studied theology and in 1652 became a minister of the established church in Colton. He explored the teachings of the Anabaptists, the Independents, Seekers and Baptists: but shortly after, he and John Audland (another minister) encountered George Fox, an early leader in the Friends movement, preaching on Firbank Fell and were convinced. Soon after Howgill was imprisoned in Appleby-in-Westmorland for refusing to remove his hat when appearing in court in defence of James Nayler.
Afterwards he met Edward Burrough. The two spread the Quaker message together and became close friends. They established the Religious Society of Friends in London and also worked in Bristol and Ireland. Howgill published " A Woe Against the Magistrates, Priests, and People of Kendall", (1654) endorsing the Quaker practice of "going naked as a sign". The Quakers in London came under the influence of Nayler and when Fox parted company with him in 1656, Howgill tried, unsuccessfully, to bring about a reconciliation. In 1657 he was in Scotland, and in 1661 he was in prison in London.
Howgill was married first to a woman named Dorothy. After her death in 1657 he married Mary, who is counted, along with him, as one of the Valiant Sixty, a group of early Quaker preachers and missionaries. After the Restoration he claimed, in his tract "One Warning More" (1660), that the nation had "chosen madness". In 1663 he refused to swear the oath of allegiance to the crown and was sentenced to life imprisonment at Appleby. During that time people came to support him and to seek advice. but his "General Epistle" (1665) showed pessimism as to any Quaker triumph over adversity. He became sick in prison and died on 11 February 1669. In 1676 a collection of his writings, "The Dawnings of the Gospel-Day, and its Light and Glory Discovered", was published.

</doc>
<doc id="2898286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898286" title="Salomo Glassius">
Salomo Glassius

Salomo Glassius (; 20 May 1593 – 27 July 1656) was a German theologian and biblical critic born at Sondershausen, in the principality of Schwarzburg-Sondershausen.
In 1612 he entered the University of Jena. In 1615, with the idea of studying law, he moved to Wittenberg. In consequence of an illness, however, he returned to Jena after a year. Here, as a student of theology under Johann Gerhard, he directed his attention especially to Hebrew and the cognate dialects; in 1619 he was made an adjunctus of the philosophical faculty, and some time afterwards he received an appointment to the chair of Hebrew.
From 1625 to 1638 he was superintendent in Sondershausen; but shortly after the death of Gerhard (1637) he was, in accordance with Gerhard's last wish, appointed to succeed him at Jena. In 1640, however, at the earnest invitation of Duke Ernest the Pious, he removed to Gotha as court preacher and general superintendent in the execution of important reforms which had been initiated in the ecclesiastical and educational establishments of the Duchy. The delicate duties attached to this office he discharged with tact and energy; and in the Syncretistic Controversy, by which Protestant Germany was so long vexed, he showed an unusual combination of firmness with liberality, of loyalty to the past with a just regard to the demands of the present and the future.
His principal work, "Philologia sacra" (1623), marks the transition from the earlier views on questions of biblical criticism to those of the school of Spener. It was more than once reprinted during his lifetime, and appeared in a new and revised form, edited by J. A. Dathe (1731-1791) and G. L. Bauer at Leipzig. Glassius succeeded Gerhard as editor of the "Weimar Bibelwerk", and wrote the commentary on the poetical books of the Old Testament for that publication. A volume of his "Opuscula" was printed at Leiden in 1700.
Glassius died in Gotha.

</doc>
<doc id="2898290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898290" title="Neva Abelson">
Neva Abelson

Neva Martin Abelson (November 19, 1910 – September 26, 2000) was a distinguished research physician who co-discovered the life-saving blood test for the Rh blood factor (with Louis K. Diamond). 
She graduated from Washington State University with a B.S. degree in chemistry. After medical school she became a pediatrician. Her research at the University of Pennsylvania, where she was a professor of clinical pathology, involved blood groups, blood diseases of infants, and the pathogenesis of rheumatoid arthritis. She published a book, "Topics in Blood Banking", in 1974. She received the Emily Cooley Memorial Award from the American Association of Blood Banks. 
She was married to Philip Abelson (1913–2004), a physicist, science writer and longtime editor of "Science" magazine. 
Their daughter, Ellen Abelson Cherniavsky, now retired, worked as an aviation researcher at The MITRE Corporation in Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="2898296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898296" title="RNAS Merryfield">
RNAS Merryfield

Royal Naval Air Station Merryfield is an air station of the Royal Navy's Fleet Air Arm located northwest of Ilminster, Somerset and southeast of Taunton, Somerset, England.
History.
The following squadrons were posted here at some point:
Current use.
The site is mainly used for helicopter exercises and they are a large number of lettered helicopter landing spots spread across the site on the taxiways.

</doc>
<doc id="2898307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898307" title="Paul the Silentiary">
Paul the Silentiary

Paul the Silentiary, also known as Paulus Silentiarius (, d. Constantinople, 575-580 AD), was a Greek poet. His contemporary, the historian and poet Agathias, describes him as a rich man and a 'Silentiary' or palace official of Justinian I at Constantinople. (This title has been taken to indicate that he was responsible for silence in the palace.)
Paul is best known and most admired for his short poems in the classical tradition, about 80 of which have been preserved in the Greek Anthology. Forty of these are love poems. Two are replies to poems by Agathias; in another Paul laments the death of Damocharis of Cos, Agathias's favorite pupil. These short poems also contain interesting social information.
He also composed in verse an ecphrasis or evocative account of Justinian's cathedral of the Holy Wisdom (Hagia Sophia), describing its architecture and decoration after the reconstruction of the dome in 562. Paul sees the church as a 'meadow' of many-coloured marbles, and helps us to imagine the church before its many subsequent remodellings. The poem was probably commissioned by Justinian himself, and Paul had to read verses to the emperor through the inauguration. It consists of 1029 verses in Greek, starting with 134 lines of iambic trimeter, with the remainder in the classical meter of epic, dactylic hexameter.
He also wrote a poem about the hot springs at Pythia.
Paul died some time between 575 and 580.

</doc>
<doc id="2898309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898309" title="Ruth Simmons">
Ruth Simmons

Ruth Simmons (born Ruth Jean Stubblefield; July 3, 1945) was the 18th president of Brown University, the first black president of an Ivy League institution. Simmons was elected Brown's first female president in November 2000. Simmons assumed office in fall of 2001.
Simmons holds appointments as a professor in the Departments of Comparative Literature and Africana Studies. In 2002, "Newsweek" selected her as a Ms. Woman of the Year, while in 2001, "Time" named her as America's best college president. According to a March 2009 poll by "The Brown Daily Herald", Simmons had more than an 80% approval rating among Brown undergraduates.
On September 15, 2011, President Simmons announced that she planned to step down from the Brown presidency at the end of the academic year, June 30, 2012. After a short leave, she plans to continue at Brown as Professor of Comparative Literature and Africana Studies.
Early life and education.
Simmons was born in Grapeland, Texas, the last of 12 children of Fanny ("née" Campbell) and Isaac Stubblefield. She earned her bachelor's degree, on scholarship, from Dillard University in New Orleans, Louisiana, in 1967. She went on to earn her master's and doctorate in Romance literature from Harvard University in 1970 and 1973, respectively.
Academic positions.
Simmons's first positions in academic administration were at the University of Southern California, starting in 1979 as assistant dean of graduate studies, and then as associate dean of graduate studies. She was a professor of Romance languages and became a dean at Princeton University from 1983 to 1990. She served as provost at Spelman College from 1990 to 1992.
Smith College presidency.
In 1995 Simmons became the first African-American woman to head a major college or university when she was selected as president of Smith College, which she led until 2001. As president of Smith College, Simmons started the engineering program.
Brown University presidency.
Ruth Simmons became president of Brown in 2001. At Brown, she completed an ambitious $1.4 billion initiative - the largest in Brown's history - known as "Boldly Brown: The Campaign for Academic Enrichment" in order to enhance Brown’s academic programs. In 2005, President Simmons earned enough confidence in her leadership of Brown to motivate philanthropist and former Brown student Sidney E. Frank to make the largest aggregate monetary contribution to Brown in its entire history in the amount of $120 million. The Frank gift was principally devoted to scholarship assistance to Brown students and to Brown's programs in the sciences. By early 2007, President Simmons had earned the confidence of philanthropist Warren Alpert who made a similarly generous contribution to strengthen the programs of The Warren Alpert Medical School of Brown University in the amount of $100 million, matching the core portion of the Sidney Frank gift to Brown. As reported in a May 22, 2009, press release, Brown chancellor Thomas J. Tisch announced early accomplishment of the $1.4 billion fundraising campaign and the continued pursuit of specific subsidiary goals in support of endowments for student scholarships, the Brown faculty and internationalization programs through the originally planned campaign completion date of December 31, 2010.
In a 2006 orientation meeting with parents, Simmons denied interest in the presidency of Harvard University, which at the time was headed by an interim president, Derek Bok. Nevertheless, a 2007 "New York Times" article, featuring a photograph of Simmons, reported that the Harvard Corporation, responsible for selecting the university's replacement for former president Lawrence Summers, had been given a list of "potential candidates" that included her name.
In August 2007, President Simmons was invited to deliver the 60th Annual Reading of the historic 1790 George Washington at the Synagogue in Newport, Rhode Island in response to Moses Seixas on the subject of religious pluralism.
In September 2011, Simmons announced that she would step down from her position as Brown President at the end of the 2011-12 academic year, remaining at Brown as a professor of comparative literature and Africana studies.
Goldman Sachs.
Ruth Simmons' salary of over $300,000 at Goldman Sachs during the time of the late-2000s financial crisis was cited in "Inside Job" (2010), which won the Academy Award, as an example of conflicts of interest between institutions of higher learning impartiality in economics departments due to her position of President of Brown University.
Transnational initiatives at Brown.
President Simmons has made internationalization a strategic priority for Brown to better prepare its students for the challenges and opportunities of an increasingly interconnected world. She currently leads an international agenda that seeks to ensure that Brown students are well prepared for lives and careers that will increasingly have an international dimension; to enable the University effectively to compete for the best students and faculty available for transnational scholarly collaborations; to enhance Brown’s position in addressing global problems; to provide transnational professional development opportunities to young leaders educated at Brown; and to undertake strong dialog with peer institutions in other countries.
As the wealth that the founding Brown family contributed to the university was based in part on the triangular slave trade, in 2003 Simmons established the University Steering Committee on Slavery and Justice to examine this complex history and make recommendations for how the university might approach the relevant issues. The "Report of the Brown University Steering Committee on Slavery and Justice" was subsequently published. On February 16, 2007 at an event celebrating the 200-year anniversary of the passage of the Slave Trade Act of 1807 and the involvement of Cambridge University alumni William Wilberforce, Thomas Clarkson and William Pitt the Younger, Simmons delivered a lecture at St. John's College, Cambridge entitled "Hidden in Plain Sight: Slavery and Justice in Rhode Island". Also in February 2007, Brown University published its official "Response to the Report of the Steering Committee on Slavery and Justice" following completion of the historic inquiry undertaken by the committee appointed by President Simmons. The bicentenary of the British abolition of the slave trade was also commemorated at Oxford University, notably at Rhodes House.
In October 2007, Simmons appointed David W. Kennedy, the former Manley O. Hudson Professor of Law at Harvard Law School as vice president for international affairs. In addition to supporting the leadership of the Watson Institute for International Studies, the new university officer will lead a multidisciplinary advanced research project in the field of global law, governance and social thought to strengthen the University’s international work in the social sciences.
As an additional element of President Simmons’ leadership of Brown’s international efforts, Brown and Banco Santander of Spain inaugurated an annual series of International Advanced Research Institutes to convene a rising generation of scholars from emerging and developing countries at Brown in a signing ceremony on November 13, 2008, at the John Hay Library between Brown provost David Kertzer and Emilio Botin, chairman of Banco Santander. As noted by President Simmons: "To be at the forefront of research today means being in conversation with global peers. The Brown Institutes provide exciting opportunities to encounter new ideas, build collegial relationships and enrich faculty development for young scholars and teachers from around the world."
In March 2010, President Simmons traveled to India as part of a major program called the Year of India which is dedicated to the improvement of understanding of Indian history, politics, education and culture among Brown students and faculty.
President Simmons has been invited to participate in meetings of global leaders organized by the Clinton Global Initiative and the World Economic Forum at Davos.
Civic activities.
Simmons is a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, the American Philosophical Society, and the Council on Foreign Relations. She has served as chair of the Council of Ivy Group Presidents and is an honorary fellow of Selwyn College, Cambridge.
Simmons also serves on the boards of Texas Instruments and Goldman Sachs. She announced in 2007 that she would not seek re-election to the board of directors of Pfizer after serving on the board for 10 years.
On June 17, 2009, The White House announced that President Barack Obama had appointed Dr. Simmons to the President's Commission on White House Fellowships.
In February 2010, Simmons received a BET Honors award for her service as president of Brown University. She accepted the Honor along with other nominees, including Sean Combs, Queen Latifah, and music legend Whitney Houston at a ceremony in Washington, D.C.
In 2010, she was awarded the Ellis Island Medal of Honor for her many humanitarian efforts.

</doc>
<doc id="2898314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898314" title="British Rail Class 22">
British Rail Class 22

The British Rail Class 22 or "Baby Warship" was a class of diesel-hydraulic locomotives designed for the Western Region of British Railways and built by the North British Locomotive Company. They were very similar in appearance to the Class 21 diesel-electrics. The nickname "Baby Warship" related to the similarity in appearance (and internal equipment) to the British Rail Class D20/2 or Class 41 "Warship Class".
History.
Introduction.
D6300 was introduced to traffic in 1959 and deliveries continued through until 1962. The Class 22s were allocated to Bristol Bath Road, Laira Plymouth, Newton Abbot and Old Oak Common. The majority of the class always operated in the West of England, on a range of local passenger and freight work, with smaller numbers of the later units operating on local work in the Bristol and around London Paddington (notably moving empty carriages between the main station and Old Oak Common yard).
Availability.
Initially the locomotives had some problems with engine and transmission faults, but could be returned to North British Locomotive Works (NBL) for repair under the contractual agreement. By 1961, reliability had improved. With the more powerful Hymeks and Warships being available, the locomotives were displaced onto more secondary lines. By the mid 1960s, the locos had settled down to give reliable service, with availability over 85%.
Decline.
NBL went bankrupt in 1962 and, by the late 1960s, withdrawn locomotives were being used to provide spares. Attrition was inevitable and the withdrawals, which had commenced in 1967, finished with the withdrawal of 6333, 6336, 6338 and 6339 in December 1971. Ex-London Midland Region Class 25 diesel-electrics were drafted in as replacements. One Locomotive (D6319) was purchased by a private individual from BR, but it was cut up at Swindon before the buyer could retrieve it. Class 42 D821 "Greyhound" was offered instead and became the first ex-BR diesel locomotive to enter preservation.
An engine from 6332 has been preserved in full working order, rediscovered some 40 years later.
Livery.
The NBL type 2s were introduced in all-over green livery with a light grey skirt band, mid-grey roof, red buffer beams and black underframe. Numbers appeared below all four cab windows and the BR 'lion and wheel' emblem was placed high on the bodyside as centrally as possible. Later a small yellow warning was added. From 1967 some locos were repainted in the new corporate rail blue livery. The first four repaints, D6300, D6303, D6314 and D6327 had small yellow warning panels which they retained until withdrawal, later blue repaints had full yellow ends. Only about half the class were repainted into blue.The B.R. logo was placed immediately below each cab window, with the loco number below this; on some locos this was reversed.
Models.
Dapol released a 00 gauge model of the class 22 in late 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="2898316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898316" title="Beinn Shiantaidh">
Beinn Shiantaidh

Beinn Shiantaidh (Gaelic: "holy mountain") is the second highest peak of the Paps of Jura on the island of Jura, Scotland. It stands at 757 metres above sea level, and with over 300 metres of relative height is therefore a Graham.

</doc>
<doc id="2898317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898317" title="Richard Revesz">
Richard Revesz

Richard L. "Ricky" Revesz (born May 9, 1958) is the Director of the American Law Institute and a law professor and dean emeritus at the New York University School of Law. He is one of the nation's leading experts on environmental law, regulatory law and policy.
Early life, Education.
Born in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Richard Revesz graduated "summa cum laude" in Civil Engineering and Public Affairs from Princeton University and received an M.S. in Civil Engineering from Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He continued his studies at Yale Law School, where he was editor-in-chief of "Yale Law Journal". Upon graduation, he clerked first for Chief Judge Wilfred Feinberg of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit and then clerked for U.S. Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall, where he met his wife, Vicki Been who was also clerking at the Supreme Court, for Justice Harry Blackmun. 
Academic Career.
Revesz began his academic career in 1985, joining the faculty of NYU Law as an assistant professor. By 1990, he was a full professor of law, teaching Environmental and Administrative Law. In 2001, he was named Lawrence King Professor of Law and, a year later, he succeeded John Sexton as dean. He stepped down as dean after 11 years in May 2013. Revesz also has been a visiting professor at Princeton's Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs, Harvard Law School, Yale Law School, and the Graduate Institute of International Studies in Geneva, Switzerland.
Notable Scholarship.
An influential thinker in the area of environmental and regulatory law and policy, Revesz has published numerous books and articles in major law reviews and journals, focusing on federalism and environmental regulation, the design of liability rules for environmental protection and the role of cost-benefit analysis in shaping administrative and environmental regulation. His most recent book, "Retaking Rationality: How Cost Benefit Analysis Can Better Protect the Environment and Our Health", which he co-authored with Michael A. Livermore, argues that the economic analysis of the law could be used by environmentalists and other progressive groups to strengthen environmental and public health policy and regulations. 
After the book was published in 2008, Revesz and Livermore co-founded the Institute for Policy Integrity, a NYU Law-affiliated advocacy organization and think-tank dedicated to improving the quality of governmental decision-making. Established in the last few months of George W. Bush's presidency, the institute quickly got in the news for spotlighting the Bush administration's rush to adopt a raft of controversial regulations, known as "midnight regulations". Since then, Revesz has published several op-eds on a variety of environmental and regulatory issues, from the economic costs to offshore oil drilling to sector carbon pricing.
Throughout Revesz's career, he has played an active role in shaping environmental public policy and regulations. He has served as a member of the Council on Foreign Relations, a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, and a member of the Environmental Economics Advisory Committee of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's Science Advisory Board, among other organizations. In 1994 and 2007, he received the American Bar Association award for best article or book on administrative law and regulatory practice.
Tenure as NYU Law School Dean.
During his tenure as dean at NYU Law, Revesz enhanced the school’s historic commitment to public interest law, institutionalizing funding opportunities that enable greater numbers of students to pursue public interest work. He also completed a successful campaign to endow the prestigious Root-Tilden-Kern Scholarship Program, restoring the program to its full strength of 20 full-tuition scholarships a year, and more than tripled the size of the AnBryce Scholarship Program, enabling more students from socioeconomically disadvantaged backgrounds to pursue a legal education and furthering the institution’s mission to promote diversity in the legal profession. Revesz oversaw numerous innovations in the NYU Law curriculum, including the introduction of an Administrative and Regulatory State course in the first-year and the implementation of a first-year elective. The Jacobson Leadership Program in Law and Business was designed to train future entrepreneurs and leaders of business in cooperation with NYU’s Stern School of Business and offers a wealth of transactional courses to teach students the art of deal making in a number of industries. Revesz also completed an ambitious capital campaign that raised $415 million to support the institution’s educational mission.
Personal.
Richard Revesz lives with his wife, Vicki L. Been, and their two children in New York City, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="2898319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898319" title="Beinn a' Chaolais">
Beinn a' Chaolais

Beinn a' Chaolais (Gaelic: "mountain of the sound or strait") is the lowest peak of the Paps of Jura on the island of Jura, Scotland. It stands at 733 metres above sea level, and with over 300 metres of relative height is therefore a Graham.

</doc>
<doc id="2898329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898329" title="Bore Lee">
Bore Lee

Boris Ivković (born c. 1971), better known by his stage name Bore Lee, is a Croatian martial arts enthusiast, amateur filmmaker and actor from Sinj.
Shipbuilder by trade and a great fan of Bruce Lee, he studied martial arts from an early age. In 1994 he began displaying his skills on short low budget martial arts films that were recorded on a VHS camera. Gradually, those films became underground sensations in his native town of Sinj and the shooting of these films on city streets became a popular spectacle.
Bore Lee's fame reached Zagreb when a group of four filmmakers - Mario Kovač, Krešimir Pauk, Ivan Ramljak and Andy Kuljiš - decided to make a film with Bore, titled "Bore Lee - U Kandžama Velegrada" (""In the Claws of the Big Z"") in 2004, a low budget martial arts parody that later turned out to be the most popular trash film in Croatian cinema.
In 2005, once again with the same 4 filmmakers and this time with a slightly better low budget, Bore Lee appeared in his 8th film titled "Čuvaj se Sinjske Ruke!" ("Deadly Sinjs!").

</doc>
<doc id="2898335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898335" title="Al-Arkam school">
Al-Arkam school

Al-Arkam school () is a school in Gaza City which was established by Hamas leader Sheikh Ahmed Yassin. In September, 2005, it was partially destroyed in an airstrike carried out by Israel in retaliation for rocket attacks launched by Palestinian militants.

</doc>
<doc id="2898337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898337" title="Disaccharidase">
Disaccharidase

Disaccharidases are glycoside hydrolases, enzymes that break down certain types of sugars called disaccharides into simpler sugars called monosaccharides. A genetic defect in one of these enzymes will cause a disaccharide intolerance, such as lactose intolerance or sucrose intolerance.
Examples of disaccharidases.
For a thorough scientific overview of small-intestinal disaccharidases, one can consult chapter 75 of OMMBID. For more online resources and references, see inborn error of metabolism.

</doc>
<doc id="2898338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898338" title="M.O.D.">
M.O.D.

M.O.D. (Method of Destruction) is a crossover thrash band from New York City, fronted by former Anthrax roadie and Stormtroopers of Death vocalist Billy Milano. The band has been around for years (minus one hiatus from 1997 to 2001), and released eight studio albums. With M.O.D., Milano sought to continue on the musical path of the bands Anthrax, Stormtroopers of Death and Nuclear Assault, mixing shades of hardcore punk with thrash metal and often humorous and politically incorrect lyrics.
History.
First four albums (1986–1993).
"U.S.A. for M.O.D.", the band's debut album, was produced by S.O.D. bandmate and Anthrax guitarist Scott Ian. The first track, "Aren't You Hungry?", a reworking of an unrecorded S.O.D. song, is notable for the lyric "fuck those niggers' charity," referring to the then-common famine relief activism such as We Are the World. Later the band apologized admitting Rock and Roll was actually a black music. 
M.O.D.'s second effort, "Surfin' M.O.D.", was an anomaly, featuring little thrash metal, focusing more on humorous cover songs and a beach party atmosphere. The band would return to their roots on "Gross Misconduct", as well as further expand their sound on "Rhythm of Fear". It was around this time that Milano performed a reunion show with S.O.D. at The Ritz in New York.
"Devolution", "Dictated Aggression" and hiatus (1994–1999).
The following releases, "Devolution" and "Dictated Aggression", suffered from poor distribution and going out of print, despite Milano's heavier style and more serious lyrics. The albums were eventually reissued on Blackout Records in 2004.
Following M.O.D.'s split in 1997, Milano reformed S.O.D., who released a subsequent album, "Bigger than the Devil", in 1999.
Reunions (2001–present).
In 2001, Milano reformed M.O.D. with a new lineup, and two years later, released "The Rebel You Love to Hate", somewhat of a return to Milano's humorous past with jabs at white suburban rap fans and the War on Terrorism. M.O.D. relocated to Austin, Texas, and released the album "Red, White & Screwed" in October 2007 through Index Entertainment, and launched a supporting tour in summer 2008. The band played its final touring show in the United States on September 13, 2008, however the band still performs periodically (mostly in Austin, TX, where Billy currently resides).
In May 2013, Milano announced a 25th Anniversary Tour dubbed "The Mexicans On Duty Tour" featuring the band's new lineup. 
M.O.D. is currently working on a new album. They are also offering a free download of a new song, entitled "Hermano".

</doc>
<doc id="2898358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898358" title="Susan Ip">
Susan Ip

Susan Ip () is a Cantonese-speaking television journalist in Canada who works as a co-anchor on "Omni News: Cantonese Edition" alongside Stanley So on Toronto, Ontario's OMNI.2.
In the 1980s, Ip was a weather presenter on TVB in Hong Kong.
She joined Omni Television (formerly branded as CFMT) in the 1990s, and is co-anchor on the station's Cantonese newscast.

</doc>
<doc id="2898359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898359" title="Cycling glove">
Cycling glove

Cycling gloves are gloves designed for cycling. They fulfill many functions, including: warmth, comfort and protection.
Basic functionality.
Warmth.
Gloves are frequently used to keep the hands warm, a function that is particularly necessary when cycling in cold weather. The design of most modern bicycles is such that the rider's hands remain on the handlebars while cycling, a position that leaves them exposed to weather. The hands are also relatively inactive, and do not have a great deal of muscle mass, which also contributes to the possibility of chill. Gloves are therefore vital for insulating the hands from cold, wind, and evaporative cooling while riding a bicycle.
Comfort.
Cycling places a good deal of stress on the hands, in the form of prolonged pressure against handlebars and transmission of sudden road shocks through handlebars to the hands. The severity of discomfort can be mitigated somewhat by riding position, but is essentially inherent in most designs of upright bicycle. However, choice of weight distribution between the saddle and handlebars is usually determined by other factors, such as aerodynamics, control and long-term comfort. Padded gloves or handlebar grips are therefore useful to increase comfort for a given geometry.
However, excess padding can lead to other problems. Normally the hands will rest on the bones in the heel of the hand - too much padding will tend to press on the soft tissues between these and can compress the nerves in the hands, causing something akin to carpal tunnel syndrome.
Face and nose wiping.
Cyclists often deal with perspiration and nose running on a constant basis. Because clothes and paper tissues may be difficult and time-consuming to use during cycling, many cyclists have resorted to using the backs of their gloves to wipe the sweat from their faces and the nasal mucous that drips from their noses. Many modern cycling gloves come with a built in "nose wipe" on the back of the hand, typically on the thumb or forefinger or both. Aftermarket fabric nose wipes that slip onto the back of the hand or wrist of the glove are also preferred by some cyclists.
Protection.
Putting a hand out to break a fall is a natural reaction. However, the hands are one of the more difficult parts of the body to repair. There is little or no spare skin, and immobilising the hands sufficiently to promote healing involves significant inconvenience to the patient. So, many cyclists choose to wear gloves all year round to help avoid skin damage in a fall.
Buying gloves.
Gloves should fit snugly but not be tight. One should consider the length of the fingers as the fingertips can become very cold if the glove's fingers are not long enough. Ideally the glove should be loose on the fingers and fit comfortably around the palm. A tight glove will tend to restrict blood flow and make the hand cold. In very cold weather it is often advisable to follow the skier's practice of thin inner gloves and outer padded waterproof mittens. Silk inner gloves are exceptionally warm and can usually be sourced from mountaineering and other outdoor sports shops.
Care of gloves.
Sweat from hands can make one's gloves become unpleasant quite quickly, so it is best to store them so that air can circulate inside if at all possible (for example on a radiator). After a wet or hard ride it may be best to turn them inside-out to dry. Leather gloves can be washed in cool water and are reportedly best dried out on the hands.

</doc>
<doc id="2898360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898360" title="RNAS Portland (HMS Osprey)">
RNAS Portland (HMS Osprey)

RNAS Portland (ICAO: EGDP) was an air station of the Royal Navy from 1917. 
The site was first built in 1917 as HMS Sarepta within the confines of Portland Harbour as a seaplane base; the aircraft operating from the base's slipways. In 1919 No. 241 Squadron RAF (formed from RNAS flights operating there in 1918) was disbanded and aviation operations ceased.
In 1946, Hoverfly R-4Bs moved in, the base's playing fields were taken over as a landing ground and it became the site of the modern heliport. 815 Naval Air Squadron flew its 12 Whirlwinds in from RNAS Eglinton on 14 April 1959 and the station was formally commissioned as HMS "Osprey" on 24 April 1959.
The base was gradually improved over the years, with the addition of a (short) main runway and landing spots. It has been the home of the small ships' flight Wasp, Wessex and Lynx fleet and at one point, the slipway was used by hovercraft.
As the base wound down, Flag Officer Sea Training (FOST) moved to Plymouth (HMS "Drake"). The Royal Navy closed HMS "Osprey" on 31 March 1999. The gates to the Air Station were finally "locked" on the 31st October 1999.
When HMS "Osprey" closed, the RN School of Helicopter Control moved to its new premises at HMS "Heron" (RNAS Yeovilton) and the Fleet Target Group moved to HMS "Seahawk" (RNAS Culdrose) and became 792 Naval Air Squadron in Nov 2001.
Portland is also famous for having one of the shortest runways (04/22 at 229 m) in England. Although the naval establishment has closed, the heliport remains available for the HM Coastguard SAR flight.
See also.
List of air stations of the Royal Navy

</doc>
<doc id="2898367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898367" title="Spanish City">
Spanish City

The Spanish City was a permanent funfair in Whitley Bay, a seaside town in North Tyneside, Tyne & Wear, England. Erected as a smaller version of Blackpool's Pleasure Beach, it opened in 1910 as a concert hall, restaurant, roof garden and tearoom. A ballroom was added in 1920, and later the funfair.
Just yards from the seafront, the Spanish City had a 180 ft-long (54.86m) Renaissance-style frontage, and became known for its distinctive dome, believed to have been the second-largest unsupported concrete dome in the UK when it was built, now a Grade 2 listed building. There are towers on either side of the entrance, each of which carries a half-life-size female bacchanalian figure in lead, one holding cymbals, the other a tambourine. The building's architects were Robert Burns Dick, Charles T. Marshall, and James Cackett.
The band Dire Straits immortalized the Spanish City in their 1980 hit single, "Tunnel of Love," which from then on was played every morning when the park opened. By the late 1990s the building had fallen into disrepair and was closed to the public in the early 2000s. In June 2011 ADP Architects won a commission to regenerate it with a plan that includes a 50-bed, four-star boutique hotel, 20 apartments, a 1950s diner and a pleasure garden. The intended completion date was 2014 but as of September 2013 work had halted due to a lack of funds and the council was planning a further application to the Heritage Lottery Fund for financial support.
History.
The resort located in the area before the building was erected became known informally as the Spanish City in 1904, when Charles Elderton, who ran Hebburn's Theatre Royal, brought his Toreadors concert party troupe to perform there.
The new pleasure palace was formally opened by Robert Mason, chair of the local council, on the evening of Saturday, 7 May 1910, and was called The Spanish City and Whitley Bay Pleasure Gardens. The Union Jack was flown at half mast because King Edward VII had died the previous day. The new building housed the 1400-capacity Empress theatre with a seating capacity of 1,400 on the floor and 400 on the balcony. There were also shops, cafes and roof gardens. The Empress Ballroom was added in 1920, and the Rotunda in 1921. In 1979 the Rotunda was converted into the starlight rooms for live entertainment.
The funfair was extremely popular, with fairground rides and amusements, including a "corkscrew" roller coaster – which was at Flamingoland in Yorkshire from 1983 to 2011, and is now in Luna Park in France – ghost train and waltzers, the House that Jack Built, and the Fun House. The Dome also housed an amusement arcade and later a Laser Quest Laser Tag arena. It was used as a classroom for pupils of Whitley Bay High School during a caretakers' strike in the 1980s, and later became a live music venue playing host to several bands, including an appearance by Ash in 2001.
In popular culture.
Dire Straits songwriter Mark Knopfler said in a television interview that the Spanish City held special significance for him as the first place he ever heard loud rock 'n' roll. Dire Straits refer to it in their 1980 song "Tunnel of Love": "Girl it looks so pretty to me / Like it always did / Like the Spanish City to me / When we were kids." For years the song was the unofficial theme song for the fairground, played every morning when the park opened.
Sting (Gordon Sumner), who was born near Newcastle, wrote in his memoir that he whiled away afternoons and evenings in the Spanish City's amusement arcades when he should have been studying for his A levels.
"Spanish City" (2002) is a novel by Sarah May, set in the fictional north-east town of Setton, home to an amusement park called the Spanish City. Sections of the Spanish City fairground feature in the video that accompanied Tina Cousins's song "Pray" (1998). It also makes a brief appearance in the film "The Likely Lads" (1976).
Spanish City features in the 2013 film The Cullercoats Fishlass, produced by local film company ACT 2 CAM. In the film, Charles Elderton tries to persuade the owners of Spanish City to let his troupe perform there, in spite of the Sunday licencing laws.

</doc>
<doc id="2898371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898371" title="Stanley So">
Stanley So

Stanley So () is a Cantonese-speaking television journalist in Canada. He began his broadcasting career in Hong Kong before moving to Toronto, and served in various capacities at Omni Television until his departure in 2012.
After graduating from the Sir Robert Black College of Education, Stanley So joined Hong Kong's Commercial Television in 1975 as a news reporter and anchor. He joined TVB News in 1978 following the demise of Commercial Television, and regularly presented the station's flagship "".
So left TVB in 1990 and moved to Toronto. He served as the news controller for Fairchild TV's Toronto division for a few years, before joining CFMT-TV (now Omni) in 1998 as the anchor and senior editor of the station's Cantonese newscast, as well as the station's public affairs officer. In addition, he has also presented a number of documentary segments at Omni.2, and hosted the Cantonese version of CBC's "". Concurrent with Omni's introduction of national newscasts, he became the chief anchor of "Omni News: Cantonese National Edition" in 2011, and served in that position until his final newscast on July 26, 2012.
He is involved in volunteer works in the community, and is the vice-chair of the board of directors of "Across U-hub", a youth organization serving the Chinese community as well as the other ethnic groups. He is married to Helen Lau with two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="2898374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898374" title="Margaret Weston">
Margaret Weston

Dame Margaret Kate Weston, DBE, FMA (born 7 March 1926) was the Director of the Science Museum, London, UK.
Life.
Margaret Weston was born in Oakridge, Gloucestershire, the daughter of a headmaster and educated at Stroud High School.
Margaret Weston spent much of her life at the Science Museum in London, rising to Director at the end of her career from 1973 to 1986, succeeding Sir David Follett. She was instrumental in establishing the National Museum of Photography, Film and Television (now the National Media Museum) in Bradford during the early 1980s. In 1984 she was invited to deliver the MacMillan Memorial Lecture to the Institution of Engineers and Shipbuilders in Scotland. She chose the subject 'The Science Museum and Change - Over the last Thirty Years'.
She is the Patron of the Heritage Railways Association
Honours.
Margaret Weston was appointed a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE). She is also a Fellow of the Museums Association (FMA).

</doc>
<doc id="2898379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898379" title="Top Heatseekers">
Top Heatseekers

Top Heatseekers refers to either of two separate "Breaking and Entering" music charts issued weekly by "Billboard" Magazine: the Heatseekers Albums chart or the Heatseekers Songs chart. They were introduced by "Billboard" in 1991 with the purpose of highlighting the sales by new and developing musical recording artists. Albums and songs appearing on Top Heatseekers may also concurrently appear on the "Billboard" 200 or "Billboard" Hot 100.
Heatseekers Albums chart.
The Heatseekers Albums chart contains 50 positions that ranked by Nielsen SoundScan sales data, and charts album titles from "new or developing acts", which is determined by the act's historical chart performance. Once an artist has had an album place in the top 100 of the "Billboard" Top 200, or in the top ten of any of Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, Country Albums, Latin Albums, Christian Albums, or Gospel Albums, the album and later works no longer qualify for tracking on Heatseeker Albums.
Many artists have bypassed Top Heatseekers altogether by having their initial chart entry debut on the "Billboard" 200 at position 100 or above.
Heatseekers Songs chart.
The Heatseekers Songs chart contains 50 positions, rated by a combination of Nielsen BDS airplay measurements, Nielsen SoundScan sales data, and streaming activity figures from online music sources. Like Heatseekers Albums, this chart tracks titles from "new or developing acts", similarly determined by the act's historical chart performance. An artist's song is no longer eligible for Heatseekers Songs when the artist has had a song place in the top 50 of the "Billboard" Hot 100 (or of radio songs before December 5, 1998).

</doc>
<doc id="2898385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898385" title="Whickham">
Whickham

Whickham is a small, prosperous commuter town in North East England, south west of Newcastle upon Tyne, and is situated on high ground overlooking the River Tyne. In 2011, it had a population of 16,652, and it has a postal address of Whickham, Newcastle upon Tyne, NE16. Whickham is a middle class suburban town and former civil parish. Built on a large hill, it overlooks a large part of the northern and western horizon, including the MetroCentre, and contains a mixture of large suburban housing estates and private streets for the local residents. The main street that goes through the village contains some shops and retailers, a small market, a few pubs and restaurants, and St. Mary's Church.
The parish, which contains the ancient townships of Swalwell and Whickham, and part of Fellside, is bounded on the north by the Tyne, on the west by the parish of Stella, and on the south-west and south by Lamesley and Marley Hill. The ancient parish also included Lowside or Dunston, which was formed into its own distinct parish in 1872. The part of Fellside which included the villages of Marley Hill and Sunniside, now form part of the township of Marley Hill. The parish priest is Revd. Barry Joseph Abbott.
History.
Whickham underwent some expansion in the 1950s when the Lakes Estate was built just off Whickham Highway. Then later in the decade the Oakfield Estate just off Whaggs Lane was built. However, house building in the early 1960s transformed the then village into a small town. Grange Lane Estate began the seemingly unending development by J. T. Bell, (Bellway), the builder, who went on into Clavering Park, Clavering Grange, the Cedars and then Fellside Park. Even after this expansion, there is some debate that the old spirit of the village was finally lost when the main street of Whickham was redeveloped.
To the south-west of Whickham, above the River Derwent, are the ruins of Old Hollinside, a fortified manor house once owned by the Bowes-Lyon family.
Awards.
Whickham has been a national finalist in the RHS 'Britain In Bloom' competition over fifteen times, and, as of 2012, has twice been awarded 'Outright National Winner' in its category.
Notable people.
Whickham has an extensive and old history, and some influential people have been connected to the area. The 19th century inventor and industrialist Lord W.G. Armstrong was privately schooled in the village, and Oliver Cromwell stayed in Whickham for a few days in 1648, during his march to Edinburgh. Local rumour has it that whilst in Whickham, Cromwell stayed in Dockendale Hall (one of the oldest buildings in the village) for two days.

</doc>
<doc id="2898389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898389" title="Minichromosome">
Minichromosome

Overview.
A minichromosome is a small chromatin-like structure consisting of centromeres, telomeres and replication origins and little additional genetic material. They replicate autonomously in the cell during cellular division. The origin of minichromosomes is the result of natural processes (chromosomal aberrations) or genetic engineering.
Structure.
Minichromosomes can be either linear of circular pieces of DNA. By minimizing the amount of unnecessary genetic information on the chromosome and including the basic components necessary for replication (centromere, telomeres, replication sequence), scientists aim to construct a chromosomal platform which can be utilized to insert/present new genes into a host organism's cell.
Production.
Producing minichromosomes involves two primary methods, the "de novo" (bottom-up) and the top-down approach.
De novo.
The minimum constituent parts of a chromosome (centromere, telomere and DNA replication sequences) are assembled
Top-down.
This method utilizes the insertion of telomere sequences into existing chromosomes. This sequence signals for new telomeres which causes the truncation of the chromosome. The newly synthesized truncated chromosome can then be altered through the insertion of new genes for desired traits.
Role in Genetic Engineering.
Unlike traditional methods of genetic engineering, minichromosomes can be used to transfer and express multiple sets of genes onto one engineered chromosome package Traditional methods which involve the insertion of novel genes into existing sequences may result in the disruption of endogenous genes and thus negatively affect the host cell. Additionally, with traditional gene insertion methods, scientists have had less ability to control where the newly inserted genes are located on the host cell chromosomes which makes it difficult to predict inheritance of multiple genes from generation to generation. Minichromosome technology allows for the stacking of genes side-by-side on the same chromosome thus reducing likelihood of segregation of novel traits.
Plants.
In 2006, scientists demonstrated the successful use of telomere truncation in maize plants to produce minichromosomes that could be utilized as a platform for inserting genes into the plant genome In plants, the telomere sequence is conserved which implies this strategy can be utilized to successfully construction additional minichromosomes in other plant species 
In 2007, scientists reported success in assembling minichromosomes in vitro using the "de novo" method
Other Organisms.
Minichromosomes have been reported in yeast and animal cells. These minichromosomes were constructed using the De novo approach 

</doc>
<doc id="2898394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898394" title="Anita Doth">
Anita Doth

Anita Doth is a Dutch singer and songwriter best known as the front person of the duo 2 Unlimited, along with rapper Ray Slijngaard.
Personal life.
Anita Daniëlle Doth was born in Amsterdam to Rolf and Lydia Doth. In 1991 she finished her education and landed her first steady job in an administrative position at a police station.
Anita has one son called Destyno (born 20 April 2005) with Willy de Leon Agramonte.
On 11 January 2010, it was announced that Anita was being treated for breast cancer, undergoing chemotherapy. Anita continued to perform with Ray as much as possible under her treatment regime. In 2011, Anita was declared breast cancer free.
On 8 November 2013, Anita announced via Twitter that 2 Unlimited will be soon taking a short break until April 2014 as she is pregnant. The new arrival is expected in February 2014. 
Music career.
2 Unlimited (1991–1996).
2 Unlimited is a Eurodance project founded in 1991 by two Belgian producers Jean-Paul DeCoster and Phil Wilde and fronted by Dutch rapper Ray Slijngaard and Anita Doth.
In the early 1990s, Ray Slijngaard (the soon-to-become techno-rapper of 2 Unlimited) had been asked to write rap lyrics for a tune written by Belgian producers J.P. de Coster and Phil Wilde. Ray also wrote a chorus to be sung by a female vocalist, for which he asked Doth to sing the lyrics. The demo was presented to de Coster and Wilde, leading to Doth joining 2 Unlimited, and "Get Ready for This" was produced as their first single.
Doth sang the choruses for the majority of their songs; however there were some B sides, and one successful single, "Nothing Like the Rain", where she sang close to all the lyrics. The band became an instant success in Europe and throughout the world. Their hits included songs such as "Maximum Overdrive", "No Limit", "Tribal Dance", "The Real Thing", "Twilight Zone" and "Workaholic".
After sixteen music videos, forty-five songs, and four albums, the group split up in 1996.
After 2 Unlimited (1996–2009).
After 2 Unlimited broke up in 1996, Doth became a presenter on Dutch music television station TMF ("The Music Factory"), hosting "Welcome to the Pleasure Zone", a show featuring both music videos and live performances. Doth also worked as a DJ on Dutch radio station Radio 538.
Later that year, Anita sang a duet with popular Dutch singer René Froger titled "That's When I'll Stop Loving You".
The year 2000, saw the release of her solo album "Reality". Among the singles taken from the album were "Universe", "Lifting up My Life", and "This Is Reality". Writing and production credits saw Anita working with producers such as Todd Terry and Steve Mac.".
In 2002, Anita formed Divas of Dance with Linda Estelle (formerly T-Spoon) and Desiree "Des'Ray" Manders (formerly 2 Brothers on the 4th Floor. They performed a variety of disco and dance classics, including the biggest hits from each of their respective bands. In 2006, Divas of Dance released a new single entitled Falling into the Groove.
During the later 2000s, Anita toured the UK as part of the 90s Reloaded Adult Weekenders at Butlins where she would perform some of the biggest dance hits of the 90s. Billed as "Anita Doth from 2 Unlimited, the performance would include the biggest hits of 2 Unlimited from the 1990s.
2 Unlimited Comeback (2009–Present).
Anita & her former 2 Unlimited colleague, Ray Slijngaard, reunited on 11 April 2009, to perform together for the first time in 13 years at the "I love the 90s" concert in Hasselt, Belgium. Further gigs followed on 30 April at the Radio 538 Queen's Day concert at Museumplein in Amsterdam, and as support act for Milk Inc at the Sportpaleis in Antwerp on 25 September.
Performing under the name Ray & Anita, it was confirmed on 29 December that the duo would release a new single together in 2010 titled "In Da Name Of Love". Jean-Paul DeCoster is thought to have denied permission for them to use the name "2 Unlimited", as he still owns the rights to the brand.
On 11 July 2012, it was announced that Ray and Anita will be working again with the Belgian producer, De Coster under the name 2 Unlimited.

</doc>
<doc id="2898401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898401" title="20 to 1">
20 to 1

20 to 1 was an Australian television series from 2005-2011, hosted by Bert Newton that counts down an undefined "top 20" of elements or events of popular culture, such as films, songs, sporting scandals. Previously the show was hosted by Bud Tingwell and narrated by David Reyne. The format mixes archival footage of the listed events with comments from various Australian celebrities.
Format.
Each episode counts down the "top twenty" events following a particular theme.
Media clips depicting the event are played as the host provides background information of the entry. This is followed by clips of mostly Australian based celebrities providing comment on the clip or event.
Contributors.
The partial list (some in order of appearance) of the celebrities who contributed comments to "20 to 1".
Awards.
Logie Awards:

</doc>
<doc id="2898411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898411" title="David Follett">
David Follett

Sir David Henry Follett FMA (1907 – 1982) was a Director of the Science Museum, London from 1960 to 1973.
David Follett attended Rutlish Grammar School (1919–26). He then studied physics in the Clarendon Laboratory at Oxford University as a student at Brasenose College.
Follett joined the Science Museum in 1937 as an Assistant Keeper, when Colonel E. E. B. Mackintosh was the Director. He was later Director of the museum from 1960–73.
Follett was also an author and a Fellow of the Museums Association.
Follett was knighted for his contribution to the museum world. He was married to Lady Follett, who died in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="2898420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898420" title="Josephine Au">
Josephine Au

Josephine Au is a veteran news reporter and producer for OMNI.2's "OMNI News Cantonese Edition" in Toronto, Ontario.
Au was born in Hong Kong and came to Canada in 1988.
Au has been with CFMT since the late 1980s and is the longest-serving member of the news team. OMNI2 reporters report on local stories and reads portions of the newscast from file stories from other news outlets (in Cantonese).

</doc>
<doc id="2898423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898423" title="Raid of the Redeswire">
Raid of the Redeswire

The Raid of the Redeswire was a border skirmish between England and Scotland on July 7, 1575 which took place at Carter Bar,the Cheviot pass which enters Redesdale. The skirmish was between (on the English side) the English Warden of the Middle Marches, Sir John Forster, with Sir George Heron, Keeper of Redesdale, Keeper of Liddesdale and Scottish Warden and (on the Scottish side) Sir John Carmichael, the Lord Warden of the Marches, with George Douglas of Bonjedworth. It was the last major battle between the Kingdom of England and the Kingdom of Scotland.
Opposing Forces.
After the Scottish defeat at Pinkie, no Anglo-Scottish battle had occurred until this. Sir John Carmichael assembled a small band of pikemen and gunmen in Liddesdale. He was preparing to meet Sir John Forster at Carter Bar for a truce. Sir John Forster also gathered an army. Forster was known for double-dealing, and Carmichael knew it could turn into a battle.
The battle.
The Scots met with the English under Forster, and insults flew from both sides. The truce was not going well and in time it turned into a battle, starting with cannon and bow shots from the English. The English were getting the better of the infantry match. But the timely arrival of Scottish reinforcements from Jedburgh gave the Scots an advantage. They began to break the English lines and in time, the English were routed: the Scots proved victorious, and drove the English off. Forster was captured, and George Heron, along with his brother John Heron and many other notable English nobles were killed. English prisoners, however, were treated humanely and then released.
Legacy.
The story of the skirmish was turned into a Border ballad. As well, on the Cheviot Hills, near the place where the battle was fought a monument was built in commemoration of the battle. It read, "On this ridge, June 7th, 1575 was fought one of the last border raids, known as The Raid of the Redeswire". This is a misnomer, as it wasn't really a raid and did not take place in the Redeswire.

</doc>
<doc id="2898428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898428" title="Racing flags">
Racing flags

Racing flags are traditionally used in auto racing and similar motorsports to indicate track condition and to communicate important messages to drivers. Typically, the starter, sometimes the grand marshal of a race, waves the flags atop a flag stand near the start/finish line. Track marshals are also stationed at observation posts along the race track in order to communicate both local and course-wide conditions to drivers. Alternatively, some race tracks employ lights to supplement the primary flag at the start/finish line.
Summary.
While there is no universal system of racing flags across all of motorsports, most series have standardized them, with some flags carrying over between series. For example, the chequered flag is commonly used across all of motorsport to signify the end of a session (practice, qualifying, or race), while the penalty flags differ from series to series. FIA-sanctioned championship flags are the most commonly used internationally (outside of North America) as they cover championships such as Formula 1, the FIA World Endurance Championship and WTCC, and are adopted (and sometimes adapted) by many more motorsport governing bodies across the world such as, for example, the MSA.
Status flags.
Status flags are used to inform all drivers of the general status of the course during a race. In addition, the green, yellow, and red flags described below may be augmented or replaced by lights at various points around the circuit.
Green flag.
If the race is not under caution or delayed, it is said to be "under green-flag conditions". However, the flag itself is typically not continuously waved by the starter. No flag displayed at the starter's stand implies safe, green-flag conditions. At all times, however, the green lights remain lit.
Yellow flag.
In Formula One racing, a yellow flag displayed at the starter's stand or a marshal station indicates that there is a hazard downstream of the station. The manner of display depends on the location of the hazard:
When shown at a station, drivers are prohibited from passing until either the hazard or the next flag station displaying a green flag (signifying the end of a cautionary section) is passed. This flag is shown at the discretion of the marshals manning the station.
In NASCAR and IndyCar, a single yellow flag waved from the starter's stand places the race under caution. At this time a pace car will enter the course and lead the field at a safe, predetermined, reduced speed. On oval tracks, yellow lights universally supplement the primary flag at the start/finish line. These lights usually operate in a flashing manner, in order to quickly gain attention from the drivers. The field is locked into place at the onset of caution period and no one is allowed to pass another car without mutual consent (excluding crashed and immobile cars). In some races, though, cars may pass one another on the pit road during a caution period. When the starter shows a furled yellow flag, it indicates one lap to green.
On road course races in IndyCar, a single yellow flag at a marshaling station indicates a "local" yellow, similar to the aforementioned rules in Formula One. In these cases, the pace car does not enter the track, and the caution period is limited only to that particular segment of the track. Green flag racing prevails around the remainder of the course. Twin yellow flags displayed at the starter's stand indicates a "full-course caution," in which the pace car would enter the track and the entire course would be under caution. This might occur for a serious crash or other major hazards. NASCAR has also experimented with "local yellows" on their road course events.
In the case of snowmobile racing, the yellow flag is displayed at or before the point of the hazard. When a snowmobile racer crosses the yellow flag, the race will continue, however, the skis and track of the snowmobile must remain on the ground.
In snowmobile water cross (racing on open water), the caution flag simply warns the racers that one or more racers have sunk and are in the water, however the race will continue as normal.
In horse racing, the yellow flag means that there is a serious incident ahead, the horses must be pulled up and the race must be declared void. Most yellow flags are seen when a horse has suffered a serious or maybe even fatal injury.
Safety concerns and the beneficiary in NASCAR.
The point at which the caution period starts is a topic of controversy in oval racing. Traditionally, the cars had been locked into their positions when they cross the start/finish line, but technological advancements have made it possible to lock them in at the instant that the caution is declared. This has effectively put an end to the "race back to the caution", in which drivers sped up during yellow flag periods to beat the leader to the flag. This practice, while giving lapped drivers a better chance to make their lap back, was at times highly dangerous in that it encouraged drivers to engage in pitched battles with major safety hazards on track. Safety workers were not able to respond to accidents until the cars were under control of the pace car, which markedly slowed their response times to potentially injured drivers. To compensate for the elimination of the race back to the caution, NASCAR and some other motorsports series, both road racing and short oval, have implemented the "beneficiary rule", which allows the highest-placed car that is a full lap or more behind the race leader to complete an extra lap during the caution period in order to make up a lap.
In some series (Indy Racing League, Champ Car, beginning in 2007, Formula One, and beginning in mid-2009, NASCAR) lapped cars between the pace car and the leader will be allowed to move to the rear of the next lap when the signal is given two laps before a restart.
In Formula One, all lapped cars between the leaders are permitted to advance one lap.
The rule, as enforced in the three open-wheel series, is designed to prevent lapped cars from blocking on ensuing restarts, as to prevent unsportsmanlike blocking when a lapped teammate or friend of one driver attempts to help that driver through impeding the progress of an opponent on the restart.
Red flag.
The solid red flag is displayed when conditions are too dangerous to continue the session. Depending on the series and the circumstances, the cars are typically directed to proceed immediately to pit road, or to stop at a specific spot on the track. In some severe cases the cars might be required to stop immediately where they are. During red flag conditions, repair work in the pits or garage area is typically prohibited.
There are numerous hazards that might cause a need to halt or prematurely end a session. Many hazards, such as rain, darkness, a blocked course (due to debris, water, or safety vehicles), a car on fire, or a multi-car crash (especially one that results in serious injuries or one that results in damage to walls, fences or the surface itself which require repairs) might prompt series officials to call for the red flag.
Some series use a red flag when a severe accident has occurred or to temporarily stop a race nearing the end of a race. This is usually done when a collision requiring cleanup would otherwise extend the caution period to take longer than the amount of race laps available to finish the race, when a fuel spill occurs on the circuit, or to maximize safety team work. During such a red-flag period, cars are directed to stop in line at a specific point on the track, usually directly opposite to the incident.
The red flag may be used to indicate a pre-determined pause in the race, such as NASCAR's Budweiser Shootout or the All Star Race. In these cases, the cars are directed to the pit area where cars may be worked on to the extent the race rules allow.
Also, a red flag or board, sometimes with a yellow saltire, at the entrance to the pits can indicate that the pits are closed. Such a flag is used in both the IndyCar and NASCAR series. In NASCAR, a red flag with a black flag signals the end of a practice session.
White flag.
In all championships which use the FIA International Sporting Code, as well as North American road racing, the white flag indicates the presence of an official car or a competitor moving at below normal speed in the section of track covered by the flag station.
In NASCAR, IndyCar, North American motorcycle road racing, and most American forms of motorsports, a white flag displayed at the starter's stand indicates the start of the final lap of the race.
In MotoGP, a white flag is used to warn riders of rain.
In some series, a white flag is shown from all flag stations on the first lap of a practice or qualifying session so competitors will know which stations are manned.
Instruction flags.
Instruction flags are usually used to communicate with one driver at a time.
Black flag.
The solid black flag is used to summon a driver to the pits. It is usually associated with a penalty imposed on the driver for disobeying the rules, but may also be used when a car is suffering a mechanical failure, leaking fluid, exhibiting damage such as loose bodywork, loose hood, dragging bumper, or any other damage that could potentially become a hazard to himself or other competitors. In some cases, the black flag may be used to call a driver to the pits when their radio is not working.
In Formula One races, the black flag means an immediate disqualification for the driver involved. The car number of the summoned driver is displayed in a designated place near the flag stand or occasionally on the flag itself. Black flags can be waved at all observation posts simultaneously to order all drivers to clear the track after the starter waves the red flag, often in the case of a serious accident.
When the black flag is used for disciplinary reasons in most races in North America, a driver is required to return to pit lane for at minimum a pit pass-through (must drive the length of pit lane at the designated speed limit). A driver may be black-flagged for failing to maintain a safe minimum speed, even if no apparent damage or mechanical failure is present. In almost all cases, the team is given a chance to make repairs to the car and get it up to an acceptable condition. If the driver still cannot maintain the minimum speed in relation to the leaders after repairs, the driver may be required to park for the remainder of the race.
In the case of snowmobile racing, the black flag comes in three stages to disqualification; the first flag is a warning to a racer, the second flag is a one-lap penalty, and the third is disqualification. In order for a snowmobile racer to receive a black flag, the racer must make contact with intent to inconvenience another racer.
Oddly, during the Coke Zero Suzuka 8 Hours (FIM World Endurance Championship), a black flag waved from the starter's stand designates the start of the race. This race flag, which is black, carries the race sponsor's name on it.
In NASCAR, a practice session or a qualifying session is ended not with the chequered flag, but with the waving of both the solid black flag and a red flag together.
Per-bend black/white flag.
A diagonally divided black-and-white flag is displayed with a car number to indicate a penalty for unsportsmanlike conduct. This flag can be displayed if a car tries to intentionally drive another car off the course, or if a driver gets out of his/her car and initiates an altercation with another driver.
Some administrators (NASCAR and IndyCar) do not distinguish mechanical problems or unsportsmanlike conduct from rules violations and simply use the solid black flag for all violations.
Black flag with white cross.
Intentionally ignoring the black flag and/or black white cross flag may result in post-race disciplinary action in addition to disqualification from the race. Fines, probation, suspensions, and other penalties (i.e., points being docked from championship standings) may result, depending upon the severity of the situation.
The chequered flag.
The chequered flag is displayed at the start/finish line to indicate that the race is officially finished. At some circuits, the first flag point will display a repeat chequered flag (usually on the opposite side of the circuit). The flag is commonly associated with the winner of a race, as they are the first driver to "take" (drive past) the chequered flag.
Upon seeing the chequered flag and crossing the finish line, drivers are required to slow to a safe speed, and return to their garage, parc ferme, or the paddock, depending on the applicable regulations of the series.
Design of the chequered flag.
There is no standard design for the chequered flag. Although it nearly always consists of alternating black and white squares or rectangles arranged in a chequerboard pattern, the number, size, and length-width proportions of the rectangles vary from one flag to another. Also, the chequered flag typically has a black rectangle at the corner of the flag closest to the top of the flagpole. There have been instances of the black and white squares being painted onto a wooden board and simply held up for drivers to observe at the finish line. In events where Sunoco is the series fuel sponsor, the chequered flag often has also has their logo emblazoned in the center of the flag, a practice that was used in NASCAR originally with Union 76, but is also used in INDYCAR since Sunoco's fuel sponsorship began. In NASCAR and F1 events, a single chequered flag is waved to signal the completion of a race. In INDYCAR, two chequered flags are waved together, a tradition dating to the 1980 Indianapolis 500, but only if the race is under green conditions. (The starter will wave both a chequered and yellow flag if safety car conditions occur at the end of the race, in a yellow chequer finish.)
NASCAR traditionally has a special version of the chequered flag sewn for Victory Lane that has the name and date of the race on it, a practice that Sunoco has spread to INDYCAR since taking over fuel sponsorship. That flag is used for the team in winner's photographs taken after the race, and is a prize awarded to the team along with the race trophy. Teams often hang such flags at race team's headquarters in a similar fashion to other sports hanging championship banners from the rafters at stadiums.
Origins of the chequered flag.
The exact origins of the use of a chequered flag to end races are lost in history, although there are many theories. A possible though unlikely theory is that horse races during the early days of the settlement of the American Midwest were followed by large public meals and that to signal that the meals were ready and racing should come to an end, a chequered tablecloth was waved.
Another origin theory claim is that the chequered flag's earliest known use was for 19th century bicycle races in France.
A more likely explanation is that a high-contrast flag would be more conspicuous against the background of a crowd, especially when early races were run on dirt tracks (and therefore dust reduced the driver's visibility).
The earliest known photographic record of a chequered flag being used to end a race was from the 1906 Vanderbilt Cup race held in Long Island, New York.
A 2006 publication "The Origin of the Checker Flag: A Search for Racing's Holy Grail", written by historian Fred Egloff and published by the International Motor Racing Research Center at Watkins Glen, traces the flag's origin to one Sidney Waldon, an employee of the Packard Motor Car Company, who in 1906 devised the flag to mark "checking stations" (now called "checkpoints") along the rally-style events of the Glidden Tour.
In 1980, USAC starter Duane Sweeney started a tradition at the Indianapolis 500 by waving twin chequered flags at the end of the race. Previous starters had only used a single flag. Sweeney also marked the first use of twin green flags at the start of the race.
Celebrating a win with the chequered flag.
In snowmobile water cross the chequered flag is attached to the racers' life vest, and the racer is awarded with a victory lap.
In many short tracks, the flagman gives the chequered flag to the winner of the race, but a variety of other celebratory traditions, such as the burnout, the Polish Victory Lap and the Victory Lane or Victory Circle celebration, sometimes overshadow the chequered flag tradition.
Use outside auto racing.
The chequered flag has become so well recognized that it is often used to indicate the conclusion of many things unrelated to auto racing. For example, some software installation programs display a chequered flag to indicate that a computer program has been installed successfully.
Chequered flags were also posted at each corner of the end zones in the original Yankee Stadium when the facility was used by the New York Giants of the National Football League from 1956 through 1973.
Flags in other motorsports.
Flags in karting.
The chequered, red, black, yellow, white, and green flags are used identically to how they are used in auto racing, as is the yellow and red striped flag.
Other flags used include:
Flags in motorcycle racing.
The chequered, red, yellow, white, and green flags are used identically to how they are used in auto racing. The yellow and red striped flag is used to indicate debris on the track. Other flags used include:
Practicality of racing flags.
Historically, the only means for race officials to communicate to drivers was through the usage of flags. With the advent of two-way or full-duplex radios, this is not necessarily the case. Most drivers racing on paved short track oval courses do not rely on flags; rather, they are informed of track conditions by their crew chiefs and spotters or by yellow / red flashing lights found on most oval tracks. Occasionally, though, some drivers must rely on the use of flags for information when they experience radio malfunctions. Flags are still used to tell the crowd of spectators what is happening. Dirt track and lower level racers are less likely to have radios than their paved track counterparts.
In contrast to smaller circuits, road racing drivers rely heavily on the use of flags. As it is impractical to have spotters covering all segments of a winding race track, the first indication to drivers of local hazards almost always comes from marshals stationed at various flag stations around the course. Missing or disregarding a flag can have critical consequences, as Mario and Michael Andretti discovered during a 1991 CART race in Detroit, Michigan. Michael came around a blind corner at high speed, without heeding the yellow flag being displayed—and plowed into the back of a CART safety truck tending to another disabled car. Fifteen seconds later, his father Mario disregarded the same madly waving yellows and crashed into the car the safety vehicle was trying to assist.
Modern F1 cars and other high-end formula racing cars have information displays on their steering wheels which can flash up the word FLAG to warn drivers when they are entering a sector with a local yellow. Most new circuits and older ones used for F1 will employ trackside flashing lights at regular intervals, as a clearer way to signal yellow/green/red/blue/SC flag status to drivers than relying on them to spot a marshal waving a flag, especially so on modern circuits where there are large run-off areas which put the marshals well away from the actual track.

</doc>
<doc id="2898435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898435" title="Stephen Li">
Stephen Li

Stephen Li is a veteran news reporter for OMNI.2's OMNI News Cantonese Edition in Toronto, Ontario. Before joining OMNI2, Li was a news anchor at Fairchild TV for most of the 1990s. OMNI2 reporters report on local stories and reads portions of the newscast from file stories from other news outlets (in Cantonese).

</doc>
<doc id="2898438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898438" title="Grecian bend">
Grecian bend

The Grecian Bend was a term applied first to a stooped posture which became fashionable c. 1820, named after the gracefully-inclined figures seen in the art of Ancient Greece. It was also the name of a dance move introduced to polite society in America just before the American Civil War. The "Bend" was considered very daring at the time.
The stoop or the silhouette created by the fashion in women's dress for corsets, crinolettes and bustles by 1869 was also called "The Grecian Bend". Contemporary illustrations often show a woman with a large bustle and a very small parasol, bending forward.
The term was also given to those who suffered from decompression sickness, or "the bends", due to working in caissons during the building of the Brooklyn Bridge in New York. The name was given because afflicted individuals characteristically arched their backs in the same manner as the then popular "Grecian Bend" fashion.
Appearance in popular music.
There were many songs published with "Grecian Bend" in their titles. The term 'Grecian bend' appears in the song 'The Garden Where The Praties Grow' by 
Johnny Patterson:
"Have you ever been in love my boys<br>"
"Or have you felt the pain?<br>"
"I'd sooner be in jail myself<br>"
"Than be in love again<br>"
"For the girl I loved was beautiful<br>"
"I'd have you all to know<br>"
"And I met her in the garden<br>"
"Where the praties grow <br>"
"She was just the sort of creature boys<br>"
"That Nature did intend<br>"
"To walk right through the world my boys<br>"
"Without the Grecian bend<br>"
"Nor did she wear a chignon<br>"
"I'd have you all to know<br>"
"And I met her in the garden<br>"
"Where the praties grow<br>"

</doc>
<doc id="2898442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898442" title="Jim Caple">
Jim Caple

Jim Caple is a columnist and senior writer for ESPN.com. He has worked previously with the Seattle Post-Intelligencer and St. Paul Pioneer Press.
Caple attended R.A. Long High School in Longview, Washington before becoming a graduate of the University of Washington in Seattle.
Caple has recently written a book "The Devil Wears Pinstripes" (ISBN 0-452-28598-4) which, according to Amazon.com, "takes on the rabid fans of baseball’s twenty-six-time World Champions, and offers a decidedly different slant on the New York Yankees—the losers of thirteen World Series." Caple has also delighted in the misery of Red Sox Nation when he said in mid-June 2012 that the Red Sox being in last place may be the best thing he saw for the season.

</doc>
<doc id="2898443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898443" title="List of Baptist confessions">
List of Baptist confessions

The following is a list of confessions that have been important to the development of various Baptist churches throughout history.

</doc>
<doc id="2898444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898444" title="Bois-Brûlés">
Bois-Brûlés

Bois-Brûlés ("burnt wood") are Métis. The name is most frequently associated with the French speaking Métis of the Red River Colony in the Red River valley.
The Bois-Brûlés led by their leader Cuthbert Grant took part in the Battle of Seven Oaks (1816). The "Chanson de la Grenouillère," composed in 1816 by Métis bard Pierre Falcon in honour of the Battle of Seven Oaks, also called "Falcon's Song" or "la Bataille des sept chênes," refers to the Métis participants as victorious "Bois-Brûlés," and the song remained central to Métis lore for generations. In 1837 Pierre Falcon also wrote "The Dickson Song" or ""Ballade du Général Dickson"". The song is about "General" James Dickson who planned to raise an army of Bois-Brûlés for the purpose of setting up a kingdom in California.
William H. Keating described a group of Métis buffalo hunters he encountered at Pembina by the Red River of the North in 1823 as "Bois brulés".
Later in the 19th century, the people in 1869 came into temporary prominence during the Riel Rebellion in the Red River area. They were alternatively called Métis; historically the majority were descendants of French Canadian men and First Nations women.
The name Bois-Brûlés seems to have waned in popularity and general use after the merger of the Hudson's Bay Company and North West Company in 1821. The young Canadian adventurer Martin McLeod, later a fur trader and Minnesota Territory politician in the United States, referred to the "Brules" in 1837 in his journal of travel to the Red River of the North region with James Dickson, who had a dream of an Indian empire. As late as 1900, the American author Jack London used the term in his short story, "An Odyssey of the North".

</doc>
<doc id="2898449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898449" title="Arce, Spain">
Arce, Spain

Arce (Basque: "Artzi") is a town located in the province of Navarre, in the autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2898453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898453" title="Calcium hypochlorite">
Calcium hypochlorite

Calcium hypochlorite is a chemical compound with formula ()2. It is widely used for water treatment and as a bleaching agent. This chemical is considered to be relatively stable and has greater available chlorine than sodium hypochlorite (liquid bleach).
Preparation.
It is manufactured by the calcium process:
"Bleaching powder" is a mixture of calcium hypochlorite (Ca(OCl)2) and the basic chloride CaCl2, H2O with some slaked lime, Ca(OH)2.
Properties.
Calcium hypochlorite is a yellow white solid which has a strong smell of chlorine. It is not highly soluble in water and is more preferably used in soft to medium-hard water. It has two forms: dry and hydrated. The hydrated form is safer to handle.
Calcium hypochlorite reacts with carbon dioxide to form calcium carbonate and release dichlorine monoxide:
A calcium hypochlorite solution is basic. This is due to the hydrolysis performed by the hypochlorite ion, as hypochlorous acid is weak, but calcium hydroxide is a strong base. As a result, the hypochlorite ion is a strong conjugate base, and the calcium ion is a weak conjugate acid:
Similarly, calcium hypochlorite reacts with hydrochloric acid to form calcium chloride, water and gaseous chlorine:
Uses.
Calcium hypochlorite is used for the disinfection of drinking water or swimming pool water. Generally it is sold as 68% calcium hypochlorite combined with calcium chloride and other salts. It is used as a sanitizer in outdoor swimming pools in combination with a cyanuric acid stabilizer, which reduces the loss of chlorine due to ultraviolet radiation. The calcium content hardens the water and tends to clog up some filters; hence, some products containing calcium hypochlorite also contain anti-scaling agents.
Calcium hypochlorite is an ingredient in bleaching powder, used for bleaching cotton and linen. It is used in bathroom cleaners, household disinfectant sprays, moss and algae removers, and weedkillers.
In addition, calcium hypochlorite may be used to manufacture chloroform.
Chlorine compounds, including calcium hypochlorite, are widely used in the food industry to kill bacteria and disinfect surfaces and production equipment
Safety.
Calcium hypochlorite is best kept in a cool dry place away from any organic material. It is known to undergo self heating and rapid decomposition accompanied by the release of toxic chlorine gas.

</doc>
<doc id="2898458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898458" title="New Worlds Mission">
New Worlds Mission

The New Worlds Mission is a project planning to build a large occulter in space designed to block the light of nearby stars in order to observe their orbiting planets. The observations could be taken with an existing space telescope, possibly the James Webb Space Telescope when it launches, or a dedicated visible light telescope optimally designed for the task of finding exoplanets. The project was (in 2004-2008) funded by NASA Institute for Advanced Concepts (NIAC) and headed by Dr. Webster Cash of the University of Colorado at Boulder in conjunction with Ball Aerospace & Technologies Corp., Northrop Grumman, Southwest Research Institute and others. In 2010 the project is looking for financing from NASA and other sources in the amount of roughly US$3 billion, and if possible, the project was envisioned to start in 2011 (the project is mentioned in the NASA strategic plan of 2011 ), and the telescope could be launched in 2019 and the starshade in 2020, and the science mission should begin in 2020 and last 5 years.
Purpose.
Currently, the direct detection of extrasolar planets (or exoplanets) is extremely difficult. This is primarily due to:
The difficulty of observing such a dim planet so close to a bright star is the obstacle that has prevented astronomers from directly photographing exoplanets. To date, only a handful of exoplanets have been photographed 
. The first exoplanet to be photographed, 2M1207b, is in orbit around a star called 2M1207. Astronomers were able to photograph this planet because it is a very unusual planet. Specifically it does not suffer from the two difficulties mentioned above. It is very far from the host star, approximately 55 astronomical units (about twice the distance of Neptune). Furthermore, the planet is orbiting a very dim star, known as a brown dwarf. Because the planet is so far from its dim host star, it is not lost in the glare. However, this is a very specific scenario, and would be unlikely to be useful in finding Earth-like planets capable of supporting life.
To overcome the difficulty of distinguishing a planet in the glare of a bright star, the New Worlds Mission would block the star's light with an occulter. The occulter would block all of the starlight from reaching the observer, while allowing the planet's light to pass undisturbed.
Design.
Traditional methods of exoplanet detection all rely on indirect means of inferring the existence of orbiting bodies. These methods include: 
All of these methods provide convincing evidence for the existence of extrasolar planets, however none of them provide actual images of the planets.
The goal of the New Worlds Mission is to block the light coming from nearby stars with an occulter. This would allow the direct observation of orbiting planets. The occulter would be a large sheet disc flown thousands of kilometers along the line of sight. The disc would likely be several tens of meters in diameter and would fit inside existing expendable launch vehicles and be deployed after launch.
One difficulty with this concept is that light incoming from the target star would diffract around the disc and constructively interfere along the central axis. Thus the starlight would still be easily visible, making planet detection impossible. This concept was first famously theorized by Siméon Poisson in order to disprove the wave theory of light, as he believed the existence of a bright spot at the center of the shadow to be nonsensical. However Dominique Arago experimentally verified the existence of the spot of Arago. Fortunately this effect can be negated by specifically shaping the occulter. By adding specially shaped petals to the outer edge of the disc, the spot of Arago will disappear, allowing the suppression of the star's light.
This technique would make planetary detection possible for stars within approximately 10 parsecs (about 32 light years) of Earth. It is estimated that there could be as many as several thousands of exoplanets within that distance.
Starshade.
The starshade is a proposed sunflower-shaped coronagraph disc that was designed to block starlight that interferes with telescopic observations of other worlds.
Specifically, the starshade is a spacecraft designed by Webster Cash, an astrophysicist at the University of Colorado at Boulder's Center for Astrophysics and Space Astronomy. The proposed spacecraft is designed to work in tandem with space telescopes like the James Webb Telescope or a new 4 meter telescope. It will fly 80,000 miles in front of a space telescope (between the telescope and a target star) and approximately 238,600 miles away from Earth, outside of Earth's heliocentric orbit. When unfurled, the Starshade resembles a sunflower, with pointed protrusions around its circumference. The Starshade acts as a very large coronagraph: it blocks light of a distant star, making it easier to observe associated planets. The unfurled Starshade could reduce collected light from bright stars by as much as 10 billion-fold. Light that "leaks" around the edges would be used by the telescope as it scans the target system for planets. With the reduction of the harsh light, astronomers will be able to check exoplanet atmospheres tens of trillions of miles away for the potential chemical signatures of life.
If the spacecraft passes NASA standards, the Starshade could be sent to space in the near future. After launch, it is estimated that within a 2-year period the Starshade could help astronomers to get a better look at upwards of 75 different planetary systems.
Mission objectives.
The New Worlds Mission aims to discover and analyze terrestrial extrasolar planets:
In addition to finding and analyzing terrestrial planets, it can also discover and analyze gas giants. The New Worlds Mission will also find moons and rings orbiting extrasolar planets. This technique will involve direct imaging of planets by blocking the starlight with a starshade. It will study the moons and rings in detail and find whether moons can also support life if gas giant planets orbit in the habitable zones of parent stars.
Mission architecture.
There are many possibilities for various New Worlds Missions, three of which are:
Current status.
Dr. Cash was granted $400,000 US for initial research on this project by NIAC in October 2005. A proposal was submitted to NASA in early 2006 for a discovery class mission. Three competing projects will be chosen for further study in late 2006.
The New Worlds Observer team won an Astrophysics Strategic Concept Mission Study award from NASA in 2008 to further develop this mission. In 2010, the project was searching for financing of US$3 billion from NASA and other organizations.

</doc>
<doc id="2898459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898459" title="Arellano, Navarre">
Arellano, Navarre

Arellano is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2898460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898460" title="Ramsbottom Evangelical Church">
Ramsbottom Evangelical Church

Ramsbottom Evangelical Church is a Protestant, Reformed, church situated in the town of Ramsbottom, Greater Manchester, England. The church is a member of the Fellowship of Independent Evangelical Churches, and regularly partners with other like-minded churches in the area such as Chorlton Evangelical Church. It is also involved in active evangelism ministry in the town, including street preaching, door-to-door ministry, a 'Holiday Bible Club' for youngsters, and a periodic Christianity Explored course for older people.
Church History.
The beginnings of Ramsbottom Evangelical Church go back to Summerseat in the late 1950s when the Primitive Methodist Church invited Rev. Raymond Gregory, minister of Dundee Lane Congregational Church to minister to them. The Primitive Methodist building became unsafe due to river erosion and for a period of time the church held their meetings in a car garage on Robin Road.
1961 marked a turning point in the life of the Evangelical Church when younger men were invited to attend a Billy Graham crusade which resulted in a cross pollination of religious ideals from the United States with those of 1960's England.
Later the church moved to the Summerseat Liberal Club and in 1963 to the Summerseat Co-op on a ten year lease. When the lease on the Co-op building ran out, in 1973, the leaseholders would not re-new the contract. After that the church met in private homes until 1976 when it moved to its present location.
In 1998 Rev. Raymond Gregory retired and was replaced as Minister by Pastor Oliver Allmand-Smith.

</doc>
<doc id="2898462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898462" title="Areso">
Areso

Areso is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2898468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898468" title="Arguedas">
Arguedas

Arguedas is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2898469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898469" title="One Time for All Time">
One Time for All Time

One Time for All Time is the second album by the instrumental post-rock band 65daysofstatic, released on October 24, 2005 on Monotreme.
"Radio Protector" was released as a 7" single in February 2006 on Monotreme Records. The band have stated on their website that this will be the only single release from the album.
Track listing.
Bonus tracks on Japanese release (previously released on "Retreat! Retreat!" single)

</doc>
<doc id="2898484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898484" title="Bombing of Augsburg in World War II">
Bombing of Augsburg in World War II

The Bombing of Augsburg in World War II included one British RAF and two USAAF bombing raids against the German city of Augsburg on 17 April 1942 and 25/26 February 1944.
1942 raid: Operation "Margin".
To test the new Avro Lancaster, RAF Bomber Command targeted the Augsburg MAN U-boat diesel engine factory on 17 April 1942.
Unusually the raid by heavy bombers was carried out in daylight rather than by night. The bomber force was drawn from No. 44 (Rhodesia) Squadron at RAF Waddington and No. 97 Squadron at RAF Woodhall Spa. Each provided a flight of six aircraft. They practised low flying for a week.
Thirty Douglas Boston medium bombers and a large Fighter Command effort were dispatched to targets in Northern France intending to draw off German fighters. One Boston was lost in these diversionary activities. 
Flying at around , the bombers crossed France but unfortunately the 44 Squadron aircraft, under Squadron Leader John Dering Nettleton, flew close by an airfield of II "Gruppe/Jagdgeschwader 2". German fighters coming in to land set off in pursuit and shot down four Lancasters. Seven bombers were claimed by Hpt. Walter Oesau (2), Fw. Otto Pohl (2), Fw. Alexander Bleymüller, Hptm. Karl-Heinz Greisert and Fw. Ernst Bosseckert. 
The two remaining bombers flew on and attacked the target with four bombs each. One was hit by flak and crash landed with the loss of three of the crew. The other, Nettleton, flew back. 
The second six, from 97 Squadron, attacked shortly after in two section of three. The first atttacked at roof height, flying lower after dropping their load to evade flak on the way out but one was hit and crashed exploding. In the last three aircraft, two were hit and caught fire. One exploded but the others completed the bomb run and was able to return home. 
In the course of the raid, seven of the 12 Lancasters had been shot down with the loss of 49 crewmen.
Only two of the first formation of Lancasters dropped their on the factory. Five of the next dropped their bombs.
Nettleton returned in a badly damaged aircraft and was awarded the Victoria Cross for his leadership of the raid. Other awards included DFCs, DFMs and a DSO.
Post-war analysis indicated damage was minor; five of the bombs dropped had failed to explode. Eight machine tools were destroyed out of a total of 2,700, and five cranes out of 558. Of the 84 RAF airmen, 37 died and 12 were taken as prisoners of war.
1944.
In a final Big Week mission (#235), the Eighth Air Force bombed the Augsburg Messerschmitt works during the day on 25 February 1944. That night (25/26 February 1944), RAF Bomber Command followed with 594 aircraft and completely destroyed the centre of Augsburg. 21 RAF aircraft, 3.6% of the force was lost (at least four due to collision).
The last bombings killed 730 people and injured 1,335; 85,000 were left homeless, and nearly a quarter of all homes had been destroyed. There were 246 "large or medium sized" and 820 small fires. Due to the frozen hydrants and water surfaces (the temperature was minus 18 degrees Celsius) fire fighting was difficult.
See also.
Strategic bombing during World War II

</doc>
<doc id="2898486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898486" title="Tri-Cities (Michigan)">
Tri-Cities (Michigan)

The name Tri-Cities refers to two regions in the U.S. state of Michigan. Both are located in the Lower Peninsula.
The Greater Tri-Cities Region.
The larger and more well known Tri-Cities is the region surrounding the cities of Saginaw, Bay City, and Midland. This region, which is also considered to be part of the Flint/Tri-Cities area, includes much of Bay County, Saginaw County, and Midland County. These three counties make up the Greater Tri Cities, a common term describing this region of Michigan. The combined population of these three counties was 403,070 as of the 2000 Census, and the population was estimated at 398,482 of the July 1, 2006, Census estimate.
Due to their close proximity, the governments of Bay County and the cities of Midland and Saginaw agreed to own and share a centrally located airport through a special municipal body. The airport's name is an initialism formed from the names of the three owning communities: "Midland", "Bay County" & "Saginaw". MBS International Airport, located in Freeland, Michigan was formerly known as Tri-City Airport but was renamed to MBS International Airport in 1994 to prevent confusion with other airports named "Tri-City Airport”.
Several large corporations have operations in the Greater Tri Cities Region. The Michigan Sugar Company, which is a cooperative owned by 1,250 farmers, operates a factory and has its headquarters in Bay City. General Motors operates Powertrain plants in Flint, Bay City, and Saginaw. The Dow Chemical Company world headquarters is based in Midland. Delphi Corporation operates Delphi Saginaw Steering Systems in Saginaw. S.C. Johnson and Son has a manufacturing facility in Bay City making Ziploc products.
Local media outlets include: WNEM, CBS TV5 operates out of Saginaw and is licensed to Bay City. WEYI, NBC 25 is also licensed to Saginaw. NewsRadio 790 WSGW and FM Talk 100.5, are the area's local news, talk and sports affiliates. Other highly rated stations in the Tri-Cities include WIOG, WCEN, WHNN, and WSAG. The "Saginaw News", "Bay City Times" and "Midland Daily News" are available through the region, as well as "Great Lakes Bay" (Regional Lifestyle Magazine).
In January 2009 local community and business leaders began to refer to the Greater Tri-Cities area as the Great Lakes Bay Region with the hope that a cooperative regional focus could spur economic development in the area.
Grand Haven/Ferrysburg/Spring Lake.
The other Tri-Cities lies in Michigan's Ottawa County. The three constituent towns are Grand Haven, Ferrysburg, and the village of Spring Lake. The combined population of these three places and adjacent townships is 46,922 as of the 2000 Census. These tri-cities are located in Western Michigan, near Grand Rapids, Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="2898490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898490" title="Bécherel">
Bécherel

Bécherel (, Gallo: "Becherèu") is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.
History.
During the Roman times the town was positioned close to the important road linking Rennes with Dinan to the north.
In 1124 Alain de Dinan was granted a substantial portion of land which he used to build a (stone) castle. This dominated the valley and the present town grew up around the castle.
In 1168 Henry II, the Le Mans born English king, seized the strategically important town of Bécherel and fortified it.
In the middle years of the fourteenth century, during the Breton War of Succession the English, who were allied with Jean IV (sometimes called Jean V according to the writer's point of view) of Brittany, occupied Bécherel. In 1363 Charles of Blois, accompanied by Bertrand du Guesclin, known also as the Black Dog of Brocéliande, laid siege to the town, but Jean's forces aggressively and successfully resisted. The parties decided to meet near Évran to resolve their differences, but the bishops now intervened and a partition of Brittany between the two parties was determined.
Troubles returned in April 1371 when Olivier de Clisson laid siege to the town. Bertrand du Guesclin joined in against the English, who still held Bécherel, in August 1371. 
In 1419 Anne of Laval, who had inherited the barony through the decease of her brother, restored the town's fortifications, but by the sixteenth century the place had fallen into ruins. Between the sixteenth end eighteenth centuries prosperity returned, thanks to the cultivation and weaving of linen and hemp. Under Napoleon the "Continental System/Blockade" caused much damage to these industries, however, and they also suffered increasingly through the import to Europe of cheap cotton during the nineteenth century.
Many in Bécherel welcomed the 1789 French Revolution, especially after 1794 when the worst of the blood letting came to an end. The anniversary of the king's execution was still being widely celebrated each January 21 at the start of the twentieth century.
The nineteenth century saw the development of various leather based industries, and a factory manufacturing agricultural machinery underpinned the local economy. Between 1914 and 1971 the town was also the home of a large Dairy business. More recently the economy has increasingly been based on tourism and on the book trade.
Book town.
Bécherel is a small village, called the "village of the books" because there are fifteen bookstores for around 660 inhabitants. Events and performances taking place at Bécherel include: the European Festival of Ancient Greek and Latin, in March, for the national "Spring of Poets" weekend. The "Fête du Livre", each Easter week-end, the Night of Books (August), "Lire en Fête" (October), Treasures of Bécherel (December).
Population.
Inhabitants of Bécherel are called "Bécherellais" in French.

</doc>
<doc id="2898494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898494" title="Noodle (disambiguation)">
Noodle (disambiguation)

Noodle is a type of food.
Noodle or Noodles may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2898498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898498" title="John B. Smith">
John B. Smith

John B. Smith may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2898506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898506" title="John Butler Smith">
John Butler Smith

John Butler Smith (April 12, 1838 – August 10, 1914) was an American manufacturer and Republican politician from Hillsborough, New Hampshire. Born in Saxtons River, Vermont, he served New Hampshire as a member of the Governor's Council, and as Governor. Smith Memorial Congregational Church, U.C.C in the town is named for him. He was a member of the church. He died in Hillsborough.

</doc>
<doc id="2898508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898508" title="Aria, Navarre">
Aria, Navarre

Aria is a village and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2898509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898509" title="List of Baptists">
List of Baptists

The following list of Baptists is a catalogue of those who were members of Baptist churches or who were raised in Baptist churches. It is not intended to imply that all those who appear on the list were practicing Baptists or that they remained Baptists their entire lives. As an article of faith, Baptists do not baptize infants, believing instead in believer's baptism after conversion.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="2898516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898516" title="Karl Fiehler">
Karl Fiehler

Karl Fiehler (31 August 1895 - 8 December 1969) was a German politician of the Nazi Party (NSDAP) and Lord Mayor of Munich from 1933 until 1945.
Biography.
Early life.
Fiehler was born in Braunschweig, German Empire. As a child, he attended a secondary modern school in Munich and afterwards he began a merchant apprenticeship, which he continued in Schleswig-Holstein in 1914. Fiehler took part in World War I and was decorated with the ""Eisernes Kreuz"" ("see" "Iron Cross"), second class ("EK II"). In 1919 he entered the local government of the City of Munich as an administration trainee and in 1922 successfully passed the examination for the administrative and clerical grade.
Early Nazi party career.
By 1920 he had already joined the Nazi-Party with the membership number 37. In 1923, by now a convinced National Socialist, Karl Fiehler became a member of the ""Stoßtrupp Hitler"" (), that had been established to protect the Nazi-Führer from encroachments of the party-owned ""Sturmabteilung"" (), and from which the ""Schutzstaffel"" () emerged in 1925. On 8 and 9 November 1923 he participated actively in the failed ""Beer Hall Putsch"" (German: ""Hitlerputsch""). For his participation Fiehler was sentenced to 15 months confinement in Landsberg fortress (German term: ""Festungshaft"").
From 1924 until 1933 he was an honorary alderman and in 1929 he outlined the principles of Nazi local politics in his 80 page booklet ""National Socialist Municipal Policy"" (), printed by the Munich publishing house ""Franz-Eher-Verlag"", which was the central party publisher of the NSDAP. During the 1930s he published on several occasions concerning local politics in Germany from a National Socialist point of view.
Fiehler, who — as a Nazi of the first hour — was not only allowed to call himself proudly ""Alter Kämpfer"" (), which meant members who had joined the Party before the Nazi takeover on 30 January 1933, but could also call himself one of the ""Alte Garde"" () pre-eminent in the hierarchy as (party members with membership numbers under 100,000) and climbed the party career ladder rapidly. From 1927 until 1930 he was ""Ortsgruppenleiter"" () of the Nazi Party in Munich.
In power.
Following the ""Machtergreifung"" (English: ""Power takeover"") of January 1933, Fiehler's rise in the party continued.
From 1935 until the end of the "Third Reich" in 1945 he held the rank of a ""Reichsleiter"" of the 
NSDAP (), at first as a secretary () and afterwards as the ""Head of the Main Office for Local Politics"" (). He also belonged to the top-level management circle of the Nazi Party and being one of the twenty most intimate co-workers of Adolf Hitler in the NSDAP-organization moved up the ranks quickly: On 31 July 1933 he became ""Standartenführer"" (), on 24 December 1933 ""Oberführer"" () and finally on 27 January 1934 ""SS-Gruppenführer"" () with the exact rank designation ""Ehrenführer Oberabschnitt Süd"" ().
From 1933 until 1945 Karl Fiehler was also a member of the Nazi Reichstag which existed after the Enabling Act of 1933 and the so-called "Gleichschaltung".
On 30 January 1942, Fiehler was promoted to ""SS-Obergruppenführer"" () and was immediately assigned to the ""Stab Reichsführer SS (RFSS)"" () Heinrich Himmler where he remained until 9 November 1944.
Munich under the "Hakenkreuz": Fiehler as Lord Mayor.
On 9 March 1933 the SA occupied the Munich town hall and unfurled the swastika flag. Despite the then First Mayor Karl Scharnagl, who belonged to the conservative "Bavarian People's Party (BVP)" and who defied the new rulers for eleven days on the top of the old city administration, eventually however, on 20 March 1933 he ""had to yield to force"". On this day Adolf Wagner, Nazi Home Secretary of the Free State of Bavaria and ""Gauleiter"" of Munich and Upper Bavaria, appointed Karl Fiehler Provisional First Mayor and on 20 May 1933 Fiehler got the title ""Oberbürgermeister"" (), a title that did not exist in Munich at that time.
All parties and organizations opposing the political ""Gleichschaltung"" () were forbidden as a result of the National Socialist takeover, in Munich as well as throughout Germany. The ""Book burning"" () on the ""Königsplatz" Square" in front of the ""Staatliche Antikensammlung"" () on 10 May 1933, the persecution of ""non-folkish"" (German: ""nicht-völkisch"") writers, artists and scientists caused an exodus of Munich's intellectual elite. Thomas Mann and his family did not return from a journey abroad. On 22 March 1933 the Provisional Chief Constable of Munich, Heinrich Himmler, inaugurated the Dachau concentration camp.
In 1933 the ""German Association of Cities"" (German: ""Deutscher Städtetag"") was forced to merge with other municipal umbrella organizations to form the ""Deutscher Gemeindetag"" (). Karl Fiehler, the influential Lord Mayor of Munich, was appointed chairman of this unity organization. The administrative office was situated on "Alsenstraße" in Berlin district "Tiergarten". On 2 August 1935 a memorable conversation took place between Adolf Hitler and Karl Fiehler in the course of which Munich got a strange new epithet: ""Hauptstadt der Bewegung"" (). This "title" was given to remind the Germans of the NSDAP origins in Bavaria's metropolis.
During the 1930s a number of model buildings, prime examples of grandiose Nazi architecture, had been erected by Paul Ludwig Troost, the predecessor of Albert Speer as Hitler's ""Court Master Builder"", in Munich. A radical remodelling of Munich was intended, which Karl Fiehler wanted to illustrate as editor of the pictorial book ""München baut auf. Ein Tatsachen- und Bildbericht über den nationalsozialistischen Aufbau in der Hauptstadt der Bewegung"" (English: ""Munich establishes. A factual and pictorial report about the National Socialist reconstruction in the Capital of the Movement""). By amalgamations on a grand scale, particularly in the west (""Pasing"" district), the Munich population figure increased considerably from 746,000 (1936) to 889,000 (1943). Nevertheless, major projects like the relocation of the Munich Central Station to ""Laim"" district, did not get beyond the planning stage.
The Anti-Semite: persecution of the Jews in Munich.
Munich under Karl Fiehler became the vanguard wherever it concerned actions against Jews. In the spring of 1933 the first systematic boycott against Jewish shops was very zealously carried out by Fiehler. On 30 March he decreed this racist sanction with anticipatory obedience, as the "official" date was actually 1 April. SA- and SS-gangs had been terrorising Jewish businessmen since the very beginning of March and had been taking them into ""Schutzhaft"" (). Fiehler proscribed - without any legal basis - municipal contracts with so called ""non-German"" companies. SA sentries bedaubed the fronts of Jewish shops with inscriptions like ""Jew"", the "Star of David" or ""On vacation in Dachau!"". Shop windows were smashed in and their clients were intimidated, being mobbed by SA men who molested, registered and even photographed them. Later on the City of Munich hurried, in a quite exceptional manner, with the demolition of Jewish places of worship. The Minister of propaganda, Joseph Goebbels, had already commenced the destruction of Munich's main synagogue in June 1938, just to find out, whether the ""Aryan"" public's reaction would be shock or indifference. The apathetic behaviour of the population would encourage the Nazis to further new outrages.
On 9 November 1938 almost the whole Nazi Party elite convened for a social evening at the invitation of the Lord Mayor Karl Fiehler in the Great Hall of Munich's ""Old Guildhall"". A vicious anti-Semitic diatribe by Joseph Goebbels was, for the attendant SA- and party-leaders, the signal for a general hunt on Jews. Numerous men and women were killed, tortured and injured in this night of pogrom, which was euphemistically referred to as ""Reichskristallnacht"" () in Germany afterwards. Many Jewish institutions, synagogues and shops fell prey to this devastation.
Munich's Municipal Cemeteries Department under Karl Fiehler behaved in an absurd, strictly anti-Semitic, manner . It adamantly refused even deceased Christians of Jewish descent cremation or burials. Moreover so called ""Jewish Christians"" were no longer allowed to be buried in their own family graves, which had been in existence for generations. The Department referred bureaucratically to surviving dependants as the "Israelite Community". Amongst other things it was no longer allowed to wear Protestant vestments at a funeral in a Jewish-orthodox graveyard. Johannes Zwanzger, who was appointed head of the ""Munich aid office for non-Aryan Christians"", formulated a letter of complaint to Lord Mayor Fiehler on behalf of the Bavarian Lutheran Regional Consistory in December 1938, without any success.
During World War II genocide followed the disfranchisement of Jews. On November 20, 1941 the first transport of 1,000 Jewish men and women departed from Munich for Riga. The fictitious reason given to the scared people was that it was a matter of ""evacuation"". The transport was re-routed to Kaunas in Lithuania, because the Riga ghetto was overcrowded at this time. Just after their arrival there, the deportees were murdered in a mass shooting by members of the ""Einsatzgruppe A"" () under the command of SS Major General (German: ""SS-Brigadeführer"") Dr. Walter Stahlecker in Fort IX of Kaunas. Up to February 1945 a total of 42 transports left Munich at irregular intervals: to exterminations in Kaunas, Piaski, (near Lublin), Auschwitz and also at the so-called ""Ghetto for old and prominent people"" Theresienstadt.
Fiehler's End: Munich in ruins.
In the early afternoon of 30 April 1945, the first American soldiers, 27-year-old Lieutenant Wolfgang F. Robinow and his men approached Munich's central square ""Marienplatz"". With the surrender of the town hall the National Socialist dictatorship had definitely ended in Munich. Fiehler had already left the guildhall a long time before the occupation of Munich took place, without a struggle. On 4 May 1945, four days before the official end of World War II in Europe, the victorious American Forces reinstated Karl Scharnagl as Lord Mayor of the Bavarian capital.
Following the Holocaust Munich's Jewish life was almost extinct. Of the 12,000 Munich Jews before the Holocaust, 7,500 would flee from the Nazis just in time. Approximately 3,000 had been deported to concentration camps, almost half of these to Theresienstadt. Only 430 surviving Munich Jews returned to their home town in 1945.
In May 1945 the City of Munich counted the cost of the war, with 22,346 prisoners of war, 6,632 bomb war fatalities, approximately 15,000 wounded and about 300,000 homeless persons. By death, evacuation and exodus from the city the population had declined from 824,000 in 1939 to 479,000 in 1945. Ninety percent of Munich's historic Old Town had been destroyed and taking the city as a whole, fifty percent had been destroyed.
In January 1949 Karl Fiehler, who was married and had three daughters, was sentenced to two years in a labour camp, the confiscation of one-fifth of his property and a twelve-year employment ban after ""Spruchkammerverfahren"" (English: ""proceedings before denazification tribunals""). However he did not have to serve the sentence because the previous three and a half years of his detention were credited to the term of his imprisonment. Fiehler died on 8 December 1969 in the village of Dießen on the idyllic Lake Ammersee in the foothills of the Bavarian Alps.

</doc>
<doc id="2898517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898517" title="Discussion page">
Discussion page

Discussion page may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2898528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898528" title="Aribe">
Aribe

Aribe is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2898530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898530" title="Disk staging">
Disk staging

Disk staging is using disks as an additional, temporary stage of backup process before finally storing backup to tape. Backups stay on disk typically for a day or a week, before being copied to tape in a background process and deleted afterwards.
The process of disk staging is controlled by the same software that performs actual backups, which is different from virtual tape library where intermediate disk usage is hidden from main backup software. Both techniques are known as "D2D2T" (disk-to-disk-to-tape). 
Restoring data.
Data is restored from disk "if possible". But if the data exists only on tape it is restored directly (no backward-staging on restore).
Reasons.
Reasons behind using D2D2T:

</doc>
<doc id="2898531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898531" title="Qiu Zhijie">
Qiu Zhijie

Qiu Zhijie (邱志杰; born 1969) is a contemporary Chinese artist who works primarily in video and photography. Overall, Qiu's work suggests the struggle between the forces of destiny and self-assertion. Other common themes are social fragmentation and transience.
Qiu was born in 1969 in Fujian province. In 1992, he graduated from the printmaking department at Zhejiang Academy of Fine Arts, Hangzhou. He now lives and works in Beijing.
The artist's break-through exhibition was in 1992 with "China's New Art, Post-1989" at the Hanart Gallery and Hong Kong Arts Centre. By 1999, his work began receiving overseas interest with his inclusion in "Revolutionary Capitals: Beijing-London" at the Institute of Contemporary Arts, London. In 2007 he had his first solo exhibition in the United States at the New York gallery Chambers Fine Art.
In 2005, his work was exhibited in the Victoria and Albert Museum's "Between Past And Future: New Photography And Video From China", including "Tattoo 1", which explores Qiu's assertion that in our media-saturated age, "signs and codes have overpowered actual human beings, and our bodies have become merely their vehicles." The character bu — meaning "no" — is written across the artist's body and on the wall behind him, creating the illusion that it floats free of the body.
Life and work.
Qiu was born in 1969 in Fujian province, China. He graduated from the printmaking department of the Zhejiang Academy of Fine Arts, Hangzhou in 1992. Soon after, he was developing his technical and conceptual skills, as seen in his graduate work "A New Life" (1992). The installation featured 16 glass panels of different sizes on which texts, slogans, and figures were printed. The installation create a translucent labyrinth from these panels, which allowed the audience to take part in the work as their bodies filled the clear sections of the glass panels. Qiu's work in "A New Life" developed the basis for later works including "Bathroom" (1997) and his "Tattoo" series (1994). The "Tattoo" series in particular further explored the concept of free-floating symbols and words that were imposed on the individual. The imposition of the external world onto the individual for better or worse is also featured in his "Rainbow" photography series.
Beyond symbols, icons, and external pressures, Qiu has explored the concept of transience in many of his works. His "Baguo" series of photographs, for instance, displays scenes of streets with market stalls and buildings, but the streets are filled with ghostly half-transparent roaming figures. These "ghosts" imply a sense that they are coming and going but never stationary enough to make a lasting impression, as the buildings have. His "Propagator in the Darkness" lithograph also presents this theme. The lithograph displays a skeleton shouting through a megaphone inside a bell. Regarding this work, Qiu has said "No one can see him or hear him, but he's still showing his propaganda slogan. For me this is about sounds disappearing, about the past disappearing. Whether it's good or not, we don't know. It's quite a complicated feeling."
According to Qiu in an interview from 2001, the most significant turning point in his career was his work producing the installation "Public Life/Glass Toilet" (1994), which led to an ongoing interest in revealing the otherwise obscured practices of art production.
Qiu is an accomplished author of Art theory books. his published books include as “Image and Post-modernism”, “Give Me A Mask”, “The Boundary of Freedom”, “The Scene is Most Important”, “Photography After Photography”, and “Basic Course in Total Art Creation”.
Qiu is currently a professor at the School of Inter-media Art of China Art Academy, the Director of Total Art Studio and member of the supervisor team in the Art and Social Thoughts Institute. He also curated "Phenomena and Image" in 1996, a series of exhibitions with the theme of “Post-sense Sensibility” between 1999 and 2004, “Long March, A Walking Visual Display” in 2002, and the video portion of the First Guangzhou Triennial and “Archeology of Future: The Second Triennial of Chinese Art” in 2005.
Qiu has been teaching in the Total Art Studio of China Academy of Art since 2003. He has proposed ways to develop the concept of “total art” in both formal academic and professional contexts.
Exhibitions.
The following is a list of solo exhibitions that Qiu has created. He has participated in many more exhibitions in groups.

</doc>
<doc id="2898542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898542" title="Running gear">
Running gear

The term running gear is used to describe the wheels, suspension, steering, powertrain & (usually) chassis/bodyshell of a motor-car or automobile, or the tracks and road wheels of a tank or similar tracked vehicle.
The Running-gear was patented in 1906 by Thomas A. Gray of Farmville, Virginia. Patent # 858.807

</doc>
<doc id="2898546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898546" title="Avaray">
Avaray

Avaray is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department in central France.
History.
Avaray is a French territorial title belonging to a family some of whose members have been conspicuous in history. The Béarnaise family named Besiade moved into the province of Orléanais in the 17th century, and there acquired the estate of Avaray. In 1667 Theophile de Besiade, marquis d'Avaray, obtained the office of grand bailiff of Orleans, which was held by several of his descendants after him.
Claude Antoine de Besiade, marquis d'Avaray, was deputy for the bailliage of Orleans in the states-general of 1789, and proposed a Declaration of the Duties of Man as a pendant to the Declaration of the Rights of Man; he subsequently became a lieutenant-general in 1814, a peer of France in 1815, and duc d'Avaray in 1818. Antoine Louis Francois de Besiade, comte d'Avaray, son of the above, distinguished himself during the Revolution by his devotion to the comte de Provence, afterwards Louis XVIII, whose emigration he assisted. Having nominally become king in 1799, that prince created the estate of Ile-Jourdain a duchy, under the title of Avaray, in favour of the comte d'Avaray, whom he termed his "liberator".

</doc>
