<doc id="2915728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915728" title="Sodium polyacrylate">
Sodium polyacrylate

Sodium polyacrylate, also known as waterlock, is a sodium salt of polyacrylic acid with the chemical formula [-CH2-CH(COONa)-]n and broad application in consumer products. It has the ability to absorb as much as 200 to 300 times its mass in water. Sodium polyacrylate is anionic polyelectrolytes with negatively charged carboxylic groups in the main chain. While sodium neutralized polyacrylic acids are the most common form used in industry, there are also other salts available including potassium, lithium and ammonium.
Applications.
Sodium polyacrylate and other derivatives of polyacrylic acid have a wide variety of commercial and industrial uses that include:

</doc>
<doc id="2915734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915734" title="Alexandros Rizos Rangavis">
Alexandros Rizos Rangavis

Alexandros Rizos Rangavis (; 27 December 180928 June 1892), was a Greek man of letters, poet and statesman.
Early life.
He was born at Constantinople to a Greek Phanariot family. He was educated at Odessa and the military school at Munich. Having served as an officer of artillery in the Bavarian army, he returned to Greece, where he held several high educational and administrative appointments. He subsequently became ambassador at Washington, D.C. (1867), Paris (1868), and Berlin (1874–1886), and was one of the Greek plenipotentiaries at the Congress of Berlin in 1878.
Literary work.
He was the chief representative of a school of literary men whose object was to restore as far as possible the ancient classical language. Of his various works, "Hellenic Antiquities" (1842–1855, of great value for epigraphical purposes), "Archaeologia" (1865–1866), an "illustrated Archaeological Lexicon" (1888–1891), and a "History of Modern Greek Literature" (1877) are of the most interest to scholars. He wrote also the following dramatic pieces: "The Marriage of Kutndes" (comedy), "Dukas" (tragedy), the "Thirty Tyrants", "The Eve" (of the Greek revolution); the romances," The Prince of Morea", "Leila", and "The Notary of Argostoli"; and translated portions of Dante, Schiller, Lessing, Goethe and Shakespeare.
After his recall he lived at Athens, Greece, where he died on 28 June 1892.
A complete edition of his philological works in nineteen volumes was published at Athens (1874–1890), and his "Memoirs" appeared posthumously in 1894–1895.

</doc>
<doc id="2915739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915739" title="People's Artist">
People's Artist

People's Artist is an honorary title in the Soviet Union, Union republics, in some other Eastern bloc states (and communist states in general), as well as in a number of post-Soviet states, modeled after the title of the People's Artist of the USSR.
Russia.
The term is confusingly used to translate two different Russian language titles: "народный артист" (awarded in performing arts, see e.g., :Category:People's Artists of the USSR) and "народный художник" (awarded in some visual arts: painting drawing, and photography, see e.g., :Category:People's Artists of the USSR (visual arts)). Both titles are awarded for exceptional achievements in the corresponding arts.
Some other arts gave rise special titles: People's Architect, People's Writer, People's Poet.
Vietnam.
In Vietnam the abbreviation NSND (Nghệ sĩ Nhân dân) is used. This is Vietnam's top artistic award for a living artist - second only to the often posthumous Ho Chi Minh Prize. The youngest ever recipient was the Russian trained opera soprano Le Dung in 1993. The lesser award of Meritorious Artist is abbreviated NSƯT.

</doc>
<doc id="2915740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915740" title="Noheji Station">
Noheji Station

History.
Noheiji Station was opened on September 1, 1891 as a station of the Nippon Railway. It was nationalized on July 1, 1906 and became a station of the Japanese Government Railways's Tōhoku Main Line. On March 20, 1921, it became the southern terminus of the Ōminato Line. After the end of World War II, the JGR became the Japan National Railways (JNR).
On March 15, 1954 a F-84 Thunderjet from nearby Misawa Air Base crashed on top of Noheji Station, destroying the station building and killing twelve people. The explosion left a crater thee meters wide and two meters deep, and set fire to one of the carriages of the Tōhoku Main Line. Platforms 1 through 3 were also destroyed. The pilot ejected, but his parachute failed to open and he was also killed. 
From August 5, 1968, the Nanbu Jūkan Railway began operations from Noheji (operations ended in 1997). With the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987, it came under the operational control of JR East. The control of the Tōhoku Main Line (between and Aomori) was transferred to Aoimori Railway on December 4, 2010, the day the Tōhoku Shinkansen was extended to .
Station layout.
Noheji Station has a single side platform and two island platforms serving five tracks. The station building has a manned ticketing window, as well as an automatic ticket machine.

</doc>
<doc id="2915741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915741" title="Roy Bentley">
Roy Bentley

Roy Thomas Frank Bentley (born 17 May 1924) is a retired English football player who played 367 games for Chelsea and had 12 caps for the England national side. He later became a manager. Bentley was, for a time, one of England's top centre forwards.
Club career.
Early years.
Bentley served in the Royal Navy during the Second World War and afterwards played for both Bristol City and Bristol Rovers before signing for Newcastle United in 1946. He was with the club for less than two years, but formed a key part of a forward line of the era, alongside Jackie Milburn, Len Shackleton and Charlie Wayman. He reached an FA Cup semi-final with the club in the 1946–47 season, but they were defeated 4–0 by eventual winners Charlton Athletic.
Chelsea.
In January 1948 Bentley signed for London side Chelsea for £12,500, partially because he had been advised by his doctor that a move south would be a remedy for the lung problems from which he occasionally suffered. He arrived at Chelsea as a replacement for Tommy Lawton, who had also moved to Chelsea in search of a cure for lung trouble, and was initially compared unfavourably with his predecessor. His Chelsea career took off slowly as he struggled to adapt to an unfamiliar style of play. They lost 2–4 at home to Huddersfield Town on his debut and he scored just three goals in his first four months with the club.
From there, however, Bentley's fortunes changed. He was an early exponent of the deep-lying centre forward position, an unorthodox tactic which often unsettled opposing defenders. This, combined with a strong heading ability and a powerful shot, saw him score 23 goals in his first full season with Chelsea, making him the club's top scorer, for which he also earned his first England call-up. Though Chelsea's league form during his time there was often patchy, he played a key part in their first major FA Cup run for almost two decades in 1950. He scored two goals in a 3–0 fifth round win against Chesterfield while in the quarter-final against Manchester United his thunderous shot from 30 yards clinched a 2–0 win. Chelsea were eventually knocked out in the semi-finals by Arsenal, despite Bentley giving them a 2–0 lead. During his time at Chelsea, he was picked for the London XI in the Inter-Cities Fairs Cup.
After another semi-final loss in 1952, again to Arsenal, Ted Drake arrived as Chelsea's new manager. Within three years, Bentley had captained Chelsea to their first League title, in 1954–55. In addition to being captain, he scored 21 league goals during the season, including a hat-trick against Newcastle and two strikes in a 4–3 win against principal rivals Wolverhampton Wanderers. Bentley remained with Chelsea for only one more season and was one of the first to leave as the ageing championship-winning side was gradually broken up by Drake.
Having scored 150 goals in 367 appearances, Bentley is, as of 2014, joint fourth in Chelsea's all-time goalscorers list, level with Peter Osgood as Frank Lampard topped the goal tally on 27 March 2010. He was top scorer at the club in each of his eight full seasons there.
Fulham & QPR.
Bentley signed for Chelsea's West London neighbours Fulham in 1956. At Fulham Bentley was converted into a centre-half and they reached the FA Cup semi-finals in 1958, where he was once again on the losing side. In 1960 he left Fulham but again stayed in West London, this time moving to Queens Park Rangers, where he saw out the remainder of his playing career.
International career.
Bentley was an England international for six years. He made his debut against Sweden and played for his country at the 1950 FIFA World Cup, including the 1–0 defeat to the USA. He scored the winning goal against Scotland in qualifying for that tournament to deny the Scots a place, for which he was dubbed "the man who robbed Scotland of Rio." In November 1954 he scored a hat-trick against Wales. He earned twelve England caps and scored nine goals.
England's goal tally first.
Management.
Following his retirement from playing, Bentley moved into management. He took over at Reading and later Swansea City, winning promotion to the old Third Division with the latter. He returned to Reading in 1977, this time as club secretary.
Retirement.
In the late 1980s Bentley lived in Chigwell, Essex. As of 2014 he lives in Reading, Berkshire. Following the death of Tom Finney in February 2014, Bentley became the only surviving player from England's 1950 World Cup squad.

</doc>
<doc id="2915742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915742" title="Mountnessing">
Mountnessing

Mountnessing is a village in the Borough of Brentwood in south Essex, England. It is situated to the north-east of Brentwood, south-west of Ingatestone. A large proportion of the houses are situated on the Roman Road (formerly the A12 road until the village was bypassed in the 1970s) between Brentwood and Ingatestone. The village is approximately equidistant between the two closest railway stations of Shenfield and Ingatestone.
Features of Mountnessing are its windmill and the parish church of St Giles. An annual village fete in held in July. In the "Windmill" field there is also a village hall, cricket pitch, football pitches and tennis courts. 
It has three pubs, "The George and Dragon", "The Plough" and the "Prince of Wales", a butcher's and an Indian restaurant.
There is a primary school, Mountnessing C of E, on Roman Road.
St.Giles church is located mid-way between Mountnessing and Billericay.

</doc>
<doc id="2915751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915751" title="Christopher Foster (cricketer)">
Christopher Foster (cricketer)

Christopher Knollys Foster (27 September 1904 – 4 December 1971) was an English cricketer. A right-handed batsman, he played first-class cricket for Worcestershire in 1927.
Biography.
The son of Henry Foster, one of the Foster brothers that dominated Worcestershire cricket in the early years of the 20th century, Christopher Foster was born in Herefordshire in 1904. In 1926, before making his first-class debut, he played two matches for the MCC against Ireland in Belfast and Dublin.
He played three first-class matches in 1927, two County Championship matches against Middlesex and Somerset, and a match against New Zealand. He played a match for the Federated Malay States against the Straits Settlements in 1930.
He died in Hereford in 1971. His cousin John Greenstock played for Worcestershire and Oxford University and another cousin, Peter Foster, played for Oxford University and Kent.

</doc>
<doc id="2915752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915752" title="Navestock">
Navestock

Navestock is a civil parish in the Borough of Brentwood in south Essex, in the East of England region of the United Kingdom. It is located approximately northwest of the town of Brentwood and the M25 motorway cuts through the western edge of the parish. It covers an area of in excess of 1800 hectares (4500 acres) and had a population of 510 in 2001. The name means ‘the stump on the headland’, which reflects its topography and landscape. 
History.
The western edge of the parish was within the ancient forest of Essex, and two boundary stones still mark its limits. Enclosure of common land took place in 1770. Navestock was an early centre for cricket, which has been played on the green at Navestock Side since the 18th century. 
According to the census of 1801 the population of Navestock was 623, and reached a peak of 982 in 1851. There was then a gradual decline in population during the period of agricultural depression in the late 19th century and the 1901 census recorded only 692 inhabitants. After fluctuating at around that level in the first half of the 20th century the population has declined further and was only 510 in 2001. This makes Navestock unusual in that despite its proximity to London its population is below its level of two hundred years ago.
Historically Navestock was included in the hundred of Ongar. It formed part of the Ongar Rural District Council from 1894 until that authority was absorbed into Epping and Ongar Rural District Council in 1955. Following local government reorganisation in 1974 it has been part of the Borough of Brentwood. The present civil parish retains largely the same boundaries as the ancient parish as it existed prior to the mid-19th century, and forms part of the 'Brizes and Doddinghurst' district council ward.
Geography.
Navestock remains a rural and agricultural parish despite being less than 30 km from central London. It is not served well by main roads and so despite being well within the London commuter belt has undergone little recent housing development, and retains a feeling of remoteness. There is no traditional nucleated village in Navestock, but there is a concentration of houses at Navestock Side in the east of the parish and a rather more dispersed one at Navestock Heath in the centre. The medieval church and hall are in an isolated position about a mile further north from Navestock Heath.
The greater part of the parish sits on top of two spurs divided by a stream flowing north into the River Roding, which forms the northern boundary of the parish. The highest point is 103m near Navestock Side in the eastern edge of the parish, while much of the centre and south of the parish forms a plateau generally above 70 metres. The land falls away steeply to the north to the Roding valley, the lowest point being below 30m where the Roding leaves the parish in the far north-west corner.
Landmarks.
The country house Abbotswick Hall, now a Catholic retreat centre is located in the parish.

</doc>
<doc id="2915757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915757" title="East Horndon">
East Horndon

East Horndon is a village in the civil parish of West Horndon, in the south of the borough of Brentwood in Essex in the East of England. It is situated just south of the A127 road near Herongate. The village Church of All Saints is located to the north of the A127, and is redundant, but in the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
History.
There were two manors in East Horndon, Heron on the north of the church and Abbotts on the south. By the 14th century the Tyrells of Herongate had been gaining influence, and became the patrons of the church. This family demolished most of the Norman church, rebuilding it in the present style. The chancel and south transept are late 15th century. There is a splendid limestone figure of Alice, wife of Sir John Tyrell, flanked by her children all named. The south and north chapels were built for the interments of the family. Climb the stairs to enter the south gallery - a pleasant living room for the chantry priest in pre-Reformation times, even a Tudor fireplace. Outside this attractive building is a squat tower with distinctive corner turrets, and a stepped parapet.
Below, on the south of the church, East Horndon is reduced to the original old road to Herongate, winding up the hill, two restaurants and two houses. Crossing the road bridge to the other side and returning the way we have come, we find the old road running off towards the Thames, and in its angle is East Horndon Hall, the old manor or Abbots. There is reputed to have been a tunnel from the Hall to the church across the present Southend Road.
East Horndon once had its own petrol station with a nightlcub known as "Elliots". The nightclub and petrol station still remain today, but they are totally derelict. Many locals visit the nightclub, but it is a very unsafe building.
The southern portion of the traditional parish of East Horndon is now in the unitary authority of Thurrock.
Legends.
Two legends persist about the church. One tells of Sir James Tyrell who went to slay a dragon and died. It appears that he had been asked to kill a serpent-type animal which escaped from a ship in the Thames and roamed the woods round the manor of Herongate and the church, terrifying the people. He managed to slay it, chopping of its head, but he died from his exertions. [http://www.foolishpeople.com/foolishpeople/2005/11/british_dragon_.html] His son, looking for him, trod on a bone of the animal and, gangrene setting in, he lost his leg. The is a glass window at Heron depicting a one-legged man. The legend has recently been reworked in comic book form in "London Falling".
The second legend is that Queen Anne Boleyn's head or heart is buried there.

</doc>
<doc id="2915785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915785" title="Luke Bedford">
Luke Bedford

Luke Bedford (born 25 April 1978) is a British composer.
Bedford was born in Wokingham, Berkshire, where he was educated at St Crispin's School. He studied composition with Edwin Roxburgh and Simon Bainbridge at the Royal College of Music, and won the Mendelssohn Scholarship in 2000. This was followed by post-graduate study with Simon Bainbridge at the Royal Academy of Music. In 2007 Bedford signed to Universal Edition London.
Awards include the 2000 Royal Philharmonic Society Composition Prize for composers under 29 and the 2004 BBC Radio 3 Listeners' Award at the British Composer Awards. In 2007, Bedford became the first compositional recipient of a Paul Hamlyn Artists' Award since David Sawer in 1993. 2007 also saw him receive a nomination for the Royal Philharmonic Society large-scale composition prize, for his song cycle "Or Voit Tout En Aventure". In 2008, Bedford received his second British Composer Award for his 2007 orchestral work "Wreathe".
On the 24 January 2008, director of the Wigmore Hall John Gilhooly announced Bedford as the venue's first ever Composer-in-Residence. “Luke Bedford is an important young voice and a distinctive musical force, and we are very pleased that he has accepted our invitation to become our Composer-in-Residence from 2009. The position will involve composition as well as working with the Hall’s Community & Education programme.”
Luke is married to Katie (née Fox), and currently resides in Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="2915791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915791" title="Warley, Essex">
Warley, Essex

Warley is a suburb of Brentwood in Essex, situated to the south of the town. It is notable for being home to the British headquarters of Ford Motor Company.
It is also home to a new development of houses situated on the former site of Warley Hospital (a mental hospital), called Clements Park. The development includes a range of house styles modelled around local themes, such as the former water tower that supplied the local area. It also includes the former hospital chapel that has now been converted to flats.
There was also another prominent mental hospital in Warley for over 150 years, known as Mascalls Park Mental Hospital, although its operations were moved to the site of Goodmayes Hospital in early 2011.
There is a council polling ward by the name Warley, which takes in Great Warley, Little Warley, Childerditch and the Woodman Road/Hartswood area of Brentwood. Traditionally it has been a Liberal Democrat-Conservative marginal, which won brief fame in 2007 after it elected the youngest ever councillor in Britain, at eighteen years of age.
Military history.
The military has associations with Warley going back over 200 years. It also had strategic importance during the time of the Spanish Armada - it was used as a meeting place for contingents from eight eastern and midland counties (900 horsemen assembled here) to then travel on to Tilbury. The local common was used as a military camp in 1742, and became a permanent feature as Warley Barracks in 1804.
The Essex Regiment Chapel is located in Eagle Way.() The chapel was built in 1857 and is a Grade II listed building. It was originally built for the East India Company, but with the establishment of the Essex Regiment Depot at Warley, the chapel became the regiment's "home" church. The chapel's interior contains displays of regimental history, memorials, heraldry and regimental colours. The chapel is open by appointment, and on regimental heritage days.
The chapel is nearby to the Warley (Brentwood) Army Reserve drill hall, which is the headquarters of 124 Petroleum Squadron, part of 151 (London) Transport Regiment of the Royal Logistic Corps.
The site of the old regimental depot and barracks is now the headquarters of the Ford Motor Company. Most of the barracks have been demolished and only the chapel, the officers' mess (now Marillac Nursing Home) and one of the regimental gyms (Keys Hall) remain.

</doc>
<doc id="2915793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915793" title="Stondon Massey">
Stondon Massey

Stondon Massey is a village in south Essex. It is situated to the north of Brentwood, between Blackmore and Doddinghurst. The village possesses a rural feel to it, and in its first entry to the 'Best kept village in Essex' competition, won 'Best New Entry'.
Stondon Massey hosts an annual Village Fete on the village green.
Etymology and history.
Stondon means ‘ stone hill’, a Saxon settlement was established near to the site of the 12th Century church of St Peter’s & St Paul’s, where William Byrd, the Tudor composer was buried. A low gravel hill was known as a ‘down’. Hence the name Stondon. Massey is derived from Serlo de Marci, a Norman knight who lived in Ongar. 
Stondon Massey is still mainly rural, but there has been a good deal of suburban building during the past 30 years.
There have been three successive manor houses, the oldest of which is Stondon Hall, near the church. The north wing of the Hall is probably of the 15th century, and there is some 16th and 17th century panelling inside.
Stondon Place, originally a farmhouse, was rebuilt about 1707, and again after a fire, about 1880. From 1593 to 1623, it was the home of William Byrd, the musician.
The church of St Peter and St Paul retains the nave and chancel and some of the original round-headed arches of 1100. There is a brass of 1570 to John Carre, Ironmonger and Merchant Adventurer of London, with figures of himself and his two wives, and another, of 1573, to Rainold Hollingsworth.
Nathaniel Ward, Rector of Stondon from 1623 to 1633, was deprived of his living for non-conformity. He subsequently emigrated to New England and helped draft the 1641 Code of Laws for Massachusetts.
The main part of the village is now just over a mile to the south of the church probably due to the plague of 1350.
Political.
The village forms part of the 'Tipps Cross' ward of Brentwood Council. It also forms part of the 'Five Parishes'. These are Stondon Massey, Blackmore, Kelvedon Hatch, Navestock and Doddinghurst. These are all covered by the voluntary first aiders, The Five parishes First response. 

</doc>
<doc id="2915795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915795" title="Behind the Sun (Eric Clapton album)">
Behind the Sun (Eric Clapton album)

Behind the Sun is the ninth album by English guitarist Eric Clapton, released in 1985. The title of the album comes from a line from Muddy Waters's "Louisiana Blues". It is also Clapton's first collaborative project with Phil Collins.
Background and recording.
After nearly a decade of Clapton's guitar playing taking a back seat to his singing/songwriting, this album featured more guitar work by Clapton since the Cream era of the 1960s. The album features synthesizers and drum machines played by Phil Collins, Ted Templeman, Peter Robinson, Michael Omartian, James Newton Howard, Chris Stainton and Greg Phillinganes, as well as Clapton's Roland guitar synthesizer on the 9th track, "Never Make You Cry". Bassists Donald Duck Dunn from Booker T. & the MG's and Nathan East from the smooth jazz quartet Fourplay also played on the sessions.
In his autobiography, Clapton remembers the 1984 session pleasantly: "The whole thing is going so great, I hope it never stops." However, his troubled marriage with Pattie Boyd became the subject matter for most of his original material: "She's Waiting", "Same Old Blues" and "Just Like a Prisoner" all contain extended guitar solos by Clapton. It was during this period that Pattie left him "and it was eventually decided that we should have a trial separation." Clapton assuaged his pain by writing the song "Behind the Sun" featuring only his guitar & vocals and Phil Collins' synthesizer, which became the final song on the album.
This was also Clapton's first collaboration with songwriter Jerry Lynn Williams. Warner looked critically at this follow-up to the "Money and Cigarettes" album, which did not sell well and was Clapton's first for the label. The Phil Collins-produced "Behind the Sun", in the fall of 1984—the first version submitted—was rejected by the label, insisting that he record several new songs written by Jerry Williams, backed by Los Angeles session players. The label put the project under the auspices of veteran company producers Lenny Waronker and Ted Templeman. Warner then emphasised the new tracks, releasing two of them, "Forever Man" (which reached the Top 40) and "See What Love Can Do," as singles. The resulting album, not surprisingly, was somewhat disjointed, though the company may have been correct in thinking that the album as a whole was competent without being very exciting in response to the original line-up of songs for the album because they wanted the album to have more hit single material, Clapton agreed to their terms, but asked them to provide some "hits" and record the songs with their own producer and musicians: "They sent me three songs by a Texas songwriter – "Forever Man", "Something's Happening" and "See What Love Can Do" – and they were good." The sessions featured Toto guitarist Steve Lukather and former drummer Jeff Porcaro, as well as Clapton's long-time collaborators, drummer Jamie Oldaker, bassist Nathan East and keyboardist Greg Phillinganes, who officially joined Toto in 2005.
Promotion.
The Behind The Sun tour was featured at the first Live Aid concert in 1985 where "She's Waiting" was performed along with "White Room" and "Layla". The video for "Forever Man" became an MTV favourite, featuring an accident where one of the cameras falls off the dolly.
"Same Old Blues" was resurrected for the "After Midnight" tour and the Montserrat charity show in 1988 and 1997, with Mark Knopfler on rhythm guitar; Clapton re-performed "She's Waiting" in 1990, 1991 and 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="2915799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915799" title="Hutton, Essex">
Hutton, Essex

Hutton is a former country village in south Essex. Today, it acts more as a commuter suburb of Brentwood. It has good links to Central London (around to the south west) via Shenfield train station which is just from Hutton. Brentwood town centre lies 3 miles to the west.The area can be split between modest housing estates and the largely affluent Hutton Mount.
History.
The first police officer of the Essex Constabulary to be killed whilst on active duty was Robert Bambrough, who was drowned in a pond in Hutton by the criminal that he was escorting from Billericay Magistrates Court on 21 November 1850.[http://www.essex.police.uk/memorial/roll_bam.htm].
Hutton Poplars.
Opened in 1905. The name given to the Training School or Residential Home situated near the village of Hutton for destitute children from the district of Poplar in the east end of London. Capable of housing anything from 400 - 700 children at any one time. Like much of London during the Victorian era the Borough of Poplar faced high poverty levels. As the 19th century drew to a close the workhouses and orphanages in the borough were trying to cope with significant overcrowding. The chairman of the Board of Guardians for the region, George Lansbury, saw an opportunity to expand their operations into the Essex countryside, and convinced the Board to acquire of land situated between Hutton and Shenfield on the Rayleigh Road. In 1906 the Board completed work on a self-contained community with its own stores, school, indoor swimming pool and an array of ancillary buildings alongside the accommodation for the staff and a significant number of orphans living in small groups.
The cost of the project caused uproar in the Houses of Parliament when it first opened. Some MPs complained that with their parquet flooring and central heating the buildings were more of the comfort levels of a public school like Eton than an orphans training school. However once operational the project received recognition for its good work, with a Governmental inspection in early 1914 rating the facilities as ""among the best in Britain"" with the children ""well cared for by an efficient staff of specially selected teachers."" A Royal visit followed in 1918.
The placement of such an establishment was controversial with the local residents. The hostility dragged out some time, with the children referred to as "outsiders" and thought best avoided by the local residents. Towards the end of the 20th century this attitude is regarded as having mellowed.
The administration of Hutton Poplars passed to the London County Council in the 1920s subsequently opening its doors to children from all parts of East and North London. 
Several thousand children passed through its gates over the next six decades. Inevitably the cost of running such an establishment came under scrutiny and an eventual policy shift saw the responsibility for child care passing to the individual borough councils with smaller care homes springing up to replace these Victorian monoliths.
The creation of the Greater London Council in 1966 replacing the London County Council resulted in the London Borough of Hackney taking administrative control of the residential home. Charged with emptying it of non Hackney residents and ultimately selling it off to property developers children began leaving for smaller establishments in and around London. Hackney continued to house its children there until 1982.
Hutton Poplar remained open until 1982. The buildings then witnessed various fates under Essex County Council. The swimming pool was demolished despite local residents pleas for it to become a facility for the wider community. The school hall, known as Bishops Hill, has been maintained as an Adult Community Learning centre for the Mid Essex Adult Community College. Hutton Poplar Hall was restored in 1991 and may now be hired from Brentwood Borough Council.
The new housing development on the old site was modelled largely on the original layout with houses forming an oval around central open spaces. The Essex Dining Hall remains as a traditional village hall.
Whit Monday was traditionally a reunion day when former residents were encouraged to visit for the annual open fete day. A reunion still takes place in the Essex dining hall on Whit Monday every year. Centenary celebrations took place in 2006. Former residents or anyone with connections to Hutton Poplars are most welcome at the annual event.
Hutton Country Park.
Hutton Country Park is a Local Nature Reserve based on former farmland. The park is owned by Brentwood Borough Council having been acquired from Tarmac in 1997 to protect it from development. The park is in two sectors divided by the railway, the northern boundary is formed by the River Wid, the western boundary by Wash Road, the southern boundary by housing development off the Rayleigh Road and the eastern boundary remains contiguous with farmland. Access to the park is from Wash Road.
Additions to build on.
Hutton All Saints' Church is a small grade II* listed ancient structure, with a wooden steeple, containing five bells. It has a more modern subsidiary church, St. Peter's, built in the 1950s as a dual purpose church and hall - a daughter church of All Saints', to serve the newly-developing housing estates in the centre of Hutton. In 1990, it was possible to extend the building to provide separate worship and community areas. In 2001, generous grant funding enabled a complete refurbishment of the whole building to improve the facilities available to church and community organisations.
Schools.
Hutton has four primary schools: Long Ridings, St Joseph the Worker (Roman Catholic), All Saints (C of E) and Willowbrook (previously known as Hutton County Primary School).
The town also has two preparatory schools: Herrington House School and Woodlands School Hutton Manor.
The area also contains a secondary school and sixth form college, St Martin's School.
External links.
NATIONAL ARCHIVES: 
HACKNEY ARCHIVES: 
HUTTON POPLAR SCHOOL INFO and LINKS: 
HUTTON POPLAR SCHOOL / LIST OF RESIDENTS 1930's - 1970's (and 1990's?)
FLICKR / HUTTON HALL PHOTOS http://www.flickr.com/photos/maineexile/sets/72157608300368858/detail/ 
FLICKR / HUTTON RESIDENTIAL SCHOOL 
Friends Reunited:
Facebook:

</doc>
<doc id="2915804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915804" title="Kaori Manabe">
Kaori Manabe

Works.
Her television roles have included the following.

</doc>
<doc id="2915807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915807" title="49 Cancri">
49 Cancri

49 Cancri (abbr.: 49/b Cnc) is an A-class star in the constellation Cancer. Its apparent magnitude is 5.63.

</doc>
<doc id="2915808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915808" title="Internet Low Bitrate Codec">
Internet Low Bitrate Codec

Internet Low Bitrate Codec (iLBC) is an open source royalty-free narrowband speech audio coding format and reference codec implementation, developed by Global IP Solutions (GIPS) formerly Global IP Solutions(acquired by Google Inc in 2011). It was formerly freeware with limited commercial use, but since 2011 it is available under a free software/open source (3-clause BSD license) license as a part of the open source WebRTC project. It is suitable for VoIP applications, streaming audio, archival and messaging. The algorithm is a version of block-independent linear predictive coding, with the choice of data frame lengths of 20 and 30 milliseconds. The encoded blocks have to be encapsulated in a suitable protocol for transport, usually the Real-time Transport Protocol (RTP).
iLBC handles the case of lost frames through graceful speech quality degradation. Lost frames often occur in connection with lost or delayed IP packets. Ordinary low-bitrate codecs exploit dependencies between speech frames, which unfortunately results in error propagation when packets are lost or delayed. In contrast, iLBC-encoded speech frames are independent and so this problem will not occur.
iLBC is defined in RFC 3951. It is one of the codecs used by Gizmo5, webRTC, Ekiga, QuteCom, Google Talk, Yahoo! Messenger, Polycom IP Phone and Maemo Recorder (on the Nokia N800/N810) and many others.
iLBC was submitted to IETF in 2002 and the final specification was published in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="2915809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915809" title="British NVC community MG12">
British NVC community MG12

__NOTOC__
British NVC community MG12 (Festuca arundinacea grassland) is one of the mesotrophic grassland communities in the British National Vegetation Classification system. It is one of three types of mesotrophic grassland classified as grass-dominated inundation communities.
It is a fairly localised coastal community. There are two subcommunities.
Community composition.
The following constant species are found in this community:
No rare species are associated with this community.
Distribution.
This community is exclusively coastal; it is mainly found on the south coast and western coasts of Britain, with an outlying site on the coast of Yorkshire.
Subcommunities.
There are two subcommunities:

</doc>
<doc id="2915812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915812" title="36 Cancri">
36 Cancri

36 Cancri (abbr.: 36/c Cnc) is an A-class star in the constellation Cancer. Its apparent magnitude is 5.92.

</doc>
<doc id="2915817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915817" title="20 Cancri">
20 Cancri

20 Cancri (20 Cnc, d1 Cancri, d1 Cnc) is a star in the constellation Cancer. Its apparent magnitude is 5.94.

</doc>
<doc id="2915820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915820" title="Empress Liang Nüying">
Empress Liang Nüying

Empress Liang Nüying (梁女瑩) (died 159), formally Empress Yixian (懿獻皇后, literally "the meek and wise empress") was an empress during Han Dynasty. She was Emperor Huan's first wife.
Family background.
It is not known when Liang Nüying was born, but what is known is that in her young age she was accustomed to an honored position as the daughter of the Grand Marshall Liang Shang (梁商) and the sister to Empress Liang Na, Emperor Shun's wife, and later regent to his son Emperor Chong, and two successors from collateral lines, Emperors Zhi and Huan. Indeed, it was because she was betrothed to Emperor Huan (who was then the Marquess of Liwu) that her brother, the powerful Liang Ji, insisted on making him emperor in 146 after poisoning Emperor Zhi. After Emperor Huan became emperor, he married her in 147 and created her empress.
As empress.
As an empress, Empress Liang was somewhat in the shadow of her sister, the empress dowager, and brother, and not much is known about her. Traditional history indicates that because of her honored position as the empress dowager's sister, initially, Emperor Huan did not dare to have any other favorite consorts. She was described as so luxurious in her living that her expenses far exceeded the empresses of the past. After her sister died in 150, she began to lose Emperor Huan's favor, but she continued to be greatly jealous. As she was sonless, she did not want any imperial consorts to have sons—so she would have them killed if they became pregnant. With Liang Ji effectively in control of government, Emperor Huan did not dare to respond, but he would rarely have sexual relations with her. Empress Liang died in anger on August 9th, 159 and was buried with the honors of an empress. 
Later that year, Emperor Huan, in conjunction with eunuchs, overthrew Liang Ji in a coup d'etat. The Liang clan was slaughtered. On September 29th, Empress Liang's tomb was retitled a tomb of an "Honored Lady", effectively meaning that she was posthumously demoted. 
On the 28th day of the August of that same year, she was buried in Yiling.

</doc>
<doc id="2915826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915826" title="25 Cancri">
25 Cancri

25 Cancri (25 Cnc, d2 Cancri, d2 Cnc) is a star in the constellation Cancer. Its apparent magnitude is 6.11.

</doc>
<doc id="2915831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915831" title="Trump International Hotel and Tower (New York City)">
Trump International Hotel and Tower (New York City)

__notoc__
The Trump International Hotel and Tower is a high-rise building, located at 1 Central Park West on Columbus Circle between Broadway and Central Park West, in Manhattan, New York City. The building is 579 ft (176 m) tall. 
It is owned by The Trump Organization and features hotel rooms and residential condominiums. The building was originally the Gulf and Western, designed by Thomas E. Stanley and built in 1969. Between 1995 and 1997, the building was stripped to its skeleton and given a new facade designed by Philip Johnson and Costas Kondylis.
The building is used as the setting of the 2011 comedy crime film "Tower Heist".

</doc>
<doc id="2915834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915834" title="Error threshold (evolution)">
Error threshold (evolution)

In evolutionary biology and population genetics, the error threshold (or critical mutation rate) is a limit on the number of base pairs a self-replicating molecule may have before mutation will destroy the information in subsequent generations of the molecule. The error threshold is crucial to understanding "Eigen's paradox".
The error threshold is a concept in the origins of life (abiogenesis), in particular of very early life, before the advent of DNA. It is postulated that the first self-replicating molecules might have been small ribozyme-like RNA molecules. These molecules consist of strings of base pairs or "digits", and their order is a code that directs how the molecule interacts with its environment. All replication is subject to mutation error. During the replication process, each digit has a certain probability of being replaced by some other digit, which changes the way the molecule interacts with its environment, and may increase or decrease its fitness, or ability to reproduce, in that environment.
Fitness landscape.
It was noted by Manfred Eigen in his 1971 paper (Eigen 1971) that this mutation process places a limit on the number of digits a molecule may have. If a molecule exceeds this critical size, the effect of the mutations become overwhelming and a runaway mutation process will destroy the information in subsequent generations of the molecule. The error threshold is also controlled by the fitness landscape for the molecules. Molecules that differ only by a few mutations may be thought of as "close" to each other, while those that differ by many mutations are distant from each other. Molecules that are very fit, and likely to reproduce, have a "high" fitness, those less fit have "low" fitness.
These ideas of proximity and height form the intuitive concept of the "fitness landscape". If a particular sequence and its neighbors have a high fitness, they will form a quasispecies and will be able to support longer sequence lengths than a fit sequence with few fit neighbors, or a less fit neighborhood of sequences. Also, it was noted by Wilke (Wilke 2005) that the error threshold concept does not apply in portions of the landscape where there are lethal mutations, in which the induced mutation yields zero fitness and prohibits the molecule from reproducing.
Eigen's Paradox.
Eigen's paradox is one of the most intractable puzzles in the study of the origins of life. It is thought that the error threshold concept described above limits the size of self replicating molecules to perhaps a few hundred digits, yet almost all life on earth requires much longer molecules to encode their genetic information. This problem is handled in living cells by enzymes that repair mutations, allowing the encoding molecules to reach sizes on the order of millions of base pairs. These large molecules must, of course, encode the very enzymes that repair them, and herein lies Eigen's paradox, first put forth by Manfred Eigen in his 1971 paper (Eigen 1971). Simply stated, Eigen's paradox amounts to the following:
This is a chicken-or-egg kind of a paradox, with an even more difficult solution. Which came first, the large genome or the error correction enzymes? A number of solutions to this paradox have been proposed:
A simple mathematical model.
Consider a 3-digit molecule where A, B, and C can take on the values 0 and 1. There are eight such sequences ([000, [010, [100, [110, and Let's say that the [000 molecule is the most fit; upon each replication it produces an average of formula_1 copies, where formula_2. This molecule is called the "master sequence". The other seven sequences are less fit; they each produce only 1 copy per replication. The replication of each of the three digits is done with a mutation rate of μ. In other words, at every replication of a digit of a sequence, there is a probability formula_3 that it will be erroneous; 0 will be replaced by 1 or vice versa. Let's ignore double mutations, and divide the eight molecules into three classes depending on their Hamming distance from the master sequence:
Note that the number of sequences for distance "d" is just the binomial coefficient formula_4 for L=3, and that each sequence can be visualized as the vertex of an L=3 dimensional cube, with each edge of the cube specifying a mutation path in which the change Hamming distance is either zero or ±1. It can be seen that, for example, one third of the mutations of the molecules will produce [000 molecules, while the other two thirds will produce the class 2 molecules and [101. We can now write the expression for the child populations formula_5 of class "i" in terms of the parent populations formula_6.
where the fitness matrix w is given by:
where formula_9 is the probability that an entire molecule will be replicated successfully. The eigenvectors of the w matrix will yield the equilibrium population numbers for each class. For example, if the mutation rate μ is zero, we will have Q=1, and the equilibrium concentrations will be formula_10. It can be seen that the master sequence is not as dominant. If we have a replication fidelity of Q=0, then the equilibrium concentrations will be roughly formula_11.
(This multiplication will show the population for an individual sequence at that distance, and will yield a flat line for an equal distribution.) The selective advantage of the master sequence is set at a=1.05. The horizontal axis is the Hamming distance "d" . The various curves are for various total mutation rates formula_12. It is seen that for low values of the total mutation rate, the population consists of a quasispecies gathered in the neighborhood of the master sequence. Above a total mutation rate of about 1-Q=0.05, the distribution quickly spreads out to populate all sequences equally. The plot below on the right shows the fractional population of the master sequence as a function of the total mutation rate. Again it is seen that below a critical mutation rate of about 1-Q=0.05, the master sequence contains most of the population, while above this rate, it contains only about formula_13 of the total population.
It can be seen that there is a sharp transition at a value of "1-Q"  just a bit larger than 0.05. For mutation rates above this value, the population of the master sequence drops to practically zero. Above this value, it dominates.
In the limit as "L" approaches infinity, the system does in fact have a phase transition at a critical value of Q: formula_14. One could think of the overall mutation rate (1-Q) as a sort of "temperature", which "melts" the fidelity of the molecular sequences above the critical "temperature" of formula_15. For faithful replication to occur, the information must be "frozen" into the genome.

</doc>
<doc id="2915835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915835" title="PZL TS-16 Grot">
PZL TS-16 Grot

__NOTOC__
The TS-16 Grot ("Arrowhead") was a supersonic Striker and military jet trainer designed in Poland by Tadeusz Sołtyk. It is the first jet made without any foreign support from the East, and its creation was received very coldly by both the Kremlin and by the West (since Poland was under Soviet protection at the time). The project was started in 1958, but was canceled in 1964 for unknown reasons before production could start. Despite this, a mockup designated TS-16RD was built. The RD version was expected to use Soviet RD-9B engine from the MIG-19 although an indigenous powerplant called the SO-2 was also in development for the final version. The production version was to have two engines, although the TS-16RD prototype that was built had only one.

</doc>
<doc id="2915839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915839" title="Dissection problem">
Dissection problem

In geometry, a dissection problem is the problem of partitioning a geometric figure (such as a polytope or ball) into smaller pieces that may be rearranged into a new figure of equal content. In this context, the partitioning is called simply a dissection (of one polytope into another). It is usually required that the dissection use only a finite number of pieces. 
The Bolyai-Gerwien theorem states that any polygon may be dissected into any other polygon of the same area. It is not true, however, that any polyhedron has a dissection into any other polyhedron of the same volume. This process "is" possible, however, for any two honeycombs (such as cube) in three dimension and any two zonohedra of equal volume (in any dimension).
A dissection into triangles of equal area is called an equidissection. Most polygons cannot be equidissected, and those that can often have restrictions on the possible numbers of triangles. For example, Monsky's theorem states that there is no odd equidissection of a square.

</doc>
<doc id="2915840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915840" title="West Horndon">
West Horndon

West Horndon is a village in the parish of West Horndon in the south of the Brentwood borough of Essex on the boundary with Thurrock and in the East of England. It is located 20 miles (32 km) east north-east of Charing Cross in London.
The village has its own parish council and forms part of the 'Herongate, Ingrave and West Horndon' ward of Brentwood Council. The local school is West Horndon Primary School, and the village falls within the Brentwood County High catchment area.
Locale.
The village is surrounded by open countryside and an industrial estate. It is the first area east of London to not be continuously built up. There are hills rising as high as 100 metres covered in trees, arable fields and fenland of London clay.
There are several streams running down from the hills into the Mar Dyke which drains the fens out to the Thames at Purfleet. There was a time when it was planned to make the Mardyke into a canal but it was never brought to fruition.
Thorndon Avenue is a long straight road leading to the heart of the modern village of West Horndon. Halfway down is the junior school with playing fields at the back and opposite is the modern church of St Francis. At the centre of the village is a village hall which was built around 1961. On the other side of Station Road (which runs through the centre of the village) is a housing estate, consisting of meandering roads and cul-de-sacs, bordered at the rear by the railway line. Road names on this estate are named after places in Essex, namely Fyfield Close, Clavering Gardens, Witham Gardens, Dunmow Gardens and Chafford Gardens. More modern housing exists off both sides of Station Road towards the Industrial estate and railway station.
Transport.
West Horndon railway station is a station on the London, Tilbury and Southend Railway main line from London to Southend. The Railway Hotel, behind the station, was once a coaching inn. North of the town and parallel to the railway is the A127 Southend Arterial Road. West Horndon is east of junction 29 of the M25 motorway.
The village is served by two bus routes which both terminate in Brentwood.
History.
Originally there were three manors in the area of West Horndon, Tillingham Hall being the one which had most of the land in its borders. In 1066 Alwin, a free woman held it, but by 1086 it had passed to Swain of Essex in the hundred of Barstable. Following this the Tillingham family held the hall for several hundred years.
It was eventually sold to Sir William Bawd, who conveyed it to Coggeshall Abbey, where it remained until the Dissolution of the Monasteries. It is thought that the Abbey began to restrict the rights of the commons, for there were many proceedings in the manor-courts against the ordinary people, supposedly trespassing on the land of the lords. After they acquired the commonland it was mostly left as wild heath and woods, much as we see it today, the later lords of the manor having much pleasure hunting to hounds through it, even as far as Southend.
The church of All Saints is built entirely of brick, the present one being the third on this site. The village of Torinduna (Thornhill) referred to in Domesday was built around this hill. The Saxon church was built around AD 807, then rebuilt in the Norman style by the Neville family about 1200.
In 1930, three houses were given to farm workers, only one of these remain, Number 18 Thorndon avenue. This house has been restored to its original condition. The rest of Thorndon avenue was constructed during the 50s.
The southern portion of the traditional parish of West Horndon is now in the unitary authority of Thurrock.

</doc>
<doc id="2915848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915848" title="Ingrave">
Ingrave

Ingrave is a village in the borough of Brentwood in Essex, England. It is situated on and around the A128 road, 2 miles (3.2 km) southeast of the town of Brentwood. Together with the adjoining village of Herongate, it forms the Herongate and Ingrave civil parish.
Name and history.
Ingrave's name is derived from that of the original manor in this area, "Ging-Ralph" or "Ralph’s-ing". The manor was originally owned by the Mordaunt family but was acquired by the Petre family in 1573. The Petres built Thorndon Hall (now luxury apartments) on the site in 1770.

</doc>
<doc id="2915858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915858" title="Monostich">
Monostich

A monostich is a poem which consists of a single line.
The following is an example:
A monostich could be also titled; due to the brevity of the form, the title is invariably as important a part of the poem as the verse itself:
Some examples of one-line poems were created by Ancient authors (Martial e.g.). Modern monostich was started in Russia in 1894 when Valery Bryusov published the single line of pretty absurdic essence:
In Western poetry monostich was reinvented by Guillaume Apollinaire in his "Chantre" (1914).

</doc>
<doc id="2915867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915867" title="Little Warley">
Little Warley

Little Warley is a settlement and former civil parish (abolished 1934) in the Borough of Brentwood, Essex. It is situated south of Thorndon Country Park.
The first outbreak of the 2001 United Kingdom foot-and-mouth outbreak occurred here.
Since 2003 the area around St Peter's Church, but not the entire former parish, has formed part of the reconstituted civil parish of West Horndon.

</doc>
<doc id="2915869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915869" title="Spironemidae">
Spironemidae

Spironemidae is a family of heterotrophic flagellates. They vary in size and shape from the ellipsoid "Hemimastix amphikineta" (14 × 7 μm) to the vermiform "Spironema terricola" (43 × 3 μm), and are united by the possession of two rows of cilia, called kineties. The following species are included:

</doc>
<doc id="2915875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915875" title="Doc Prothro">
Doc Prothro

James Thompson "Doc" Prothro (July 16, 1893 – October 14, 1971) was an infielder and manager in American Major League Baseball. Prothro was so nicknamed because he was a practicing dentist before signing his first professional baseball contract at age 26. His son, Tommy Prothro, became a successful coach in U.S. college football (at Oregon State University and UCLA) and, during the 1970s, led the Los Angeles Rams and San Diego Chargers of the National Football League. 
A native of Memphis, Tennessee, Doc Prothro was a right-handed hitting third baseman and shortstop for the Washington Senators, Boston Red Sox and Cincinnati Reds (1920; 1923–26), batting .318 in 180 games. He was discovered by baseball promoter Joe Engel, who managed the Chattanooga Lookouts at Engel Stadium. In 1928, Prothro became a manager in the Southern Association, then one of the higher-level minor leagues, leading the Memphis Chicks and Little Rock Travelers to four SA pennants through 1938.
In 1939, Prothro replaced Jimmie Wilson as manager of the Philadelphia Phillies. In his three full seasons (1939-40-41) at the helm of the Phils, the club remained locked in the National League "cellar" — losers of 106, 103 and 111 games in successive seasons. Prothro's career mark of 138–320, with a .301 winning percentage, is the worst record in major league history for managers leading a club for at least three seasons.
Prothro was fired after the 1941 season and replaced by Hans Lobert and thereafter returned to the Southern Association, where he piloted the Chicks from 1942 to 1947. After he retired as Memphis' manager, he remained active as a co-owner of the club. 
Prothro died in Memphis in 1971 at the age of 78.

</doc>
<doc id="2915879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915879" title="Electoral district of Brisbane Central">
Electoral district of Brisbane Central

Brisbane Central is an electoral division in the state of Queensland, Australia.
The electorate covers the central portion of Brisbane, including the Brisbane central business district as well as the inner suburbs of Bowen Hills, Fortitude Valley, Herston, Kelvin Grove, Spring Hill, New Farm, Newmarket and Windsor. It is bordered on the east and south by the Brisbane River.
History.
The Town of Brisbane was one of the original electorates established by Order-in-Council in 1859. Since then, the name of the electorate covering what is now the CBD of Brisbane has been variously known as Brisbane City, North Brisbane, Brisbane North, and Brisbane (from 1912). Brisbane Central was created in 1977 and was held from 1989 to 2007 by Labor's Peter Beattie, who was Premier of Queensland from 1998. Beattie resigned as both Premier and Member for Brisbane Central, and a by-election was held in 2007, and the seat was won by Labor candidate Grace Grace.

</doc>
<doc id="2915882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915882" title="Angelica Garnett">
Angelica Garnett

Angelica Vanessa Garnett, née Bell (25 December 1918 – 4 May 2012), was a British writer, painter and artist. She was the author of the memoir "Deceived with Kindness" (1984), an account of her experience growing up at the heart of the Bloomsbury Group.
Family background.
Angelica Garnett was born at Charleston Farmhouse in East Sussex on Christmas Day 1918. She was the daughter of the painters Duncan Grant and Vanessa Bell; her aunt was Virginia Woolf. 
Until the summer of 1937, when Garnett was 18, she believed that her father was Clive Bell, Vanessa's husband, rather than the mostly homosexual Grant, although the reality was an open secret within their immediate Bloomsbury circle. In fact, although there was no official separation or divorce, the Bells' marriage had come to an end in 1916. In that year Vanessa rented Charleston Farmhouse from the Gage estate, so that Duncan Grant, with whom she had fallen in love, and his friend and lover, David "Bunny" Garnett, could work there as farm labourers –both were conscientious objectors. Grant and Vanessa Bell continued to live together after the presumed end of their sexual relationship. Clive Bell would visit at weekends.
When Vanessa Bell informed her daughter of her true parentage she advised her not to talk about it. The deception avoided servant gossip and preserved the possibility of a legacy from Clive Bell's father who had settled allowances on his grandchildren. Angelica grew up believing that two of those grandchildren, Vanessa and Clive's sons, Julian Bell, who was killed in 1937 during the Spanish Civil War, and the art historian Quentin Bell, were her brothers, rather than her half-brothers. Vanessa comforted herself with the idea that her daughter had two fathers; "in reality," Angelica wrote, "I had none".
Education.
Angelica Garnett grew up at Charleston, indulged by her mother and surrounded by the artists, writers and intellectuals of the Bloomsbury Group. After her 14th birthday, Virginia Woolf gave Angelica a clothing budget of £100 a year.
At the age of 10 she was sent to boarding school at Langford Grove in Essex. She left without any qualifications, spent several months living in Rome and in 1935 moved for a time to Paris, staying with the artist Zoum Walter and her writer husband Francois. In 1936 Angelica went to the London Theatre Studio to train, briefly, as an actress under Michel Saint-Denis and George Devine. She changed to the study of art at the Euston Road School, where she was taught by William Coldstream and Victor Pasmore, the latter of whom apparently reduced her to tears.
Marriage.
In 1942, aged 24, Angelica married David Garnett, by then an editor, reviewer and novelist whose mother was Constance Garnett, the noted translator of Russian literature. The relationship had begun in the spring of 1938, when Garnett was married to his first wife, Rachel "Ray" Marshall, who was dying of cancer. 
Garnett was a member of her parent's circle, a former lover of Duncan Grant who had also attempted to seduce Vanessa Bell. When Angelica was born, Garnett had written to Lytton Strachey saying of the baby: ""Its beauty is the remarkable thing … I think of marrying it; when she is 20 I shall be 46 – will it be scandalous?"" In fact Garnett was nearly 50 at the time of their marriage. Despite their consternation, Angelica's parents did not inform their daughter of these details of Bloomsbury's past, although various associates of the family did attempt to warn her against the marriage: John Maynard Keynes had her to tea. Angelica lost her virginity to Garnett in H.G. Wells's spare bedroom.
The couple moved to Hilton Hall, Cambridgeshire, which David Garnett had bought in 1924. His novella, "Aspects of Love" (1955), dedicated to Angelica and involving similarly complicated domestic arrangements, was later adapted into a highly successful musical by Andrew Lloyd Webber. The Garnetts separated in 1967. 
For a time Angelica was in love with George Bergen, a Russian-Jewish painter who had been another of Duncan Grant's lovers, but the relationship did not last.
Memoir.
In 1984 Angelica Garnett published her memoir, "Deceived with Kindness: A Bloomsbury Childhood". The book was direct and sharply critical in its description of her upbringing and relationship with her parents, revealing Bloomsbury's rather conventional inability to confront deep personal feelings. In those characteristics it was a departure from much of the coverage the Bloomsbury Group had received up to that time. In it Garnett wrote, ""My dream of the perfect father — unrealized — possessed me, and has done so for the rest of my life. My marriage was but a continuation of it, and almost engulfed me."" The memoir was awarded the J. R. Ackerley Prize for Autobiography in 1985.
Garnett was the author of a second memoir, "The Eternal Moment" (1998), and published a volume of autobiographical fiction entitled "The Unspoken Truth: A Quartet of Bloomsbury Stories" (2010). At the time of her death she had been working on an autobiography.
Later life and work.
After the end of her marriage, Angelica Garnett moved to Islington, north London. She moved back to Charleston after the death of Duncan Grant in 1978, before moving to nearby Ringmer and then to France. Garnett had spent long parts of her childhood staying in the south of France, mostly at Cassis, near Marseilles.
Garnett was actively involved in the efforts that saw Charleston restored and opened to the public as a museum. She advised on the reconstruction of its fabrics, and on the selection and application of pigments; also talking at festivals and giving fund-raising lectures, including in America. In 1994 she donated more than 8000 sketches and drawings by Duncan Grant and Vanessa Bell to The Charleston Trust. 
Angelica Garnett continued to paint, developing a reputation, mostly for still lifes, and exhibiting in Europe and America. She also worked with mosaics, designed book jackets and textiles, decorated pots, and, in the 1980s, began to create sculptures using found objects and materials.
The last 30 years of her life were spent in Forcalquier in the south of France. Angelica Garnett died in Aix-en-Provence on 4 May 2012.
Children.
With David Garnett, Angelica had four daughters: Amaryllis Virginia (1943–1973), an actress; Henrietta (b. 1945), a writer; Nerissa, called Nel (1946–2004), a painter, photographer and ceramics artist; and Nel's twin Frances, called Fanny (b. 1946), who farms in France. 
When Henrietta Garnett was 17 she married Lytton Burgo Partridge, the son of Frances Partridge, who was the sister of David Garnett's first wife. Burgo Partridge died from a heart attack less than a year later, three weeks after the birth of their daughter, Sophie. Amaryllis Garnett drowned in the Thames in 1973; she was 29. Nerissa Garnett died from a brain tumor in 2004.
Further reading.
Garnett, Angelica. "Deceived with Kindness: A Bloomsbury Childhood", London: Chatto & Windus (1984)

</doc>
<doc id="2915888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915888" title="Blinder">
Blinder

Blinder or Blinders may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2915891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915891" title="Wilton Lockwood">
Wilton Lockwood

Wilton Lockwood (September 12, 1861 – March 21, 1914, age 52) was an American artist born in Wilton, Connecticut. He was a pupil and an assistant of John LaFarge, and also studied in Paris, becoming a well-known portrait and flower painter. He became a member of both the Society of American Artists (1898) and the Copley Society in Boston, as well as an associate of the National Academy of Design in New York. He painted portraits of Grover Cleveland, John LaFarge and Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr..

</doc>
<doc id="2915899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915899" title="Anandpur Resolution">
Anandpur Resolution

The Anandpur sahib Resolution was a statement made by a Sikh political party, the Shiromani Akali Dal in 1973.
Background.
The Akali Dal came to power in Punjab in 1966 when Punjab was created specifically for Punjabi speakers (in line with the Indian policy of linguistic states). However in 1971, Akali Dal was able to capture only one out of 13 Lok Sabha seats, and in the Punjab Assembly elections of March 1972, the Akalis won only 24 seats out of 117 seats. Thus the Congress Party formed the government in Punjab.
On 11 December 1972, Shiromani Akali appointed a sub-committee to examine the situation and to revise the programme and policies of the Dal. The 12 members of the committee were Surjit Singh Barnala, Gurcharan Singh Tohra, Jiwan Singh Umranangal, Gurmeet Singh, Dr. Bhagat Singh, Balwant Singh, Gian Singh Rarewala, Amar Singh Ambalavi, Prem Singh Lalpura, Jaswinder Singh Brar, Bhag Singh, and Major General Gurbakhsh Singh of Badhani. They created the Anandpur Sahib Resolution in 1973.
1980s.
The document was largely forgotten for a long time, but came into the limelight in the 1980s. The Akali Dal and the religious leader Jarnail Singh Bhindranwale joined to launch the Dharam Yudh Morcha in 1982 in order to implement the Anandpur Sahib resolution. Thousands of people joined the movement, feeling that it represented a real solution to demands such as a larger share of water for irrigation and the return of Chandigarh to Punjab.
Indira Gandhi, the leader of the Akali Dal's rival Congress, viewed the Anandpur Resolution as a secessionist document. She used it to depict the Akali Dal as separatist, and herself the savior of Indian unity.
The Akali Dal officially stated that the Anandpur Sahib resolution did not envisage an autonomous Sikh State of Khalistan. Its president Harcharan Singh Longowal declared:
Purpose.
The Shiromani Akali Dal shall ever strive to achieve the following aims:
1. Propagation of Sikhism, its ethical values and code of conduct to combat atheism.
2. Preservation and keeping alive the concept of distinct and sovereign identity of the Panth and building up of appropriate condition in which the national sentiments and aspirations of the Sikh Panth will find full expression, satisfaction and facilities for growth.
3. Eradication of poverty and starvation through increased production and more equitable distribution of wealth and also the establishment of a just social order sans exploitation of any kind.
4. Vacation of discrimination on the basis of caste, creed or any other ground in keeping with basic principles of Sikhism.
5. Removal of disease and ill health, checking the use of intoxicants and provision of full facilities for the growth of physical well-being so as to prepare and enthuse the Sikh Nation for the national defense. For the achievement of the aforesaid purposes, the Shiromani Akali Dal owned it as its primary duty to inculcate among the Sikh religious fervour and a sense of pride in their great socio-spiritual heritage through the following measures:
(a). Reiteration of the concept of unity of God, meditation on His Name, recitation of gurbani, inculcation of faith in the Holy Sikh Gurus as well as in Guru Granth Sahib Ji and other appropriate measures for such a purpose.
(b). Grooming at the Sikh Missionary College the Sikh youth with inherent potential to become accomplished preachers, ragis, dhadis and poets so that the propagation of Sikhism, its tenets and traditions and its basic religious values could be taken up more effectively and vigorously.
(c). Baptizing the Sikhs on a mass scale with particular emphasis on schools and colleges wherein the teachers as well as the taught shall be enthused through regular study circles.
(d). Revival of the religious institution of dasvandh among the Sikhs.
(e). Generating a feeling of respect for Sikh intellectuals including writers and preachers, who also would be enthused to improve upon their accomplishments.
(f). Streamlining the administration of the gurdwaras by giving better training to their workers. Appropriate steps would also be taken to maintain gurdwara building in proper condition. The representatives of the party in the Shiromani Gurdwara Prabandhak Committee would be directed to pull their weight towards these ends.
(g). Making suitable arrangements for error free publications of gurbani, promoting research in the ancient and modern Sikh history, translating holy gurbani into other languages and producing first-rate literature on Sikhism.
(h). Taking appropriate measures for the enactment of an All India Gurdwaras Act with a view to improving the administration of the gurdwaras throughout the country and to reintegrate the traditional preaching sects of Sikhism like Udasis and Nirmalas, without in any way encroaching upon the properties of their maths.
(i). Taking necessary steps to bring the Sikh gurdwaras all over the world under a single system of administration with a view to running them according to the basic Sikh forms and to pool their resources for the propagation of Sikhism on a wider and more impressive scale.
(j). Striving to free access to all those holy Sikh shrines, including Nanakana Sahib, form which the Sikh Panth has been separated, for their pilgrimage and proper upkeep.
Resolution.
Resolutions adopted, in the light of the Anandpur Sahib Resolution, at open session of the 18th All India Akali Conference held at Ludhiana on 28–29 October 1978, under the presidency of Jathedar Jagdev Singh Talwandi are as under:
Resolution No. 1
Moved by Sardar Gurcharan Singh Tohra, President, Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee, and endorsed by Sardar Parkash Singh Badal, Chief Minister, Punjab.
The Shiromani Akali Dal realizes that India is a federal and republican geographical entity of different languages, religions and cultures. To safeguard the fundamental rights of the religious and linguistic minorities, to fulfill the demands of the democratic traditions and to pave the way for economic progress, it has become imperative that the Indian constitutional infrastructure should be given a real federal shape by redefining the Central and State relation and rights on the lines of the aforesaid principles and objectives.
The concept of total revolution given by Lok Naik Jaya Parkash Narain is also based upon the progressive decentralization of powers. The climax of the process of centralization of powers of the states through repeated amendments of the Constitution during the Congress regime came before the countrymen in the form of the Emergency (1975), when all fundamental rights of all citizens was usurped. It was then that the programme of decentralization of powers ever advocated by Shiromani Akali Dal was openly accepted and adopted by other political parties including Janata Party, C.P.I. (M), D.M.K., etc.
Shiromani Akali Dal has ever stood firm on this principle and that is why after a very careful consideration it unanimously adopted a resolution to this effect first at the All India Akali Conference, Batala, then at Anandpur Sahib which has endorsed the principle of State autonomy in keeping with the concept of federalism.
As such, the Shiromani Akali Dal emphatically urges upon the Janata Government to take cognizance of the different linguistic and cultural sections, religious minorities as also the voice of millions of people and recast the constitutional structure of the country on real and meaningful federal principles to obviate the possibility of any danger to the unity and integrity of the country and, further, to enable the states to play a useful role for the progress and prosperity of the Indian people in their respective areas by a meaningful exercise of their powers.
Resolution No. 2
This momentous meeting of the Shiromani Akali Dal calls upon the Government of India to examine carefully the long tale of the excesses, wrongs, illegal actions committed the Sikhs by the previous Congress Government, more particularly during the Emergency, and try to find an early solution to the following problems:
(a) Chandigarh originally raised as a Capital for Punjab should be handed over to Punjab.
(b) The long-standing demand of the Shiromani Akali Dal for the merger in Punjab of the Punjabi-speaking areas, to be identified by linguistic experts with village as a unit, should be conceded.
(c) The control of headworks should continue to be vested in Punjab and, if need be, the Reorganization Act should be amended.
(d) The arbitrary and unjust Award given by Mrs. Indira Gandhi during the Emergency on the distributions of Ravi-Beas waters should be revised on the universally accepted norms and principles, and justice be done to Punjab.
(e) Keeping in view the special aptitude and martial qualities of the Sikhs, the present ratio of their strength in the Army should be maintained.
(f) The excesses being committed on the settlers in the Tarai region of the Uttar Pradesh in the name of Land Reforms should be vacated by making suitable amendments in the ceiling law on the Central guidelines.
Resolution No. 3
The chief sources of inspiration of the economic policies and programme of the Shiromani Akali Dal are the secular, democratic and socialistic concepts of Guru Nanak and Guru Gobind Singh. Our economic programme is based on three principles:
While drafting its economic policies and programme, the Shiromani Akali Dal in its historic Anandpur Sahib Resolution has laid particular stress on the need to break the monopolistic hold of the capitalists foisted on the Indian economy by 30 years of Congress rule in India. This capitalist hold enabled the Central government to assume all powers in its hands after the manner of Mughal imperialism. This was bound to thwart the economic progress of the states and injure the social and economic interests of the people. The Shiromani Akali Dal once again reiterates the Sikh way of life by resolving to fulfil the holy words of Guru Nanak Dev:
"He alone realizes the true path who labors honestly and shares with others the fruits of that labor."
This way of life is based upon three basic principles:
The Shiromani Akali Dal calls upon the Central and the State governments to eradicate unemployment during the next ten years. While pursuing this aim, special emphasis should be laid on amelioration the lot of the weaker sections, scheduled and depressed classes, workers, landless and poor farmers and urban poor farmers and urban poor. Minimum wages must be fixed for all of them.
The Shiromani Akali Dal urges Punjab government to draw up such an economic plan for the state as would turn it into the leading state during the next ten years by raising per capita income to Rs. 3,000 and by generating an economic growth rate of 7% per annum as against 4% at the national level.
The Shiromani Akali Dal gives first priority to the redrafting of the taxation structure in such a way that the burden of taxation is shifted from the poor to the richer classes and an equitable distribution of national income ensured.
The main plank of the economic programme of the Shiromani Akali Dal is to enable the economically weaker sections of the society to share the fruits of national income.
The Shiromani Akali Dal calls upon the Central government to make an international airport at Amritsar which should also enjoy the facilities of a dry port. Similarly, a Stock Exchange should be opened at Ludhiana to accelerate the process of industrialization and economic growth in the State. The Shiromani Akali Dal also desires that suitable amendments should be made in the Foreign Exchange rules for free exchange of foreign currencies and thereby removing the difficulties being faced by the Indian emigrants.
The Shiromani Akali Dal emphatically urges upon the Indian government to bring about parity between the prices of the agricultural produce and that of the industrial raw materials so that the discrimination against such states that lack these materials may be removed.
The Shiromani Akali Dal demands that the exploitation of the produces of cash crops like cotton, sugarcane, oil seeds, etc., at the hand of traders should be stopped forthwith and for this purpose arrangements be made for purchase by government of these crops at remunerable prices. Besides, effective steps should be taken by government for the purchase of cotton through the Cotton Corporation.
The Shiromani Akali Dal strongly feels that the most pressing national problem is the need to ameliorate the lot of millions of exploited persons belonging to the scheduled classes. For such a purpose the Shiromani Akali Dal calls upon the Central and State governments to earmark special funds. Besides, the state governments should allot sufficient funds in their respective budgets for giving free residential plots both in the urban and rural areas to the Scheduled Castes.
The Shiromani Akali Dal also calls for the rapid diversification of farming. The shortcomings in the Land Reforms Laws should be removed, rapid industrialization of the State ensured, credit facilities for the medium industries expanded and unemployment allowance given to those who are unemployed. For remunerative farming, perceptible reduction should be made in the prices of farm machinery like tractors, tubewells, as also of the inputs.
Resolution No. 4
This huge gathering of the Shiromani Akali Dal regrets the discrimination to which the Punjabi language is being subjected in adjoining States of Himachal, Haryana, Jammu and Kashmir, Delhi, etc. It is its firm demand that in accordance with the Nehru Language Formula, the neighboring states of Punjab should give "second" language status to Punjabi because of fairly large sections of their respective populations are Punjabi-speaking.
Resolution No. 5
The meeting regrets that against the "claims" of the refugees who had migrated to Jammu and Kashmir as a result of the partition of the country, no compensation had been provided to them even after such a long time and these unfortunate refugees had been rotting in the camps ever since then.
This Akali Dal session, therefore, forcefully demands that their claims should be settled soon and immediate steps should be taken to rehabilitate them even if it involves an amendment to section 370 of the Constitution.
Resolution No. 6
The 18th session of the All India Akali Conference take strong exception to the discrimination to which the minorities in other states are being subjected and the way in which their interests are being ignored.
As such, it demands that injustice against the Sikhs in other states should be vacated and proper representation should be given them in government service, local bodies and state legislatures, through nominations, if need be.
Resolution No. 7
The 18th session of the All India Akali Conference notes with satisfaction that mechanization of farming in the country has led to increase in the farm yield and as a result the country is heading toward self-sufficiency in foodgrain.
However, the session feels that poor farmers are unable to tale to mechanization because of the enormity of the cost involved.
As such, the Shiromani Akali Dal urges upon the Government of India to abolish the excise duty on tractors, so that with the decrease in their prices, the smaller farmers may also be able to avail themselves of farm machinery and contribute to increase in agricultural produce of the country.
Resolution No. 8
This conference of the Shiromani Akali Dal appeals to the Central and State governments to pay particular attention to the poor and laboring classes and demands that besides making suitable amendments in the Minimum Wages Act, suitable legal steps be taken to improve the economic lot of the laboring class, to enable it to lead respectable life and play a useful role in the rapid industrialization of the country.
Resolution No. 9
This session seeks permission from the Government of India to install a broadcasting station at the Golden Temple, Amritsar, for the relay of Gurbani Kirtan for the spiritual satisfaction of those Sikh who are living in foreign lands.
The session wishes to make it clear that the entire cost of the proposed broadcasting project would be borne by the Khalsa Panth and its over all control shall vest with the Indian Government. It is hoped that the Government would have no hesitation in conceding this demand after due consideration.
Resolution No. 10
This mammoth gathering of the Shiromani Akali Dal strongly urges upon the Government of India to make necessary amendments in the following enactment for the benefit of the agricultural classes who have toiled hard for the sake of larger national interests:
1. Hindu Succession Act be suitably amended to enable a woman to get rights of inheritance in the properties of her father-in-law instead of the father's.
2. The agricultural lands of the farmers should be completely exempted from the Wealth Tax and the Estate Tax.
Resolution No. 11
This vast gathering of the Shiromani Akali Dal strongly impresses upon the Government of India that keeping in vies that economic backwardness of the scheduled and non-scheduled castes, provisions proportionate to their population should be made in the budget for utilization for their welfare. A special ministry should be created at the Centre as a practical measure to render justice to them on the basis of reservations.
The session also calls upon the government that in keeping with the settlement already made, no discrimination should be made between the Sikh and Hindu Harijans in any part of the country.
Resolution No. 12
The Congress government is called upon to vacate the gross injustice, discrimination done to Punjab in the distribution of Ravi-Beas waters. The Central government must also give approval for the immediate establishment of six sugar and four textile mills in Punjab so that the State may be able to implement its agro-industrial policy.

</doc>
<doc id="2915906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915906" title="NEC V25">
NEC V25

The NEC V25 (µPD70320) is the microcontroller version of the NEC V20 processor. Features include:
It was officially phased out by NEC in early 2003

</doc>
<doc id="2915907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915907" title="Dissection (disambiguation)">
Dissection (disambiguation)

Dissection may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2915913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915913" title="Network Voice Protocol">
Network Voice Protocol

The Network Voice Protocol (NVP) was a pioneering computer network protocol for transporting human speech over packetized communications networks. It was an early example of Voice over Internet Protocol technology.
NVP was first implemented in December 1973 by computer networking researcher Danny Cohen of the Information Sciences Institute (ISI), University of Southern California, with funding from ARPA's Network Secure Communications (NSC) program. The project's stated goals as stated in IETF RFC 741, published 1977, were "to develop and demonstrate the feasibility of secure, high-quality, low-bandwidth, real-time, full-duplex (two-way) digital voice communications over packet-switched computer communications networks... to supply digitized speech which can be secured by existing encryption devices. The major goal of this research is to demonstrate a digital high-quality, low-bandwidth, secure voice handling capability as part of the general military requirement for worldwide secure voice communication."
NVP was used to send speech between distributed sites on the ARPANET using several different voice-encoding techniques, including linear predictive coding (LPC) and continuously variable slope delta modulation (CVSD). Cooperating researchers included Steve Casner, Randy Cole, and Paul Raveling (ISI); Jim Forgie (Lincoln Laboratory); Mike McCammon (Culler-Harrison); John Markel (Speech Communications Research Laboratory); and John Makhoul (Bolt, Beranek and Newman).
The protocol consisted of two distinct parts: control protocols and a data transport protocol. Control protocols included relatively rudimentary telephony features such as indicating who wants to talk to whom; ring tones; negotiation of voice encoding; and call termination. Data messages contained encoded speech. For each encoding scheme (vocoder) a frame was defined as a packet containing the negotiated transmission interval of a number of digitized voice samples.
NVP was used by experimental Voice Funnel equipment (circa February 1981), based on BBN Butterfly computers, as part of ongoing ARPA research into packetized audio. ARPA staff and contractors used the Voice Funnel, and related video facilities, to do three-way and four-way video conferencing among a handful of US East and West Coast sites.
NVP was transported over the Internet Stream Protocol (ST) and a later version called Stream Protocol, version 2 (ST-II), both connection-oriented versions of the Internet Protocol (IP) and which carried the IP protocol version 5. These protocols may be viewed as early experiments in quality of service and connection-oriented network protocols such as Asynchronous Transfer Mode (ATM).

</doc>
<doc id="2915918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915918" title="Pyotr Durnovo">
Pyotr Durnovo

Pyotr Nikolayevich Durnovo () (1845 in Moscow Governorate – in Petrograd) was an Imperial Russian lawyer and politician.
Biography.
Pyotr Durnovo was born in the Moscow Governorate (administrative division) in 1845. He was a graduate of the Imperial Naval School and the Military/Naval Law Academy. He served in the Ministry of Justice reaching the position of Assistant Procurator of the Kiev Court of Appeals, until transferring to the Ministry of the Interior in 1881. Durnovo was appointed Director of Police in 1884 and remained in that position until 1893 when he was forced to resign due to a disagreement between himself and the Spanish Ambassador to Russia involving the misuse of police powers. He was appointed to the Imperial Russian Governing Senate in 1893 where he distinguished himself. In 1900, he was appointed Assistant Minister of the Interior in charge of Posts and Telegraph services at the request of Sipiagin. He remained in this position until 1905 when he was appointed Minister of the Interior, on Witte's recommendation. He retired from the position of Minister shortly after Witte's resignation from the Chairmanship of the Council of Ministers despite earlier differences between the two.
Durnovo was noted for his outspoken opposition to closer ties with the United Kingdom at the expense of relations with Germany. He believed that German and Russian interests were complementary while war between the two empires could only result in destruction of the existing political orders of both. Durnovo set out his views, most of which were to be realized in the aftermath of World War I in a letter sent to Nicholas II in February 1914. Durnovo foresaw imminent war between Russia, France and Britain against Germany, Austro-Hungary and Turkey. His memorandum accurately forecast that Russian defeat would be followed by the demoralization of the Imperial Army and the sweeping away of existing legislative institutions and intellectual opposition parties, in favor of "social revolution in its most extreme form". The document was found amongst the papers of Tsar Nicholas following the February Revolution. 
Pyotr Durnovo died in September 1915 at his villa in Petrograd. He was the last Russian Imperial Minister of Interior to die from natural causes. His six successors were all assassinated, or murdered during the Red Terror.

</doc>
<doc id="2915921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915921" title="Hanamaki Station">
Hanamaki Station

Lines.
Hanamaki Station is served by the Tōhoku Main Line and the Kamaishi Line. It is located 500.0 rail kilometers from the terminus of the Tōhoku Main Line at Tokyo Station, and is a terminus for the Kamaishi Line. Hanamaki Station is not a stop of the Tōhoku Shinkansen. The nearest Shinkansen stations are Shin-Hanamaki Station (6.4 km via the Kamaishi Line) and Kitakami Station (12.5 km via the Tōhoku Main Line).
Station layout.
Hanamaki Station has an island platform and a single side platform serving three tracks, connected to the station building by an overhead crossing. The station is staffed, and has a Green Window ticket counter.
History.
Hanamaki Station opened on 1 November 1890. The Iwate Light Railway (the forerunner of the Kamaishi Line) established its terminus at Hanamaki on 25 October 1913. The two stations were amalgamated on 20 September 1943. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987. 

</doc>
<doc id="2915928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915928" title="Chopped liver">
Chopped liver

Chopped liver is a spread popular in Jewish cuisine but also found in the traditional local cuisine of Berlin, Germany.
It is often made by sautéing or broiling liver and onions, adding hard-boiled eggs, salt and pepper, and grinding that mixture. The quintessential fat used is schmaltz, but different methods and materials exist, and the exact process and ingredients may vary from chef to chef.
Chopped liver is a common menu item in kosher delicatessens in Britain, Canada, the U.S.A., and South Africa. Chopped liver is often served with rye bread as sandwiches.
The liver used is generally calf, beef, or chicken. Shortening or oil is often substituted for the schmaltz.
Variations.
Chopped liver is high in protein but also high in fat and cholesterol. Thus, low fat, mock, and vegetarian versions of chopped liver exist that are frequently made of a combination or base of peas, string beans, eggplant, or mushrooms.
Chopped liver as an expression.
Since eating chopped liver may not be appreciated by everyone, the Jewish English expression "What am "I", chopped "liver"?", signifies frustration or anger at being ignored on a social level. 
An alternative explanation for the etymology of the "What am "I", chopped "liver"?" expression is that chopped liver was traditionally served as a side dish rather than a main course. The phrase, therefore may have originally meant to express a feeling of being overlooked, as a "side dish."
A similar reference aired in 1963 on The Dick Van Dyke Show on an episode titled . Sally Rogers, played by Rose Marie, is asked by a "second-rate comedian" Fred White, played by Guy Marks, "What do you think you are, Your Majesty, chopped chicken liver?"
"Chopped Liver" is also the working nickname of Matt Sharp of The Rentals.

</doc>
<doc id="2915930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915930" title="Rufus King International School – High School Campus">
Rufus King International School – High School Campus

 
Rufus King International School – High School Campus, or Rufus King, is a public magnet high school located on the north side of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, part of the Milwaukee Public Schools district. The school is ranked the 130th public high school in the country by "U.S. News and World Report", making it the top performing public high school in the state of Wisconsin. The school offers the International Baccalaureate curriculum.
The school was formerly named Rufus King International Baccalaureate High School. After the addition of a feeder middle years program in the 2010-2011 school year, the high school was renamed Rufus King International School – High School Campus.
Sixty percent of the students are of African American descent (compared to the state average of 11%), twenty percent of students are Caucasian and seven percent of students are Hispanic and Asian. Fifty-one percent of students are eligible for free school lunch.
Academics.
Rufus King's college preparatory curriculum is anchored by the International Baccalaureate Diploma Program (IBDP), which was established at the school in 1979, the first such school in the state of Wisconsin and one of the first in North America. The emphasis in the curriculum is on writing, speaking, critical thinking and independent application of knowledge. Full Diploma students are also required to write a 3,000-4,000 word original essay and volunteer at least 150 hours of service. All Rufus King students participate in pre-diploma and IB courses and more than half of the student population take at least one IB test with a success rate of 85.9% passing. 95% of graduates matriculate to higher education.
All students at Rufus King are required to complete four years of English, three years of Mathematics, Natural Science and Social Science, as well as two years of the same World Language. The languages offered at King include Spanish, German, and Latin. Among the school's academic electives sociology, psychology, geography, and economics .
Academic achievements.
Rufus King is considered the top high school in the state of Wisconsin based on "U.S. News & World Report" rankings that demonstrated high participation rates on International Baccalaureate exams and college readiness index ratings. In 2012, the school was ranked the 130th best high school in the nation by the magazine, making it in the top one-percent of public high schools in the country. Rufus King received the "Gold" ranking by the magazine.
The school was ranked the top public high school in Wisconsin by "Newsweek Magazine" in 2003, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, and 2010. In 2010, Rufus King was ranked the 324th top high school in the country on Newsweek's rating, though the school has not made the list since Newsweek modified its ranking method, causing some local controversy.
The school has twice been designated a National Blue Ribbon School of Excellence (1982–1983, 1994–1996). and has been named a "New Wisconsin Promise School of Excellence" for the fifth year in a row, one of only 15 schools in the State of Wisconsin achieving the title.
On May 8, 2002, the school was visited by President George W. Bush, who delivered an educational policy address in which he recognized Rufus King as one of the top high schools in the country.
In 2003-2004, King was selected as one of ten schools nationwide to participate in an ACT study, "“On Course for Success,”" on how schools prepare students for college coursework. According to ACT, Rufus King was selected because of its diverse student body and its students’ strong ACT scores in math and science.
In November 2009, Eva Lam, a Rufus King and Harvard University graduate, received a Rhodes Scholarship, becoming the first within the school district. She credits her award to the education she received through Milwaukee Public Schools.
On April 4, 2011, Rev. Jesse Jackson Sr. visited the school to encourage juniors and seniors to participate in the April 5th municipal and statewide elections. He also confronted stereotypes about urban youth and encouraged student empowerment.
On March 30, 2012, Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett and County Executive Chris Abele declared March 30 "Rufus King Day" both on the city and county level. The proclamation was given because of great success by the school's academic and sports programs.
On May 15, 2012, the school was ranked the 130th best public high school in the nation by U.S. News and World Report, making it the highest ranked school in the State. School district officials and local elected leaders held a celebration and press conference.
On May 25, 2012, Milwaukee Public Schools announced that two Rufus King High School students scored perfect scores on their ACT tests.
On May 22, 2013, it was announced that Rufus King was selected as the winner of the ACT national College and Career Transition Award, which honors a high school that displays “exemplary college and career readiness efforts." Rufus King was the only school in the nation to receive the award. It was nominated for the award by Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker and Wisconsin Superintendent of Public Instruction Tony Evers.
Middle Years Campus.
The middle school, which began its first school year in 2010, is part of the 6-12 program of Rufus King High School. The program incorporates the International Baccalaureate Middle Years Programme (MYP).
Extracurricular activities.
Rufus King High School has over 55 extracurricular activities for students to participate in, including several unique activities not available in other schools in the region.
Honorary Societies: King has a chapter of the National Honor Society, recognizing students for strong values of scholarship, leadership, service, and character. There are also other academic honorary programs including the Spanish Honor Society, German Honor Society, Latin Honor Society, Math Honor Society, Science Honor Society, and Theatre Honor Society. All of these honor societies participate in community service projects around the city.
Forensics and Debate: Rufus King has notable policy debate, student congress and speech teams. The school participates in the national districts of the National Forensics League and National Catholic Forensics League, regional Wisconsin Forensic Coaches Association and Wisconsin Debate Coaches Association, as well as the city-wide Milwaukee Debate League. Nearly every year, King debaters qualify for both NFL and NCFL national tournaments, while placing high at state, regional, and local tournaments. Students from the school have won two NFL national championships in Student Congress (as well as the Presiding Officer Award), the NFL national championship in Policy Debate, the NFL national championship in Extemporaneous Commentary, the Harvard College National Congress championship, the NFL School of Excellence in Debate award, and had two consecutive sweeps of the Wisconsin State Congress. In both 2012 and 2013, the team reached semi-finals at the State Debate Tournament, the latter year taking third and fifth place Best Speakers. In 2013, Rufus King became the first team in the state to sweep all of the Southern Qualifier NFL and NCFL spots, which had previously been split with other schools.
Chess: The chess team participates in the Milwaukee Metro Chess League and participates city and state chess meets. In 2001, the team competed at the U.S. Chess Nationals in Kentucky.
Mathematics: The "Mathletes" competition team has won at local, state and national levels. Rufus King also has an Accounting Club that provides a link between students and business organizations in the Milwaukee area.
Science: Rufus King has entered a 15-member team in the Wisconsin Science Olympiad since its beginning in 1985. Rufus King won "valued participant" at the Wisconsin Science Olympiad in 1994, advancing to the regional competition, where it placed 13th in nation. The National Science Bowl team finished fourth in the nation in 1994. Rufus King regularly enters a variety of local and national science and engineering competitions, earning accolades regularly.
Music: The school has a marching band, concert band, orchestra, jazz ensemble, chorus, and nine-time (2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013) city champion drumline. The drumline also competes at several national tournaments.
Art: King students have received honorable mentions in the Wisconsin Regional Scholastic Art Awards Competition, the Photographic Society of America Awards Competition and the U.S. Congressional Art Competition.
Theater: Rufus King’s theater program is a partner in education initiatives with several professional companies, including Milwaukee Shakespeare, Milwaukee Chamber Theatre, NextAct Theatre, Milwaukee Rep and Spiral Theater. They hold several annual school-wide plays.
Academic Competitions: The school also participates in an annual Model UN regional competition, a national Quiz Bowl, the United States Academic Decathlon and LifeSmarts.
Robotics: Rufus King has a very strong robotics program, which includes participation in the FIRST Robotics Competition. The team won the Midwest Regional Championship 2009 and 2011. The team will be traveling to the FIRST national tournament in 2011.
Ethnic and Advocacy Organizations: Rufus King has a variety of ethnic student groups including Asian Club, Black Student Union, Bollywood Indian Dancing Club, Friends of Islam, Gay-Straight Alliance, Jew Crew, Latinos Unidos and Students and Teachers Against Racism (STAR). The Key Club participates in community service projects. Rufus King also has a hybrid chapter of both Amnesty International and American Civil Liberties Union, which advocates for human rights and civil liberties issues.
Athletics.
Rufus King High School has a distinguished athletic program. All of its teams participate in the Milwaukee City Conference and WIAA Division I.
The school is most widely recognized for its basketball team, which has won five Wisconsin state boys' basketball championships. The boys' basketball team achieved a #17 national ranking by USA Today in 2003 and #22 in 2004. The basketball team has received a 69.97 national power ranking by Sports Power. In 2012, both the girls basketball and boys basketball teams went to the state Division 1 basketball finals, though both were unsuccessful.
Rufus King's traditional rival is Riverside University High School. It is also part of a three-way rivalry with Washington High School and Vincent High School in boys' basketball. These schools have accounted for 14 of the last 23 Division 1 boys' basketball championships in Wisconsin.

</doc>
<doc id="2915931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915931" title="Na'il Diggs">
Na'il Diggs

Na'il Diggs (born July 8, 1978) is an American football linebacker of the National Football League who is currently a free agent. He was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the fourth round of the 2000 NFL Draft. He played college football at Ohio State. Diggs has also played for the Carolina Panthers, St. Louis Rams, and San Diego Chargers. His first
name means “successful one” in Arabic.
College career.
Diggs played college football at the Ohio State University. He spent his last two years at strongside linebacker after beginning college career as a defensive end. As a senior Diggs led the Buckeyes with 94 tackles, 15 tackles for losses and 6 sacks. In all he played in 37 games recording 202 tackles, 18 sacks and one interception, four forced fumbles, three fumble recoveries and one interception. He graduated with a degree in aviation.
Professional career.
Pre-draft.
Diggs measured 6'3½" and 231 pounds and had a 40-yard dash time of 4.55 seconds.
Green Bay Packers.
Diggs was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the fourth round of the 2000 NFL Draft. On June 20, 2000, Diggs signed a three-year $1.2 million contract that included a $300,000 signing bonus. On September 11, 2000, Diggs was named "Sports Illustrated"'s Special Teams Player of the Week by Peter King. Diggs played in 13 games with 12 starts at strongside linebacker and was named All-Rookie by the PFWA after posting 54 tackles, one fumble recovery and four passes defensed. In 2001 he started all 16 games at strongside linebacker and produced 92 tackles, 2.0 sacks, and six passes defensed. In 2002 Diggs again started all 16 games at strongside linebacker and finished second on the team with 111 tackles, 3.0 sacks, one forced fumble, two fumble recoveries, two interceptions and seven passes defensed. Diggs was named NFC Defensive Player of the Month for December 2002, after making 37 tackles, one forced fumble, one fumble recovery, one interception and two passes defensed in five games.
In the 2003 off-season Diggs signed a four-year, $10.5 million contract after the Packers matched an offer sheet for the same amount from the Detroit Lions. In 2003 Diggs moved to weakside linebacker from and started all 16 games and had 123 tackles, 1.0 sack, one forced fumble, two interceptions and eight passes defensed. An injury kept Diggs out of the final two games in 2004, snapping his consecutuve games started streak at 74. Diggs did start 14 games at weakside linebacker had 116 tackles, 1.0 sack, two passes defensed and one blocked kick. In 2005 Diggs returned to strongside linebacker and appeared in nine games with six starts. Before he was injured he generated 45 tackles, one fumble recovery. On March 2, 2006, he was released by the Packers.
Carolina Panthers.
On April 20, 2006, Diggs was signed by the Carolina Panthers to a one-year $627,000 contract. The Panthers viewed Diggs as a replacement for weakside Will Witherspoon who had left the Panthers to sign with the St. Louis Rams. In 2006 Diggs appeared in 15 games with 10 starts totaled 68 tackles, and three passes defensed. 
On March 2, 2007, Diggs re-signed with the Panthers for another year (for $1.35 million) and for that season Diggs played in all 16 games with 10 starts and made 49 tackles, 3.5 sacks, one forced fumble and five passes defensed. On December 29, 2007, the Diggs accepted a three-year extension for $7 million ($2.7 million of it guaranteed). In 2008 Diggs started all 16 contests as the strongside linebacker and recorded 62 tackles, 1.0 sack, one interception, and two passes defensed. 2009 was Diggs' final season with the Panthers and he remained at strongside linebacker and played in 15 games with 11 starts and recorded 42 total tackles and a forced fumble. On March 5, 2010, the Panthers released Diggs.
St. Louis Rams.
The Rams signed Diggs on April 7, 2010, to a two-year contract. The terms have not been disclosed. In his career Diggs has been the primary starter for his team four seasons at weakside linebacker and six at strongside linebacker. Diggs earned the starting strongside linebacker job in the 2010 preseason and kept the job until he tore a pectoral muscle late in the season.
On August 29, 2011, he was released by the Rams.
San Diego Chargers.
Diggs signed with the San Diego Chargers on September 3, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="2915941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915941" title="Pouteria sapota">
Pouteria sapota

Pouteria sapota, mamey sapote, is a species of tree native to Central America, naturally ranging from southern Mexico to southern Costa Rica. Today, the tree is cultivated not only in Mexico, but also in Central America, the Caribbean, and South Florida for its fruit, which is commonly eaten in many Latin American countries. It has different names depending on the country: mamey, "zapote colorado" (Costa Rica), "níspero" and "zapote rojo" (South America), among others.
Description.
Mamey sapote is a large and highly ornamental evergreen tree that can reach a height of 15 to 45 meters (60 to 140 feet) at maturity. Like most fruit trees, it is mainly propagated by grafting, which ensures the new plant has the same characteristics as the parent, especially its fruit. It is also considerably faster than growing trees by seed.
The leaves are pointed at both ends, 4 to 12 inches in length and grow in clusters at the ends of branches.
The fruit is about 10 to 25 cm (4 to 10 inches) long and 8 to 12 cm (3 to 5 inches) wide and has flesh ranging in color from pink to orange to red. The brown skin has a texture somewhat between sandpaper and the fuzz on a peach. The fruit's texture is creamy and soft. A mamey sapote is ripe when the flesh is pink when a fleck of the skin is removed. The flesh should give slightly, as with a ripe kiwifruit.
The mamey sapote is related to other sapotes such as "sapodilla" ("Manilkara zapota"), abiu ("P. caimito") and canistel ("P. campechiana"), but unrelated to the black sapote ("Diospyros digyna") and white sapote ("Casimiroa edulis"). It should not be confused with the mammee apple ("Mammea americana").
Uses.
The fruit is eaten raw or made into milkshakes, smoothies, ice cream and fruit bars. It can be used to produce marmalade and jelly. Some consider the fruit to be an aphrodisiac. Some beauty products use oil pressed from the seed, otherwise known as sapayul oil.
Nutrition.
The fruit is an excellent source of vitamin B6 and vitamin C, and is a good source of riboflavin, niacin, vitamin E, manganese, potassium and dietary fiber. Research has identified several new carotenoids from the ripe fruit.

</doc>
<doc id="2915942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915942" title="Shin-Hanamaki Station">
Shin-Hanamaki Station

Lines.
Shin-Hanamaki Station is served by the Tohoku Shinkansen and the Kamaishi Line. It is 500.0 rail kilometers from the southern terminus of the Tohoku Shinkansen at Tokyo Station and 6.4 rail kilometers from the terminus of the Kamaishi Line at Hanamaki Station. During the daytime, the station is served by approximately one shinkansen service per hour in each direction, and one local train every one to two hours in each direction on the Kamaishi Line.
Station layout.
The station consists of elevated side platforms for the Tohoku Shinkansen, running approximately north to south, and a single unnumbered side platform at ground level serving the single-track Kamaishi Line. The main Shinkansen portion of the station has a "Midori no Madoguchi" staffed ticket office. The Tohoku Shinkansen platforms have waist-high platform edge doors set back a few metres from the platform edge in addition to platform edge fences, as there are no centre tracks for non-stop trains at this station, and many trains pass through the station non-stop at high speed. The station building itself is designed with a motif from Miyazawa Kenji's "Night on the Galactic Railroad".
History.
Shin-Hanamaki Station opened on 14 March 1985. Construction was planned and funded by the city of Hanamaki and other local authorities, as the Tohoku Shinkansen was built several kilometres away from Hanamaki Station on the Tohoku Main Line. The former located approximately 400 m to the west on the Kamaishi Line was closed coinciding with the opening of Shin-Hanamaki Station.
The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2012, the station was used by an average of 909 passengers daily (boarding passengers only). The passenger figures for previous years are as shown below.

</doc>
<doc id="2915946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915946" title="Budakeszi">
Budakeszi

Budakeszi () is a town in Pest County, in the Budapest metropolitan area, Hungary. It is located beyond the Jánoshegy hill at the western city limits of Budapest, about west of the Zero Kilometre Stone in the city centre. A popular recreational area, the landscape is characterized by extended forests, predominantly oaks, by vineyards and orchards.
Meaning of the name.
Buda is the western side of Budapest, "Keszi" was one of the seven ancient Hungarian tribes.
History.
The settlement in the Kingdom of Hungary was first mentioned about 1270, it was completely devastated during the Ottoman Siege of Buda in 1541. In the aftermath of the Ottoman defeat at the 1683 Battle of Vienna, the depopulated area was re-settled with "Danube Swabian" (most of them actually descending from Lorraine, the Palatinate and Alsace) immigrants by the order of the Habsburg King Leopold I. Budakeszi was for centuries a predominantly "Schwabian" (ethnic German) village.
After World War II Budakeszi's history was greatly influenced by the deportation of its ethnic German population according to Article 12 of the 1945 Potsdam Agreement. Though the expulsion was ordered under pressure of the Soviet forces, many Hungarians relished the humiliation of ethnic Germans throughout the region and collectively took part in organized, forced deportations of German-speaking citizens to Germany proper. Most of these expellees had never been to Germany before, as even their great-grand parents had been born in Hungary. Budakeszi lost a great number of its citizens due to the above and the vacuum was later filled with the settlement of families from other regions, such as Transylvania.
Budakeszi today.
Most of the citizens go to work every morning to the capital. With mass transportation (No. 22 bus or Volánbusz intercity bus) this normally takes about 15 minutes.
Although Budakeszi is a town, it still looks nothing more than a charming and picturesque village with a historic main street and a quaint baroque Roman Catholic church in its valley. There is also a lovely Protestant church worth visiting, its cemetery has largely German-named headstones, some of which date back to the early 19th century. (There are also about a dozen WW2 Polish soldiers buried in the cemetery, their graves nicely maintained by their brethren Hungarians).
Today its population is mixed; Hungarians, Schwabian-Germans, Transylvanians all of whom share this small town and live in harmony with each other. The surrounding hills are ideal for tourists. Near the town there is an airfield for sailplanes (gliders) and for small planes.
International relations.
Twin towns — Sister cities.
Budakeszi is twinned with:
Notable citizens.
Among the ethnic Germans expelled from Budakeszi in 1946 were the parents of Joseph "Joschka" Fischer, born in 1948, German foreign minister from 1998-2005. Fischer today holds an honorary citizenship.

</doc>
<doc id="2915955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915955" title="Wallenstein (board game)">
Wallenstein (board game)

Wallenstein is a medium-weight German-style board game designed by Dirk Henn and published by Queen Games in 2002. Though set during the Thirty Years' War, Wallenstein should not be confused with a complex wargame. Rather, it has the feel of a light strategy game with the familiar Euro elements of area control and resource management mixed in. As such, it has a wide range of appeal that attracts wargamers and non-wargamers alike.
Theme.
Historical Context.
Wallenstein is named for Albrecht von Wallenstein, the most influential commander of the Imperial Army during the Thirty Years' War (1618–48).
He won a series of victories, gaining the title of Duke of Mecklenburg. His goal was a large central European empire dominating Western Europe. His ambitions led to his dismissal in 1630, but he was reinstated to defend the empire against Swedish attack. He recovered Bohemia, but was defeated by Gustav II Adolph at Lutzen, and was again dismissed.
Wallenstein's intrigues with the Protestants and his rapidly growing power alarmed the Catholic princes, and he was murdered in his bedroom at Eger by Irish mercenaries.
Integration of Theme and Mechanics.
The game Wallenstein represents two years of the Thirty Years' War. It does not pretend to be a conflict simulation of war. Rather, it is a multiplayer game set in that historical period. Elements from that era intermix with the game mechanics to create an engaging experience.
Wallenstein is represented abstractly in the game by whoever chooses the yellow player. Other important figures of the period are represented by the other colors.
The game board is a map of Germany during the Thirty Years' War. Players must raise grain and gold, feed the masses, stave off rebellions, build churches, trade houses, and palaces, and possibly conquer other provinces. Game play and historical setting mesh to create a compelling gaming experience.
Gameplay.
Turn Phases.
The game takes place over the course of two years. Each year is divided into the four seasons: Spring, Summer, Fall, and Winter. During the first three phases, players take actions to build, gather resources, and battle. During the last phase (Winter), players camp and feed their troops and score victory points for buildings. At the end of the second year, players score victory points for buildings again, and the player with the highest total wins.
Therefore, there are six phases in the game where players may take actions. There are 10 actions the players may take during these seasons, the order of which is randomly decided at the beginning of each season. The first five actions are placed on the game board face up, allowing players to plan based on their order. However, the last five actions remain hidden. The first of the hidden actions is revealed after the completion by all players of the first action, and so on until all actions are revealed by the time the fifth action is taken by all players. In this way, the order of the next five actions is always known to the players.
Mechanics.
Turn order is randomly set at the beginning of each season by shuffling then ordering the Leader cards. This order is used throughout the entire season for all actions taken by the players.
At the start of a year, special “season” event cards are randomly chosen from a deck. All players learn the modifiers these cards may have on the game. These four cards are then shuffled and placed face down on the season track. The first three seasons, a card is revealed and its modifiers applied to the game. During the last season (Winter), the modifiers are ignored, but a number on the card reveals the extent of grain shortage for that year. This element allows players a certain level of planning, but an uncertainty of when (or even if) the season event will happen.
Players may only take actions with regions they control, and only one per region. Each player has a player board that shows the available actions. At the beginning of each season, each player secretly plans which action a region will take. Players assign actions to regions by placing the proper region card face down over the appropriate action. Blank region cards allow each player to hide which actions a player has selected to pass on.
Actions.
Build a Palace, Church, or Trading Firm – Choosing this action for a region allows you to build the appropriate building in the region, providing there is a space. A region may not have more than one of the same building. The regions have varying numbers of available building spaces…one to three. Once full, no more building action may be made in the region.
Produce Gold/Grain – Each region produces a set amount of gold and grain. By choosing one of these actions, the region produces that resource. However, this action also causes unrest in the region, represented by a revolt marker placed on the region. If the region is already in unrest (already has one or more revolt markers), a battle must occur to determine if the player still controls the region. A battle triggered by this action involves placing 1 Farmer army for each revolt marker into the cube tower along with any Farmer armies currently in the cup of the tower. A successful revolt will cause the player to lose the region, all buildings will be destroyed, and he receives none of the income from the territory. A revolt marker is always placed in the region, even if one already existed. Pressing the same region over and over results in stronger unrest and increases the chances of a successful revolt.
Supply Army – Creation of new armies. There are three different supply actions such that a player may increase armies in three different regions per season. One of the actions allows an addition of five armies for the cost of three gold. A second allows the addition of three armies for the cost of two gold. The last allows the addition of one army for one gold. This last action additionally allows the player to move as many troops as he wants from one friendly region to an adjacent friendly region. The player may take either or both of these actions.
Movement/Battle – The movement action allows a player to move armies from a country they own into a neighboring country. The player is allowed to move any number of armies they wish, with the exception that they must leave at least one army in the originating country. If the neighboring country does not belong to that player, a battle occurs.
Battles.
A battle will take place when a player moves armies into a country belonging to another player, into a neutral country, or when a revolt occurs. All battles are determined by the cube tower. The cube tower is a small, cardboard, tube-like structure. At the beginning of any battle, the two combatants gather their armies (cubes) along with all cubes in the bottom tray of the tower. After all cubes have passed through the tower, the cubes of the two combatants are tallied. Each opponent loses a cube for each enemy cube that makes it through the tower. For example, if four red army cubes and five yellow army cubes ended up in the tray, both players would lose four cubes. The yellow player would win the battle and put the one surviving yellow army cube in the region. The lost army cubes of each combatant are returned to their supply. If one fewer yellow cube had fallen out of the tower, the country would have been devastated, destroying any buildings present and leaving the country uncontrolled by either player.
Due to the vagaries of the cube tower, it can be very difficult to predict the outcome of any battle. Many cubes can be poured into the tower, while only a few may come out. During initial setup, armies from all players are added to the tower as well, so it is also possible that in some battles, more cubes come out than were poured in.
Victory Conditions.
During each Winter phase, players score victory points based on their positions on the board.
For every territory and building owned, a player scores 1 point. Then each colored region is considered as a whole. The player with the most Palaces in a region scores 3 points, the player with most Churches in a region scores 2 points and the player with the most Trading Firms in a region scores 1 point. If there is a tie in any region, the players with the most buildings of a particular type score 1 point fewer. Each colored region is scored in this manner.
e.g. If Jack and Kim are scoring the red region and each of them has 2 Palaces in red territories (provided that no other player has more than 1 Palace in that region), they both score 2 points (3 for the most Palaces, minus 1 for the tie). In this manner, tying another player for the most Trading Firms results in zero points.
At the end of 2 years the player with the most victory points wins the game.
Strategy.
Elements of Luck.
One of the largest elements of uncertainty in Wallenstein is the cube tower used to decide the outcome of battles. At the beginning of the game, players put some of their army cubes into the tower and some neutral farmer armies as well. With each battle, army cubes from the two combatants (or possibly neutral 'peasant' cubes) are poured in the top of the tower and a random number of cubes fall out, including some or all of those just put in, and possible some left from previous encounters or the initial load.
This randomness makes for a good amount of luck, without letting it overpower the game. This system, though, tends to make sure that most battles tend to be fought when the attacker has superior numbers and can reasonably count on the tower favoring him with its outcome.
The event cards that play out each season are another small level of randomness. They are known to all players, but the order in which they appear is random each game, leaving players able to plan ahead for possible outcomes, but also forcing them to choose which outcomes to prepare for.
As with most German-style board games, Wallenstein tends to favor player skill and foresight in planning over randomness when deciding the winner for each game.
Strategy.
As a general rule, Wallenstein is more about developing territories rather than conquering them. However, it can certainly be beneficial to take another player's territory after they have already spent resources to develop it. Because of the reliability of receiving victory points from buildings and the uncertainties of battles due to the cube tower, most players tend to avoid conflict in the first year in order to amass larger armies for the second year.
The following more-detailed strategy tips were selected from Innovan's excellent "Wallenstein Strategy (V 2004.1.1)" document on BoardGameGeek.
Components.
As included in the 2002 release of Wallenstein by Queen Games.
Variations.
2-Player Variation.
A two-player variant created by fans of the game is available at BoardGameGeek.
Shogun.
The game was rethemed as Shogun, released by Queen in multi-language international edition in 2006.
Awards.
"Games" – Best Advanced Strategy Game Runner-Up 2003
International Gamers Award – Best Strategy Game Nominee (special award) 2003
Availability.
As of 2005, the Queen Games release of Wallenstein is no longer available. Though this is a German edition, various language translations can be found on BoardGameGeek. Aside from the rules, the game is fairly language independent. Most of the cards contain little or no text, preferring to convey meaning graphically. Being able to pronounce the countries depicted on the board is not essential to gameplay.
Queen Games is also planning to release a multilingual game based on Wallenstein with a new theme. As reported by Gamewire:
"It's official - Queen Games will be publishing a game based on the Wallenstein game system to be titled Shogun. The game is designed by Dirk Henn. The game is set in the Sengoku period (approx 1467-1573) which ends with the inception of the well-known Tokugawa Shogunate. The game will be an international edition with language-independent components and a multilingual rules booklet. Here is a small picture of the box cover. The game is to be released in 2006."
Rio Grande Games also lists Wallenstein as a 2006 release. These two releases may or may not be referring to the same game.

</doc>
<doc id="2915960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915960" title="Trampin'">
Trampin'

Trampin' is an album by Patti Smith, released April 27, 2004. It was the first album Smith released on the Columbia Records label. "Rolling Stone" magazine placed the record on its list of "The Top 50 Albums of 2004".
Personnel.
Band
Additional personnel

</doc>
<doc id="2915978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915978" title="Roy Hazelwood">
Roy Hazelwood

Robert Roy Hazelwood (born March 4, 1938) is a former FBI profiler of sex crimes and is generally regarded as the pioneer of profiling sexual predators. He worked for much of his career for the FBI, retiring in the mid-1990s. 
Early life.
Roy Hazelwood was born in Pocatello, Idaho. When he was an infant, his biological father, Myrle Reddick, kidnapped him and travelled around with him for six months before returning the boy to his paternal grandparents; father and son never saw each other again. He was raised by his mother and stepfather in Spring Branch, Houston, Texas, and attended Sam Houston State University. 
He served a tour in Vietnam, which he completed in 1968 as a Major. He followed his tour with a forensic medicine fellowship with the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology (AFIP) and a stint with the CID as an instructor.
He joined the FBI in 1971.
Career.
In 1980, he developed the distinction between "organized" and "disorganized" murderers, a concept that is still used by law enforcement to help in the apprehension of criminals. He also defined the six categories of rapists: power-reassurance, power assertive, anger retaliatory, anger excitation, opportunistic and gang. Of the six, anger excitation is by far the most dangerous and the hardest to capture. 
Hazelwood has also offered the theory that there is no cure for pedophilia or sexual sadists. He has conducted numerous studies involving sex crimes, including cases of autoerotic asphyxiation. He has done numerous studies involving the willing victims of sexual sadists (wives and girlfriends) and how sexual sadists appear in everyday life. In his career he found equivocal death crime as the most dubious and complex investigation to overcome. 
Hazelwood, now retired from the FBI, is an active member of the Academy Group, an organization of former FBI agents and law enforcement officers. He continues to work closely with the FBI and other government agencies in an effort to track down sexually-oriented murderers. Hazelwood has also co-authored two books with Stephen Michaud: "The Evil That Men Do" and "Dark Dreams".
Hazelwood now gives lectures across North America about sexual sadism and autoerotic fatalities. His presentation is also heavily focused on Dennis Rader, the "B.T.K." serial killer of Wichita.
Personal life.
Hazelwood, a devout Presbyterian, is married with three grown children.

</doc>
<doc id="2915980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915980" title="Javier Cámara">
Javier Cámara

Javier Cámara (born 19 January 1967) is a Spanish actor. He starred in the Pedro Almodóvar films "Talk to Her" (2002) and "Bad Education" (2004), and the television series "7 Vidas" ("Seven Lives").
He was born in Albelda de Iregua, La Rioja (Spain). He later moved to Madrid and graduated from the Dramatic Art School. He worked as an usher at the Figaro Theatre in Madrid.
His debut in theatre was in "El caballero de Olmedo" in 1991. He enjoyed great success in the TV series "7 Vidas" and then with Almodóvar. His awards include 12 wins and 22 nominations.

</doc>
<doc id="2915988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915988" title="Conegliano">
Conegliano

Conegliano ("Conejan" in local dialect) is a town and "comune" of the Veneto region, Italy, in the province of Treviso, about north by rail from the town of Treviso. The population of the city is of around 36,000 people. The remains of a 10th-century castle are situated on a hill that dominates the town. Formerly belonging to the Bishop of Vittorio Veneto, what remains is a bell tower, which now houses a small museum, and outer walls.
Industry.
Conegliano is noted for its wine, chiefly the dry white Prosecco (made from the grape of the same name) which comes in three varieties: tranquillo (still), frizzante (slightly sparkling) and spumante (sparkling). It is also home to Italy's oldest and most prestigious wine school called Scuola Enologica.
It is also home to the Istituto Sperimentale per la Viticoltura where several Italian grape varieties have been bred, including Albarossa, Vega and Valentino nero. Additionally, viticulturalists at the institute have helped saved many native Italian grape varieties from extinction, such as the Valpolicella grape Bigolona.
There is also a great industrial tradition, especially specialized in home appliances.
Colli di Conegliano DOC.
The hills around Conegliano is home to the "Denominazione di origine controllata" (DOC) zone of Colli di Conegliano. Here both red and white Italian wines are produced at a variety of sweetness levels from dry to sweet "passito" dessert wines. Grapes destined for DOC wine production must be harvested to a yield no greater than 12 tonnes/hectare. The finished wine must attain a minimum alcohol level of 12% for the red wines and 10.5% for the whites in order to be labelled with the Colli di Conegliano DOC designation.
The red DOC wines are made Merlot (10-40%), Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc and Marzemino (at least 10% of each with no maximum for the last three varieties) and up 10% of Incrocio Manzoni 2.15. The wine is required to be aged at least two years in barrel prior to being released. A sweet red "passito" labeled as "Refrontolo" is made from at least 95% Marzemino with up 5% of other local non-aromatic varieties permitted to round out the blend.
The dry white of the DOC is made from at least 30% Manzoni bianco with between 30-70% collectively of Pinot blanc and Chardonnay and up to 10% total of Sauvignon blanc and Riesling Renano. The "passito" style "Torchiato di Fregona" can be made in both a dry and sweet style from at least 30% each of Glera and Verdiso, a minimum 25% of Boschera and up to 15% of non-aromatic varieties like Marzemina bianca and Bianchetta Trevigiana. This wine is required to age at least 13 months prior to being release.
Culture.
Every June, a special chess or 'dama' game where the pieces are represented by actual real people—known as the "Dama Castellana"—is performed in the historical center. This event is not the continuation of a secular tradition, but has been introduced only a few years ago, still managed to become a traditional event calendar coneglianese.
Conegliano was the birthplace of the painter Cima da Conegliano, a fine altar-piece by whom is in the cathedral (1492) and the composer and conductor at the Cincinnati Conservatory Pier Adolfo Tirindelli, .
International relations.
Twin towns - sister cities.
Conegliano is twinned with:
References.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="2915993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915993" title="Amateur Astronomers Association of Pittsburgh">
Amateur Astronomers Association of Pittsburgh

Amateur Astronomers Association of Pittsburgh (AAAP) was founded on June 9, 1929 by Chester B. Roe and Leo J. Scanlon. Since then, it has grown to over 500 members and operates two observatories in the Pittsburgh region: the Nicholas E. Wagman Observatory and the Mingo Creek Park Observatory. The club also sponsors many star parties that are open to members of the public throughout the year.
The club's motto is "We have loved the stars too fondly to be fearful of the night," from the Sarah Williams poem "The Old Astronomer to his Pupil".
The Amateur Astronomers Association of Pittsburgh, Inc. (AAAP) has promoted popular astronomy in western Pennsylvania for over seventy five years. With over 500 members, it is one of the larger astronomy clubs in the nation. At monthly meetings (open to the public) upcoming celestial events such as meteor showers, comets, occultations, and rare planetary alignments are announced. Observations and techniques are shared so that all members may benefit from the experiences. Each meeting also features a special speaker, sometimes an AAAP member, but also outside experts from various fields. Past speakers have presented topics including meteorite hunting in Antarctica, cosmological modeling using supercomputers, and astrophotography with exotic equipment such as dry-ice cameras. 
Club members have been involved in many projects in both the astronomical and general communities. Recent accomplishments include the installation of an official Pennsylvania Historic Marker honoring the location of the first ever astronomical dome constructed from aluminum, the naming of an asteroid after the co-founder of the AAAP, making area zoning boards and other officials aware of the need for careful design and installation of nighttime lighting for schools, malls, and housing to avoid adversely affecting the visibility of the night time sky (Light Pollution). 
Education of the general public in the science and hobby of astronomy has always been a prime focus of the AAAP. Through public Star Parties at the Wagman Observatory and at Mingo Creek Park Observatory, lectures at area bookstores and nature centers, and scheduled classes; AAAP members spread the word about the fascinating and inspiring wonders in the nighttime sky. 
The membership of the AAAP includes many experienced observers and telescope makers. AAAP'ers contribute articles to magazines and several have written astronomy books. Members are interviewed by the local news media during unusual celestial events, and teach adult education courses in astronomy. Many staff members of Allegheny Observatory, Carnegie Science Center and the science departments of district universities are members of the club. Several AAAP members have notable discoveries to their credit, and the club is proud to have one of the largest number of Messier Certificates in the country (awarded for observing a large and diverse number of distant celestial objects), a clear sign of our members' skill at the telescope. And the influence of the AAAP extends into the solar system: seven members have asteroids named for them.
Facilities.
Nicholas E. Wagman Observatory.
The Nicholas E. Wagman Observatory houses two permanent telescopes including the Brashear 11in refractor.
The Wagman Observatory hill, located in the northeast corner of Deer Lakes Park at , is ideally suited for an astronomical facility. At 1340 feet elevation it is one of the highest points in Allegheny County, and one of the few such sites not already occupied by a radio mast, microwave relay tower, or water tank. It is believed that local Indian tribes in the area, such as the Seneca, once used the hill as a lookout for watching game and the activities of neighboring tribes. The hill affords an almost 100% view of the sky. Because of its location in a relatively rural country park, the observatory is protected from the majority of commercial or residential development that could cause excessive stray and misdirected lighting (Light Pollution). Yet the site can be reached from downtown Pittsburgh in 45 minutes, and even from the southern reaches of the county in less than an hour, thanks to the proximity of the route 28 expressway, and the Pennsylvania Turnpike.
The Observatory is owned and operated by the AAAP. Originally built in 1987 and expanded in 1995, it is the first and only amateur astronomical observatory in western Pennsylvania dedicated to public education and enjoyment of the science of astronomy. The facility is the focal point for scheduled public viewing evenings (Star Parties), as well as the recreational and scientific observations of the membership. During Star Parties visitors may view celestial objects through the observatory's two large permanent telescopes: the Brashear 11-inch Refractor and the Manka Memorial Telescope, a 21-inch Newtonian Reflector, or any of a wide variety of portable telescopes set up on the spacious grounds by members. The observatory is a popular outing for scout groups, science classes from local schools, and civic groups.
Mingo Creek Park Observatory.
The Mingo Creek Park Observatory was dedicated on August 27, 2005. The observatory is located at , elevation 1150 feet in Mingo Creek County Park south of Pittsburgh in Nottingham Township east of Washington, PA.
The Mingo Creek Park Observatory is owned and operated by the AAAP. The Observatory was built in the spring/summer of 2004, and officially dedicated in August 2005. It has become the largest amateur astronomical observatory in SouthWestern Pennsylvania dedicated to public education and enjoyment of the science of astronomy. The mission of the Mingo Creek Park Observatory is to educate and make freely available to a diverse public of all ages programs on astronomy and the preservation of dark skies. The facility is a focal point for scheduled public viewing evenings (Star Parties), as well as the recreational and scientific observations of the membership. During Star Parties visitors are able to view celestial objects through the observatory's two large permanent telescopes, a 24-inch RC Reflector and the D&G 10-inch Refractor, or any of a wide variety of portable telescopes set up on the spacious grounds by members. The observatory has become a popular destination and center of astronomical activities for scout groups, science classes from local schools, and civic groups.
The AAAP has acquired a planetarium projector and dome that has become a popular educational tool for the new Observatory. People attending a starparty can see a short basic planetarium program on the night sky, and then step directly outside and look up (or through a telescope) and see what was just shown to them inside! This is especially useful on cloudy nights, along with the classroom astronomy displays, AV presentations, and computer projected lectures.
Greene County Site.
Despite Wagman observatory being in just about the remotest part of Allegheny County, the sky glow from encroaching civilization is plainly visible. For those AAAP members who want to experience the night sky in all of its pre-industrial age glory, there is the Greene County Site. This "observatory" is actually a cow pasture, whose owner has given the AAAP explicit permission to use as a site for setting up portable telescopes and equipment. AAAP members routinely caravan to the site, meeting at someplace easily located along the way, and then finding their way together. There are no "comfort facilities" at this site (the site is actually the comfort station for the cows, so watch your step), nor is there electricity. So come prepared to be self-sufficient for the evening's observing. There are no public events held at this location.

</doc>
<doc id="2915997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915997" title="Estrada Courts">
Estrada Courts

Estrada Courts is a low-income housing project in the Boyle Heights area of Los Angeles, California.
History and Construction.
Estrada Courts was constructed in 1942-1943, during the World War II housing shortage in Southern California, which resulted from the war-time boom in war-industry work, followed by the return of servicemen to the region and the Bracero program.
Estrada Courts is owned by the City of Los Angeles and operated by the Housing Authority of the City of Los Angeles.
Estrada Courts Murals.
Estrada Courts is well known for its murals, which reflect the Chicano barrio culture and traditions of the area. 
The murals include:
The murals "Dreams of Flight", "Untitled" by Daniel Haro (1983), and "Untitled" by Steve Delgado (1973) are featured prominently in an episode of the television show "Robbery Homicide Division-City of Strivers" from November 8, 2002.
Education.
Residents are assigned to the following schools in the Los Angeles Unified School District:

</doc>
<doc id="2915999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915999" title="Kamaishi Station">
Kamaishi Station

Lines.
Kamaishi Station is a terminal station of the Yamada Line, and is located 157.5 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Morioka Station. It is also the terminus of the Kamaishi Line, located 90.2 rail kilometers from the opposing terminus at , and is a terminal station for the Sanriku Railway South Rias Line.
Station layout.
Kamaishi Station has two island platform serving four tracks, connected to the station building by an underground passage. The station has a Green Window ticket booth. The Sanriku Railway has one side platform adjacent to the JR platforms, and also is connected by an underground passage.
History.
Kamaishi Station opened on 17 September 1939.The Kamakishi Line began operations from 11 October 1944. The station also became a terminal station for the Miyako Line on 27 February 1972. This line was privatized on 1 April 1987, becoming the Sanriku Railway South Rias Line. Kamaishi Station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987. The 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami on 11 March 2011 destroyed much of the tracks and many stations of the Yamada Line between Miyako and Kamaishi. In February 2012, JR East officially proposed that this section of the Yamada Line be scrapped and the right-of-way used as a bus rapid transit (BRT) route.

</doc>
<doc id="2916000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916000" title="Julius Papp">
Julius Papp

Julius Papp is a house music producer and DJ whose roots lie in disco of the '70s and new wave of the '80s.
Papp was born and raised in Montreal, Canada, and got tuned into dance music through the city’s flourishing club scene and diverse radio broadcasts. He started collecting vinyl records in the late '70s and took to the turntables in 1985, landing his first major club gig two years later.
He moved to Los Angeles in 1981 and then again three years later, up north, to San Jose in the Bay Area, finally settling in San Francisco.
Early DJ influences for Papp came from reading about specific parties piloted by talented music programmers that, even today, still influence the youngest of aspiring DJs. Legends like Larry Levan at the Paradise Garage in NYC to Frankie Knuckles at The Warehouse in Chicago to Tony Humphries' weekly at Zanzibar in New Jersey. Always inspired by any track listing in those articles, Papp would hunt down the music that became dance classics. He remains open minded and eclectic in his sources of musical inspiration.
As Papp's production catalog grew, so did the number of labels releasing his music, including Nervous (NYC), Maxi (NYC), Large (Chicago), Yellow (Paris), King ST (NYC), Loveslap (SF) and Om Records (SF).
Papp's latest CD compilation mix is on Loveslap entitled "Heartbeat Vol. 2".

</doc>
<doc id="2916009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916009" title="Soligor">
Soligor

Soligor was originally the trade mark for the American Allied Impex Corporation, used from 1956 for lenses and later cameras imported from Japan. It imported cameras from Japan and also took control of companies in Japan. Among the first products was Miranda T camera and Soligor lenses.
Soligor GmbH is a German manufacturer of photographic equipment, optics, video surveillance equipment, and personal electronics. Founded in Stuttgart in 1968 as A.I.C. Phototechnik GmbH by Allied Impex Corporation (USA), the company changed its official name in 1993 to match the brand name used on its optical products. 
Most commonly encountered products were manufactured in Japan, (to quite a reasonable standard-many by Tokina,) under the Soligor brand, as well as Miranda, (which was acquired by Allied Impex in the 1960s.) The company also seems to have had an association with Vivitar, (the T4 interchangeable mount, for instance).
The company is currently located in Leinfelden-Echterdingen, just outside Stuttgart, in Baden-Württemberg.
The T4 interchangeable mount.
Most famously associated with Soligor, designed in the 1960s, (apparently by Tokina,) the T4 mount was intended to compete with Tamron's T-thread, and the later Adapt-A-Matic mounts. The idea behind these mounts was 'one lens, any mount'. A retailer, for instance, only had to keep one lens model and a few, cheap mounts, rather than many lenses in every different lens mount. It allowed automatic aperture, aperture indexing/metering facilities.
Mounts were offered in almost all popular fittings. It was superseded by the incompatible TX system, (though the T4 mount was compatible with TX lenses.) Vivitar as a brand name was owned by Ponder & Best at this time (T4 for Two). 

</doc>
<doc id="2916020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916020" title="Coronach">
Coronach

A coronach (also written coranich, corrinoch, coranach, cronach, etc.) is the Scottish Gaelic equivalent of the Goll, being the third part of a round of keening, the traditional improvised singing at a death, wake or funeral in the Highlands of Scotland and in Ireland. Though observers have reported hearing such songs in Ireland or in the Scottish Highlands, and melodies have been noted down and printed since the 18th century, audio recordings are rare; not only was the practice dying out or being suppressed through the 19th century, but it was also considered by its practitioners to have been a very personal and spiritual practice, not suitable for performance or recording.
The Scottish border ballad "The Bonny Earl of Murray" is supposedly composed in the tradition of the coronach.
Schubert's Opus 52 No 4 (D 836) set words from Sir Walter Scott's "Lady of the Lake" under the title "Coronach", for female choir with piano accompaniment. 

</doc>
<doc id="2916022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916022" title="French drop">
French drop

The French drop is a well-known vanish involving sleight of hand. The magician takes a coin or small object between the fingers and the thumb with fingers facing the audience and thumb behind. The palm is face up. We'll assume the object is in the right hand though it could be either. The other hand, in this case the left, approaches and the thumb goes underneath the object while the left fingers close on the object from above. The left hand appears to come away with the object and the space between the right hand finger and thumb is seen to be empty. After a brief pause the magician opens his left hand and the object has disappeared. In some versions the right hand can also be seen empty, leaving no clue as to where the object went.
Method.
The secret here is that the left hand never took the object in the first place. As the left fingers closed from above, the right thumb relaxed the grip so that the object fell into the base of the right fingers, while the left hand continues to close just as if taking the object. The right fingers and thumb are left in a position with a small gap between them just as if the left hand has actually taken the object. In skilled hands the illusion is perfect. Now the performer waves the left hand at the audience, misdirecting attention off the right which has finger palmed the object casually pointing at the left hand. Turning to the right the performer again waves the left hand, maybe pattering that the audience should watch the hand closely (more misdirection). At this moment the right hand is behind the body and the performer drops the object in a pocket. Another method is to openly put the right hand in a pocket to obtain a wand or some magic dust, but actually leaving the object behind.
Whichever method is used, the performer is now ready to show the disappearance of the coin or object from the left hand in the most theatrical and fitting way. The right hand can also be shown empty if the above methods have been followed. Since the object is ostensibly taken by one hand, this is known as a take vanish.
References.
The French Drop

</doc>
<doc id="2916023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916023" title="Miyako Station">
Miyako Station

Lines.
Miyako Station is served by the Yamada Line, and is located 102.1 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Morioka Station. It is also a terminal station for the Sanriku Railway North Rias Line.
Station layout.
Miyako Station has a side platform and an island platform connected to the station building by an overhead crossing. The station has a Green Window ticket booth. The side platform is used by the Sanriku Railway for only one starting train per day, with the island platform shared by both the Yamada Line and the Sanriku Railway.
History.
Miyako Station opened on 8 November 1934. The station became a terminal station for the Miyako Line on 27 February 1972. This line was privatized on 1 April 1987, becoming the Sanriku Railway Kita-Rias Line. Miyako Station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987. The 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami on 11 March 2011 destroyed much of the tracks and many stations between Miyako and Kamaishi. In February 2012, JR East officially proposed that this section of the line be scrapped and the right-of-way used as a bus rapid transit (BRT) route.

</doc>
<doc id="2916027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916027" title="National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial">
National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial

The National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial in Washington, D.C., at Judiciary Square, honors 20,267 U.S. law enforcement officers who have died in the line of duty throughout history. The National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund was established by former U.S. Representative Mario Biaggi (D-NY), a 23-year New York City police veteran who was wounded in the line of duty over 10 times before retiring in 1965.
Overview.
The mission of the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund is to generate increased public support for the law enforcement profession by permanently recording and appropriately commemorating the service and sacrifice of law enforcement officers; and to provide information that will help promote law enforcement safety.
History.
Donald J. Guilfoil, a detective with the Suffolk County PBA, initiated the federal legislation to establish a National Police Memorial in 1972. Rep. Biaggi then took up the cause and joined forces with U.S. Senator Claiborne Pell (D-RI) to establish the national monument to honor all of America's fallen law enforcement heroes. 
The legislation to authorize the Memorial was enacted in October 1984. Fifteen national law enforcement organizations were responsible for the passage of the legislation, along with designing the Memorial, finding the site to build the Memorial, and raising the funds to build the Memorial. These police groups comprise the board of the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund and continue to oversee operations of the Memorial: Concerns of Police Survivors; Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association; Fraternal Order of Police; Fraternal Order of Police Auxiliary; International Association of Chiefs of Police; International Brotherhood of Police Officers; International Union of Police Associations/AFL-CIO; National Association of Police Organizations; National Black Police Association; National Organization of Black Law Enforcement Executives; National Sheriffs' Association; National Troopers Coalition; Police Executive Research Forum; Police Foundation; and the United Federation of Police. In 2009, a 16th member was added to the NLEOMF board: the Police Unity Tour, an organization of law enforcement officers who ride bicycles hundreds of miles to the Memorial each May during National Police Week to honor and raise awareness of officers killed in the line of duty. In 2012, three additions were made to the Board including representatives from DuPont, Motorola and Target. There are also four honorary board organizations: the FBI National Academy Associates; the Federal Criminal Investigators Association; the International Association of Women Police; and the International Conference of Police Chaplains.
Later developments.
Seven years after passage of the authorizing legislation, on October 15, 1991, the Memorial was officially dedicated. At the time of dedication, the names of over 12,000 fallen officers were engraved on the Memorial's walls. Currently, there are 20,267 names on the Memorial. Each year, during National Police Week, on May 13, the Memorial Fund hosts a Candlelight Vigil, attended by more than 20,000 officers and survivors, to formally dedicate the names added to the Memorial walls that year. At the current rate at which names are being added, the Memorial walls are expected to be filled by 2050.
Design and location.
Designed by architect Davis Buckley, the memorial features a reflecting pool which is surrounded by walkways on a park. Along the walkways are walls that are inscribed with names of all U.S. law enforcement officers — federal, state, and local — who have died in the line of duty. One entrance of the Judiciary Square Metro station is on the Memorial site. The Memorial maintains a Visitors Center & Store, where visitors can browse merchandise and learn more about the history of law enforcement and the fallen officers engraved on the Memorial walls. The Visitors Center & Store is located at 400 7th Street, NW. 
While the memorial sits on federal land, the monument was constructed and is maintained with private funds, not taxpayer dollars. Public Law 104-329 (October 20, 1996) created a Memorial Maintenance Fund, managed by the United States Secretary of the Interior and funded in part by the sale of 500,000 National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Commemorative Silver Dollars issued by the U.S. Mint. The Memorial is adjacent to the upcoming National Law Enforcement Museum. The Memorial and Museum are both projects of the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund (NLEOMF), a non-profit, 501(c)(3) organization based in Washington, D.C.
Sculpture.
The Memorial features four bronze lions--two male and two female—each watching over a pair of lion cubs. The adult lions were sculpted by Raymond Kaskey, the cubs by George Carr.
Below each lion is carved a different quotation:
"It is not how these officers died that made them heroes, it is how they lived."
—Vivian Eney Cross, Survivor
"In valor there is hope."
—Tacitus
"The wicked flee when no man pursueth: but the righteous are as bold as a lion."
—Proverbs 28:1
"Carved on these walls is the story of America, of a continuing quest to preserve both democracy and decency, and to protect a national treasure that we call the American dream."
—President George H. W. Bush

</doc>
<doc id="2916035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916035" title="Andrew McGibbon">
Andrew McGibbon

Born in Chiswick in 1961, Andrew McGibbon (a.k.a. Andrew Paresi) is an English comedian, actor, writer, musician and composer. He has also produced and directed extensively, chiefly for radio.
Education.
The son of James, a prominent educationalist and child psychologist, McGibbon studied at St Edmund’s Primary, Whitton and Salesian College. He learnt to play the drums, his chief instrument, during his time at Richmond Tertiary College. In 1980, despite serious thoughts about attending Berklee School of Music, he left college to forge a career as a working musician.
Music career.
McGibbon initially associated himself closely with the London jazz scene, often rehearsing with Django Bates. However, he failed to make a significant impact, peaking with a performance alongside Lou Donaldson at Ronnie Scott's Jazz Club on 22 March 1982.
The name Paresi was adopted around this time on the advice of his then girlfriend, who had found that it was an Italian medical term for embolism. “There was something appealing about naming myself after a heart attack”, he remembers. “Some sort of post-punk bollocks, I guess, which meant a lot to me back in 1982”.
His first big break came on 7 November 1984 with an appearance on Tyne Tees children’s pop show "Razzamatazz" as the drummer in Jim Diamond’s band. Given the success of his number one hit "I Should Have Known Better", a subsequent appearance by Paresi on "Top of the Pops" was expected were it not for Diamond’s regular drummer Simon Kirke rapidly returning to the fold.
Paresi soon built a reputation for his drum programming work, and working relationships with a number of record producers developed. David Motion secured Paresi’s percussive abilities for "Love in a World Gone Mad" and "I Used to Love the Radio", recorded during the sessions for Bucks Fizz’s 1986 album "Writing on the Wall". He also worked with Motion on "One Way", an album by europopglam band Rok-Etz recently augmented by Sal Solo of Classix Nouveaux. That same year the drummer encountered Stephen Street, who mixed a single by A Pair of Blue Eyes, a short-lived CBS band to whom Paresi was assigned.
The Street connection would lead to regular work with Morrissey, immediately following the demise of The Smiths in 1987. Paresi was regular drummer on albums "Viva Hate" and "Kill Uncle" as well as the "Bona Drag" sessions, lasting until the singer songwriter’s sharp change of direction into rockabilly in 1992. This period of Paresi’s career would later be chronicled in a BBC Radio 4 documentary, "I Was Morrissey’s Drummer" (2005), as well as a number of related articles.
Paresi joined Bleed in 1994, an agitating feminist group famed for their anti-pornography single "It Makes Money", for which they sent “faxes to various music and mainstream press publications plus top-shelf sex magazines” highlighting the industry’s abuses of women. Despite an association with Stephen Street, by then producing Blur, the group struggled to find an audience and split in 1997.
More recent musical activities include drum duties on the 2010 album by Franc Cinelli, who performs under the Good Times, Good Times moniker. The record, also called "Good Times, Good Times", was produced by Danton Supple and released on his label, Definition Sounds.
Local radio.
In parallel to his music career, Andrew McGibbon maintained a keen interest in performing comedy and found regular work as a fake caller on Clive Bull’s late-night LBC show, beginning in 1986. There, he developed the character of Ned Sherrin soundalike Rodway of Belgravia, a man trapped with his mother and in unrequited love with the girl at his local gardening shop. Shortly before Christmas 1987 he faked the murder of a turkey live on air, provoking several complaints. Another character was Eric the Gardener, a Wiltshireman inclined to speak in gnomic, poetic utterances and non sequiturs. There was also Vini of Vauxhall (based on musician Vini Reilly) and Ron, an estate dweller constantly having to calm his dogs – Sultan and Khan – during calls to the show. The last of these was a direct influence on a character in BBC Radio 4’s phone-in parody "Down the Line with Gary Bellamy". Its creators have freely admitted on "Front Row" that Bull’s show was in their minds when making the series, having been regular listeners during the late-Eighties.
Self-released singles.
Shortly after ending his period in the Morrissey band, Andrew McGibbon released two records of his own.
The first was "Princess" by Blu Gene featuring Spider Johnson, a ragga single which used extracts from the Princess Diana Squidgygate tape as answering phrases in a love song. Annie Nightingale played it heavily but the record was otherwise outlawed by Radio 1, despite the creation of a toned-down radio edit.
This was followed by "I Live in a Giant Mushroom", a novelty trance single by McGibbon disguised as LBC character Eric the Gardener. The record secured daytime play on "Steve Wright in the Afternoon" on BBC Radio 1, where the presenter predicted it would be a Christmas hit. In the event, it failed to chart. Issued on Mental Temple, McGibbon’s own label, it was mixed and produced by Danton Supple who would later produce Coldplay. A song on the Divine Comedy album Fin de Siecle was named in tribute to Eric.
Kevin Greening.
A significant working relationship was forged between McGibbon and GLR disc jockey Kevin Greening around the time that he moved to Virgin Radio in April 1993. His interest was piqued by the Eric the Gardener record, desperate to know if the character was real or make believe. McGibbon was soon contributing sketch material to the show. Additional characters in these early days included Welworth Moore, David van Donkin, Inspector Steeping of Scotland Yard, Raymond Sinclair and Creighton Wheeler.
Transferring to BBC Radio 1 in January 1994, Greening initially fronted the weekend breakfast show, moving to lunchtimes between November 1994 and October 1995. Fixtures during this period include a regular two-part story from Eric the Gardener and three adverts per show by Raymond Sinclair’s insalubrious associates Blo Chap. Musical departures comprised the work of the Sinclair Singers, a satirical four-part jazz harmony group again mixed and produced by Danton Supple, as well as a parody of Morrissey smuggled in during guest host slots for Simon Mayo and known in fan circles as "Oh Melanie".
McGibbon was sacked from the show upon the move back to weekend breakfast in October 1995, although returned to assist during the depleted airtime available in Greening’s drive time slot from February – October 1997.
October 1997 saw the partnering of Greening with Zoë Ball for the Radio 1 breakfast show, which lasted just one year. Here, McGibbon debuted Major Holdups, a terrifying former air pilot prone to barking out travel updates inter-cut with surreal storylines. These items were co-written with Rob Colley. This period also saw the return of Raymond Sinclair in the regular item Ray’s Organ.
With a move to Sundays in September 1998, McGibbon was dropped once again from Greening’s show. A final edition on 16 January 2000 comprised a nostalgic look back at old sketch material, ending with a swansong appearance by Eric the Gardener.
The Nimmo Twins.
Andrew McGibbon briefly performed as the third member of The Nimmo Twins, a sketch troupe formed in 1996 by Owen Evans and Karl Minns. Augmenting the team from the spring of 1999, their third Edinburgh show premiered in August at the Pleasance and was well received. In a five-star review by the "Scotland on Sunday" newspaper, it was claimed that “you never know where their comedy is coming from. It sneaks up behind you and bites without warning. Whether it’s a skit about Chaucer having his prologue, having "The Canterbury Tales" rejected on account of the spelling mistakes, or a killingly funny analysis of the abysmal acting common to crime reconstructions, The Nimmo Twins hit the comedy bulls eye like Tyson hits his unfortunate opponents. It’s anarchic, off-the-wall and eye-poppingly innovative.”
By the time of their 2000 radio series, McGibbon had left to pursue his own projects.
Creighton Wheeler.
Creighton Wheeler, a character created by McGibbon during his time with Kevin Greening, has enjoyed the longest life of any of his characters. A sufferer of splicer’s disease, words and phrases are skipped as he speaks, thus creating conjunctions made out of fragments from unrelated words. The conceit grew out of the parodies of radio ads featuring Raymond Sinclair on – initially – Greening’s Virgin show, where crude tape edits breathlessly cut from one sentence to another, often losing syllabic sounds. McGibbon could eventually mimic this naturally and, with the tilt of a cut-glass accent broadly based on art critic Brian Sewell, a new character emerged.
Wheeler diversified from the Greening show with regular appearances on Loose Ends, on which McGibbon had first met The Nimmo Twins. Live performances followed as part of their Edinburgh show, as did a variation on the character for an episode of Vic Reeves and Bob Mortimer’s revival of Randall & Hopkirk (Deceased).
Two series for BBC Radio 4 aired in 2003. "Wheeler's Fortune" and "Wheeler's Wonders" were narrated by Brian Hayes and explored the character’s "Zelig"-like presence in cultural history. Jon Snow, Bernard Cribbins, David Frost, Brian Sewell, Ned Sherrin and Michael Winner were amongst his deadpan witnesses. A rave review followed courtesy of Gillian Reynolds of "The Daily Telegraph", who claimed it had “made me whoop, yell and fall out of bed laughing.” Applauding an arts show parody called ‘Art, Art, Art, Art’, she continued “We have all heard parodies of television arts shows. We have all experienced arts shows that are beyond parody. This one was both spot on and deliciously off. Hayes linked it with the dignity of Kenneth Horne encountering Julian and Sandy.”
Early sitcoms.
Having developed a taste for narrative comedy with the exploits of Tony Meringue on the Kevin Greening show, McGibbon soon wrote a number of half-hour comedies for BBC Radio 4.
"Routemasters" (1999) was his debut sitcom, telling the tale of a time travelling art thief. The series starred the Nimmo Twins and "LA Law" actress Amanda Donohoe. It represented her official radio debut, excluding a number of incognito appearances in various sketches for Greening. Speaking to the "Radio Times", she said that “I suppose I’m an intergalactic dominatrix. There are great humorous possibilities – like painting the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel with white emulsion. In the end we discover Hildegard’s rather tawdry past and motives.” The series was written by McGibbon (who also played Raymond) with additional material by Rob Colley and Kevin Greening. Later BBC7 transmissions were cut to remove a subplot about castration.
Two series of "I Think I’ve Got a Problem" (2001 – 3) followed and were similarly fantastical. The sitcom was a musical about Tom Caine, a man with a band living inside his head. It was co-written with Nick Romero and starred Suggs (of the band Madness), Bob Monkhouse, McGibbon and Romero. Bill Nighy and Julia Deakin joined for the second series. The considerable amount of musical content was jointly composed by McGibbon, Romero and Suggs. Matthew Bannister described it as “"Pennies from Heaven" on acid". Gillian Reynolds summed it up as an “inventive commentary on humanity, cruelty, folly and the chaos of consciousness, all done in the style of a comic strip. It is original, bold amazingly brilliant.” 
"Dead Man Talking" (2001) was a four-part series produced by Wise Buddah, again for BBC Radio 4. The format was a chat show in which John Bird probed famous people from history, all long since dead, amongst them Adam & Eve, Boudicca & Joan of Arc and Mary Shelley & Robert Oppenheimer. The series featured Fiona Allen, Jon Culshaw, John Sessions and Tony Slattery.
Andrew McGibbon also made regular appearances in Tom Jamieson & Nev Fountain’s "Elephants to Catch Eels" (2003 – 4), a sitcom about eighteenth century Cornish smugglers. In it he played Captain Marriot and the series ran for two series of six episodes. It co-starred Lucy Speed, John Bowe, Cameron Stewart, Martin Hyder, Julia Deakin and Mark Felgate, with Sheridan Smith joining for series two. It was produced by Jan Ravens.
Curtains for Radio.
Initially partnered with Testbed Productions for the "Wheeler’s Fortune" and "Wheeler’s Wonders" series, the company Curtains for Radio was established in 2002 by McGibbon, Romero and Jonathan Ruffle. Its work has mainly been in radio comedy and features, although it has recently branched out into film.
CFR’s first entirely independent production was "Kington’s Anatomy of Comedy" (2005), a three-part series on the mechanics of comedy presented by Miles Kington. It was followed by "Miles Apart" (2006), three extended interviews with comedy practitioners in other cultures – Antoine de Caunes in France, Sabina Guzzanti in Italy, and Harry Shearer in America. All were co-produced by McGibbon and Romero.
"I Was Morrissey’s Drummer" (2005) was the first in a sequence of profiles of people who once worked with great artists. McGibbon himself was the initial subject. Two short series of "I Was…" followed in 2007 and 2008, with reflections from those close to Douglas Adams, Ernest Hemingway, David Lean, Dudley Moore, Sam Peckinpah and Peter Sellers.
"Not Today, Thank You" (2006), a peak-time sitcom written by Andrew McGibbon and Nick Romero, cast Brian Hayes as a washed-up radio presenter forced to live in his grandmother’s house with her six eccentric tenants. The series also featured Harry Shearer, Sheridan Smith, Mark Perry, Alex Lowe, McGibbon and Romero. It was poorly received by many critics, including Gareth McLean of "The Guardian" who was moved to describe it as “the worst programme on the network". Susan Jeffreys of "The Daily Mail" was kinder, noting “Brian Hayes turning in a great performance.”
"Reality is an Illusion Caused by Lack of N.F. Simpson" (2007) was a verbosely titled return to documentary, in which presenter David Quantick chronicled the life of the absurdist playwright. A 'work in progress' version for television was premiered at BFI Southbank in May 2008, representing the first visual production by Curtains for Radio.
"Single Files" (2007 – 8) was a dating agency sitcom by Mark Trotman and Chris Tisdall. It starred Jo Joyner, Mark Heap, Sarah Hadland, Giles New, Julia Deakin and Bruce MacKinnon. The series was produced by Andrew McGibbon, Nick Romero and Lianne Coop.
A bi-media production, "The Cornwell Estate" (2008–10), depicted the lives of four characters played by Phil Cornwell. Devised, written and directed by Andrew McGibbon, the first two radio episodes were the soundtracks of on-location films streamed by BBC Interactive. The remaining two episodes were standard studio productions for BBC Radio 4. Reviews were excellent, with Gillian Reynolds dubbing it “a bright new series… a very good cast, good production and sharp script make it both real and surreal.”. A second series followed in 2010.
In 2013, Curtains for Radio expanded their website to include a guest blog written by a variety of contributors.
"I Was" book.
Compiled from research for the earlier radio series, as well as drawing on interviews with seven new subjects, "I Was Douglas Adams's Flatmate, and Other Encounters with Legends" was published by Faber and Faber in 2011. Many reviews commented on its eclecticism, with Tim Walker of "The Independent" describing it as "a bizarrely versatile toilet book". Iain Finlayson of "The Times" predicted it would "stand up as entertaining primary source material for future biographies". Writing in "The Word" magazine, Mark Hodkinson added that, in his view, "the chapters on civil rights lawyer Clive Stafford Smith and Valerie Danby Smith, Ernest Hemingway's former secretary, are solid pieces of reportage." "The Big Issue" added that "McGibbon's comic timing and affection for his subject matter makes it a lot of fun."
To promote the release of the book, "The Independent on Sunday" published extracts. McGibbon also gave a number of interviews.
The Pickerskill Reports.
A significant coup for CFR saw "The Pickerskill Detentions" (2005) mark the first radio performance in twenty years by Ian Richardson, playing the retired English master of Haunchurst College for Boys. In the series he reflected on his most memorable detentions. The series also featured Phil Cornwell, Martin Hyder, Dominic Hawksley and Nick Romero, and was written and directed by Andrew McGibbon. The series was widely acclaimed, with Ruth Cowen of "The Sunday Express" describing it as “bizarre and very funny’’ and Chris Campling of "The Times" noting how “Andrew McGibbon’s stories about a teacher with an unusual, moralistic attitude towards justice are a good example of that gentle humour which suddenly throws in a wobbly that pulls you up short.”
In part due to Richardson’s death in 2007, plans for a television transfer were abandoned. However, a radio sequel – "The Pickerskill Reports" – aired on BBC Radio 4 in four parts from 28 August 2009. It starred Ian McDiarmid in the Pickerskill role, with support by Thomas Brodie Sangster, Tony Gardner and Philip Madoc. Moira Petty of "The Stage" praised it by saying that "Ian McDiarmid has stepped brilliantly into the central role." Gillian Reynolds of "The Sunday Telegraph", reviewing the second series in 2011, called it "scorchingly funny". This second series added Sheridan Smith to the cast.
A concluding special, "Dr Henry Pickerskill: The Final Report" was transmitted in 2013, this time with Elaine Cassidy and Mark Heap in guest roles. The script editors were Nick Romero and David Quantick and a report on its recording was streamed online.

</doc>
<doc id="2916041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916041" title="You Better You Bet">
You Better You Bet

"You Better You Bet" is a song written by Pete Townshend of The Who for their 1981 album, "Face Dances". It appears as the first track on the album. 
"You Better You Bet" was the last single by The Who that reached the Top 20 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, reaching number 18 on 21 March 1981. The track peaked at number 1 on the "Billboard" Top Tracks chart in the first half of 1981. It was also their last single to hit the Top Ten in the UK, peaking at number 9. It is sung by front man Roger Daltrey but contains backing vocals from Townshend and bassist John Entwistle. Townshend's guitar part is played on a Rickenbacker 360/12.
Content.
The song makes references to both the group T. Rex, and the group's own 1971 album "Who's Next", with the line: ""I drunk myself blind to the sound of old T. Rex... and Who's Next"". This song also sounded very similar to Pete Townshend's solo release "Let My Love Open The Door" which was released a year prior.
Music video.
A music video for the song was produced in black and white featuring the band and keyboardist John Bundrick playing onstage. It was the fourth video played upon MTV's launch on 1 August 1981. The video was also the 54th video to be aired on MTV, making it the first video to be shown on MTV more than once.

</doc>
<doc id="2916054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916054" title="Moichi Station">
Moichi Station

Lines.
Moichi Station is served by the Yamada Line, and is located 87.0 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Morioka Station. It was also a terminal station for the Iwaizumi Line, until operations on that line were suspended on 31 July 2010.
Station layout.
Moichi Station has a one island platform and one side platform connected to the station building by an overhead crossing. The station is attended.
History.
Moichi Station opened on 6 November 1934. The Iwaizumi Line began operations from 25 June 1942. The station was closed from 26 November 1946 to 5 March 1949. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987. Operations on the Iwaizumi Line were suspended on 31 July 2010, and this line has been officially abolished on 1 April 2014. It is now replaced by a bus operation .
Surrounding area.
Moichi Station is a small station deep in the mountains, but a station employee is posted daylong.

</doc>
<doc id="2916067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916067" title="Whitchurch railway station, Cardiff">
Whitchurch railway station, Cardiff

Whitchurch railway station is a railway station serving Whitchurch, Cardiff, Wales. It is located on the Coryton Line north of Cardiff Central and is situated beneath the A470 road.
Passenger services are provided by Arriva Trains Wales as part of the Valley Lines network.
It was opened by the Cardiff Railway in 1911.
Until the 1960s Whitchurch station had 2 platforms (up and down lines) plus a goods platform, a goods shed and yard, booking office, footbridge, and a staff of at least 2 including George the porter. There was also a signal box at the eastern end of the platform 
Monday to Saturday daytimes, there is a half-hourly service to southbound Cardiff Central and onwards to Radyr on the City Line and to Coryton northbound. Evenings there is an hourly service in each direction but there is no Sunday service.

</doc>
<doc id="2916101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916101" title="Judicial system of Japan">
Judicial system of Japan

In the judicial system of Japan, the postwar constitution guarantees that "all judges shall be independent in the exercise of their conscience and shall be bound only by this constitution and the Laws" (Article 76). They cannot be removed from the bench "unless judicially declared mentally or physically incompetent to perform official duties," and they cannot be disciplined by executive agencies (Article 78). A Supreme Court judge, however, may be removed by a majority of voters in a referendum that occurs at the first general election following the judge's appointment and every ten years thereafter. As of 2005, no judge has ever been voted out of office.
The judiciary was far more constrained under the Meiji Constitution than it is under the present constitution and had no authority over administrative or constitutional law cases. Moreover, the Ministry of Justice had complete and direct control over the courts' administrative affairs. Nonetheless, Professor John Haley argues that the courts maintained complete independence in the adjudication of particular cases. "Judicial independence from the political branches was emphatically established as a fundamental principle of governance in Article 57 of the 1889 Constitution. Of all branches of government only the courts exercised authority "in the name of the emperor." Haley argues that this was and remains a matter of great pride for Japanese judges and notes that "placed prominently in all courtrooms was the inscription 'in the name of the emperor' as a meaningful reminder to imperial officials and subjects alike that the emperor's judges were not subject to political control or direction."
Courts.
Japan's court system is divided into four basic tiers.
At the first of the four tiers of courts are the 438 summary courts (簡易裁判所 kani saibansho), staffed by 806 summary court judges. Summary court judges are not career judges. Qualification as a regular judge is not required. Instead, summary court judges are formally nominated for pro forma cabinet appointment by a special selection committee formally comprising all Supreme Court justices, the president (chōkan) of the Tokyo High Court, the deputy procurator general, representatives of the bar, and others "with special knowledge and experience. They mostly handle small claims civil cases (disputes not in excess of ¥1,400,000), as well as minor criminal offenses. They are only able to imprison defendants in a few special cases. Summary Courts are presided over by one judge. Civil cases in the Summary Court are appealed to the District Court, while criminal cases are appealed to the High Court.
At the second tier are the district courts (地方裁判所 chihō saibansho), the principal courts of first instance. There are 50 district courts with additional 203 branches. Except for minor cases, which account for 80 to 90 percent of all adjudicated cases, trials require a three-judge panel.These are the courts of general jurisdiction and the principal court of first instance. District Courts have original jurisdiction in felony cases and in civil cases where the disputed amount is over ¥1,400,000. They also handle bankruptcy hearings. Each District Court trial is presided over by at least one judge: two associate judges are also called in for appellate cases from Summary or Family Courts, or for criminal cases where the maximum penalty would be in excess of 1 year in prison. Attorneys sit on either side of the courtroom, facing the center. In a criminal case, the accused faces the judges from the rear of the courtroom. The witness box is in the center, also facing the judges.
There are eight High Courts (高等裁判所 "Kōtō-saiban-sho"). They (Sapporo, Sendai, Tokyo, Nagoya, Osaka, Hiroshima, Takamatsu, and Fukuoka) serve defined circuits of several prefectures each; there are also "branch offices" in Akita, Kanazawa, Okayama, Matsue, Miyazaki, and Naha. There also exists the Intellectual Property High Court (知的財産高等裁判所 "Chiteki-zaisan-kōtō-saiban-sho") in Tokyo, which is a special branch of Tokyo High Court. A High Court usually sits in the same manner as a three-judge District Court. Each court is led by a President, who is appointed by the Cabinet. An appeal to a High Court is called "kōso" (控訴). The high courts are appellate courts for either kōso appeals from district court judgments, criminal judgments from summary courts, or, in civil cases tried initially in summary courts, second (jōkoku) appeals limited to issues of law.
At the apex of the judicial hierarchy is the fifteen justice Supreme Court (Saikō saibansho 最高裁判所), located adjacent to the National Diet Building. The "Grand Bench" (大法廷 "Daihōtei") of the Supreme Court has associate justices, who are appointed by the Cabinet with the Emperor's approval even though constitutionally, the emperor cannot reject. The Grand Bench is subdivided into three "Petty Benches" (小法廷 "Shōhōtei") of five justices each, who hear incoming appeals and recommend them for an audience before the Grand Bench. An appeal to the Supreme Court is called "jōkoku" (上告), and requires either an error in the interpretation of the Constitution, or an error in the interpretation of case law from the Supreme Court or High Court.
In addition to these strata, there is also a Family Court (家庭裁判所 "Katei-saiban-sho") tied to each District Court, as well as in over 200 branch offices throughout the country. Family Courts primarily deal with juvenile delinquency cases and divorce, although they have a broad jurisdiction that encompasses all forms of domestic disputes, including correcting koseki registration data and partitioning estates. If a settlement cannot be reached between the parties, the case is transferred to the District Court.
Although juries have not been used in Japan since 1943, a new quasi-jury system was passed into law in May 2004 and was implemented in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="2916104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916104" title="Rhiwbina railway station">
Rhiwbina railway station

Rhiwbina railway station is a railway station serving Rhiwbina, Cardiff, Wales. It is located on the Coryton Line north of Cardiff Central.
Passenger services are provided by Arriva Trains Wales as part of the Valley Lines network.
It was opened by the Cardiff Railway in 1911.
Services.
Monday to Saturday daytimes, there is a half-hourly service to southbound Cardiff Central and onwards to Radyr on the City Line and to Coryton northbound. Evenings there is an hourly service in each direction but there is no Sunday service.

</doc>
<doc id="2916107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916107" title="Olivier Ramaré">
Olivier Ramaré

Olivier Ramaré is a French mathematician from CNRS who teaches at the Université des Sciences et Technologies de Lille.
In 1995, he sharpened earlier work on Schnirelmann's theorem by proving that every even number is a sum of at most six primes. This result may be compared with Goldbach's conjecture, which states that every even number except 2 is the sum of two primes. The truth of Ramaré's result for all sufficiently large even numbers is a consequence of Vinogradov's theorem, whereas the full result follows from Goldbach's weak conjecture.

</doc>
<doc id="2916113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916113" title="Emmanuel Mounier">
Emmanuel Mounier

Emmanuel Mounier (1 May 1905 Grenoble – 22 March 1950 Châtenay-Malabry) was a French philosopher.
Biography.
Mounier was the guiding spirit in the French Personalist movement, and founder and director of "Esprit", the magazine which was the organ of the movement. Mounier, who was the child of peasants, was a brilliant scholar at the Sorbonne. In 1929, when he was only twenty-four, he came under the influence of the French writer, Charles Péguy, to whom he ascribed the inspiration of the personalist movement. Mounier's personalism became a main influence of the non-conformists of the 1930s.
Peter Maurin used to say wherever he went, "There is a man in France called Emmanuel Mounier. He wrote a book called "The Personalist Manifesto". You should read that book."
He taught at the Lycée du Parc at Lyon and at the Lycee Francais Jean Monnet at Brussels.
Although Mounier was critical of the Moscow Trials of the 1930s, he has been taken to task by the historian Tony Judt, among others, for his failure to respond critically to the excesses of Stalinism in the postwar period.
Mounier once commented in a restrained manner, on the Pope's "silence" concerning the persecution of the Jews by the Nazi regime; thus, he is cited in the bibliography on Pope Pius XII as indirectly originating the "black legend" of Pius XII.

</doc>
<doc id="2916116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916116" title="Maatkare">
Maatkare

Maatkare is a name shared by several royal women from Ancient Egypt:

</doc>
<doc id="2916129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916129" title="Hawarden Bridge">
Hawarden Bridge

Hawarden Bridge () is a railway bridge over the River Dee, near Shotton, Flintshire, Wales. It was built by the Manchester, Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway (which later became the Great Central Railway), as part of the Chester & Connah's Quay Railway. It opened in 3 August 1889. 
The central section, which was designed as a swing bridge to allow shipping to pass, no longer opens and is welded shut, although the rotating mechanism - hydraulic cylinders attached to a drive chain and sprocket - is still visible beneath the bridge. 
The bridge is part of the Borderlands Line from Wrexham to Bidston. 
Hawarden Bridge railway station is on the north side of the bridge, while Shotton station is on the south side.
National Cycle Route 5 crosses the River Dee on the path, adjacent to the railway line, which is on the bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="2916139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916139" title="Birchgrove railway station">
Birchgrove railway station

Birchgrove railway station is a railway station serving Birchgrove, Cardiff, Wales. It is located on the Coryton Line north of Cardiff Central, with the station situated beneath the A469.
Passenger services are provided by Arriva Trains Wales as part of the Valley Lines network.
It was opened by the Great Western Railway in 1929.
Services.
Monday to Saturday daytimes there is a half-hourly service to Cardiff Central southbound and to Coryton northbound. With an hourly evening service in each direction and no Sunday service.

</doc>
<doc id="2916142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916142" title="Ravn Alaska">
Ravn Alaska

Ravn Alaska (formerly Era Alaska) is an airline brand headquartered in Anchorage, Alaska, United States. It operates a network of services from Anchorage as part of an Alaska Airlines Partnership. Its primary hub is Anchorage Airport.
History.
Era Alaska was formed when three airlines, Frontier Flying Service, Era Aviation, and Hageland Aviation began operating under the same brand name. The three airlines now serve as the largest air carrier in the state of Alaska by connecting more cities and passengers, utilizing the largest airplane fleet in Alaska. The airline group also acquired Arctic Circle Air Service, a local cargo airline, in 2010. 
The airline's history in providing safe air service has earned it the Medallion Shield by the Medallion Foundation.
In 2014, the partnership was re-branded as Ravn Alaska, with the brand
Ravn Alaska operated by Era Aviation and the brand Ravn Connect operated by Hageland Aviation (scheduled passenger flights) and Frontier Flying Service (cargo and on-demand charters).
Media.
Era Alaska was featured on Discovery Channel's series, "Flying Wild Alaska".
Fleet.
The Ravn Alaska fleet includes the following aircraft (as of December 2013):
Former.
De Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter Series 300
Destinations.
Ravn Alaska operates scheduled passenger service to the following destinations in Alaska ():

</doc>
<doc id="2916148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916148" title="The Hippopotamus">
The Hippopotamus

The Hippopotamus is a novel by Stephen Fry, first published in 1994. It is written, in part, as an epistolary novel.
Plot summary.
The "hippo" of the title (occasionally referred to as "the happy hippo" and given to wallowing in long baths) is Edward (Ted/Tedward) Lennox Wallace, an aging, lecherous, one-time hell-raising poet, reduced by diminishing poetic talent to working as a theatre critic. The story opens with the aftermath of Ted being fired from his job on a newspaper. 
At the suggestion of a sick goddaughter, Jane (suffering from leukaemia), he goes to stay at the Norfolk country house of old schoolfriend and Army colleague from National Service, Lord Michael Logan and his wife Lady Anne, to investigate unspecified mysterious goings-on.
Ted reports back to Jane regularly, in the form of long, rambling letters, apprising her of events at Swafford Hall whilst also offering his views on numerous other issues (women, art, poetry, sex, morality and modern life being favorite topics), all the time attempting to uncover the nature of the unusual events that Jane has instructed him to look out for.
Over the course of his stay it gradually becomes apparent that other house guests are ascribing healing powers to one of Logan's children, David (Ted's other godchild), and indeed it is in the hope that he might bestow his 'talent' upon them that they have descended upon Swafford Hall. Amongst the assembled guests are a witty and hugely camp, but rebarbative defrocked minister and TV producer, a businessman and his wife and rather gawky teenage daughter, a friend of Jane's, and Jane's mother, a woman Ted has crossed paths with disastrously many years earlier.
The life stories of the tycoon Logan and his family, as well as Ted's own, are intertwined to provide a colourful and credible back story. The story is run through with a stream of sexual practices, some more unusual than others, as Ted uncovers the means by which David delivers his 'healing'.
The story contains several (spoof) poems and limericks.

</doc>
<doc id="2916151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916151" title="Shammuramat">
Shammuramat

Shammuramat or Sammu-ramat was a Queen of Assyria between 811 and 808 BCE or from 809 to 792 BCE.
Family.
Shammuramat was a wife of King Shamshi-Adad V and after he died, she reigned for three years on the throne of Assyria. Other chronologies suggest that her regency lasted from 809 to 792 BCE.
Her son was King Adad-nirari III and her grandson was King Shalmaneser IV.
Monuments.
Shammuramat's stela (memorial stone) has been found at Assur, while an inscription at Nimrud indicates that she was dominant there after the death of her husband and before the rule of her son.
Semiramis.
The legendary Semiramis is usually considered a purely mythical figure, however, there is evidence in Assyrian records suggesting that she may, in fact, be a Greek reflection of Shammuramat. This identification is disputed. Another possibility is that she is given that title after death to reflect similarities with an earlier Sumerian deity.
Legend describes Seriramis as being of divine origin, a specialist in Botany, an alchemist with a deep knowledge of the kinds of plants.
References.
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Footnotes for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags, and the template below. CONTENEU, George. A civilização de Assur e Babilônia. Rio de Janeiro: Otto Pierre, 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="2916155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916155" title="Komnina">
Komnina

Komnina may refer to the following places in Greece:

</doc>
<doc id="2916158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916158" title="Volisios">
Volisios

Volisios was a local ruler or king based in the English East Midlands, around the time of the Roman conquest of Britain. He is traditionally thought to have been a ruler of the Corieltavi, who inhabited this region in the Roman period and perhaps before. 
He is known only through inscriptions on coins. His name appears on three series of coins, minted c. AD 30-60, paired with three other names, which are thought to be allies or subordinate rulers, Dumnovellaunus, Dumnocoveros and Cartivellaunos. A large number of his coins were found in two hoards found at Lightcliffe and Honley in Yorkshire.

</doc>
<doc id="2916168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916168" title="Dumnocoveros">
Dumnocoveros

Dumnocoveros was a local ruler or king based in the English East Midlands, around the time of the Roman conquest of Britain. He is traditionally thought to have been a ruler of the Corieltavi, who inhabited this region in the Roman period and perhaps before.
He is only known from coin inscriptions, which suggest that he was a co-ruler or subordinate of Volisios.

</doc>
<doc id="2916176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916176" title="Arthur Clarence Pillsbury">
Arthur Clarence Pillsbury

Arthur Clarence Pillsbury (1870–1946) was a United States photographer, best known for landscapes of Yosemite National Park, photos of the 1906 San Francisco earthquake, and time lapse photography of flowers.
The son of physicians, Pillsbury was born in Medford, Massachusetts His family relocated to Auburn, California in 1883, and he became a student at Stanford University. In 1895, he rode to Yosemite by bicycle.
Pillsbury's career spilled over into nearly every kind of application for photography. His career began in 1895 when as a student he documented in one hour with 60 different images the first fraternity rush at Stanford University. Pillsbury studied Mechanical Engineering at Stanford University and is credited with the invention of a specimen slicer (for microscopy) and a circuit panorama camera before leaving college. Two years later he invented the first circuit panorama camera and soon after took it to the Yukon to capture the opening of the mining fields and towns. By 1900 he had photographed many of the notable features of the Western United States.
1906 San Francisco earthquake and fire.
He used both the panorama and conventional cameras to capture the panorama images that went around the world in the immediate aftermath of the 1906 San Francisco earthquake and fire. He had worked for the "San Francisco Examiner" as a photojournalist from 1903 to March 1906, but left to establish the Pillbury Picture Company, based in Oakland, just a month before the earthquake.
Pillsbury later recalled that he still had his Examiner press pass when the earthquake hit the following month, and he knew many of the policemen, so was able to gain access to good locations to photograph panoramas of the burning city. He took many 5 X 7 Graflex images, developed them at his new home based business in Oakland, and sent them to many major newspapers around the world.
In the aftermath of the earthquake, he returned to a career as a landscape photographer when he purchased a studio in Yosemite Valley. During this period he also produced art photographs and started using motion picture cameras, producing the first nature films which he showed in Yosemite at his Studio of the Three Arrows. Here is also invented the first lapse-time motion picture camera for the specific purpose of saving the wild flowers of Yosemite that were then threatened with extinction from excessive mowing.
His candid photos captured the sense of wonder experienced by people in Yosemite as they saw its natural wonders. His inventions in later life included the microscopic motion picture camera, the X-Ray Motion picture camera and the underwater motion picture camera. His work was done without filters because his background as a photojournalist and his life philosophy had led him to the conviction that his job was to produce images and let the viewer bring to that experience the interpretation.
Yosemite.
He arrived in Yosemite for the first time by bicycle in 1895 while still a student in mechanical engineering at Stanford University. He had been drawn there by stories from an old friend of his mother's Susan B. Anthony, who was then making a tour through California speaking on the issue of women's suffrage. The young man fell in love with Yosemite and in 1897 bought a studio there. But his young wife refused to spend summers in the wilderness and left him. Despondent, he took his newly finished senior project, the first circuit panorama camera, and went to the Yukon where he photographed the opening of the mining towns and fields.
Pillsbury often visited Yosemite after returning to the lower 48 in 1899. There he photographed John Muir for "Camera Craft Magazine" in 1901, Galen Clark, George Fiske, and Teddy Roosevelt. These and other photos were later published as postcards by the Pillsbury Picture Company. Pillsbury had begun producing post cards with his photos as soon as this innovative form of communication was authorized by the United States Congress in 1898.
In the aftermath of the 1906 San Francisco earthquake and fire, and the income from his photos, Pillsbury, who had just quit his job with the "San Francisco Examiner" to found the Pillsbury Picture Company, was able to fulfill his long-time ambition to buy a studio in Yosemite and purchased the Studio of the Three Arrows later that same year. His background in biology and botany, encouraged by his parents who were both medical doctors, made him aware of the steady reduction in the number and types of wild flowers that blossomed in the meadows there. So in 1912 he built the first lapse-time camera, made the first nature movie showing the dance of a flower raising its face to the sun and managed to persuade the National Park Service to stop the practice of mowing the meadows to produce fodder for their horses.
His specimen cards of flowers, hand tinted at the studio, were as often framed as used in the meadows to identify the many types of plants blooming there. His work in Yosemite included both the classical production photos of such artists as Adams, d'orotones that had the depth and clarity of holograms, and his own unique work with flowers and also his candids of the people of Yosemite. That, with his inventions which later included the first microscopic motion picture camera, "Sunset Magazine, May 1927", the X-Ray motion picture camera and the first underwater motion picture camera, "Picturing Miracles of Plant and Animal Life and Popular Science, January 1929", were used on his extensive lecture tours to all the major forums and universities in the United States, England and the South Seas. His many nature films, eventually shown in theaters as well as in schools, clubs and for his lecture tours awakened the public to the need for conservation in the wake of Muir's death in 1914.
Pillsbury gave advice to photographers for shooting pictures at Yosemite National Park in a 1921 handbook.
Legacy.
Four of Pillsbury's orotone photographs of Yosemite waterfalls were part of an exhibition on the art of Yosemite which appeared at the Autry National Center, the Oakland Museum of California, the Nevada Museum of Art and the Eiteljorg Museum of American Indians and Western Art from 2006 to 2008.
His granddaughter Melinda Pillsbury-Foster, has written a biography of Pillsbury.

</doc>
<doc id="2916179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916179" title="Masque (comics)">
Masque (comics)

Masque is a fictional character in the Marvel Comics universe. Masque was originally a prominent member of the sewer-dwelling community of mutant outcasts called the Morlocks, led by Callisto.
Publication history.
Masque first appeared in "Uncanny X-Men" #169-170 (May–June 1983), and was created by Chris Claremont and Paul Smith.
Masque appeared as part of the "Morlocks" entry in the "Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe Deluxe Edition" #9, and the "All-New Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe A-Z" #7 (2006).
Fictional character biography.
Little is known about Masque's life, except that he was born with severe facial deformities, which led to him living the life as an outcast. This was furthered when Masque discovered that he was a mutant born with the ability to alter people's faces and bodies, reshaping them to whatever he wants. Masque's own body is immune to his powers. This cruel irony embittered Masque against the world and those whose beauty Masque envied and loathed. At some point, Masque was recruited by fellow mutant Callisto, who was seeking to create a new community for homeless and deformed mutants such as Masque and her allies (Caliban, Sunder, and Plague). Masque's job was to use his powers to make ordinary-looking recruits to the Morlock community look ugly in order to conform to Callisto's notions of the Morlocks being an all-outcast community. The sadistic joy Masque took in using his powers and the fact that he often would turn his victims into outright deformed monsters, created tension between him and Callisto, who would often be forced to make Masque undo his work and restore his victims to normal.
Masque first appeared in the Morlock tunnels after Callisto kidnapped the X-Men Angel to be her unwilling groom. Masque later joins in on Callisto's kidnapping of Shadowcat, to force her to go through with her promise to marry Caliban in exchange for his assistance in freeing Angel from Callisto. As part of their plot, Masque uses his power to turn the corpse of a teenager into a perfect copy of Kitty. However, the body is exposed as a fraud by Wolverine's enhanced sense of smell (a factor Masque and Callisto had not taken into account due to Wolverine being absent when the X-Men first met the Morlocks). Masque uses his powers without Callisto's permission, to rapidly age the faces of the members of Power Pack as part of a plot to kidnap them for a fellow Morlock, whose own children had recently been killed. 
Masque joins a quartet of mutants known as "The Tunnellers", who ultimately are taken in by X-Factor in the aftermath of the Marauders slaughtering the Morlock community. They leave X-Factor's headquarters, but cause chaos in the city of New York as Masque mutilates the faces of several gang members who kill one of the Tunnellers. When a police officer shoots Masque, the villain is forced to return to the heroes for medical treatment. 
With Callisto presumed dead, Masque begins work on consolidating power among the Morlocks living under X-Factor's roof. He also targets Skids (a Morlock whose force field power protected her from Masque's power) and her lover Rusty Collins. Rusty submits to Masque's savage touch in exchange for Masque using his powers to restore the face of a prostitute that Rusty accidentally disfigured, when his fire-based power first manifested. However, the prostitute orders Masque to undo what he has done to her and Rusty, having found religion and horrified that Rusty would sacrifice his own face to restore hers. Masque consented to her request, but took comfort that he had won the greater game. Despite Caliban's desperate pleas, the Morlocks that X-Factor had taken in were ready to return to the tunnels and had elected Masque their new leader.
Now in control of the Morlocks, Masque uses his powers to irreversibly disfigure just about all of the Morlocks, warping them into inhuman shapes and form, as well as fundamentally warping countless Morlocks into the bodies of strangers. One of these is Bliss, who goes from being turned into a duplicate of Jean Grey to being turned into a duplicate of Storm. Masque soon learns that Callisto is alive and well when Callisto turns up at the recently destroyed X-Men mansion, having been given the task of locking up the underground portion. Capturing Callisto, he demands she give up the codes for the underground portion of the mansion. When she refuses, Masque transforms the one-eyed tomboy Callisto into a beauty queen-type pin-up model and forces her to become a professional model in order to earn money for the Morlock community. Callisto appears on several billboards in New York City, attracting the attention of the amnesiac Colossus (after having traveled through the Siege Perilous). He falls in love with her, though Callisto is hesitant to reveal to him his true identity, as she seeks to shield him from Masque.
Keeping an eye on the X-Men mansion, Masque has Bliss kidnap Jean Grey and later Banshee, using his powers on both to disfigure them: Jean Grey gets tentacle arms while Banshee's mouth has been erased from his face. He also kidnaps Callisto and Colossus, whose body is warped to become a replica of his armored form. The mutant Forge rescues the four and while Callisto is able to force Masque to restore Colossus's humanity, the villain refuses to restore Jean Grey or Banshee. Luckily, Forge creates a device that resets Jean and Banshee's bodies to their original forms after they leave the Morlock tunnel. Masque would fight Jean Grey again, when X-Factor and Ghost Rider Danny Ketch came to the aid of a young Morlock named Angel, who alerted them of Masque's desire to warp the bodies of the children of the Morlock community. He also encountered Caliban again, now a giant muscular mutant thanks to a deal he made with Apocalypse and fought Cable and the New Mutants.
By this point, Masque is now training the Morlocks to become his own personal army and starts talking about staging raids against the people on the surface. The war talk frightens the Morlock known as Feral, who flees the tunnels and seeks sanctuary with the New Mutants. Cable accepts her onto his team and when Masque comes calling to collect her, Cable kills Masque's bodyguard and given the warning that if he attacks Cable and his friends again, Cable will kill Masque.
Feeling humiliated by Cable, Masque and Feral's sister Thorn enter into an alliance with Toad's Brotherhood of Evil Mutants and launch an attack against Cable and the New Mutants (now called X-Force). The battle does not go well for Masque, as Shatterstar kills him with one of his swords. Prior to his death, Cable vows to decapitate Masque and carry his head on a pike into the Morlock tunnels as a warning to his people. Instead, Cable opts to take Masque's bloody robe and mark into the tunnels with it as a proclamation that Masque was dead.
Masque would be presumed dead for quite some time, until the events of XTreme X-Men #36-39. It is not said how Masque survived or faked his death, but both Storm and Callisto (whom Masque has enslaved by use of his powers and physical abuse) are not shocked to see him alive, nor are they shocked that he now possessed a new non-disfigured female form. Masque had gotten involved in the underground mutant gladiator circuit and had once again ensnarled Callisto, this time both enslaving her and giving her tentacle arms ala Jean Grey. After Callisto beat Storm, Storm became Masque's slave though Storm and Callisto began plotting their rebellion against Masque. Ultimately, the two defeated the villain and Masque was last scene having his new female face mutilated by Callisto in retaliation for what was done to her by Masque.
Masque reappears, leading a band of Morlocks (including Erg, Litterbug, Skids, and Bliss) in search of Magneto, hoping to inform him of a prophecy that says mutants may yet come to rule the world. However, their interpretation of the prophecy is contradicted by the now powerless prophetess who wrote the book they seek to give Magneto. As Caliban is protecting the woman's location, Masque orders Caliban attack and the mutant Leach kidnapped so that his powers can be used against those who would oppose him. Masque uses his powers to undo the genetic modification done to Caliban's physique by Apocalypse.
Masque orders his group to set off a bomb in a packed subway train, allowing Masque to come on board and use his powers to disfigure the humans on the train. Masque also makes a video of why they did it in hopes Magneto will see it and seek Masque out. During the following fight, Masque's ability to warp his body is revealed, as he briefly tricks the X-Men into thinking he is Leach before ultimately being defeated. Finally, Professor X is made to use his psychic power on Masque to force him to restore the faces of those who he disfigured.
Powers and abilities.
Masque possesses the ability to change the physical appearance of any other person by touch, manipulating it like clay through physical contact. When the Morlocks formed, Masque's job was to use his powers on those Morlocks who were not "ugly enough" to be considered a true outcast by Callisto. Originally, it was stated that Masque (who was born disfigured as far as missing an eye and having facial disfigurement where his eye should be) could not use his powers on himself.
During the "Storm: The Arena" storyline, Masque was shown however with a new female body. The explanation for this would not be given on page during the storyline, but would be addressed during the Extremists storyline. When the X-Men rescued Caliban, whose genetic alterations were undone by Masque, Xavier mentions the fact that Masque had undergone a "secondary mutation"; which is why he can now alter his own physical form, as well as undo the genetic manipulation done to Caliban by Apocalypse, effectively stripping Caliban of the super-human strength and invulnerability given to him by Apocalypse. Masque's ability to warp his own face was ultimately shown later in the storyline, when he warps himself into the form of Leech, in order to get the drop on the members of the X-Men.
Other versions.
Masque appears in "What If?" #46 (February 1993) - 'What If... Cable Had Destroyed The X-Men?', where the members of Freedom Force are shown forcing the Morlocks to retreat back underground.
A different version in the "X-Men Forever" series assists the X-Men in diffusing a potential war between Genosha and Wakanda.

</doc>
<doc id="2916187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916187" title="Crambo">
Crambo

Crambo is a rhyming game which, according to Joseph Strutt, was played as early as the fourteenth century under the name of the ABC of Aristotle. It is also known as Capping the rhyme. The name may also be used to describe a doggerel poem which exhausts the possible rhymes with a particular word.
In the days of the Stuarts it was very popular, and is frequently mentioned in the writings of the time. Thus in William Congreve's play of 1695 "Love for Love", i. 1, contains the passage, ""Get the Maids to Crambo in an Evening, and learn the knack of Rhyming.""
Etymology.
The name comes from the Latin "crambe" and Greek "krambē", meaning cabbage (as in "crambe repetita", literally meaning "re-stewed cabbage"). Hence the players started with a rhyme and then "re-stewed" it.
Play.
In the early versions of the game up to the eighteenth century, teams would vie with each other to find and express a rhyme for a word or line presented by the opposing player or team. Someone would offer the first rhyme often poking fun at a dignitary, the subsequent lines or couplets would then have to rhyme with this. The verse would be sung to a popular tune of the day and the game collapsed when a player was unable to use his wit to come up with a suitable rhyming word. 
Crambo in the nineteenth century became a word game in which one player would think of a word and tell the others what it rhymes with. The others do not name the actual word they guess, but describe its meaning. Thus one might say, "I know a word that rhymes with bird." A second asks, "Is it ridiculous?" "No, it is not absurd." "Is it a part of speech?" "No, it is not a word." This proceeds until the right word is guessed.
In Dumb Crambo the guessers, instead of trying to name the rhyme being given them as a clue, express its meaning by acting the word without speaking in the manner of charades.
Notable players.
One of Crambo's more famous devotees, Robert Burns (1759–1796), wrote: ""Amaist as soon as I could spell, / I to the crambo-jingle fell."" 
James Boswell (1740–1795) was famous for his skill at the game. One Crambo poem from Boswell is rhymed around "the Laird of Craigubble," a fellow Crambo player. One of the stanzas goes: ""To render you bright with choice liquor at night / Take Punch made of rum that is double / And I give you this charge be your Bowl full & large / To content the good Laird of Craigubble."" 
Each stanza in the poem rhymes aabccb, and every stanza ends with "the Laird of Craigubble."
Karl Marx (1818–1883) was a frequent Dumb Crambo player with his wife and daughters in their North London home.

</doc>
<doc id="2916191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916191" title="Marie Carandini">
Marie Carandini

Marie Carandini, ("née" Burgess; 1 February 182613 April 1894) was an English opera singer.
Early life.
Carandini was born in Brixton, London, the daughter of James and Martha (Medwin) Burgess and was brought by her parents to Van Diemen's Land (now Tasmania) in 1833. At the age of 17, she married an Italian, Jerome (originally Girolamo) Carandini, the 10th Marquis of Sarzano (1803–1870), who was a political refugee.
Career.
The Carandinis came to Sydney around 1845 and studied under Isaac Nathan, Sara Flower and Lewis Henry Lavenu.
Marie soon established a reputation as a concert singer and operatic prima donna, both in Sydney and Melbourne, and was a popular favourite in many other centres in Australia. She has the distinction of having been Australia's first Adalgisa in Bellini's opera "Norma" (1852, Sydney, Royal Victoria Theatre) beside the Norma of Sara Flower. Her husband, having received a pardon from the Italian government, went to Italy in 1870, but died at Modena of gastric fever and inflammation of the lungs soon after his arrival. Madame Carandini continued to sing in concerts for some years in Australia and New Zealand, with visits to the United States and India. In November 1858 Carandini sang Leonora in Verdi's "Il trovatore" in a twenty-seven performance season at the Princess Theatre, Melbourne.
Late life and legacy.
Carandini's last Australian appearance was in farewell concert on 3 February 1892 at the Melbourne Town Hall; she sang "Jessie the flower of Dumblane" with a strong voice for her age. Soon afterwards she left for England. In her late life, Carandini lived at Richmond Hill, near Bath, with her daughter; she died there on 13 April 1894, aged 68.
Family.
Carandini had eight children, of whom five daughters were musical and took part in her tours. Her eldest daughter Rosina Palmer was a notable soprano in Australia.
Her great-grandson (by her son Major Frank James Carandini, 11th Marquess of Sarzano) is actor Sir Christopher Lee.
Tribute.
A street in the Canberra suburb of Melba is named in her honour.

</doc>
<doc id="2916194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916194" title="Robert Armstrong">
Robert Armstrong

Robert Armstrong may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2916196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916196" title="Shigin">
Shigin

Shigin () is a performance of reciting a Japanese poem or a Chinese poem read in Japanese, each poem ( = "shi") usually chanted ( = "gin") by an individual or in a group. Reciting can be done loudly before a large audience, softly to a few friends, or quietly to the reciter himself or herself.
Each reciting is also termed "gin". Any forms of the Japanese and Chinese poetry are used for reciting.
Kanshi and classical Chinese poems are usually composed of four or more lines of Chinese characters, or kanji (漢字), each line having the same number of characters. "Gin" with four phrases, each seven characters long (the most common), are classified as . There is strictly only one standard melody, although many poems will be distinguished by minor variations from this theme.
Performance.
Members of a Shigin group will usually gather to train in a washitsu, or Japanese-style room with tatami matting. Participants kneel in the lotus or seiza position, thought to be the optimum posture to allow strong and steady projection during chanting. They are encouraged to focus their energy in their gut (thought in Zen to be the locus of power) and sing by slowly expelling this energy. Conversely, singing from the chest, as would be encouraged in classical Western operatic style, is deemed unauthentic.
During practice, members may refer to the written "gin" to aid memory. This is usually annotated, with marks to the right of each character denoting how the tone should vary through the length of its vocalisation.
Breathing intervals are indicated by right-angular strokes to the left of the character (a typical "gin" will last approximately one and a half minutes, in four breaths). Finally, because Japanese and Chinese word orders differ, further (sino) numerical marks to the left of some characters indicate their correct sequence.
"Gin" are formally performed standing, and from memory. Because of this, recital of longer "gin" is sometimes seen as more accomplished (being harder to remember, and more likely to vary from the standard melodic form). The vocal may be accompanied by traditional Japanese instruments such as the Koto or Shakuhachi. Dress may be Western (suit) or traditional (kimono or yukata).
"Gin" are also used in the performance of certain Japanese dances, such as kenshibu. In such cases, "gin" may either be performed live or played from recordings.
History.
Shigin are thought to have originated in China early in the first millennium AD, and may have entered Japan amongst other texts brought back from China in the 5th century. They were most likely sung originally in Chinese, but were later given Japanese readings, which are used in their contemporary recital. New gin were written, often detailing particular Japanese concepts or events, but the standard written layout has remained.
Shigin are thus significantly older than other, more popular Japanese poetry forms, such as Haiku. Their practice is now a minority art, mostly confined to the elderly and little known amongst younger generations. Nevertheless, several Shigin festivals are held throughout the year, including the Autumn Shigin Festivasl (秋吟会) in Shiogama and Shinjo, in the North-East (Tōhoku) region of Japan. "Gin" are also sung at Buddhist ceremonies and quasi-religious gatherings in Japan.
Moreover, although largely in anonymity, Shigin continue to have a significant influence on Japanese culture. Individual poems are often studied in Japanese textbooks, and are regularly displayed at exhibitions of Japanese calligraphy.
Examples.
The example below is a tanka about Mount Iwate by Japanese poet Takuboku Ishikawa (1886 – 1912, :ja:石川啄木#代表歌), with Japanese pronunciation shown in parentheses
The second example is a Kanshi poem by Japanese educator Tanso Hirose (1782 – 1856, :ja:広瀬淡窓#史跡), who encouraged his students to live together as well as study together at his institution in Kyushu:
The third example below illustrates a typical "gin" from Chinese poet Zhang Ji (8th century), written in the original Chinese, and in Japanese (as written and pronounced in parentheses):
"(NB: Subject terms have been added to give a sense to the poem, but no such terms exist in the original Chinese.)"

</doc>
<doc id="2916198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916198" title="Billy Hill (songwriter)">
Billy Hill (songwriter)

Billy Hill (July 14, 1899 – December 24, 1940) was an American songwriter, violinist, and pianist who found fame writing Western songs such as "They Cut Down the Old Pine Tree", "The Last Roundup", "Wagon Wheels", and "Empty Saddles". Hill's most popular song was "The Glory of Love", recorded by Benny Goodman in 1936, Count Basie in 1937, Peggy Lee in 1959, Dean Martin in 1966, Tom Rush in 1968, Eddy Arnold in 1969, Wizz Jones in 1970, Otis Redding, The Five Keys, Paul McCartney in 2012 and Bette Midler for the film "Beaches".
Early years.
William Joseph Hill was born on July 14, 1899 in the Jamaica Plain neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts. He studied the violin at the New England Conservatory of Music under Karl Muck, and played with the Boston Symphony Orchestra. Hill left home at the age of seventeen and headed west, where he worked as a cowboy in Montana, and as a surveyor and prospector in Death Valley, California. He returned to music and played violin and piano in dance halls until forming his own jazz band in Salt Lake City, Utah.
Songwriting career.
In 1930, Hill moved to New York City seeking success as a songwriter while working another series of odd jobs. In 1933, he wrote his first hit song, "The Last Roundup", which was introduced by Joe Morrison at the Paramount Theater and eventually made the 1933 Hit Parade. The song's success made Billy Hill one of the most successful songwriters on Tin Pan Alley.
Hill collaborated with many songwriters, including Peter De Rose, Dedette Hill (his wife), Victor Young, William Raskin, Edward Eliscu, and J. Keirn Brennan, producing standards such as "They Cut Down the Old Pine Tree", "Have you ever Been Lonely", "Wagon Wheels", "Empty Saddles", "In the Chapel in the Moonlight", "The Call of the Canyon", "On a Little Street in Singapore", "The Old Man of the Mountain", "The Old Spinning Wheel", "Lights Out", "There's a Cabin in the Pines", "Put on an Old Pair of Shoes", "Lights Out", and "The Glory of Love".
Under the name of George "Funky" Brown, he co-wrote the song "Have You Ever Been Lonely?" and "That's When Your Heartaches Begin", which later became hit songs for the Ink Spots and Elvis Presley.
Billy Hill died on Christmas Eve, December 24, 1940 in Boston, at the age of 41.

</doc>
<doc id="2916199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916199" title="Snedding">
Snedding

Snedding is the process of stripping the side shoots and buds from the length of a branch or shoot, usually of a tree or woody shrub. This process is most commonly performed during hedge laying and prior to the felling of trees on plantations ready for cropping.
The verb, "to sned", analogous to today's limbing, was also used by woodcutters in Scotland to refer to the process of removing branches from felled trees. Whether using an axe, a chainsaw or a billhook, the relative difficulty of snedding was a key measure of the difficulty of the job as a whole.
The word comes from the Scandinavian "snäddare", meaning a smooth log via the Old English "snaedan".
Snedding can also describe a form of pruning when only some shoots will be removed, or when removing the leafy top from root crops (particularly turnips).
It is also a common typo for people intending to write "send."

</doc>
<doc id="2916200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916200" title="Tsai Chin (actress)">
Tsai Chin (actress)

Tsai Chin, also known by her Chinese name Zhou Caiqin, is an actress, director, teacher and author, best known in America for her role as Auntie Lindo in the film "The Joy Luck Club". 
The third daughter of the legendary Peking opera actor and singer Zhou Xinfang, Tsai Chin was the first Chinese student trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London, and later earned a Masters Degree at Tufts University in Boston, Massachusetts. Her career spans more than five decades and three continents. She starred onstage in London's West End in "The World of Susie Wong", and on Broadway in "Golden Child". Chin appeared in two James Bond films: as a Bond girl in "You Only Live Twice"; and "Casino Royale". Her single, "The Ding Dong Song," recorded for Decca, hit the top of the music charts in Asia. She was the first acting instructor to be invited to teach acting in China after the Cultural Revolution, when China's universities re-opened. In China she is best known for her portrayal of Grandmother Jia in the 2010 TV drama series "The Dream of Red Mansions".
Personal life.
Chin was born on November 30, 1936, in Tianjin, China, where her father was on tour. She grew up in Shanghai's French Concession, where (under her western name, "Irene Chow") she received a multi-lingual education at The Convent of the Sacred Heart, Mctyeire High School (中西女中) in Shanghai, and King George V School in Hong Kong. During her childhood, Chin was witness to colonial occupation, Japanese invasion of China, Chinese Civil War, and the Communist take-over in 1949. At age 17, she left Shanghai and was sent to England to study at The Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, where she later became an Associate Member.
Career.
Early years.
Tsai Chin's first significant film role came when she was cast in the film "The Inn of Sixth Happiness" (1958), in which she played the adopted daughter of Ingrid Bergman's character.Her big break, though, arrived when two Broadway shows came to London at the same time. Initially, Chin was cast as one of the two leads in the musical "Flower Drum Song". However, she also auditioned for the play "The World of Susie Wong" for which she was offered the title role. The Daily Mail quoted Chin as saying, "I had a terrible decision to make." She opted to star as Susie Wong at The Prince of Wales Theatre, London (1959-1961), where she saw her name in lights for the first time. The play, generally panned by the critics, was a commercial hit. Chin drew good reviews, with Milton Shulman of the Evening Standard saying, "Tsai Chin is a lovely creature with all the vivacity, simplicity and gusts of unpredictable Eastern temperament." Harold Hobson of the Sunday Times said, "Tsai Chin who has cool clear beauty andconsiderable talent."
To compensate Chin for not being able to do the musical "Flower Drum Song", producer, Donald Albery granted her request to sing a song in "The World of Susie Wong". She chose a lyrical Chinese song, "Second Spring" (第二春), which was translated into English as "The Ding Dong Song," by Lionel Bart. Chin recorded the song in 1960 for Decca Records in London. The single, arranged and conducted by music director Harry Robinson, became a hit, particularly in Asia. 
Chin followed this success by recording several more singles and two LPs, later incorporating many of these songs, written specifically for her, into a cabaret act which she performed from 1961 to 1966. As well as touring her cabaret show throughout the United Kingdom, Chin also performed in London's most exclusive venues, including The Dorchester, The Savoy, The Society, and frequently Quaglino's and Allegro, sharing a bill with David Frost, then at the start of his illustrious career. Her cabaret act was also aired on television in Switzerland and Holland. Variety called her a "Savvy entertainer, with most of her material tailor-made for her personality." London's "Evening News" was "impressed…by the way she held her audience, wasn't a murmur not even the clatter of one piece of cutlery." 
1960s.
The 1960s saw some busy years for Chin. Apart from her singing, she played Juicy Lucy in "The Virgin Soldiers" alongside Lynne Redgrave (1969), directed by the notoriously difficult but brilliant John Dexter; helped to assassinate Sean Connery in "You Only Live Twice" (1967); worked for Michelangelo Antonioni on "Blowup" (1966) and for Fred Zinnemann in "Man's Fate "(1969), when MGM studio unfortunately collapsed before the film barely started. From 1965 to 1969, she made five films opposite Christoper Lee as the Lin Tang, daughter of Fu Manchu, a Chinese arch-villain intent on dominating the world. Chin accepted these roles, like other Asians in bygone days, not only to earn a living and to continue working, but more importantly to learn her craft. As soon as she was in the position to do so, she fought to make Asian roles more truthful.
Her stage work at this time included leading roles in "The Gimmick", with Donald Sutherland, at Criterion Theatre, West End (1962); "The Magnolia Tree", at Royal Lyceum, Edinburgh (1966); "Mrs. Frail in Love for Love", by William Congreve, in Watford (1970); and touring the United Kingdom in the title role of "The Two Mrs. Carrolls" (1969), with Paul Massie. 
In the golden age of British television, Chin made her television debut in the popular British hospital drama, "Emergency Ward 10", ITV, then "Dixon Of the Dock Green," BBC (1965), "The Man of The World" (1963), "International Detective" (1960) ITV, and "The Troubleshooters "(1967). In 1962, Chin traveled to New York City for the first time to guest star for a Christmas special "The Defenders". In 1964 she had a recurring role in "TW3", short for "That Was The Week That Was", a popular satirical comedy show which was at the time a totally new concept in television (long before Saturday Night Live), presented by David Frost and produced by the witty and the innovative Ned Sherrin. She also co-starred with Roy Kinnear and Lance Percival in "Five Foot Nine Show," and later starred in her own show, "On Your Own" for ITV (1965). Chin was invited to sing on a myriad of variety shows, talk shows and even game shows during this time. Her popularity was so high at that time that she even had a Chinese leopard in the London Zoo named after her.
Life was glamorous and light-hearted for Chin in the 1960s, but terrible events were unfolding in China. Young people across China calling themselves "The Red Guards" were mobilized by Chairman Mao Zedong (毛泽东), with the help of his wife, Madame Mao, Jiang Qing (江青) to make "perpetual revolution" in the attempt to wipe out all previous culture and start from scratch. The so-called Cultural Revolution erupted in 1966. China shut itself off from the rest of the world and artists were purged, which eventually claimed the lives of both Chin's parents.
1970s.
In 1972, Chin portrayed Wang Guangmei in "The Subject of Struggle", a docudrama directed by Leslie Woodhead, for Granada. Chin's performance as Wang, wife of Liu Shaoqi, Chairman Mao's chief rival, and the film about her trial by the Red Guards were unanimously praised. "It's all brilliantly done" "The Sunday Times;" Of Chin's performance: "Played superbly," Clive James of "The Observer"; "The most important program of the night…brilliantly, unforgettably played by Tsai Chin," Tom Hutchinson, "Evening Standard" TV guide; and by critic Elizabeth Crawly, "Evening Standard:" "Tsai Chin leaves "The World of Susie Wong" a long way behind with this brave, haggard performance." It was a role Chin could identify with, as her father was undergoing the same brutal treatment in China. Moreover, it was almost the first time Chin was asked to play a mature and intelligent person with depth and complexity, a far cry from her usual stereotypical roles. To quote her autobiography: "For the first time, the artist and the woman within me met at last."  This film would signified the end of the first phase of Tsai Chin's acting career. 
In the mid-1970s, Chin went to America and became a member of The Cambridge Ensemble, a multi-racial experimental group in what was then known as "the finest theater in Boston." Under the direction of Joann Green, Chin was given the opportunity to play strong women in western classics, such as Klytemnestra in "The Oresteia" (1977), with Tim McDonough as Agamemnon. Kevin Kelly of "The Boston Globe" said, "Tsai Chin is ice-wonderful." Jon Lehman of "The Patriot Ledger" said, "great performance, a portrayal which shows us why Clytemnestra is one of the great woman characters of all time." In 1977, Chin played Hester Prynne in "The Scarlet Letter", again with Tim McDonough as Rev. Arthur Dimmesdale. Ken Emerson of "The Boston Phoenix" said, "It takes a prodigiously gifted and subtle actress to follow Hawthorn's stage directions." Arthur Friedman in "The Real Paper" said, "Chin's portrayal is great because it reaches the heart without stooping to sentimental theatrics."
Chin began taking courses in Shakespearean studies at Harvard University, followed by her full-time enrolment at Tufts University, and earned a Master's Degree in Drama in 1980. She later received Tufts University Alumni Association for Distinguished Service to Profession in 1994. To supplement her scholarship, she taught acting and made her director's debut in Harold Pinter's "The Lover" (1979). Her Master's project was Ugo Betti's "Crime on Goat Island, "which starred fellow student Oliver Platt, and was her entry to American College Theatre Festival (1980).
The end of the 1970s coincided with the end of the Cultural Revolution in China. Mao died in 1976, artists and intellectuals were reinstated, and universities closed for ten years reopened. Chin became the first drama coach invited from abroad by the Minister of Culture to China since the Moscow Arts Theatre's withdrawal in the fifties.
1980s.
On March 29, 1980, Tsai Chin met with her father's colleague Cao Yu (曹禺), China's foremost modern playwright. The meeting took place in New York City, when Arthur Mille had hosted the playwright at Columbia University's School of International Affairs. This meeting resulted in an invitation to Chin by the Chinese Cultural Department to return to her home country after a quarter of a century's absence to teach class at The Central Academy of Dramatic Art (中央戏剧学院), in Beijing in 1981. Prior to leaving for China, Jill Tweedy wrote an article about Chin in "The Guardian": "After the age of 40, the little Suzie Wong Sex Kitten has remade herself into a mature, knowledgeable, exciting and excited human being." In 1982, Chin directed China's premiere production of William Shakespeare's "The Tempest", "drawing inspiration from China's theatre tradition and Western internal acting."
After working in China, Chin returned to London where she spent most of the decade serving as a cultural liaison between China and the United Kingdom, where, among many projects, Chin helped connect the British Arts Council with the theater arts in China and introduced Peking Opera productions. During this time she made many trips to Hong Kong to help transform Hong Kong Repertory Theatre to a fully professional theater company, teaching and introducing the works of Anton Chekov to Hong Kong students. In Hong Kong, Chin directed the Asian premiere production of "The Seagull" (1982) and later Shakespeare's "Twelve Night "(1988), as well as serving as consultant to The Hong Kong Academy for Performing Arts (1993). 
In 1988, Chin's autobiography, "Daughter of Shanghai", commissioned by Carmen Callil of Chatto & Windus, was published in England and became a worldwide best-seller. Polly Toynbee of "The Guardian" said, "The world of Tsai Chin has been a good deal more interesting than "The World of Suzie Wong", the play that made her into a star." Richard West of "The Sunday Telegraph" wrote, "An extraordinary and occasionally tragic life story." Beth Duff in "New York Times Book Review" wrote, "Captivating account…skillfully interwoven the glamour and despair ." Jean Fritz in "Washington Post" and "International Herald Tribune:" "The heart of this book lies in her conflict as she tried to feel at home in two cultures…that is her triumph." In 1989, "Daughter of Shanghai" was voted "One of the Ten Best Books of the Year (十本好书)" by Hong Kong TV Cultural Group.   
At the end of the 1980s, Chin resumed her acting career by returning to London's West End in David Henry Hwang's "M. Butterfly" (1989), starring Anthony Hopkins and Glen Goei, directed for the second time by John Dexter. It was during this production when Amy Tan, author of "The Joy Luck Club", walked into her dressing room at the Shaftesbury Theatre, London.
1990s.
In 1990, Chin played the title role in Henry Ong's one-woman drama, "Madame Mao's Memories "in London, which was particularly ironic due to the fact that Chin's father was personally purged by Madame Mao and Chin's mother died due to the brutality of the Red Guards. The play, directed by Glen Goei and performed at The Latchmere, was the hottest ticket in town. Sheridan Morley in "Herald Tribune International" said, "She brings to this study of Madame Mao in defeat a tremendous dramatic courage and intensity….It is Tsai Chin's triumph to make us do rather more than just hate her." In her autobiography, Chin remarked, "I was determined to be a good deal fairer in my representation of her than she ever was of my father."  
Chin's final United Kingdom acting performance was in "Bodycount "by Les Smith, for Rear Window, Channel 4 (1993).
In 1993, Tsai Chin took on a role that would energize her acting career and change her life yet again when she played the role of Auntie Lindo in the hugely popular "The Joy Luck Club." When "Joy Luck Club" came out, Chin received rave notices. "Gene Siskel said of her performance, "I hope Academy voters don't overlook her because she's not a household name. I am going to repeat her name." Those words were repeated in both "Variety "and "Hollywood Reporter" under the title "Memo to the Academy" Janet Maslin of "The New York Times": "Despite its huge cast, the film is virtually stolen by Tsai Chin." But the film received not a single award in any category. The day after the award ceremonies, on the front page of "The New York Times" Arts & Leisure section, Maslin again wrote, "Did Disney back too many actresses?" Nonetheless, Hollywood beckoned, and Chin, always a risk-taker, finally relocated to Los Angeles at the age of 62.
Hollywood.
After moving to Hollywood, Chin was immediately given the lead in a one-hour television pilot "Crowfoot "(1994) by "Magnum, P.I. "producer Donald P. Bellisario. The series did not get picked up. In 1995, Chin played Brave Orchid in Maxime Hong Kingston' s "The Woman Warrior", directed by Sharon Ott, for which she received the Los Angeles Drama Critic Circle Award.
Next, Chin played the role of Eng Sui-Yong in David Henry Hwang's Tony-nominated "Golden Child," directed by James Lapine, which ultimately went to Broadway, Longacre Theatre (1995-1998), and for which she won an Obie Award and was nominated for The Helen Hayes Award. Lauire Winer, "Los Angeles Times", commented her performance as first wife: "Her descent into opium addiction is quite harrowing." Ben Brantley, "New York Times": " suggests an Asian version of Bette Davis."
Other performances included roles in three Chay Yew plays: "Half Lives," directed by Tim Dang at East West Players (1996); "Wonderland, "at La Jolla Playhouse; and adaptation of Federico Garcia Lorca's "House of Bernada Alba," playing Maria Josefa, the mad mother to Chita Rivera's Bernada, directed by Lisa Peterson at Mark Taper Forum (2002).
Other work at this time included: the voice of Popo in the daytime Emmy-award winning "Popo and The Magic Pearl" (1996 ); an eccentric Madame Wu in the TV drama, "The Diary of Ellen Rimbauer "(2003); and Grandmother Wu in "Homecoming Queen" (2006), starring Wendy Wu.
In 2003 and 2004, Tsai Chin performed at the famed Hollywood Bowl, in China Night, reciting poetry backed by a hundred piece orchestra, conducted by John Mauceri, the founder of Hollywood Bowl Orchestra. She was guest in numerous television series, most notably the recurring role as Helen, Sandra Oh's frivolous mother, in "Grey's Anatomy," and recently "Royal Pains".
Chin made numerous indie films and many features, notably Chairman Xu in "The Red Corner" (1997), Auntie in "Memoirs of a Geisha" (2005), and Madame Wu in the James Bond thriller "Casino Royale" (2006). In 2008, Chin was offered a role of the Dowager Jia (贾母) in a lavish adaptation of "Dream of the Red Chamber" (红楼梦), China's most beloved classic novel from the eighteenth century. This was Chin's first time back working as an actress in China, and she spent more than one year completing the 50 episodes (2010).
Back in Los Angeles, Chin accepted the title role of a woman suffering from Alzheimer's in "Nani", an AFI thesis film directed by Justin Tipping, which won the Student Academy Award and DGA Student Film Award (2012). Chin's most recent film was "The Leading Man," directed by Steve Kung. Currently, her autobiography, "Daughter of Shanghai", is being developed as a play by David Henry Hwang.

</doc>
<doc id="2916203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916203" title="Mieczysław Halka Ledóchowski">
Mieczysław Halka Ledóchowski

Mieczysław Halka Ledóchowski, (29 October 1822 – 22 July 1902) was born in Górki (near Sandomierz) in Russian controlled Congress Poland to Count Josef Ledóchowski and Maria Zakrzewska. He was uncle to such high-ranking and notable religious as Saint Ursula Ledóchowska, the Blessed Maria Teresia (Theresa) Ledóchowska and Father Wlodimir Ledóchowski, General Superior of the Society of Jesus. 
After studying at Radom and Warsaw, he entered the Jesuit "Accademia dei Nobili Ecclesiastici" in Rome in 1842, and was ordained priest on 13 July 1845. He became domestic prelate of Pope Pius IX in 1846, auditor of the papal nunciature at Lisbon in 1847, Apostolic delegate to Colombia and Chile in 1856, nuncio at Brussels and titular Archbishop of Thebes in 1861, and finally in December 1865 became Archbishop of Poznań and Gniezno and Primate of Poland (both cities then a part of the Prussian Province of Posen).
In 1873, the Prussian government began the implementation of Kulturkampf policies against the influence of the Roman Catholic Church and in the aftermath forbade the use of Polish in instruction in the Province of Posen. Archbishop Ledóchowski urgently protested this order, and ultimately issued a circular ordering the religion teachers at higher educational institutes to use German in their teachings to the higher classes but to preserve Polish in their teachings to the lower classes. 
The religious instructors obediently followed the archbishop's order and were subsequently deposed by the Prussian government. After repeated fines for outlawed activity, the government demanded Ledóchowski's resignation. The archbishop responded that no temporal court could deprive him of an office granted to him by God, and he was jailed in the Ostrowo dungeon in February 1874. 
In March 1875 the Pope appointed him as Cardinal. The following month the government declared him as deposed. In 1875, Ledóchowski was released and banished and thereafter ruled his see from Rome. He resigned in 1885. In 1892 he became Prefect of the Propaganda, an office which he held until his death. An official reconciliation between the cardinal and the Prussian government reportedly took place when Emperor Wilhelm II visited Rome in 1893.

</doc>
<doc id="2916204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916204" title="The Stonecutter">
The Stonecutter

The Stonecutter is a Chinese folk-tale of unknown authorship. It is closely related to the themes of "The Fisherman and His Wife", a well known fairy tale collected by the Brothers Grimm. In the legend, a poor stonecutter takes notice of the lifestyles of those from higher in the social hierarchy and wishes to become them. Despite having his wishes granted, the stonecutter is still unsatisfied and later desires to become more powerful by embodying forces within nature. Eventually, after a chain of events, he ultimately realizes satisfaction with his place in society and nature as a lowly stonecutter.
Origins.
The exact author of "The Stonecutter" is unknown but the tale was already widespread in China and Japan before it was first translated by David Brauns in "Japanische Märchen und Sagen" (1885). Andrew Lang drew upon this source to publish his translation of the tale in "The Crimson Fairy Book" (1903). However, in Japanese sources the legend is said to be European, and the stonecutter's name is given as Hans. Variants appear across cultures and continents, including "The Fisherman and His Wife" by the Brothers Grimm.
Analysis.
According to the Aarne-Thompson classification system of fairy tales, "The Stonecutter" is a tale of type 555, folktales about dissatisfaction and greed. The morals of such stories recommend against trying to be anything but yourself and to be careful what you wish for while embodying the spirit of the saying "the grass is always greener on the other side."
The story of the Stonecutter is a prime example of cyclical thinking in Eastern philosophy. While the similar cumulative tale "The Fisherman and His Wife" is explicitly moralist in tone, "The Stonecutter"'s lesson proceeds from a more philosophical viewpoint. At the end, the stonecutter simply realises that his greedy longings are futile because power is relative (compare: food chain). The fisherman's wife however has no end to her ambition, and keeps asking for more influence; first nobleman, then queen, then empress, then pope, until at last she wants to become God. The magic fish then punishes her (blasphemous) greed by sending her back to her poor hut (compare "hubris" in Greek mythology.)
"The Stonecutter"'s central theme is reflected in the popular hand game paper, rock, scissors, which also has its origins in East Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="2916208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916208" title="1973 CFL season">
1973 CFL season

The 1973 Canadian Football League season is considered to be the 20th season in modern-day Canadian football, although it is officially the 16th Canadian Football League season.
CFL News in 1973.
Both Western and Eastern Conferences adopt the same playoff procedure, still in use.
Regular season standings.
Final regular season standings.
"Note: GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, PF = Points For, PA = Points Against, Pts = Points"
Grey Cup playoffs.
The Ottawa Rough Riders are the 1973 Grey Cup champions, defeating the Edmonton Eskimos, 22–18, at Toronto's Exhibition Stadium. Ottawa's Charlie Brandon (DE) was named the Grey Cup's Most Valuable Player, while Edmonton's Garry Lefebvre (DB) was named Grey Cup's Most Valuable Canadian.

</doc>
<doc id="2916211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916211" title="KJZZ (FM)">
KJZZ (FM)

KJZZ (91.5 FM, "K Jazz") is the flagship National Public Radio member station in Phoenix, Arizona. Owned by Rio Salado College, it operates from studios on the college's campus in Tempe. KJZZ serves the Valley of the Sun with NPR programming from 3:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. on weekdays, 5:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. on Saturdays, and 5:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. on Sundays. At all other times a variety of music programs are available playing jazz and blues. KJZZ is sister station to the area's main classical music station, KBAQ.
KJZZ signed on in the early 1970s as KMCR. Rio Salado bought the station in 1985 and changed the calls to KJZZ.
KJZZ produces several programs, including a weekly call-in talk show, Here and Now, hosted by Phoenix journalist Steve Goldstein which includes calls and e-mails from listeners.
In the Spring of 2008, the station produced The Aaron Brown Show, a pilot program hosted by former CNN news anchor Aaron Brown.
Also heard on KJZZ (as well as several other public radio stations in the southwest and Texas) are unique news stories under its program entitled Fronteras: The Changing America Desk. This entity is one part of an initiative of the Corporation for Public Broadcasting (CPB) that created seven Local Journalism Centers (LJCs) to pool the resources of public media stations across the country in FY2009. These LJCs hire their own reporters and editors and concentrate on a specific area. Fronteras represents the Southwest LJC and focuses primarily on cultural and demographic shifts in the southwest U.S. and stories began airing in 2010. Other topics heard on Fronteras include immigration and the U.S./Mexico border. According to the CPB, Fronteras' Southwest LJC and the remaining LJCs were expected to become self-sufficient after 2 years.
HD Radio.
KJZZ's HD Radio signal is multiplexed. The main signal is a simulcast of KJZZ's NPR and jazz programming. The second channel features classic jazz during the day, and joins the simulcast of KJZZ's jazz programming from 8:00 p.m. to 1:00 a.m., MST.

</doc>
<doc id="2916220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916220" title="Critolaus">
Critolaus

Critolaus (; "Kritolaos"; c. 200-c. 118 BC) of Phaselis was a Greek philosopher of the Peripatetic school. He was one of three philosophers sent to Rome in 155 BC (the other two being Carneades and Diogenes of Babylon), where their doctrines fascinated the citizens, but scared the more conservative statesmen. None of his writings survive. He was interested in rhetoric and ethics, and considered pleasure to be an evil. He maintained the Aristotelian doctrine of the eternity of the world, and of the human race in general, directing his arguments against the Stoics.
Life.
He was born in Phaselis, a Greek colony in Lycia, c. 200 BC, and studied philosophy at Athens under Aristo of Ceos, and became one of the leaders of the Peripatetic school by his eminence as an orator, a scholar and a moralist. There has been considerable discussion as to whether he was the immediate successor of Aristo, but the evidence is confused.
The great reputation which Critolaus enjoyed at Athens, as a philosopher, an orator, and a statesman, induced the Athenians to send him to Rome in 155 BC, together with Carneades and Diogenes the Stoic, to obtain a remission of the fine of 500 talents which the Romans had imposed upon Athens for the destruction of Oropus. They were successful in the object for which they came; and the embassy excited the greatest interest at Rome. Not only the Roman youth, but the most illustrious men in the state, such as Scipio Africanus, Laelius, Furius, and others, came to listen to their discourses. The novelty of their doctrines seemed to the Romans of the old school to be fraught with such danger to the morals of the citizens, that Cato induced the senate to send them away from Rome as quickly as possible. Gellius describes his arguments as "elegant and polished" (). We have no further information respecting the life of Critolaus. He lived upwards of eighty-two years, but died c. 118 BC. By the time Licinius Crassus arrived at Athens c. 111 BC, he found Critolaus' pupil Diodorus of Tyre at the head of the Peripatetic school.
Philosophy.
Critolaus seems to have paid particular attention to Rhetoric, though he considered it, like Aristotle, not as an art, but rather as a matter of practice. Cicero speaks in high terms of his eloquence. Next to Rhetoric, Critolaus seems to have given his chief attention to the study of moral philosophy, and to have made some additions to Aristotle's system. In general, he deviated very little from the philosophy of the founder of the Peripatetic school, though in some respects he went beyond his predecessors. For example, he held that pleasure is an evil, and definitely maintained that the soul consists of aether. The end of existence was to him the general perfection of the natural life, including the goods of the soul and the body, and also external goods. Cicero says in the "Tusculanae Quaestiones" that the goods of the soul entirely outweighed for him the other goods ().
Further, he defended against the Stoics the Peripatetic doctrine of the eternity of the world and the indestructibility of the human race. There is no observed change in the natural order of things; humankind recreates itself in the same manner according to the capacity given by Nature, and the various ills to which it is heir, though fatal to individuals, do not avail to modify the whole. Just as it is absurd to suppose that humans are merely earth-born, so the possibility of their ultimate destruction is inconceivable. The world, as the manifestation of eternal order, must itself be immortal. 
A Critolaus is mentioned by Plutarch as the author of a work on Epirus, and of another entitled "Phenomena"; and Aulus Gellius also speaks of an historical writer of this name. Whether the historian is the same as the Peripatetic philosopher, cannot be determined. A grammarian Critolaus is mentioned in the "Etymologicum Magnum".

</doc>
<doc id="2916237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916237" title="Runcorn Railway Bridge">
Runcorn Railway Bridge

The Runcorn Railway Bridge, which is also known as the Ethelfleda Bridge or the Britannia Bridge, crosses the River Mersey at Runcorn Gap from Runcorn to Widnes in Cheshire, England. It was built for the London and North Western Railway (LNWR) to a design by William Baker, chief engineer of the railway company. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
History.
In 1846 the Grand Junction Railway Company obtained an Act of Parliament to build a bridge to cross Runcorn Gap. A time limit of 7 years was imposed. Shortly after obtaining the Act the Company amalgamated with others to form the London and North Western Railway. Other projects took precedence, the 7 years time limit passed, and so the powers to build the bridge lapsed.
In 1861 Parliamentary approval for a bridge was obtained by the LNWR as part of building a line from Aston, to the southeast of Runcorn where it joined the line from Crewe to Warrington at Weaver Junction, to the west of Widnes, where it joined the line from Warrington to Garston at Ditton Junction. The new line was long and reduced by more than the distance between Liverpool Lime Street and stations south of the River Weaver. Preparatory work commenced in 1863 and the first stone was laid in 1864. The bridge was completed by 1868 and on 21 May there was an introductory opening when the contractor's locomotive "Cheshire" drew 20 wagons over the bridge. It was formally opened for traffic on 10 October. The first goods traffic crossed it on 1 February 1869 and the first passenger train crossed on 1 April of that year.
In the early 1890s the Manchester Ship Canal was built, passing under the bridge. The footway was closed in 1965. The bridge is still in use today for rail traffic on the Liverpool branch of the West Coast Main Line.
Structure.
The bridge consists of three wrought iron spans of , each on two sandstone abutments with foundations at a depth of about below water level. The erection of the lattice girder spans was unusual, because instead of floating them down the river and lifting into position, each was built up piece by piece in situ. The bridge carries a double line of tracks. As the structure superseded a centuries-old ferry, a footbridge alongside the main girders was provided on its eastern side. There is a clearance of above the high water mark that allowed sailing ships to pass beneath it. There are 6 lattice girders, two to each span. Each girder contains 700 tons of iron and is fastened by 48,115 rivets. From the north side of the river the bridge is approached by a viaduct of 49 arches, then a short piece of embankment, followed by 16 more arches. From the south it is approached by a viaduct of 33 arches. On its completion, the bridge was the longest of its time.
Name.
The "official" name of the bridge is uncertain. Locally it has been called the Queen Ethelfleda Viaduct but more widely as the Britannia Bridge. The bridge is named after Ethelfleda because the southern abutments and pier were built on the site of the Saxon burh erected by her in 915. Parts of the bridge are castellated to reflect this. There are three shields above the footway showing, from the southern end, the Coat of Arms of the City of London, Britannia (from the crest of the railway company) and the Liver Bird of Liverpool. Because of the crest the bridge is also known as the Britannia Railway Bridge.
References.
Citations
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="2916242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916242" title="Welfare in Sweden">
Welfare in Sweden

Social welfare in Sweden is made up of several organizations and systems dealing with welfare. It is mostly funded by taxes, and executed by the public sector on all levels of government as well as private organisations. It can be separated into three parts falling under three different ministries; social welfare, falling under the responsibility of Ministry of Health and Social Affairs; education, under the responsibility of the Ministry of Education and Research and labour market, under the responsibility of Ministry of Employment.
History.
The start of the Swedish welfare system was the poor relief organized by the church. This became obligatory in 1734 when each parish was required to have an almshouse. During the 19th century private sick benefit societies were started, and in 1891 these became regulated and subsidized. The Liberal Party government passed the National Pension Act in 1913 to provide security for the aged and in 1934 the private unemployment societies were regulated and subsidized in a way similar to the sick benefit societies.
In 1961 the private sick benefit societies were replaced with county-level public insurance societies who also handled pensions. The independent and mostly union-run unemployment benefit societies has been more centrally regulated and levels are now regulated by the government.
Social welfare.
The Ministry of Health and Social Affairs is responsible for welfare. This is defined as financial security in the case of illness, old age and for the family; social services; health care; promotion of health and children's rights; individual help for persons with disabilities and coordination of the national disability policies.
Health care.
Sweden's entire population has equal access to the public health care services. The Swedish health care system is publicly funded and run by the county councils. The health care system in Sweden is financed primarily through taxes levied by county councils and municipalities. The health care providers of the public system are generally owned by the county councils, although the managing of the hospitals is often done by private companies after a public tender. During the last decade several county councils have started using a Fee-for-service system for primary health care under the name "VårdVal".
Dental care is not quite as subsidized as other health care, and the dentists decide on their own treatment prices.
Elderly care.
Elderly care in Sweden is the responsibility of the local municipalities. There are both retirement homes as well as home care, with home care on the rise.
Social security.
The Swedish social security is mainly handled by the Swedish Social Insurance Agency and encompasses many separate benefits. The major ones are:
Education.
Education is the responsibility of the Ministry of Education and Research. Education responsibilities includes pre-school and child care for school children as well as adult education.
Labour market.
The labour market policies fall under the responsibilities of the Ministry of Employment. The responsibilities considered to be a part of the welfare system includes unemployment benefits, activation benefits, employment services, employment programs, job and development guarantees, starter jobs, and the European Social Fund.
See also.
General:

</doc>
<doc id="2916247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916247" title="Turbi massacre">
Turbi massacre

The Kenya-Turbi City massacre was the killing of about sixty people by feuding clans in the Marsabit District of northern Kenya on the early morning of 12 July 2005. Hundreds of armed raiders of the Borana tribe attacked the Gabbra people living in the Turbi area, north west of Marsabit. Twenty-two of the sixty confirmed dead were children, and over six thousand people fled their homes, most of them fleeing to Marsabit town. 
Dynamics.
The fighting was a result of competition over scarce water and pasture land in the arid region along the Somali border, as well as a recent political division along ethnic lines. The fighting in Turbi is similar in cause to that between the Garre and the Murule in Mandera in January and February 2005. Cattle rustling is relatively common practice in this region, and some reports suggest that the massacre may have begun as a cattle raid. The Gabra people, victims of the massacre, had been accused in June of stealing hundreds of cattle and goats.
__NOTOC__
A week after the massacre, Kenyan Red Cross reported that Marsabit had around nine thousand displaced persons, mainly Gabra people. The Red Cross appealed for 53.9 million Kenyan shillings ($709,000) in aid, but received only a small proportion of what they had asked for. The people of Marsabit have long complained that they are overlooked by central government. The wounded of Turbi had to travel 130 km to reach Marsabit hospital, which has only one doctor.
Three days after the massacre, with ethnic tensions still running high, the Roman Catholic Bishop of Zica, Luigi Locati, was shot dead in Isiolo. Although Isiolo lies quite a distance south of Marsabit, it has the same ethnic and religious makeup. In both places, about 40% of the people are Christians, 32% Muslims and other 28% believe in traditional or other religions.

</doc>
<doc id="2916248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916248" title="Papenburg">
Papenburg

Papenburg is a city in the district of Emsland in Lower Saxony, Germany, situated at the river Ems. It is known for its large shipyard, the Meyer-Werft, which specializes in building cruise liners.
Geography.
Districts.
Papenburg is subdivided into 6 urban districts, Papenburg-Untenende, Papenburg-Obenende, Herbrum, Tunxdorf-Nenndorf, Aschendorf and Bokel.
History.
In the "Chronicle of the Frisians", written in the 16th century by the East-Frisian council Eggerik Benninga, the Papenburg (at that time a manor) is mentioned for the first time.
In 1458, Hayo von Haren, called "von der Papenburch", confessed to be leaned with the Papenburg. The contract that was made because of this is the earliest verifiably documented mention of Papenburg.
On 2 December 1630, the district administrator Dietrich von Velen purchased the manor for 1500 Reichsthaler from Friedrich von Schwarzenberg in order to found a settlement in the fen-surrounded region.
On 4 April 1631, Bishop Ferdinand von Münster leansed the then castle and manor Papenburg to Dietrich von Velen. This is considered to be the foundation of the city of Papenburg.
Matthias von Velen and his wife Margartha Anna, born von Galen, endowed the oldest church in Papenburg on 7 December 1680, dedicated to Anthony the Great, making him its patron saint.

</doc>
<doc id="2916252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916252" title="Jim Mothersbaugh">
Jim Mothersbaugh

Jim Mothersbaugh (born January 18, 1956 in Akron, Ohio) was the second drummer for Devo, replacing Rod Reisman who only played for a single show. Jim joined Devo with his older brothers, Bob and Mark.
Jim appears on several early Devo demos. Later he performed as an equipment technician for the band on the 1980 tour, and worked at Roland through much of the 1980s helping to develop MIDI technology.
He is currently living in Akron, Ohio raising his family, one son and one daughter, and still makes time to make appearances at the DE-VOtionals - an annual Devo fan gathering in Ohio which has been held in both Akron and Cleveland.

</doc>
<doc id="2916253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916253" title="Högaborg">
Högaborg

Högaborg is a district of the Swedish city of Helsingborg situated south of the town center and east of Söder. It is inhabited by about 4,000 people, more than half of them immigrants. It is the home of the soccer club Högaborgs BK, where soccer player Henke Larsson played during his youth.

</doc>
<doc id="2916260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916260" title="9th Infantry Regiment (United States)">
9th Infantry Regiment (United States)

The 9th Infantry Regiment ("Manchu") is one of the oldest and most decorated active duty infantry units in the United States Army.
History.
Early organizations.
The 9th Infantry Regiment is one of the first units authorized in the United States Army. It first appeared as a result of the Act of 16 July 1798, that authorized twelve additional regiments of infantry, in January 1799. Josiah Carville Hall, of Maryland, was its Lieutenant Colonel. All of the officers were appointed from Maryland, and the regiment was recruited in that state. However it was disbanded 15 June 1800. It appeared again serving in the War of 1812, it was again organized in March 1812, with Simon Learned, of Massachusetts, as colonel. The regiment was raised in Massachusetts, and took part in the War on the northern border, being present at the Battle of Lundy's Lane, and other actions in that area. Following the war in the reorganization of the army, this regiment was again disbanded.
As a result of the Mexican-American War, in April 1847, the 9th Infantry was again organized, as one of the ten one year regiments authorized by the Act of 11 February 1847. It was briefly commanded by Franklin Pierce before Pierce was promoted to brigadier general and commander of the brigade that included the 9th Regiment. Pierce was succeeded by Colonel Truman B. Ransom, who was killed in the assault upon Chapultepec Castle. He was succeeded by Col. Jones M. Withers, who resigned 23 May 1848, and he was succeeded by Col. Henry L. Webb. The regiment served in the Mexico City campaign and was in the Battle of Contreras, Battle of Churubusco, Battle of Molino del Rey and at the Battle of Chapultepec where it took a distinguished part. At the Battle of Chapultepec it was in support of the storming force, but joined with it as a part of the assault on the citadel. Sixteen officers and eleven enlisted men of the regiment were mentioned by name in the report of Major General Gideon Pillow for meritorious conduct in this battle, among the former being second lieutenant R. C. Drum, later a General. In August 1848, the regiment was again disbanded.
Oregon and Washington Territory Indian Wars.
Between March and November 1855, the 9th Infantry Regiment was again organized under Colonel George Wright at Fortress Monroe, Virginia. It has remained in continuous existence since then. Silas Casey was its Lieutenant-colonel, and Edward Steptoe, and Robert S. Garnett were its Majors. In December 1855 the regiment was ordered to the Pacific Coast, via Panama, arriving in the latter part of January 1856. The headquarters and Companies A, B, C, E, F, G, I and K, took station at Fort Vancouver, Washington Territory. Lieutenant-Colonel Casey with Companies D and H going to Fort Steilacoom, and was plunged into operations against the Nisqually, Muckleshoot, Puyallup, and Klickitat in the Puget Sound War.
From March 1856, Colonel Wright with companies from Fort Vancouver were fighting the Yakima War. Following the close of field operations until the spring of 1858, the regiment was engaged in building posts and making roads. In August 1857, Company F was detailed as escort to the Northern Boundary Commission and remained in the field on that duty nearly three years.
In 1858, during part of the wars with Native Americans in the West, the 9th was posted at Fort Dalles in Oregon Territory under the command of then Colonel George Wright. In May 1858, Company E under Major Steptoe formed part of a force of one hundred and fifty-nine men sent to make a reconnaissance of the country to the north of Fort Walla Walla. On 17 May 1858, Steptoe's command was attacked by over one thousand Indians in the Battle of Pine Creek which triggered the Spokane – Coeur d'Alene – Paloos War. In August 1858, an expedition from Fort Dalles under Colonel Wright proceed against the Spokane Indians and their allies. The following Battle of Four Lakes brought about a lasting peace with the Indians eastern Washington.
In October 1860, Captain Frederick Tracy Dent with Company B and a detachment of Company E, left Fort Walla Walla, to rescue the emigrants who had escaped from the Salmon Falls Massacre, on the Snake River. In May 1861, a detachment of the regiment was detailed as an escort to the Fort Benton wagon road expedition, for nearly fifteen months.
Civil War and late 19th Century Indian Wars.
During the American Civil War the 9th Infantry Regiment, was ordered to San Francisco prior to its transfer to the East. Its Colonel Wright was promoted to command of the Department of the Pacific, and the order was revoked. The regiment was left on the Pacific Coast where it had duty at the posts near San Francisco, performing provost guard duty in that city until late in 1865. Following the death of Colonel Wright in the wreck of the steamer "Brother Jonathan", Colonel John H. King succeeded to command of the 9th Regiment in December 1866.
During the period from 1866 to 1869, elements of the regiment were in the Snake War in Northern California and Oregon and in conflict with the Chemehuevi in Southern California. In June 1869, the regiment was ordered to the Department of the Platte, where it absorbed the 27th Infantry Regiment. It was from the 27th Infantry Regiment that the regiment gets its Civil War battle honors, derived from the 2nd Battalion of the 18th Infantry Regiment that was the cadre around which the 27th formed at the end of the Civil War.
Following the reorganization the 9th Infantry performed garrison duty at various posts and guard duty on the Union Pacific Railroad line. In May 1873, six companies, A, D, E, F, H and I, were sent to the Department of Dakota for duty with the Yellowstone Expedition, escorting the engineers locating the Northern Pacific Railroad. From the summer of 1874 to May 1876, the regiment was stationed at posts on or near the Sioux reservation in Nebraska and Wyoming and was almost constantly escorting wagon trains. In the summer of 1875 Companies C, E and H, were in the Black Hills, Dakota, as part of the escort to the Newton–Jenney Party, Company E remained in the field until November assisting in ejecting white intruders who had entered Sioux territory.
In May 1876, Companies C, G and H became a part of the Big Horn and Yellowstone Expedition under command of Brigadier General Crook and were in the field until late in October taking part in the engagement with the Indians at Tongue River, Montana, 9 June, the Battle of the Rosebud, and the Battle of Slim Buttes. Companies G and H also assisted in repelling a night attack by Indians on the camp on Goose Creek, Wyoming, 9 July 1876. In the early part of September the entire command was without rations for a number of days, and subsisted on horse flesh and a small quantity of dried meat and fruit captured at Slim Buttes. In October, 1876, the Powder River Expedition was organized and Companies A, B, D, F, I and K formed a part of it. They remained in the field until January 1877, during the most severe part of the winter, and practically brought to a termination the Great Sioux War of 1876–77.
In July 1877, Companies B, D, F, H, I and K were a part of the force sent to Chicago, Illinois, at the time of the Great Railroad Strike of 1877. They remained a month performing guard duty over various public and private institutions.
During the summer and fall of 1878 Companies B, C, H and I were a part of a force of observation on the Little Missouri River, and in the northwestern part of the Black Hills.
In October 1878 Companies G and K were part of the force in the field in the Cheyenne War. Company K was mounted and took active part in the pursuit.
In October, 1879, Companies E and K went into the field in the White River War, remaining until July 1880.
In 1883, Col. John S. Mason, took command of the 9th Regiment and in July 1886, the regiment went to the Department of Arizona. During their service there the regiment was in garrisons at every post in Arizona and at some posts in New Mexico. Four companies, C, E, H and I, were in the field in New Mexico for about a month during the Apache campaign of 1886 against Geronimo.
Following the end of the Indian Wars the regiment participated in the Spanish-American War.
20th century.
Boxer Rebellion.
At the beginning of the century the U.S. Army dispatched the 9th Infantry Regiment to Qing China during the Boxer Rebellion and the China Relief Expedition where the regiment earned the nickname "Manchus". During the Battle of Tientsin, three 9th Regiment soldiers won the Medal of Honor and the regimental commander, Col. Emerson H. Liscum, was killed by Chinese fire, as was the flag bearer for the regiment. A Chinese sniper shot Liscum as he tried to steady the flag after the bearer was killed. The Chinese again unleashed a torrent of fire upon the Allies, which forced them to lie face down in mud. The dark blue uniform of the American troops provided a virtual bull's eye to the Chinese troops, equipped with western firearms, such as Winchesters, Mausers, and Mannlichers. Many American troops died from Chinese sniper fire before they took the city. The regiment suffered a ten percent casualty rate in the battle. Colonel Liscum's dying words gave the regiment its motto, "Keep up the Fire." Lt. Col. Charles A. Coolidge assumed command, the Allies then captured the city, and the regiment was awarded two silver ingots from which the "Liscum Bowl" was created. The regiment fought in the Battle of Yangcun.
Philippines.
Following duty in China the regiment served in the Philippine-American War and was involved in the Balangiga massacre.
WWI.
In early October 1917, the Manchus deployed to France as part of the "Indianhead" 2nd Infantry Division. During the course of the war, 9th infantrymen earned battle streamers for their colors at Lorraine, He de France, Aisne-Marne, and St. Mihiel. In 1918, the Manchu Regiment received the French Fourragère for gallantry during the Meuse-Argonne offensive.
WWII.
The Manchus returned to Europe and combat action during World War II. After breaking out from the beachhead at Normandy, the Manchus waged an 18 hour engagement during the Battle of the Bulge. With the Allied line established, the 9th spearheaded a 1945 drive toward the Siegfried Line. The Manchus crossed the Rhine in March 1945 and advanced rapidly through Saxony into Czechoslovakia, ending the war with many decorations including three Presidential Unit Citations.
Korea.
When South Korea was invaded in 1950 the Manchus returned to the far east and the Korean Peninsula. Manchu troops were the first of the 2nd Infantry Division to touch Korean soil. They were successful at Bloody Ridge, Heartbreak Ridge, Old Baldy, Pork Chop Hill, and T-Bone Hill. During the Korean War, the regiment earned an additional Presidential Unit Citation for its gallant service at Hongchon, and six of its members received the Medal of Honor: Loren R. Kaufman (4 and 5 September 1950), Edward C. Krzyzowski (31 August to 3 September 1951), Joseph R. Ouellette (31 August to 3 September 1951), David M. Smith (1 September 1950), Luther H. Story (1 September 1950) and Travis E. Watkins (31 August to 3 September 1950).
Vietnam War.
On 14 January 1966, the 4th Battalion, 9th Infantry Regiment, was relieved from assignment to the 171st Infantry Brigade and assigned to the 25th Infantry Division "Tropic Lightning" at Schofield Barracks, Hawaii. A month earlier these Manchus had been in Alaska preparing for annual winter maneuvers to be conducted in temperatures of 50 below zero. Eight weeks later the battalion was preparing for deployment to the heat and humidity of South Vietnam.
On 29 April, the battalion disembarked the ship "General Walker" at Vũng Tàu, Vietnam. Within hours of their arrival they found themselves under fire as their convoy made its way to the 25th Division base camp at Củ Chi. The next day, a little more than 24 hours after arriving in country, Alpha company engaged the enemy in a firefight – setting the tone of regular contact that would characterize the Manchu experience for the next four and a half years.
Many operations were conducted by company-sized or smaller units but there were also notable larger scale operations in which the entire battalion took part. They included Asheville, Wahiawa, Joliet I and II, Helemano, and Kahana I and II. 
On 22 February 1968 the Manchus closed the base at Katum which had served as the large forward base for the 1st BDE near the Cambodian border. After a day at Tay Ninh to prepare, the Manchus moved out to Củ Chi and eventually arrived north of Tan Son Nhut on 25 February. The mission was to find and destroy rocket sites that had been used to fire on Tan Son Nhut Air Base since the Tet Offensive began nearly a month earlier. At 9:00 AM on 2 March 1968, the Manchus walked into what was to become one of the worst single-encounter loss of life incidents in the history of the Vietnam war. Forty-nine members of Charlie Company were killed and 24 wounded in an ambush by a large communist force on Route 248 north and east of Tan Son Nhut near the small village of Quoi Xuan. In addition, C Company suffered 24 wounded while D Company suffered casualties in the fighting to reach Charlie Company. Manchu Alpha, Bravo, and Delta continued operations in this area and took many more casualties until finally leaving on 11 March 1968. Rocket sites had been destroyed, and a formidable communist force had been weakened, if not destroyed. But, it had come at a great cost to the Manchus and particularly Charlie Company.
In the four years and six months of service in Vietnam with the 25th Division, the 4th Battalion of the Manchus received two Presidential Citations and added 12 campaign streamers to regimental colors for combat operations in the Republic of Vietnam (South Vietnam). It is estimated that 450 4th Battalion Manchus were killed in the Vietnam War.
Three Manchus were posthumous recipients of the Medal of Honor, the United States' highest award for valor: Nicholas J. Cutinha, Ruppert L. Sargent and Maximo Yabes.
1970s.
After its service in the Vietnam war, the regiment was transferred back to the United States and was stationed in Alaska. During the Vietnam War, the 6th battalion of the 9th Infantry Regiment was assigned to the 171st Infantry Brigade at Fort Wainwright, Alaska. The majority of the unit's training was in light infantry winter operations. The training consisted of developing cold weather operations and mountaineering skills. Modes of transportation included using skis or snowshoes and pulling equipment on Ahkio sleds; helicopters; or Air Force transport aircraft. Company C, 6th Battalion was an Airborne unit, and was the first of the "Charlie Airborne" companies stationed in Alaska. Summer training was primarily adventurous in nature, and included encampments at primitive locations within the state. The 6th Battalion was also a regular participant in the annual 'Alaska Days' parade in Sitka. The 9th Infantry Regiment was included in this event because it was stationed in Sitka when the Alaska Purchase was finalized, and Alaska was turned over to the United States by Imperial Russia. In 1972, the 6th Battalion was inactivated, and its Soldiers and equipment were used to reactivate the 4th Battalion, 9th Infantry Regiment. The 4th Battalion was assigned to the 172nd Infantry Brigade at Fort Richardson, but remained stationed at Fort Wainwright, and its Company C was retained on airborne status. 
In the summer of 1975, the inactive 2nd Battalion was activated and assigned to the 1st Brigade, 2nd Infantry Division, at Camp Casey, Republic of Korea (South Korea). In March 1976, the 2nd Battalion moved to Camp Greaves near the DMZ, with A Company manning Camp Liberty Bell. Missions there included reconnaissance patrols within the DMZ; manning Guard Posts Collier and Oulette, both located within the DMZ and supporting the United Nations Command Joint Security Force at Camp Kitty Hawk; securing Freedom Bridge, spanning the route south from Panmunjom across the Imjim river; and manning a small sector of the southern boundary fence of the DMZ. (Camp Kitty Hawk was later renamed Camp Bonifas in memory of Captain Arthur Bonifas, who was murdered along with Lieutenant Mark Barrett by North Korean troops during the Axe Murder Incident, which resulted in Operation_Paul_Bunyan being conducted by the United States Army.)
In late 1978, the 2nd Battalion was relieved of duty on the DMZ by its sister 1st Battalion, 9th Infantry Regiment. The 1st Battalion had been stationed at Camp Hovey, and was commanded by LTC Clinton Fields. The 1st Battalion continued the mission to man Guard Posts Oulette and Collier, conduct combat and recon patrols, man the southern entrance to the DMZ and maintain the bridge platoon that guarded Freedom Bridge. LTC Clinton Fields relinquished command of the 1st Battaion to LTC Michael D. Collins soon after the move from Camp Hovey to Camp Greaves.
1980s and 1990s.
Early in 1989, the Manchus deployed to Panama as part of a show-of-force Operation Nimrod Dancer along with other U.S. forces. The 9th was based out of Fort Sherman. Units of the 9th conducted route reconnaissance and security patrols between Forts Sherman and Espinar on the other side of the Panama Canal. The 9th was fully re-deployed by the end of November 1989 and returned less than a month later for the U.S. invasion. During Operation Just Cause in December 1989, the Manchus were called upon again. Infantrymen from the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd Battalions earned the Combat Infantryman Badge (CIB) for the first time since Korea. Initially DOD awarded the CIB to all soldiers who took part in Just Cause, but subsequently rescinded the awards after closer review of regulations found that the CIB could only be awarded to 11-series MOS (infantry) soldiers. This led to an attempt by a number of 1st Battalion infantrymen to return their CIBs in solidarity with the combat medics, air defenders, and others who had to take up the rifle and engage in the same house to house and jungle fighting as the infantry.
Panama was the last conflict fought by the Manchus under the 7th Infantry Division (Light). During both operations, the regimental commander was Colonel David R.E. Hale. One of Hale's key commanders in Panama, Lt. Col. Chuck Swannack went on to become a major general and commander of the 82nd Airborne Division in Iraq from 2002 to 2004. Another key officer was Lt. Col. William J. "Bill" Leszczynski, Jr., who later commanded the 75th Ranger Regiment and was promoted to brigadier general. Hale himself became a major general, but was forced into retirement because of personal misconduct of a sexual nature. Hale was subsequently court-martialed in 1999 and reduced in rank (for retired pay purposes) to brigadier general.
The 1st, 2nd, and Regimental Headquarters (along with the Regimental Treasure, including the Liscum Bowl) were reassigned to Ft. Lewis, WA in late 1993, after the closure of Ft. Ord, which had been the home of the 7th ID (and consequently the 9th Regiment) prior to 1993. The unit moved into the barracks near the 75th Ranger Battalion, adjacent to Grey Army Airfield on the main post of Ft. Lewis. One of the last cohort units of basic training recruits (B Co, 38th ID, Ft. Benning) which were initially assigned to the 7th ID, Ft. Ord, were subsequently either reassigned to other mechanized units or reassigned to the 9th in Ft. Lewis just prior to graduation and were quickly integrated into the 9th once they reported for duty there. The 1st and 2nd Battalions of the 9th continued to serve from Ft. Lewis for the next two years, before being reassigned to the 25th Infantry Division.
The 4th and 5th Battalions, 9th Infantry Regiment were activated back at Fort Wainwright, Alaska in 1986. They were assigned to the 1st Brigade of the 6th Infantry Division (Arctic Light) and were specially trained in Arctic warfare. The 5th Battalion was reflagged 1st Battalion, 17th Infantry Regiment in 1994 and the 4th Battalion was reflagged 2nd Battalion, 1st Infantry Regiment in 1995. These renamings occurred prior to the brigade being redesignated as the 172nd Infantry Brigade and the division being deactivated.
In January 1995, the 1st Battalion, 9th Infantry Regiment, along with augmentation from the 79th Forward Support Battalion and the 13th Engineer Company, deployed from Fort Lewis, WA to Guantanamo Bay, Cuba in support of Operation Sea Signal where they provided transportation and security for Cuban and Haitian immigrants awaiting movement to the United States by supporting camps Echo, Foxtrot, and Golf. The 1st of the 9th, known as Task Force 1st Manchu, returned to Fort Lewis, WA in June 1995. August 1995 the 1st Brigade, 7th Infantry Division (sometimes erroneously referred to as the 9th Regimental Combat Team, although RCTs have not existed in Army force structure since the late 1950s), which included the battalions of the 9th Infantry at Fort Lewis, WA, was reflagged as the 1st Brigade, 25th Infantry Division and the Manchu name and colors returned to the 2nd Infantry Division stationed in Korea. The reflagging ceremony took place on I Corps' parade grounds and included a "Drink the Fire" ceremony, during which all assigned Manchu soldiers drank a toast from the Liscum Bowl.
The 1st and 2nd Battalions of the 9th Infantry Regiment returned to Korea in September 1995 (i.e. units already deployed in Korea were redesignated as the 1st and 2nd Battalions). 
21st century.
First Battalion of the 9th Infantry Regiment recently returned from a tour in Iraq, serving in Operation Iraqi Freedom I and II from August 2004 to July 2005 and subsequently based at Fort Carson, Colorado, as part of the 2nd Brigade Combat Team of the Second Infantry Division. In November 2005, the First Battalion of the 9th Infantry Regiment had the majority of their personnel transferred to the newly activated 3rd Squadron of the 61st Cavalry Regiment as part of the 2nd Brigade Combat Team, 2nd Infantry Division. At the same time, the Unit Colors of the 1st Battalion, 503rd Infantry (also a part of the 2nd Brigade Combat Team at the time) was transferred to Vicenza, Italy to be stationed with the 173rd Infantry Brigade (Airborne), the personnel remaining at Fort Carson, Colorado were transferred to the 1st Battalion, 9th Infantry. The battalion deployed with 2nd Brigade Combat Team in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom 06-08 to Ramadi, successfully defeated the insurgency during Operation Murfreesboro. Upon redeployment to Fort Carson, the brigade reflagged to 4th Brigade Combat Team of the 4th Infantry Division, and the battalion reflagged to 1st Battalion, 12th Infantry Regiment.
The Second Battalion of the 9th Infantry Regiment is still active today and is part of the 1st Brigade of the 2nd Infantry Division, which is currently based in South Korea. The Second Battalion has a twice a year tradition called the "Manchu Mile", which involves its members marching 25 miles (40.2 km) in full combat gear across Korea's mountainous terrain. This is to commemorate an 85 mile forced march performed by the unit during the Boxer Rebellion.
The Third Battalion of the 9th Infantry Regiment is not active at this time.
The Fourth Battalion of the 9th Infantry Regiment was re-activated on 1 June 2006 and is assigned to the newly designated 4th Brigade Combat Team, 2nd Infantry Division, based at Joint Base Lewis-McChord, Washington. As the 4th Brigade is a Stryker Brigade Combat Team, this battalion of the 9th Infantry Regiment is now a fully mobile mechanized infantry unit. The battalion deployed to Iraq in the spring of 2007 and engaged in combat operations in Tarmiyah, the Battle of Baqubah, and other locations throughout Diyala and Salah Ed-Din. At the same time they field tested the Army's Land Warrior next generation soldier technology.
The Fourth Battalion returned from Iraq in the fall of 2010 during the last days of Operation Iraqi Freedom.
Honors.
Campaign participation credit.
American Civil War:
Indian Wars
War with Spain
China Relief Expedition
Philippine–American War
World War I
World War II
Korean War
Vietnam War
Armed Forces Expeditions

</doc>
<doc id="2916262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916262" title="Curicó">
Curicó

Curicó (kūrēkō'), meaning "Black Waters" in Mapudungun (originally meaning "Land of Black Water"), is the capital city of the Curicó Province, part of the Maule Region in Chile's central valley.
The province lies between the provinces of Colchagua and Talca and extends from the Pacific to the Argentine frontier. Its cakes, fruits, and wine are well known in Chile and around the world for their high quality.
Demographics.
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute, Curicó spans an area of and has 119,585 inhabitants (58,768 men and 60,817 women). Of these, 100,506 (84%) lived in urban areas and 19,079 (16%) in rural areas. Between the 1992 and 2002 censuses, the population grew by 14.9% (15,472 persons).
Geography.
Curicó is on the Guaiquillo River, south of Santiago along the route of the Chilean Central Railway. The city is situated in the fertile Chilean Central Valley, above sea-level, in the midst of a comparatively well-cultivated region. The eastern and western sides are mountainous, separated by the Chilean Central Valley. The commune spans an area of.
Mineral resources are undeveloped, but are said to include copper, gold and silver. Cattle, wheat and wine are the principal products, but Indian corn and fruit also are produced. On the coast are important salt-producing industries.
The main rivers are the Lontué River and Teno River, which surround the city. The landscape is dominated by the Andes and Chilean Coastal Range.
Climate.
Curicó has a mild Mediterranean climate: relatively hot dry summers (November to March) with temperatures reaching on the hottest days. Winters (June to August) are more humid, with typical maximum daily temperatures of . Mean rainfall is per year. In August 2007, Curicó experienced snowfall for the first time in over 60 years.
In the southern part of the valley the climate is more temperate and rainfall more abundant; the effects of this are to be seen in better pasturage. Irrigation is used to a large extent.
History.
Curicó was founded in 1743 by Jose Manso de Velasco during the Spanish reign in the Americas (see Captaincy General of Chile). It is one of the more cultured and progressive provincial towns of Chile. 
In 1747, Governor Domingo Ortiz de Rozas decided to move it about to the north, where it is now located, because of the humidity in its original location.
The oldest and most valuable building of the city is "La Iglesia San Francisco" (San Francisco's Church), built in 1734, and came to its current location in 1759.
Curicó gained the title of "city" in 1830.
The city's hero is Luis Cruz Martínez, a Chilean soldier from the War of the Pacific, who died in 1882 in Perú.
The city was destroyed by an earthquake in 1928 and rebuilt during the following year.
Today, Curicó is a center of communication, supply and commercial transactions of neighboring agricultural industries, making it an attractive and buoyant commercial center.
The city was badly damaged in the February 2010 earthquake. An Argentine Air Force Mobile Field Hospital, similar to the one deployed in Haiti was deployed to the city and remained on site until September 
Economy.
The city's economy is based mainly on agriculture, because the Mediterranean climate creates comparative advantages with markets such as apples, wines, and cherries.
The major industries are wine, agroindustries, stand out cement and sugar. The economic force of the vineyards generates development and investment for the city.
In human development the city had 0.716 (UNDP, Chile 2000), reaching the 97th position in the municipalities of Chile [http://www.desarrollohumano.cl/idhc/wwwroot/comuna/ranking/Ranking7.htm].
Tourism and Society.
An interesting feature of the city is its wine culture. It is reflected in a number of ways, for example, between March 15 and 20 each year, the city celebrates a large wine celebration, the "Fiesta de la Vendimia" (Wine Harvest Festival). Furthermore, the region has its own tourist circuit, "La Ruta del Vino" (The Wine Route), in Curicó Valley.
Potrero Grande is a popular attraction for tourists and locals alike. It is a mountainous area with large forests and waterfalls, located about from Curicó. The rivers around Curicó are excellent for trekking.
It is known in the country as "the city of cakes" (many cakes are made there from manjar, meringue and fruit), and is known for its wine.
The "Plaza de Armas" (Main Square) is the most visited public place (declared a "Typical Zone"), and it is now a tourist destination because of its 60 palms and exotic plants, sculpture-ornamented water fountains, and the iron-made civil kiosks. There is a steel kiosk which is a historical and cultural monument. There is also a monument to Lautaro carved on the trunk of a beech tree, created by the famous craftsman of Vichuquén, Heraclio "Kako" Calquín. Located around "Plaza de Armas" are the mayor's house ("alcaldía") and the governor's house.
A few blocks from the plaza, the Alameda Antonio Manso de Velasco avenue crosses the city with its gardens and leafy trees. There is also the Condell hill, a place which offers a panoramic view of the city and the San Francisco church, a declared national monument, located near Condell hill.
Culture life.
The city has four higher-education institutions:
The city has one of the oldest newspapers in Chile, "La Prensa de Curicó (Press of Curico)", founded in 1898. Its offices are located in front of the central square. [http://www.diariolaprensa.cl]
Sports.
Curicó is known for its bicycle culture, and is represented in the denomination of Curicó as cyclism's capital of Chile, because so many cyclists of international level started riding in the city, such as Roberto Muñoz, Manuel Aravena, Marco Arriagada, Marcelo Arriagada and Luis Fernando Sepúlveda.
Kayak and whitewater rafting adventurers from all over the world visit the popular Teno River located in Curicó's mountain town of Los Queñes.
Today the city is living a great revolution with the return, (after 13 years in the amateur league) of its football team to the professional league in 2006. The name of this team is Club Provincial Curicó Unido.
Furthermore in Chilean sports, the rodeo is too figurative in the national competitions, stand out the horsemen such as Ramon Cardemil, and Pablo Quera.
Administration.
As a commune, Curicó is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years. Actually, the 2012-2016 alcalde is Javier Muñoz Riquelme.
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, Curicó is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Mr. Roberto León (PDC) and Mr. Celso Morales (UDI) as part of the 36th electoral district, (together with Teno, Romeral, Molina, Sagrada Familia, Hualañé, Licantén, Vichuquén and Rauco). The commune is represented in the Senate by Juan Antonio Coloma Correa (UDI) and Andrés Zaldívar Larraín (PDC) as part of the 10th senatorial constituency (Maule-North).

</doc>
<doc id="2916264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916264" title="Dust (Screaming Trees album)">
Dust (Screaming Trees album)

Dust is the seventh and final album by the Screaming Trees, released on June 25, 1996.
After an aborted attempt at recording a followup to "Sweet Oblivion" with producer Don Fleming, the band hired producer George Drakoulias to man the controls for what eventually turned out to be their last album. In contrast to the group's previous recordings that were more influenced by psychedelic rock and punk rock, "Dust" contains music that is equally influenced by folk and blues, while still retaining a harder-edged sound. "All I Know" was released as a single from the album and became a success on rock radio. "Dying Days", a song that was also released as a single to some minor success, features Pearl Jam guitarist Mike McCready.
"Kerrang!" Magazine selected "Dust" as the best album of 1996 in their year-end awards. The band toured behind "Dust" for nearly two years (with former Kyuss and future Queens of the Stone Age leader Josh Homme serving as a touring guitarist), and afterwards went on an extended hiatus, eventually disbanding officially in 2000.
Track listing.
All songs written by Gary Lee Conner/Van Conner/Mark Lanegan except as indicated.
Charts.
Album - Billboard (North America)
Album - UK Album Charts
Singles - Billboard (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="2916274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916274" title="The Way to Rainy Mountain">
The Way to Rainy Mountain

The Way to Rainy Mountain (1969) is a book by Pulitzer Prize winning author N. Scott Momaday. It is about the journey of Momaday's Kiowa ancestors from their ancient beginnings in the Montana area to their final war and surrender to the United States Cavalry at Fort Sill, and subsequent resettlement near Rainy Mountain, Oklahoma.
"The Way to Rainy Mountain" by N. Scott Momaday, a unique blend of history, folklore, and poetic memoir, was published in 1969. It takes the reader through author N. Scott Momaday’s own journey of discovering his Kiowa background and identity. The journey is told in three separate voices: The first voice, the ancestral voice, tells about the Kiowa by using oral traditions and myths; the second voice is a historical commentary; and finally, the third voice is Momaday’s poetic memoir of his experiences. All three voices together teach about the Kiowa’s origin, beliefs, traditions, morals, and conflicts. Not only does the journey recounted in this book help Momaday better understand his ancestry, it also teaches about the Kiowa tribe’s history. The uniqueness of this text, however, has been an issue for some readers; they claim it is confusing to follow and discombobulating. Others find it easier to understand by reading each individual voice consecutively instead of alternating from one voice to another as the book is written. "The Way to Rainy Mountain" continues to be an entry point to Kiowa history and a way to open discussions about what constitutes any history of a people.
Momaday.
Navarre Scott Momaday was born February 27, 1934, in Lawton, Oklahoma, to Alfred Momaday and Natachee Scott. The family lived on Navajo, Apache, and Pueblo reservations in New Mexico and Arizona where his parents taught school. Momaday earned a bachelor’s degree in political science at the University of New Mexico. Then he was awarded a scholarship to graduate school at Stanford University as a result of winning a creative writing contest for his poetry. After earning his Ph.D. in English there, he published his first book "The Complete Poems of Frederick Goddard Tuckerman". He followed that academic study with "The Way to Rainy Mountain" and his first novel, "House Made of Dawn", which received the Pulitzer Prize in 1969. Momaday is currently emeritus professor of English at the University of Arizona.
History of the Kiowa.
The Kiowa tribe has been documented in records dating back to at least 1732. The Kiowa are nomadic people from the Great Plains. They began migrating from western Montana in the 1700s, when they moved southeast of the Yellowstone River. They allied with the Crow tribe, from whom they acquired the horse and the Sun Dance. Their subsequent history is a record of rights lost to the United States government. In 1837, they were forced to sign a treaty with the government that allowed Americans to travel through Kiowa and Comanche lands, and in 1867, the Kiowa were forced onto a reservation as a result of the Medicine Lodge Treaty. Oklahoma became the Kiowa’s homeland. In 1990, 9,500 Kiowa still lived in the United States.
Reception.
The usefulness of "The Way to Rainy Mountain" for classroom instruction has been a topic of debate in the academic world. In the article “Inventive Modeling: Rainy Mountain’s Way to Composition,” Kenneth Roemer claims that the book is a perfect example for students learning writing composition because of the three different writing approaches that Momaday uses. Also according to Roemer, it is good introductory to Native American literature for students with no background in it. Another critic, Sharon Jessee claims that The Way to Rainy Mountain can be used to demonstrate theme and plot structure in the classroom. In addition to issues of composition and structure, "The Way to Rainy Mountain" raises issues of how to utilize works with unfamiliar subject matter and writing styles in the classroom, Roemer points out.

</doc>
<doc id="2916277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916277" title="Zandik">
Zandik

Zandik (or zindik) was used in Sassanid Persia to denote "heretics", certainly the Manichaeans and possibly other heterodox groups such as the Mazdakites.
The Muslim term "zindiq" ("heretic") applied to heretics or sectants, who are also often said to disbelieve in Allah, deny the resurrection, and not to believe in life after death, was borrowed from Middle Persian "zandik". Mazdakite, Manichaean and Gnostic communities used to be referred to as "Zindikites". The zindiqs were extensively persecuted by the early Abbasids on an organized scale, starting in the reign of al-Mahdi and then continued by his successors, al-Hadi and Harun al-Rashid, although with diminished intensity during the reign of the latter.
Etymology.
One possible etymological derivation is that the term alluded to "free interpretation" or "commentary" on the sacred texts, the same root that occurs in the word "Zand", referring to the commentary on the Avesta (cf. Muslim "batiniyya"). Another view, espoused by the Dehkhoda Persian Dictionary, is that "zand" is derived from Avestan "zanda" - a root found in two instances in Avesta (Yasna 61, 3; Vendidad 18, 53-55), which has seemingly implied sinners such as bandits, thieves, enchanters, renegades and liars.

</doc>
<doc id="2916278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916278" title="Bloodgood Cutter">
Bloodgood Cutter

Bloodgood Haviland Cutter (1817 – 1906), a descendant of the Haviland family, was a prominent and colorful figure in late nineteenth century Plandome, New York.
Cutter's parentage is not clear, but he was related to the Haviland family and later inherited or bought much of their land. He had a limited education, mainly from reading the bible. He catapulted into high society by marrying a daughter of the well-propertied Allen family of Great Neck. He later acquired the Allen mill, which thereafter was called Cutter's Mill (and after which Cutter Mill Road in Great Neck is named). His main occupation was farming, but Cutter also became quite a propertied landowner, eventually owning numerous parcels in Great Neck as well as large blocks of land north of the railroad station and in Plandome Heights. During the course of his business dealings he developed a reputation for honesty and sound business acumen.
Cutter also developed a reputation for being a "character." Perhaps it was his old-fashioned clothes, his country accent, or the poetry ("doggerel" is what some more properly called) that he wrote and distributed. His reputation was sealed when in 1867 he booked passage for a 5-month trip to the Holy Land. Mark Twain turned out to be one of the passengers, and Cutter found himself immortalized in Twain's book "Innocents Abroad" as the character the "Poet Lariat." This is how Mark Twain described Cutter in his notes for the book:
For the rest of his life Cutter relished being referred to as the "farmer-poet" or the "Poet Lariat" and told of his acquaintance with Mark Twain to anyone he met. In 1886 he even had a 500-page book of his poetry self-published, titled "The Long Island Farmer's Poems." 
Cutter died in 1906 at the age of 89. A tall granite gravestone marks his burial site in the Zion Episcopal Church cemetery in Douglaston, Queens. Most of his estate, valued at over $500,000, was willed to the American Bible Society, including the Plandome Heights lands. His huge collection of books and antique furniture was sold at auction.

</doc>
<doc id="2916295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916295" title="Idrees Sulieman">
Idrees Sulieman

Idrees Sulieman (August 7, 1923, in St. Petersburg, Florida – July 23, 2002 in St. Petersburg, FL) was a bop and hard bop trumpeter. He studied at Boston Conservatory, and gained early experience playing with the Carolina Cotton Pickers and the wartime Earl Hines Orchestra (1943–1944). Sulieman was closely associated with Mary Lou Williams for a time and had stints with Cab Calloway, John Coltrane, Count Basie, and Lionel Hampton. Sulieman recorded with Coleman Hawkins (1957) and gigged with Randy Weston (1958–1959), in addition to popping up in many other situations. He went to Europe in 1961 to tour with Oscar Dennard, and then settled in Stockholm, moving to Copenhagen in 1964. A major soloist with The Kenny Clarke-Francy Boland Big Band from the mid-'60s through 1973, Sulieman frequently worked with radio orchestras. His recordings as a leader were for Swedish Columbia (1964) and SteepleChase (1976 and 1985). In 1985, he played in the big band in Miles Davis' album "Aura," which was released in 1989. Sulieman's career slowed down considerably in the '90s as he aged. He died of bladder cancer on July 23, 2002 at St. Anthony's Hospital in St. Petersburg, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="2916296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916296" title="Cunene">
Cunene

Cunene may refer to 
also with another spelling

</doc>
<doc id="2916297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916297" title="Luke 1">
Luke 1

Luke 1 is the first chapter of the Gospel of Luke in the New Testament of the Christian Bible. It describes the events leading up to the birth of Jesus. It is written to Theophilus, who could be a real person or could simply mean a fellow Christian as "theo" "philus" is Greek for God lover. It could be both, addressed to a specific person, whether their name was that or not, and also meant for others as well. (Brown 227) Acts of the Apostles begins addressed the same way in 1:1.
Luke says:
It thus claims to be an accurate history, although skeptics would dispute this. It is meant to confirm the things that Theophilus has already been taught about Jesus, being written by a believer for the purpose of confirming belief. (Brown 227)
Luke clearly states there are other accounts about Jesus circulating and he is aware of them. He also states he is not an eyewitness but belongs to another generation that received its information from "eyewitnesses" to these events in a previous generation. Some argue Luke thus states that he is getting his information from the disciples and Apostles, which the tradition about Luke being a follower of Paul accords with. Luke however does not say explicitly that he knew or interviewed Jesus' disciples, at least in the Gospel, and so some think "handed down to us" means the traditions and other documents about Jesus that came from witnesses of the previous generation, which Luke carefully researched, not necessarily from someone Luke actually knew. (Brown 227) Sections of Acts however have the author relating events with the author and Paul together, such as 20:5–7, :13–15.
According to Robert J. Karris "Luke alone of the evangelists introduces his work with a finely crafted, periodic Greek sentence." (Brown "et al." 678) The first sentence gives the "since" clause, the main clause is given in the first part of the second sentence, and the purpose clause is given by "so that you may know...". Luke uses the word "epeidēper" to start the book, a literary word that only occurs here in the Greek Bible. He uses "diēgēsis" for "an account", which taken alone seems to mean a personal storytelling, but when compared to other usages at the time, such as with the works of Josephus, is to be taken as meaning a well planned account, although he might use it in the original meaning in Luke 8:39. He uses the word "kathexēs" for orderly account, which would mean a logical, spatial, or chronological account. Karris argues that the use of the word as well in Acts indicated that Luke is composing in a logical sequence, with Luke building a logical argument for his view of God fulfilling his promises through Jesus. (Brown "et al." 678) Many scholars have seen parallels between this style and the openings to the Greek histories of Herodotus and Thucydides as well as scientific manuals and treatises of the Hellenistic world. (Brown 227)
John the Baptist's parents.
Luke begins to show what he thinks of as the fulfillment of God's promises. He gives us a description of John the Baptist's parents, who he claims were Zechariah, an Abijah Priest, and Elizabeth, a descendant of Aaron. They are both getting old and have no children. Luke says this all occurs during the reign of "Herod king of Judea" (5), who almost certainly is Herod the Great. 
Zechariah is on duty one day and goes into the Temple to light incense. During this time, priests served in the temple once a week twice a year, there being twenty four divisions of priests. Luke says "...it so happened...", "kai egeneto", that he was on duty at the time. Some scholars see this as Luke imitating the style of the Septuagint in order to make his book sound like the Jewish scriptures. The majority of modern English translations choose not to include this phrase. (Miller 118) 
The Angel Gabriel appears to him and tells him he will soon have a son, to name him John, and to not allow him any alcoholic drinks, and that "he will be great in the sight of the Lord." (15) Numbers 6:3 has obstaining from alcohol as a requirement to be a nazarite. Zechariah doubts Gabriel and Gabriel takes away his power of speech until this happens. Zechariah leaves the temple, unable to speak, and goes home. Elizabeth is soon pregnant. She says "he has shown his favor and taken away my disgrace among the people. (25)" as infertility was often believed to be proof of disfavor with God. (Miller 119)
Luke thus starts with the Temple and then ends the book at the Temple in Luke 24:53, Zechariah not being able to speak and so complete his liturgy is contrasted with the "good news" brought by Jesus. (Brown "et al." 680)
There is much debate on the historicity of this information, as skeptics would reject appearances by angels and God's intervention in history in this manner. Whether one believes in such things or not, it is entirely possible that John's parents were childless throughout most of their life until John's birth. Some see Luke as taking a historical event or tradition he received and interpreting it in terms of events in the Old Testament. Luke seems to follow an Old Testament pattern in the sequence of his information here, specifically an announcement of impending birth, the child being given a name, and then discussion of their destiny. (Brown "et al." 679) This pattern can be seen in Genesis with Ishmael in 16:11–12 and Isaac in 17:19. Abraham and Sarah were also childless well into their old age. Josiah is announced this way in 1 Kings 13:2, King Solomon in 1 Chronicles 22:9–10, and the Immanuel prediction, used in Matthew 1:23, from Isaiah 7:14–17. Others see a five step pattern, with two extra steps of objections and confirmatory signs. (Brown "et al." 680) Gabriel appeared to Daniel in the Book of Daniel 9:21.
The annunciation.
Luke then tells the story of Gabriel's visit to Mary, informing her that she will soon have a virgin conception by God. This is not found in , which has an unnamed angel appear to Joseph after having discovered Mary is pregnant. Gabriel goes to Nazareth and finds Mary, who Luke tells us is a virgin engaged to Joseph. The name Mary means excellence, while Joseph means "May Yahweh add." (Brown "et al." 680)
Gabriel greets her with the word "kecharitōmenē", meaning favored or graced, presumably by God. She does not seem to understand why she is favored, but Gabriel then tells her: 
This seems to follow the same pattern as the announcement of John's birth and is also about fulfillment of God's promises. Jesus means "God Saves" (Brown "et al." 680) She tells Gabriel she is a virgin but Gabriel says God will give her the child, and thus he will be the Son of God. He then points out how her relative Elizabeth, though old, is now carrying a child, and how "nothing is impossible with God." (37), then he leaves. Luke states Mary is a virgin, and that she is somehow descended from Aaron, but here says Jesus will inherit his "father"'s throne, or David's. In his Genealogy of Jesus in chapter 3 Aaron is not listed as an ancestor is his Davidic line, and so his descent from David seems to be, according to Luke, legal not biological.
In Daniel 9:24-27 Gabriel gives a prophecy about seventy weeks and the "Anointed One". If one adds the 180 days that Elizabeth was pregnant before Mary's conception plus the 270 days of Mary's pregnancy plus the forty days of "purification" in Luke 2:22, one gets 490 days, or seventy weeks. (Brown "et al." 681) Many Christians have seen this as a fulfillment of prophecy, but skeptics tend to counter that Luke could be constructing his story to fit what he sees as fulfillments of prophecy, whether real or not. God's promise of a messiah from the house of David is in 2 Samuel 7.
It is significant that Luke states that Mary lives in Nazareth, a small backwater town. He thus has God's grace bestowed on a young, unmarried woman living in an insignificant town. Luke frequently has favor shown on women, sinners, and various "unimportant" people. (Brown "et al." 681)
Paul never mentions a virgin birth for Jesus, but in Romans 1:3–4 speaks of him as the Son of God by virtue of his resurrection, and states he had a more than human nature. Luke here has Jesus' divine nature declared from the first moment of his conception. (Brown "et al." 680)
Mary and Elizabeth.
Mary then goes and visits her relative Elizabeth. Upon meeting the pregnant Mary, Elizabeth feels John move in her womb and is "filled with the Holy Spirit." (41) This might be related to Genesis 25:22. Elizabeth gives praise to Mary, and Mary, in her Magnificat, gives praise to God. She first thanks God for favoring one so "humble" as her, then praises God for his "mercy" and "help" to all people. Many see the Magnificat patterned on Hannah's prayer in 1 Samuel 2:1–10. (Brown 232)
In verses 51–53 Luke uses the past tense six times, implying Jesus' conception has fulfilled or is fulfilling these actions of God. These verses speak of the downfall of the proud and rich and the favor of the downtrodden. This might be a general statement, or an allusion to Israel and its Gentile rulers. Some have speculated these represent Ebionite views. Mary then mentions Abraham, again linking this with God's original covenant. (Brown "et al." 681) Mary stays for three months and leaves shortly before John's birth. Some find the idea of a young pregnant woman making the trip from Jerusalem to Nazareth improbable, but it is certainly not impossible.
John the Baptist's birth.
Friends and neighbors come to circumcise him and try to name him after his father, but his mother protests and then his father writes down that his name will be John, and is suddenly allowed to speak again. He becomes "...filled with the Holy Spirit...", as his wife before him. He sings a song, the Canticle of Zechariah, praising God. Luke then only states that John grew up and went into the desert. This is the only near contemporary account of John's family found anywhere. Brown saw this as echos of the births of Samson in Judges 13:24–25 and Samuel in 1 Samuel 2:21. (Brown 233) Karris sees relating the circumcision, as Luke also does for Jesus in Luke 2, as Luke's way of linking John and Jesus, and therefore Christianity, to a fulfillment of Israel. (Brown "et al." 682)
The first part of Zechariah's song praises the still unborn Jesus in verses 68–75. He says "He has raised up a horn of salvation for us in the house of his servant David", with a horn representing strength, such as in Psalm 89:17 and 92:10. (Miller 120) There is then a praising and foretelling of John in verses 76–77, then the song switches back to Jesus in 78–79. Raymond E. Brown thought these sections might have been Jewish Christian hymns linked together by Luke. (Brown "et al." 682) It is a common thesis that the Magnificat, the Canticle, and the two songs in chapter 2, the Gloria in Excelsis Deo and the Nunc dimittis, were added by Luke to his original composition from a collection of hymns written in Greek. A minority of scholars think the Magnificat and Canticle might be Jewish hymns taken by the Christians, but Jewish hymns of the period reflect a future hope of God's help whereas these refer to it already having been fulfilled. Another group of scholars, also a minority, argue these were originally composed in Aramaic or Hebrew and so might come from original testimony and so usually argue for these songs' historicity. Scholars often see these as primitive as so probably composed before other songs in the New Testament, such as Philippians 2:6–11. (Brown 232) 
David is mentioned in the first section, once again linking Jesus to fulfillment of Israel's past. The song ends with a note of peace, a common Lukan theme. Peace is the first thing he says to all the gathered Apostles in Luke 24. 
Luke's source for this information is unknown and frequently debated. Even if the Q hypothesis is correct, these stories of John's and Jesus's birth were not in it, nor are they in Mark. Luke does not list anything about an Angel visiting Joseph, which suggests that either Matthew and Luke received their information on this subject from different sources, or Luke has access to both stories, knows Matthew is already circulating, and is filling in the story told in Matthew. If Luke is right, Jesus and John were cousins of some sort.

</doc>
<doc id="2916298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916298" title="University for Foreigners Perugia">
University for Foreigners Perugia

The University for Foreigners Perugia (), established on 1921, is the oldest university oriented towards study by foreign students for the Italian language and culture. The University is located in Perugia, Italy, a city rich in history and culture.
History.
The university was founded in 1921, when the Perugian lawyer Astorre Lupattelli, who dedicated many years working on the project, instituted in his own city the first courses of high culture with the intention of spreading awareness of the Umbrian region and its history, institutions, and artistic and natural beauties in Italy and abroad.
Up to 1926, the courses were held in the halls of the University of Perugia (in Italian, L'Università degli Studi di Perugia), and also in the Sala dei Notari of the Palazzo dei Priori in Perugia.
From 1927 onward, the university had its own premises in the Palazzo Gallenga, in the heart of the city.
The university was founded during the fascist period and can be seen as a historical part of the statewide effort to create institutions whose purpose was to "spread the superior Italian culture around the world." Since then the university has been privatized and has a much simpler mission: to teach high quality Italian language and Italian culture courses to foreign students.
The modern University.
On 17 February 1992, the school became a university in its own right, and takes part in the Italian Faculty of Language and Culture and the Departments of Linguistics and Comparative Culture. In addition to Italian language and culture courses, the university now also offers courses for an undergraduate degree, language certifications, and a master's degree.
It has long been a popular destination for foreign students from around the world to immerse themselves in an Italian city in order to learn the language and culture quickly. Students test into various levels of courses based on the degree of Italian comprehension. Because of the diverse crowd — each class tends to have students from countries all over the world — the lingua franca is Italian and students tend to practise the language much more than in traditional Italian courses taught in their home countries.

</doc>
<doc id="2916305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916305" title="Christian Brothers College, Burwood">
Christian Brothers College, Burwood

Christian Brothers College, Burwood (CBC Burwood) was a Catholic high school located in Burwood, Sydney Australia.
The school was founded in 1909. It was announced on 25 March 2008 that the school would close at the end of 2009, due to a decline in enrolments arising from a change in demographics in the suburbs surrounding the school. At closing, it taught boys from Year 7 to Year 10.
There is the demolition of the school chapel, the school grotto, the lower yard classrooms, and the old wall ball court. But the brothers house will stay up and other buildings.
House Colours.
Christian Brothers' College Burwood's homeroom classes and sport teams are divided by colours, which are nominated by significant names:

</doc>
<doc id="2916306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916306" title="Edwin L. Mechem">
Edwin L. Mechem

Edwin Leard Mechem (July 2, 1912November 27, 2002) was a prominent Republican politician from New Mexico. He served as the 15th, 17th and 19th Governor of New Mexico and represented the state in the United States Senate. Mechem was the first person born in the 20th century to become the state's governor, as well as the first person born in New Mexico after statehood to succeed to the office. He later served as a Federal Judge.
Biography.
Born in Alamogordo, he attended Alamogordo and Las Cruces, NM schools. He attended New Mexico A & M (now New Mexico State University), 1930–31 and 1935. He worked as a land surveyor for the U.S. Reclamation Service in Las Cruces from 1932 to 1935. He transferred his college credits to the University of Arkansas at Fayetteville and graduated in 1939 in law. He was admitted to the New Mexico Bar the same year and practiced in Las Cruces and later Albuquerque. He was an FBI agent from 1942 to 1945 and a member of the New Mexico House of Representatives, 1947-48. He was elected Governor in 1950 and 1952, did not run in 1954, and was elected again in 1956. In 1954 he ran for the U.S. Senate but was defeated by sitting Senator Clinton Presba Anderson.
A member of the Committee on Government Security, 1956–57, and a member of the American Law Institute, he was again elected Governor in 1960. Mechem lost his bid for reelection on November 6, 1962. He arranged his own appointment (as was his prerogative under the Seventeenth Amendment) to the U.S. Senate when long-time senator Dionisio "Dennis" Chavez died later that month. He served until November 1964 and resumed his law practice after an unsuccessful run for reelection. He was a member of the New Mexico Commission on Reorganization of the Executive Branch and a member of the New Mexico State Police Commission.
He voted against the Civil Rights Act of 1964. In 1970 he was appointed by President Richard Nixon as Federal Judge for the U.S. District Court for the District of New Mexico, serving from 1970 to 1982, when he took senior status (1982–2002). He was related to another New Mexican Governor, Merritt C. Mechem who was his uncle. His father, Edwin Mechem, Sr. was a respected judge in Las Cruces.

</doc>
<doc id="2916310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916310" title="Bengo">
Bengo

Bengo may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="2916311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916311" title="Intellibridge">
Intellibridge

Intellibridge was a strategic analysis firm in Washington DC, founded by David Rothkopf in 1999. Senior management at Intellibridge included former Clinton-era National Security Advisor Anthony Lake. Intellibridge's assets (including Homeland Security Monitor) were purchased in 2005 by Eurasia Group, the political risk consultancy.

</doc>
<doc id="2916317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916317" title="Milward L. Simpson">
Milward L. Simpson

Milward Lee Simpson (November 12, 1897June 10, 1993) was an American politician who served as a U.S. Senator and as the 23rd Governor of Wyoming.
Life and career.
Simpson was born in Jackson in Teton County in northwestern Wyoming, the son of Margaret (née Burnett) and William Lee Simpson. He attended the public schools of Wood River, Meeteetse, and Cody. In 1921, he graduated from the University of Wyoming at Laramie in Albany County. While a student at UW, he was both an athlete and a member of the university's debate team. During World War I, Simpson served as a second lieutenant in the infantry, United States Army. From 1921 to 1925, he attended Harvard University Law School. He was admitted to the bar in 1926 and practiced law in Cody until 1955 when he became governor of Wyoming.
Simpson served as a member of the Wyoming House of Representatives from 1926 to 1927. He was a member of the board of trustees of the University of Wyoming in 1939 and president of the board from 1943 to 1954. He was a member of the National Association of Governing Boards of State Universities and Allied Institutions and served as president of the body from 1952 to 1953.
Milward Simpson, Republican, was narrowly elected governor in November 1954. He defeated the Democrat William Jack, 56,275 (50.5 percent) to 55,163 (49.5 percent). Simpson was unseated after a single term in 1958, a heavily Democratic year nationally, after a single term in office by John J. Hickey of Rawlins in Carbon County, 55,070 (48.9 percent) to 52,488 (46.6 percent). He resumed his law practice in 1959.
Simpson won a special election on November 6, 1962, to the United States Senate to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Republican Senator-elect Edwin Keith Thomson in the term ending January 3, 1967; he was not a candidate for Senate reelection in 1966 but was succeeded by outgoing Governor Clifford Hansen of Jackson. Simpson lived in Cody until his death in 1993 at the age of ninety-five.
Along with Barry Goldwater of Arizona, Norris Cotton of New Hampshire, Bourke B. Hickenlooper of Iowa, Edwin Mechem of New Mexico, and John Tower of Texas, Simpson was one of six Republican senators who voted against the Civil Rights Act of 1964. However, as governor he had signed into law Wyoming civil rights measure in 1957 which had abolished racial segregation in his state. 
Simpson and his wife, the former Lorna Kooi, had two sons, both of whom have the middle name "Kooi." The younger son, Alan K. Simpson, served in the Wyoming House from Park County from 1965 to 1977 and in the United States Senate as a Republican from 1979 to 1997. Alan Simpson was the Senate Republican Whip during the early 1990s. An older son, Peter K. Simpson, is a retired historian and administrator at the University of Wyoming who served in the state House from 1981 to 1984 from Sheridan County, where he was then residing while serving as an administrator at Sheridan College. Milward Simpson's grandson, Colin M. Simpson, is a former member of the Wyoming House from Cody who lost a Republican primary for governor in 2010 to Matt Mead of Jackson, a grandson of Clifford Hansen. Mead still holds the office of governor.
As a young man, Milward Simpson played professional baseball in Cody. One of his teammates was the subsequent Lieutenant Governor and Education Superintendent Bill Dodd of Louisiana. They became close friends.

</doc>
<doc id="2916320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916320" title="Moxico">
Moxico

Moxico may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2916328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916328" title="Valea">
Valea

Valea may refer to several entities in Romania:
and to a place in Moldova:
and to:

</doc>
<doc id="2916331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916331" title="Electoral district of Broadwater">
Electoral district of Broadwater

Broadwater is an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of Queensland. It was created at the 1991 redistribution.
The electorate is based on the northern end of the Gold Coast. It includes South Stradbroke Island as well as Labrador, Paradise Point, Runaway Bay and Sanctuary Cove and Coombabah.
Since 2012 the local member has been Verity Barton of the Liberal National Party. 

</doc>
<doc id="2916333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916333" title="Billy Hill (gangster)">
Billy Hill (gangster)

Billy Hill (William Charles Hill) (13.12.1911 – 1984) was one of the foremost perpetrators of organised crime in London from the 1920s through to the 1960s. He was a smuggler, operated protection rackets and used extreme violence. He project managed cash robberies and, in a clever scam, defrauded London High Society of millions at the card tables of John Aspinall's Clermont Club. 
Biography.
Hill was born into a London criminal family and committed his first stabbing at age fourteen. He began as a house burglar in the late 1920s and then specialized in "smash-and-grab" raids targeting furriers and jewellers in the 1930s. During World War II, he moved into the black market, specializing in foods and petrol. He also supplied forged documents for deserting servicemen and was involved in West End protection rackets with fellow gangster Jack Spot.
In the late 1940s, he was charged with burgling a warehouse and fled to South Africa. Following an arrest there for assault, he was extradited to Britain, where he was convicted for the warehouse robbery and served time in prison. This was Billy's last jail term. After his release he met Gypsy Riley, better known as Gyp Hill, who became his common-law wife.
In 1952, he planned the Eastcastle St. postal van robbery netting £287,000 ("2010: £"), and in 1954 he organised a £40,000 bullion heist. No one was ever convicted for these robberies. He also ran smuggling operations from Morocco during this period.
In 1955 Hill wrote his memoir "Boss of Britain's Underworld". In it he described his use of the shiv:
Hill was the mentor to Ronnie and Reggie Kray, advising them in their early criminal careers and relations remained cordial throughout.
Phone Tapping.
In late 1956 Home Secretary Gwilym Lloyd George authorised the tapping of Hill's phone. At the time gang warfare had broken out in London between Hill and erstwhile partner in crime, Jack "Spot" Comer. In 1956, Jack Spot and wife Rita were attacked by Hill's bodyguard, Frankie Fraser, Bobby Warren and at least half a dozen other men. Both Fraser and Warren were given seven years for their acts of violence.
The Bar council approached the police and requested the tapes in order to provide evidence for an investigation of Hill's barrister, Patrick Marrinan's professional conduct. When this use of tapping powers was revealed to Parliament in June 1957, Leader of the Opposition Hugh Gaitskell demanded a full explanation. Butler pledged that it would not be a precedent and that he would consider withdrawing the evidence and asking the Bar council to disregard it. Marrinan was subsequently disbarred and expelled by Lincoln's Inn, but Butler was forced to appoint a committee of Privy Counsellors under Sir Norman Birkett to look into the prerogative power of intercepting telephone communications.
Big Edge.
In the 1960s Hill was busy fleecing aristocrats at card tables. In Douglas Thompson's book "The Hustlers", and the subsequent documentary on Channel 4, "The Real Casino Royale", the club's former financial director John Burke and Hill's associate Bobbie McKew, claimed that John Aspinall worked with Hill to cheat the players at the Clermont Club. Some of the wealthiest people in Britain were swindled out of millions of pounds, thanks to a gambling con known as 'the Big Edge'. 
Marked cards could be discovered too easily; instead the low cards were slightly bent across their width in a small mangle before being repackaged. High cards were slightly bent lengthwise. Hill's Card sharks were introduced to the tables by Aspinall; they could read whether a card was high, low or an unbent zero card (10 to king) thus gaining a 60-40 edge. The final stage involved "skimming" the profits from the table to avoid attention. On the first night of the operation, the tax-free winnings for the house were £14,000, ("2007: £280,000"). According to McKew the 18th Earl of Derby lost £40,000 ("2014: £") in one night. 
John Burke quit in late 1965, a year into the scam. He had been tipped off about an investigation but Aspinall was determined to carry on. However Aspinall no longer had someone to deal with "the dirty end" of the operation. After two years operation the Big Edge was closed. Hill respected Aspinall's decision and the partnership dissolved.
Churchills.
Billy Hill was also involved in property development. He bought for Gyp the biggest nightclub in Tangier, Churchills, which she ran from 1966 until the mid-1970s. Billy retired from crime in the 1970s and died peacefully on 1 January 1984. 
In 1963 Mickey Spillane was playing Mike Hammer in "The Girl Hunters" in London where he met Hill and showed him around the set. When the prop department couldn't find Spillane a real M1911 pistol, Hill brought the producers several real pistols to use in the film.
Billy's only child Justin Hill republished Hill's memoirs in December 2008 with a modern introduction and previously unpublished photographs.

</doc>
<doc id="2916334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916334" title="Russell Davis (defensive tackle)">
Russell Davis (defensive tackle)

Russell Morgan Davis (born March 28, 1975) is a former American football defensive tackle. He was originally drafted by the Chicago Bears in the second round of the 1999 NFL Draft. He played college football at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. The Chicago Bears selected Davis in the second round and 49th overall in the 1999 NFL Draft, and Davis played the 1999 season for the Bears. Davis then played for the Arizona Cardinals form 2000 to 2005, the Seattle Seahawks in 2006, and the New York Giants in 2007 and won the Super Bowl XLII title with the Giants that year.
Early life and college.
Davis graduated in 1994 from E. E. Smith High School in his birthplace of Fayetteville, North Carolina, and Davis was an All-State selection as a two-way lineman. He then attended the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, and played on the North Carolina Tar Heels football team from 1995 to 1998 after redshirting the 1994 season. In 22 games started for North Carolina, Davis had 10.5 sacks and was in the same defensive line as 1998 NFL Draft picks Greg Ellis and Vonnie Holliday.
In his freshman season (1995), Davis had 46 tackles and three sacks in eight starts. In 1996 as a sophomore, Davis had 27 tackles and 2.5 sacks. In 1997 as a junior, Davis had 60 tackles and three sacks in 10 games (with 9 starts). Ellis played only two games as a senior in 1998 due to an ankle injury but had 36 tackles and two sacks for the year.
Professional career.
Chicago Bears (1999).
In the 1999 NFL Draft, the Chicago Bears selected Davis in the second round, 49th overall. As a rookie in 1999, Davis played in 11 games with 8 starts and made 13 tackles and 2 sacks. Davis made his first NFL career sack on September 12, 1999 to Kansas City Chiefs quarterback Elvis Grbac.
Arizona Cardinals (2000–2005).
The Arizona Cardinals acquired Davis off waivers after the Bears cut Davis. Davis made 30 tackles and a forced fumble in 2000 with Arizona in 14 games with 9 starts. Davis' first full season of 16 starts in 16 games was in 2001; he had a career-best 54 tackles on the season, 2 sacks, and deflected a pass. Again in 2002 Davis played and started all 16 games in the regular season. He made 44 tackles, 2 sacks, and 2 passes defended. In 2003, playing and starting 15 games, Davis made 37 tackles, 1 sack, 2 passes defended, and a forced fumble. In 2004, Davis made 49 tackles, 1 sack, 3 passes defended, and 1 forced fumble in 16 games (all starts). After starting the first three games of 2005, Davis spent the rest of the year on injured reserve due to a left biceps injury. Davis made 5 tackles in 2005.
Seattle Seahawks (2006).
In 13 games (no starts), Davis made 30 tackles and 3 sacks with the Seattle Seahawks in 2006.
New York Giants (2007).
In his final NFL season, Davis played 11 games with the New York Giants in 2007. He had 5 tackles and 2 passes deflected. He played two playoff games, and the Giants later won Super Bowl XLII.

</doc>
<doc id="2916335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916335" title="Deterritorialization">
Deterritorialization

Deterritorialization is a concept created by Gilles Deleuze and Félix Guattari in "Anti-Oedipus" (1972), which, in accordance to Deleuze's desire and philosophy, quickly became used by others, for example in anthropology, and transformed in this reappropriation. Deleuze and Guattari encouraged the various use of their concepts - meanings other than those for which they had been created - since they did not believe in the concept of an "original sense" (which may relate to phenomenology). Deleuze said, for example, that the people who had best understood the "Anti-Oedipus" were persons that were neither (university) philosophers nor psychoanalysts. He particularly liked a letter sent to him by an origami-maker, who had seen new inspiration in the book "Le Pli" ("The Fold").
Definition.
The term deterritorialization first occurs in French psychoanalytic theory to refer, broadly, to the fluid and dissipated nature of human subjectivity in contemporary capitalist cultures (Deleuze & Guatarri 1972). Its most common use, however, has been in relation to the process of cultural globalization. Though there are different inflections involved, the general implication that globalization needs to be understood in cultural-spatial terms as much as in institutional or political-economic ones is common to all accounts. In this broad sense, deterritorialization has affinities with the idea of the “disembedding” of social relations in, for example, Anthony Giddens's (1990) analysis of the globalizing properties of modernity.
Moreover, no matter through which side of indorsation or opposition with the research agendas “homogenization of globalization”, there would always have a common research study named “deterritorialization” or “across-boundaries”. However, “deterritorialization” is a word with more fierce and intense than “across-boudnaries” which accordance to neoliberalism discourse that supposed longingly to eliminate the boundaries. Neoliberalism considered that nation-state was the largest obstacle to impede the composition of global single market.
Abstraction.
Deleuze and Guattari use deterritorialization to designate the freeing of labor-power from specific means of production. For example, English peasants were banished by the Enclosure Acts (1709–1869) from common land when it was enclosed for private landlords.
More generally, deterritorialization can describe any process that decontextualizes a set of relations, rendering them virtual and preparing them for more distant actualizations. In "Anti-Oedipus", the obvious parallel example of economic deterritorialization is psychic deterritorialization. Deleuze and Guattari praise Freud for liberating psychic energy with the idea of libido. They criticize him for reterritorializing libido onto the terrain of a specific Oedipal drama.
"A Thousand Plateaus" (1980) distinguishes between relative and an absolute deterritorialization. Relative deterritorialization is always accompanied by reterritorialization, while positive absolute deterritorialization is more alike to the construction of a "plane of immanence", akin to Spinoza's ontological constitution of the world. There is also a negative sort of absolute deterritorialization, for example in the subjectivation process ("the face").
Use in anthropology.
When referring to culture, anthropologists use the term deterritorialized to refer to a weakening of ties between culture and place. This means the removal of cultural subjects and objects from a certain location in space and time. It implies that certain cultural aspects tend to transcend specific territorial boundaries in a world that consists of things fundamentally in motion.
Although this term refers to culture changing, it does not mean that culture is looked at as an evolving process with no anchors. Also, often when one culture is changing, it is because another is being reinserted into a different culture. For example, when a new area of the world gains access to the internet, the community also gains access to every other community that has access to the internet. At that moment the deterritorializing process begins as the local culture is enveloped by the global community. Here, deterritorialization and reterritorialization are seamlessly conjoined; reterritorialization occurring immediately after, as the local community becomes a part of the global culture. This relates to the idea of a globalization of culture. In this process, culture is simultaneously deterritorialized and reterritorialized in different parts of the world as it moves. As cultures are uprooted from certain territories, they gain a special meaning in the new territory which they are taken into.
With Capitalism.
In the context of globalization, some argue deterritorialization is a cultural feature developed by the “mediatization, migration, and commodification which characterize globalized modernity”. This implies that by people working towards closer involvement with the whole of the world, and works towards lessening the gap with one another, one may be widening the gap with what is physically close to them. 
According to the works of Arjun Appadurai, this cultural distancing from the locality, is intensified when people are able to expand and alter their imagination through the mediatization of alien cultural conditions, making this culture of remote origin one of a familiar material. This makes it difficult for a local entity to sustain and retain its own local cultural identity, which also affects the national identity of the region.
Deterritorialization, in general, is one of the central forces of the modern world because it brings laboring populations in to the lower-class sectors and spaces of relatively wealthy societies, while sometimes creating exaggerated and intensified senses of criticism or attachment to politics in the home state. Deterritorialization, whether of Hindus, Sikhs, Palestinians, or Ukrainians, is now at the core of a variety of global fundamentalisms, including Islamic and Hindu fundamentalism. In the Hindu case, for example, it is clear that the overseas movement of Indians has been exploited by a variety of interests both within and outside India to create a complicated network of finances and religious identifications, by which the problem of cultural reproduction for Hindus abroad has become tied to the politics of Hindu fundamentalism at home.
At the same time, deterritorialization creates new markets for film companies, art impressions, and travel agencies, which thrive on the end of the deterritorialized population for contact with its homeland. Naturally, these invented homelands, which constitute the mediascapes of deterritorialized groups, can often become sufficiently fantastic and one-sided that they provide the material for new ideoscapes in which ethnic conflicts can begin to erupt.
Deterritorialization and Reterritorialization.
Deterritorialization and reterritorialization exist simultaneously. In Deleuze and Guattari’s follow-up to Anti-Oedipus, A Thousand Plateaus, they distinguish between relative deterritorialization, which is always accompanied by reterritorialization, and absolute deterritorialization, which gives rise to a plane of immanence. In both forms of deterritorialization, however, the idea of physical territory remains just that, an idea and reference point.
Reterritorialization is when people within a place start to produce an aspect of popular culture themselves, doing so in the context of their local culture and making it their own. A typical example could be Chien-Ming Wang who plays baseball for Major League Baseball but was born in Taiwan. Through the background of Taiwan’s twentieth century baseball history, the ruling class has always considered baseball as the tool of political manipulation. For example, in Japanization during the reign of Japan, Chinization after Kuomintang retreat to Taiwan, and Taiwanization, Taiwan’s society has had an inseparable relationship with baseball. That’s why Chien-Ming Wang became the only consensus of Taiwan, and also deemed a national hero. This kind of phenomenon which the basketball game held in US, but full of Taiwan’s national flag, indeed, it is really an era of globalization. The flow of human being becomes pretty convenience and rapid, no more that the time and space were the barrier, that's how deterritorialization happened. On the other hands, the scene which people hold Taiwan’s national flag high in US expressed that wherever they were, they still belong to their hometown – Taiwan. It is how deterritorialization transfer to reterritorialization.
Besides, since the introduction of the mass media, reterritorialization has become more prevalent. The mass media have expedited the process of deterritorialization and reterritorialization and allowed it to occur at a global level. Communications technology has connected the entire world and, in a sense, created a global culture that encompasses everyone who has access to these communications technologies. Anyone who has the internet is part of this culturally diffused community. Once a local culture is part of the global community the process of deterritorialization and reterritorialization continues as the global culture takes from and feeds to all the communities that take part in it. A pop culture example that comments on global reterritorialization is the song "Californication" by the Red Hot Chili Peppers. The song is about how California's culture influences the world; a trend that is picked up in California will likely be picked up everywhere in the global community. One of the final verses of the song mentions the destruction that takes place during deterritorialization, but how that opens up the opportunity for reterritorialization: “Destruction leads to a very rough road but it also breeds creation, and earthquakes are to a girl's guitar, they're just another good vibration, and tidal waves couldn't save the world from Californication.” These lyrics capture the essence of reterritorialization at a global level. California is, in a sense, a cultural node in the global community; a place where international trends begin. Deterritorialization and reterritorialization are a continuous part of the evolution of the global culture, and the mass media is its catalyst.
Mediatization works as a preferential source of deterritorialization, while it becomes a catalyser of other sources of deterritorialization (migrations, tourism, vast shopping centres, and economical transformations). As Tomlinson points out, mediatization is absolutely omnipresent in everyday contemporary cultural experiences, it therefore appears as clearly decisive in deterritorialized cultural experience. The aforementioned experience implies opening up to the world and amplifying cultural horizons through the globalized mass media. This means that globalization transforms the relation between the places where we live and our cultural activities, experiences and identities. Paradoxically, deterritorialization also includes reterritorialized manifestations, which García Canclini defines as “certain relative, partial territorial relocalizations of old and new symbolic productions”. According to the concept of glocalization proposed by Robertson, deterritorialization and reterritorialization constitute both sides of the same coin of cultural globalization. Deterritorialization speaks of the loss of the “natural” relation between culture and the social and geographic territories, and describes a deep transformation of the link between our everyday cultural experiences and our configuration as preferably local beings. As Giddens argues, “the very tissue of spatial experience alters, conjoining proximity and distance in ways that have few close parallels in prior ages”. Nevertheless, it is very important not to interpret the deterritorialization of localized cultural experiences as an impoverishment of cultural interaction, but as a transformation produced by the impact the growing cultural transnational connections have on the local realm, which means that deterritorialization generates a relativization and a transformation of local cultural experiences, whether it is from the local event itself or by the projection of symbolical shapes from the local event.
Displacement.
Although the process of across-boundaries flow was imbalanced, however, it cannot denied that it has profound influence on politics, economics and also culture no matter from whichever dimensions. Although there were imbalanced power presence in different nation, it is undeniable that, people will gradually realize that in addition to their own lives around are mutually implicated in the distant shore, but also to reconcile the impact between their lives around and the distant side. That is, the flow process of beyond the boundaries not only the representatives of strengthening interdependence, but also representatives that they both have the cognitive of globalization. It formed an easily comprehensive characteristics about “superterritorial” and “transworld”. In other words, the original divide in the territorial boundaries between them have lost some authority, what is the main phenomenon of deterritorialization. Therefore, no matter from what angle to explore globalization, deterritorialization has been a general consensus.
The word “deterritorialization” may have different meanings. Tomlinson had pointed out that many scholars use deterritorialization this vocabulary to explain the process of globalization, however, there were still some scholars prefer the use of related words, such as “delocalization” or “displacement”. It emphasized different point in the use of different terms, but basically we can understand the meaning of these words that is to understand the transformation between local and cultures of the global modernity. In the text of Tomlinson, however, we can found that he use "deterritorialization" to explain the phenomenon instead of using "delocalization". But we can unearth that “deterritorialization” was more focus on liberating the people from the “local”, is a process which no longer just only affected by neighborhood and familiar local, but also deeply influenced by the distant place.
As sociologist Anthony Giddens indicated, the most immediate experience of global modernity, in fact, is we stay in our own familiar environment but feel the feeling of living in different places because of globalization. Say in other words, the local has hardly affected by the distance place, however, under the impact of globalization, distant events made its influence reach into your daily life in the environment, which is the concept of "displacement". Due to the space experiences which were combined with neighboring and distant in people’s daily life, it can be said that globalization has fundamentally changed our concept of the space.
Disjunctive as Alienation.
However, communication technology not only to fill the field of local cultural significance and identity which corroded by deterritorialization, but also to establish global cultural politics. Politics of deterritorialization and the displacement of sociological will lead the struggle between state and nation. One important new feature of global cultural politics, tied to the disjunctive relationships among the various landscapes which proposed by Appadurai, is that state and nation are at each other’s throats, and the hyphen that links them is now less an icon of conjuncture than an index of disjuncture. This disjunctive relationship between nation and state has two levels: at the level of any given nation-state, it means that there is a battle of the imagination, with state and nation seeking to cannibalize one another. Here is the seedbed of brutal separatisms – majoritarianisms that seem to have appeared from nowhere and microidentities that have become political projects within the nation-state. At another level, this disjunctive relationship is deeply entangled with various global disjunctures: ideas of nationhood appear to be steadily increasing in scale and regularly crossing existing state boundaries, sometimes, as with the Kurds, because previous identities stretched across vast national spaces or, as with the Tamils in Sri Lanka, the dormant threads of a transnational diaspora have been activated to ignite the micropolitics of a nation-state.

</doc>
<doc id="2916337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916337" title="Adam Art Gallery">
Adam Art Gallery

The Adam Art Gallery is the purpose-built gallery of Victoria University of Wellington, New Zealand. Located in Wellington, New Zealand's capital city, it is where the Victoria University Art Collection is managed. The original proposal for the Gallery was prepared by Jenny Harper and Christina Barton on 15 July 1997. The building was formally opened 21 September 1999, by Sir Michael Hardie – Boys, Governor General Of New Zealand, and made possible with the benefaction of Denis and Verna Adam, who the gallery is subsequently named after, and Victoria University of Wellington Foundation. 
The gallery was designed by Ian Athfield, who built on top of an existing "Culliford stair". It has an unusual design, being tall and comparatively narrow, a result of the hillside location. This means that there are many gallery spaces, linked with open space. It holds exhibitions, performances, lectures and talks. 
Since opening in 1999, the Adam Art Gallery has presented a programme of exhibitions and events by local and international artists. Highlights over this period include solo projects by Joseph Kosuth (USA), Joseph Grigely (USA), Fernanda Gomes (Brazil), Zhang Huan (China), Destiny Deacon (Australia), Gunther Uecker (Ger), João Maria Gusmão & Pedro Paiva (Portugal), Brett Graham (NZ), Mark Adams (NZ), Gavin Hipkins (NZ), Darcy Lange (NZ), Vivian Lynn (NZ), Billy Apple (UK/US/NZ). Substantial curated shows include Face to Face: Contemporary Art From Taiwan; Play: Recent Video from Australia and New Zealand; Concrete Horizons: Contemporary Art from China; Breaking Ice: Revisioning Antarctica; 40yearsvideoart.de, and The Subject Now. These exhibitions were accompanied by a programme of talks, workshops, forums and lectures. The gallery publishes catalogues to accompany its programme.
The Adam Art Gallery is free.

</doc>
<doc id="2916338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916338" title="Odd, West Virginia">
Odd, West Virginia

Odd is an unincorporated community in Raleigh County, West Virginia, USA. It is located along Tommy Creek.
Name Origin.
According to one story, a group of people gathered at the post office to name the town. Several names were suggested, and to one suggestion, someone in the group responded "That's odd." And so the name of Odd was adopted for the town.
Odd Elementary School was the last wooden school house in use in the state of West Virginia upon its closing in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="2916340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916340" title="Espen Lind">
Espen Lind

Espen Lind (born 13 May 1971) is a Norwegian record producer, songwriter, singer, and multi-instrumentalist. He is one half of the production team Espionage. Espen is set to be a mentor on the Norwegian version of The Voice 2013.
Solo records.
Espen Lind released his first solo album, "Mmm...Prepare To Be Swayed", in 1995 under the moniker, 'Sway'. Only released in Norway, it received mixed reviews and sold approximately 5,000 copies. His commercial breakthrough came in 1997 with the single "When Susannah Cries" which was a hit in several European and Latin American countries, including Norway where it was number one for six weeks. His second album "Red" went on to sell more than 100,000 copies in Norway, and 350,000 copies worldwide, earning Lind three Norwegian Grammy awards (Spellemannsprisen) in 1998, including Artist of the Year.
2000 saw Lind releasing his third album, "This Is Pop Music", and the singles "Black Sunday" and "Life Is Good". The album also contains a duet, "Where the Lost Ones Go," with Norwegian singer Sissel Kyrkjebø. The album reached gold status in Norway but was generally perceived to be a commercial disappointment compared to its predecessor. After a 3 year break Lind released a new single, "Unloved," in December 2004, followed by the album "April", in January 2005.
In 2006 Lind, together with fellow Norwegian artists Kurt Nilsen (World Idol winner), Alejandro Fuentes and Askil Holm released the concert album "Hallelujah Live", featuring songs from the foursome's solo records as well as several songs by other artists, most notably a cover version of Leonard Cohen's "Hallelujah".
Lind released a new single, "Scared Of Heights," in May 2008. His fifth album titled "Army Of One" was released on the 23 June 2008.
In January 2009 he received the award "Årets Spelleman" (artist of the year) at the Norwegian Grammy Awards (Spellemannprisen).
Writing and producing.
During the past few years Espen Lind has done a lot of writing and producing, most notably as co-writer of "Irreplaceable" by Beyoncé and "Drive By" and "Hey, Soul Sister" by Train. Together with writing partner Amund Bjørklund in the production team Espionage he has also written and/or produced songs for artists Lionel Richie, Ne-Yo, Chris Brown and Leona Lewis. Morten Harket covered Lind's "Scared of Heights" for his album Out of My Hands.
Discography.
The following is a discography of albums and singles released by Norwegian music artist Espen Lind.

</doc>
<doc id="2916341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916341" title="Grey-headed albatross">
Grey-headed albatross

The grey-headed albatross ("Thalassarche chrysostoma") also known as the grey-headed mollymawk, is a large seabird from the albatross family. It has a circumpolar distribution, nesting on isolated islands in the Southern Ocean and feeding at high latitudes, further south than any of the other mollymawks. Its name derives from its ashy-grey head, throat and upper neck.
Taxonomy.
Mollymawks are a type of albatross that belong to the Diomedeidae family and come from the Procellariiformes order, along with shearwaters, fulmars, storm petrels, and diving petrels. They share certain identifying features. First, they have nasal passages that attach to the upper bill called naricorns. Although the nostrils on the albatross are on the sides of the bill. The bills of Procellariiformes are also unique in that they are split into between seven and nine horny plates. Finally, they produce a stomach oil made up of wax esters and triglycerides that is stored in the proventriculus. This is used against predators as well as an energy rich food source for chicks and for the adults during their long flights. They also have a salt gland that is situated above the nasal passage and helps desalinate their bodies, due to the high amount of ocean water that they imbibe. It excretes a concentrated brine from the nostrils.
Etymology.
The meaning of the name "chrysostoma" is derived from two Greek words. "Khrusos" means "gold" and "stoma" means "the mouth", in reference to its golden bill.
Description.
The grey-headed albatross averages in length and in wingspan. Weight can range from , with a mean mass of . It has a dark ashy-grey head, throat, and upper neck, and its upper wings, mantle, and tail, are almost black. It has a white rump, underparts, and a white crescent behind its eyes. Its bill is black, with bright yellow upper and lower ridges, that shades to pink-orange at the tip. Its underwings are white with a lot of black on the leading edge and less on the trailing edge. Juveniles have a black bill and head and a darker nape. Its eye crescent is indistinct and its underwing is almost completely dark.
Range and habitat.
Grey-headed albatrosses nest in colonies on several islands in the Southern Ocean, with large colonies on South Georgia in the South Atlantic, and smaller colonies on Islas Diego Ramírez, Kerguelen Islands, Crozet Islands, Marion Island, and Prince Edward Island in the Indian Ocean, Campbell Island and Macquarie Island south of New Zealand, and Chile. While breeding, they will forage for food within or south of the Antarctic Polar Frontal Zone. Birds that roost in the Marion Island area forage for food in the sub-tropical zone. Juveniles or non-breeding adults fly freely throughout all the southern oceans, north to 35°S.
Behaviour.
Feeding.
At sea the grey-headed albatross is highly pelagic, more so than other mollymawks, feeding in the open oceans rather than over the continental shelves. They feed predominantly on squid, taking also some fish, crustacea, carrion, cephalopods, and lampreys. Krill is less important as a food source for this species, reflecting their more pelagic feeding range. They are capable of diving as deep as to chase prey, but do not do so frequently.
Reproduction.
A single egg is laid in a large nest, typically built on steep slopes or cliffs with tussock grass, and incubated for 72 days. Studies at South Georgia's Bird Island have shown that the growing chick is fed of food every 1.2 days, with the chick increasing in weight to around . Chicks then tend to lose weight before fledging, which happens after 141 days. Chick will generally not return to the colony for 6–7 years after fledging, and will not breed for the first time until several years after that. If a pair has managed to successfully raise a chick it will not breed in the following year, taking the year off. During this time spent away from the colony they can cover great distances, often circling the globe several times.
Conservation.
The IUCN classifies this bird as vulnerable due to rapidly declining numbers. It has an occurrence range of and a breeding range of , with a population, estimated in 2004, of 250,000. Estimates place 48,000 pairs at South Georgia Island, 6,200 on Marion Island, 3,000 pairs on Prince Edward Island, 7,800 pairs on Campbell Island, 16,408 pairs in Chile, 84 pairs on Macquarie Island, 5,940 on Crozet Island, and 7,905 on Kerguelen Islands
Populations have been shrinking based on different studies. Bird Island numbers have been reduced 20% to 30% in the last 30 years. Marion Island registered 1.75% reduction per year until 1992 and now appears to be stable. Campbell Island has seen reduction of 79% to 87% since the 1940s. Overall, the trends looks like a 30-40% reduction over 90 years (3 generations). Illegal or unregulated fishing in the Indian Ocean for the Patagonian toothfish, "Dissostichus eleginoides" resulted in 10-20,000 dead albatrosses, mainly this species, in 1997 and 1998. Longline fishing is responsible for other deaths. Finally, possible food loss due to rising ocean temperatures may be affecting this species.
To assist this species, studies are being undertaken at most of the islands. Also, Prince Edward Island is a special nature preserve, and Campbell Island and Macquarie Island are World Heritage Sites .

</doc>
<doc id="2916347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916347" title="Alphonse Dochez">
Alphonse Dochez

Alphonse Raymond Dochez (April 21, 1882 – June 1964) was an American physician and disease researcher. He developed an antitoxin for scarlet fever and definitively established that viruses cause the common cold[http://www.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,848202-2,00.html. He was also the lifelong roommate of Oswald Avery, the physician credited, after his death, with discovering the importance of DNA. Dochez was also a labmate of Martin Henry Dawson, the first person in history to inject penicillin in a human.

</doc>
<doc id="2916357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916357" title="Durnovo">
Durnovo

Durnovo () is a family name of Russian nobility.
Notable Durnovos include:

</doc>
<doc id="2916361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916361" title="Photographic studio">
Photographic studio

A photographic studio is both a workspace and a corporate body. As a workspace it is much like an artist’s studio, but providing space to take, develop, print and duplicate photographs. Photographic training and the display of finished photographs may also be accommodated in a photographic studio. Accordingly, the workspace may possess a darkroom, storage space, a studio proper - where photographs are taken, and a display room, as well as space for other related work.
As a corporate entity, a photographic studio is a business owned and represented by one or more photographers, possibly accompanied by assistants and pupils, who create and sell their own and sometimes others’ photographs.
Since the early years of the 20th century the corporate functions of a photographic studio have increasingly been called a “photographic agency,” leaving the term “photographic studio” to refer almost exclusively to the workspace.
Today many studios have sprung up to serve the ever growing media industry. Some of these studio have a resident photographer others operate mainly as a space fore hire.

</doc>
<doc id="2916363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916363" title="Bie">
Bie

Bie or BIE may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2916366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916366" title="Verification of employment">
Verification of employment

Verification of Employment (VOE) is a process used by banks and mortgage lenders in the United States to review the employment history of a borrower, to determine the borrower's job stability and cross-reference income history with that stated on the Uniform Residential Loan Application (Form 1003). Lenders require complete VOE declaring all positions held for the last two years of employment history.

</doc>
<doc id="2916368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916368" title="MC Einar">
MC Einar

MC Einar was a Danish pioneer rap music group from 1987 to 1990, who released the first Danish language rap album in 1988. They described the Copenhagen youth culture with humorous texts, and attained mainstraim popularity with "Jul, Det' Cool" and "Arh, Dér!". The group was founded 1987 by DJs Nikolaj Peyk and Jan Kabré, rapper Einar Enemark as "MC Einar", and human beatbox Jesper Wildmand. 
Based in Sorgenfri near Copenhagen, Peyk and Kabré had been in the Danish hip hop environment since its birth in the early 1980s. They made several failed attempts at performing Danish language rap starting in 1986, but would not succeed until the inclusion of Enemark in 1987. Enemark was not previously into hip hop, and part of his success was that he did not try to emulate the style of English-language rappers, but had his own unique Danish style instead. The group then signed a record-deal under the name MC Einar. After internal problems, the band disbanded in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="2916369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916369" title="Arthemesia">
Arthemesia

Arthemesia was a Finnish black metal/melodic black metal band active between 1994 and 2010. The band derives their name from "Artemisia absinthium", Latin for wormwood, thought to have many spiritual qualities. Their music mainly concerns a projection of the band's philosophy, namely glorification of the occult and Satanism, but also nature and Shamanism. 
The band was formed in 1994, originally under the name Celestial Agony, by vocalist Valtias Mustatuuli and guitarist Routa, but did not record their first demo until 1998, by which time the band included Jari "Arbaal" Mäenpää (guitar), Jukka-Pekka Miettinen (bass), and Oliver Fokin (drums). The band's first album, "Devs Iratvs" was compiled from several demos they had recorded prior to its release in 2001. A first proper studio album, "ShamaNatahs", was released in 2004. Mäenpää left to form a new band named Wintersun.

</doc>
<doc id="2916371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916371" title="Zion Golan">
Zion Golan

Zion Golan (; ; b. 1955), also known as Tzion Golan, is an Israeli singer of Yemenite Jewish origin.
Background.
Most of Golan's songs are in Judeo-Yemeni Arabic and in the ancient Yemenite dialect of Hebrew. Most of his songs were written and composed in Israel by himself, his mother in law, Naomi Amrani and by other Israeli writers. Some of his songs were written by the famous Rabbi Shalom Shabazi.
Golan has recorded over 22 albums. He records mostly from a studio in his own home.
Personal life.
Golan was born to Yemeni immigrants in Ashkelon, Israel. A modern Orthodox Yemenite Jew, he currently lives with his wife and three children (two girls, one boy) in the Ahuzat Etrog neighborhood of Merkaz Shapira.
In 1974, Tzion joined the Israel Defense Forces as a soloist in the Israel Army Rabbinical choir.
Worldwide reach.
Golan's music is popular outside of Israel, particularly in Yemen, where his family originates. Though the Yemeni government prohibits direct contact with Israel, Golan's records have managed to reach the Yemeni public via the underground, selling around 2,000 records per album release. It has been reported that his songs are known to "blare from cafes and taxis" in Yemen.
According to an interview in Israeli daily "Yedioth Ahronoth", at one point in time Golan was set to give a performance in Yemen, and visas were to be issued by the Jordanian embassy in Tel Aviv, but the concert was canceled because of concerns for Golan's family.
Golan's songs are also sung by contemporary Yemeni singers such as Fadel Al Hamami.
Example of Songs written in Israel.
The following songs were written and composed by Israelis, as mentioned on his album covers:

</doc>
<doc id="2916374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916374" title="Cuanza">
Cuanza

Cuanza may refer to
there are two provinces including the name:
Localities

</doc>
<doc id="2916375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916375" title="Reterritorialization">
Reterritorialization

Reterritorialization is the restructuring of a place or territory that has experienced deterritorialization. Deterritorialization is a term created by Deleuze and Guattari in their philosophical project "Capitalism and Schizophrenia" (1972-1980). They distinguished that relative deterritorialization is always accompanied by reterritorialization. It is the design of the new power. For example, when the Spanish (Hernando Cortez) conquered the Aztecs, and after the Spanish deterritorialized by eliminating the symbols of the Aztecs' beliefs and rituals, the Spanish then reterritorialized by putting up their own beliefs and rituals. This form of propaganda established their takeover of the land. Propaganda is an attempt to reterritorialize by influencing people's ideas through information distributed on a large scale. For example, during World War I, the U.S. put up posters everywhere to encourage young men to join the war.
Use in anthropology.
Reterritorialization is when people within a place start to produce an aspect of popular culture themselves, doing so in the context of their local culture and making it their own. An example would be the Indonesian Hip Hop. Although hip hop and rap grew out of the inner cities of New York and Los Angeles during the 1980s and 1990s, by the time it reached Indonesia through Europe and Central Asia, it had already lost some of its original characteristics. Imported hip hop diffused first to a small group of people in Indonesia; then, Indonesians began to create hip hop music. Although the music was hip hop, the local artists integrated their local culture with the practises of the “foreign” hip hop to create a hybrid that was no longer foreign.
Most current work in human geography uses anthropological definitions of culture and often views the practice associated with popular culture as cultural expressions that may reveal or create aspects of place, space landscape, and identity. The continuous cycles of deterritorialization and reterritorialization through axiomatization makes up one of the basic rhythms of capitalist society. Karl Marx referred to this as the constant revolution of the means of production and uninterrupted disturbances of all social conditions that distinguish the bourgeois era from all the previous. The fundamental mechanism of capital accompanies the process of deterritorialization and reterritorialization. It conjoins deterritorialized resources and appropriates the surplus from their reterritorialized conjunction.
Deterritorialization and reterritorialization presuppose and reinforce the notice of a common essence of desire and labor. This refers to the detachment and reattachment of the energies of production in general of investments of all kinds, whether conventionally considered psychological or economical.
Mass media.
Since the introduction of the mass media, reterritorialization has become more prevalent. The mass media have expedited the process of deterritorialization and reterritorialization and allowed it to occur at a global level. Communications technology has connected the entire world and, in a sense, created a global culture that encompasses everyone who has access to these communications technologies. Anyone who has the internet is part of this culturally diffused community.
Once a local culture is part of the global community the process of deterritorialization and reterritorialization continues as the global culture takes from and feeds to all the communities that take part in it. A pop culture example that comments on global reterritorialization is the song "Californication" by the Red Hot Chili Peppers. The song is about how California's culture influences the world; a trend that is picked up in California will likely be picked up everywhere in the global community. One of the final verses of the song mentions the destruction that takes place during deterritorialization, but how that opens up the opportunity for reterritorialization: “Destruction leads to a very rough road but it also breeds creation, and earthquakes are to a girl's guitar, they're just another good vibration, and tidal waves couldn't save the world from Californication.” These lyrics capture the essence of reterritorialization at a global level. California is, in a sense, a cultural node in the global community; a place where international trends begin. Deterritorialization and reterritorialization are a continuous part of the evolution of the global culture, and the mass media is its catalyst.

</doc>
<doc id="2916377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916377" title="James Wallace Black">
James Wallace Black

James Wallace Black (February 10, 1825 – January 5, 1896), known professionally as J.W. Black, was an early American photographer whose career was marked by experimentation and innovation.
Biography.
He was born on February 10, 1825 in Francestown, New Hampshire.
After trying his luck as a painter in Boston, he turned to photography, beginning as a daguerreotype plate polisher. He soon partnered with John Adams Whipple, a prolific Boston photographer and inventor. Black's photograph of abolitionist John Brown in 1859, the year of his insurrection at Harpers Ferry, is now in the National Portrait Gallery, Smithsonian Institution.
In March 1860, Black took a photograph of poet Walt Whitman when Whitman was in Boston to oversee the typesetting of his 1860 edition of "Leaves of Grass". Black's studio at 173 Washington Street was less than a block from the publishing firm of Thayer and Eldridge, who apparently commissioned the photograph to promote the 1860 edition.
On October 13, 1860, two years after the French photographer Nadar conducted his earliest experiments in balloon flight, Black made the first successful aerial photographs in the United States in collaboration with the balloon navigator Samuel Archer King on King's hot-air balloon, the "Queen of the Air". He photographed Boston from a hot-air balloon at 1,200 feet (8 plates of glass negative; 10 1/16 x 7 15/16 in). One good print resulted, which the photographer entitled "Boston, as the Eagle and the Wild Goose See It." This was the first clear aerial image of a city anywhere.
Almost immediately, aerial photography would be put to use by the Union Army in the American Civil War.
Black later became the authority on the use of the magic lantern, a candlelight-powered projector that was a predecessor of today's slide projectors. By the late 1870s Black's business largely consisted of lantern slide production, including his famous images of the Great Boston Fire of 1872, published a photographic album titled "Ruins of the Great Fire in Boston, November 1872".
He died on January 5, 1896 and was buried in Mount Auburn Cemetery in Cambridge, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="2916383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916383" title="Hōjō Ujiteru">
Hōjō Ujiteru

(1540? – August 10, 1590) was a Japanese samurai, who was the son of Hōjō Ujiyasu and lord of Hachiōji Castle in what is now Tokyo.
Ujiteru commanded a major force at the Battle of Mimasetoge, where he unsuccessfully attempted to prevent Takeda Shingen from withdrawing to his home province of Kai after besieging the Hōjō's core castle at Odawara.
After the Hōjō were defeated in the 1590 Siege of Odawara, Ujiteru was forced to commit seppuku along with his brother Ujimasa.
The grave of Hojo Ujiteru exists in two places: one located in Odawara city and another located at the site of Hachioji castle.

</doc>
<doc id="2916389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916389" title="Copenhagen University Hospital">
Copenhagen University Hospital

Copenhagen University Hospital is a conglomerate of several hospitals in Region Hovedstaden and Region Sjælland in Denmark, together with the faculty of health sciences at the University of Copenhagen.
List of member hospitals.
Steno Diabetes Center is an affiliate member of the University Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="2916390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916390" title="David A. Thomas (software developer)">
David A. Thomas (software developer)

David A. Thomas is a well-known figure in modern software development and object technology. Thomas took undergraduate (1969) and graduate (1976) degrees at the Carleton University, Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, and held a number of software development positions in the ensuing years. Thomas is perhaps best known as the founder and past CEO of Object Technology International, Inc., now IBM OTI Labs. OTI was responsible for initial development of the Eclipse open source IDE and the Visual Age Java development environment.
Thomas is a frequent speaker at development conferences on topics dealing with technology and technology management. As an author and through publication of a number of papers in peer-reviewed journals, Thomas has demonstrated substantial contributions to both the commercial and academic aspects of software development. In 2006 he was recognized as a Distinguished Engineer by the Association for Computing Machinery.

</doc>
<doc id="2916394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916394" title="Purcell School">
Purcell School

The Purcell School for Young Musicians is a specialist music school for children, located in the town of Bushey, south Hertfordshire, England, and is the oldest specialist music school in the UK. The school was awarded the UNESCO Mozart Medal in 2003, which was received on behalf of the school by Prince Charles, who is a patron of the school. Sir Simon Rattle is honorary president of the school. Many of the pupils subsequently study at Royal College of Music or Royal Academy of Music. The Purcell School has the highest fees of any independent school (including Eton College and Harrow School) in the UK: as at November 2009, the annual fees amounted to £29,577. However, most of the students receive significant bursaries/scholarships from the Government's Music and Dance Scheme.
History.
Rosemary Rapaport and Irene Forster founded the school in 1962 under the original name of the Central Tutorial School for Young Musicians, at Conway Hall in central London. The school later moved to Morley College, and subsequently to Hampstead, then a large Victorian house in Harrow on the Hill. The school changed its name to the Purcell School (after the English composer Henry Purcell) in 1973. In 1997, the school relocated to the site of the former Royal Caledonian School campus in Bushey, Hertfordshire.

</doc>
<doc id="2916402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916402" title="Ghost Town DJ's">
Ghost Town DJ's

Ghost Town DJ's was an African-American hip-hop music group who recorded the 1996 hit, "My Boo". The song was influenced by Miami bass and was a big hit on Miami's Y100 and Power 96.

</doc>
<doc id="2916403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916403" title="Derrick Blaylock">
Derrick Blaylock

Derrick Blaylock (born August 23, 1979) is a former American football running back of the National Football League. Blaylock was drafted in the 5th round of the 2001 NFL Draft by the Kansas City Chiefs. Blaylock also played for the New York Jets.
High school career.
Blaylock attended Atlanta High School in Atlanta, Texas, and was a standout in football, track, and basketball. In football, he was a three-time All-District selection. In basketball, he was a second team All-District selection and in track, he placed second on the 100 meter dash at the state Class 3A finals with a time of 10.7 seconds, and set the school record in the 100 meter dash with a time of 10.44 seconds.
Professional career.
Blaylock scored four rushing touchdowns in one game for the Kansas City Chiefs as Priest Holmes' backup on October 24, 2004.
On February 28, 2007, the New York Jets released Blaylock. On May 7, 2007 Blaylock signed a contract with the Washington Redskins, but was cut on September 3, after reaching an injury settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="2916404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916404" title="Retention of vision vanish">
Retention of vision vanish

In the retention of vision vanish, the magician places a coin or small object between the fingers and the thumb of the right hand. The left hand is palm up with the palm slightly tilted towards the audience. The right approaches and displays the object on the left palm for a second or so, held on opposite sides of a diameter. Then the right hand moves away empty as the fingers of the left hand close over the object. After a brief pause the left hand is shown empty and the coin has disappeared. In some versions the right hand can also be seen empty, leaving no clue as to where the coin went.
Originally attributed to Nelson Downs, a famous magician from the late Victorian and Edwardian eras who specialised in coins, the vanish has been improved by Dai Vernon and many other 20th-century magicians who all added variations to improve the original concept that an object displayed for a short length of time leaves an image on the retina that may persist for a further short time after the object has actually disappeared.

</doc>
<doc id="2916422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916422" title="Prosopopoeia">
Prosopopoeia

A prosopopoeia () is a rhetorical device in which a speaker or writer communicates to the audience by speaking as another person or object. The term literally derives from the Greek roots ""prósopon" face, person, and "poiéin" to make, to do".
Prosopopoeiae are used mostly to give another perspective on the action being described. For example, in Cicero's Pro Caelio, Cicero speaks as Appius Claudius Caecus, a stern old man. This serves to give the "ancient" perspective on the actions of the plaintiff. Prosopopoeiae can also be used to take some of the load off the communicator by placing an unfavorable point of view on the shoulders of an imaginary stereotype. The audience's reactions are predisposed to go towards this figment rather than the communicator himself.
This term also refers to a figure of speech in which an animal or inanimate object is ascribed human characteristics or is spoken of in anthropomorphic language. Quintilian writes of the power of this figure of speech to "bring down the gods from heaven, evoke the dead, and give voices to cities and states" ("Institutes of Oratory" ref.). A classic example of this usage can be found in the book of Sirach in the Bible, where Wisdom is personified and made to speak to the people and to the reader: 
Examples:

</doc>
<doc id="2916427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916427" title="Kevin Houser">
Kevin Houser

Kevin J. Houser (born August 23, 1977 in Westlake, Ohio) is a former American football long snapper for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League. He was drafted by the New Orleans Saints in the seventh round of the 2000 NFL Draft. He played college football at Ohio State. He is currently a free agent.
Early years.
Houser attended Westlake High School in Westlake, Ohio, where he played football, basketball, and track. In football, he was a tight end, defensive end, and longsnapper, and ended his career with 38 receptions, and 273 tackles.
College career.
Houser graduated from The Ohio State University with a degree in Finance. During college, he was a four-year letterman for the Ohio State Football team where he played tight-end and long-snapper. He was the third member of his family to play at Ohio State, following father, Tom (1969–72), and brother Bob (1993–96).
Professional career.
New Orleans Saints.
Houser was selected by the New Orleans Saints in the seventh round (228th overall) of the 2000 NFL Draft. As of June 2009, no current player had been with the Saints longer. He was the starting long-snapper and a contributor on punt coverages.
Seattle Seahawks.
The Seattle Seahawks signed Houser on July 23, 2009. He was placed on injured reserve on December 22.
Baltimore Ravens.
On December 29, 2010, Houser was signed by the Baltimore Ravens to immediately replace Morgan Cox, who was placed on injured reserve after their game against the Cleveland Browns on December 26. Houser would take over as the long snapper for the Ravens to take them through their 2010 season.
Personal.
He is married to Kristen Houser and they have two children, daughter Julia, and son Michael. Houser and his wife, Kristen, cofounded the Life's a Snap charity foundation that provides financial assistance and services to establish and maintain programs which benefit children with serious or life-threatening illnesses. According to an 11 June 2013 Washington Post report, Houser is being sued by his former teammate Drew Brees for advising him to invest $160,000 in tax credits that turned out to be bogus. The suit is filed in federal court claims the former long snapper, a licensed securities broker, mishandled Brees money and failed to disclose his own financial interests in the investments he was promoting. Several other Saints players and coaches have also sued Houser (Washington Post, P. D3 11 June 2013).

</doc>
<doc id="2916429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916429" title="Don Potter">
Don Potter

Donald Steele Potter (21 April 1902 – 7 June 2004) was an English sculptor, wood carver, potter and teacher.
Early life.
Don Potter was born in Newington, near Sittingbourne, Kent, the son of a school teacher, and attended a private school. He joined the Wolf Cubs at the age of eight and became a keen participant in the scouting movement.
Career.
Potter developed as a wood carver, producing totem poles, gates and gateways. By the time Potter reached the age of twenty, the head of the Scouts, Baden-Powell himself, realized he was an expert craftsman. Potter camped at Baden-Powell's house at Pax Hill near Bentley, Hampshire and undertook carving commissions for him. He used very old local fallen oaks, said to be 1,200 years old. For the 1929 World Jamboree, Potter designed totem poles for the British Dominions of Australia, Canada, India, South Africa and New Zealand. A granite statue of Baden-Powell by Potter in 1960 is now located in front of Baden-Powell House in London.
As well as wood carving, Potter started to work in stone as well and met Jacob Epstein (who had studied with Auguste Rodin in Paris). In 1931, he approached Eric Gill and asked to study under him. Gill was an engraver, designer of typefaces and sculptor, with carvings in Westminster Cathedral. Initially, Potter was on a six-month trial, but he remained as Gill's pupil for six years.
In addition to being a sculptor, Potter spent his later career as a teacher at Bryanston School in Dorset (1940–1984), responsible for both sculpture and pottery. During World War II, Sir Terence Conran was inspired by him as one of his pupils. Potter continued to undertake commissions during his time as a teacher, including some for the School. For instance, examples of stone carvings undertaken by him in 1991 can be seen at a local church in the village of Durweston.
The porch of Our Lady of Grace & St Teresa of Avila RC Church in Chingford has oak panels depicting animals and fish that Potter carved in 1956.
Personal life.
Potter married in 1945. He and his wife Mary had two children, Anne (born 1947) and Julian (born 1952).

</doc>
<doc id="2916430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916430" title="John Mackintosh Howie">
John Mackintosh Howie

John Mackintosh Howie, CBE, FRSE (23 May 1936 – 26 December 2011), was a Scottish mathematician and prominent semigroup theorist.
Howie was educated at Robert Gordon's College, Aberdeen, the University of Aberdeen
and Balliol College, Oxford.
He won the Keith Prize of the Royal Society of Edinburgh, 1979-81. He is the most recent Regius Professor of Mathematics at the University of St Andrews.

</doc>
<doc id="2916433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916433" title="Chris Gardocki">
Chris Gardocki

Christopher Allen Gardocki (born February 7, 1970) is a former punter in the National Football League. Gardocki played for the Chicago Bears, Indianapolis Colts, Cleveland Browns, and Pittsburgh Steelers from 1991 to 2006. He was a member of the Steelers Super Bowl XL championship team.
Early career.
Gardocki played as the quarterback, kicker, and punter for Redan High School in Stone Mountain, Georgia. He declared for the NFL after his junior year at Clemson University.
NFL.
Through the end of the 2006 NFL regular season, Gardocki holds the NFL record for most consecutive punts (1,177 for his career) with no blocks. Gardocki averaged a career-best 45.7 yards per punt for the Colts in 1996 and was selected for the Pro Bowl. After playing for both AFC North rivals Cleveland and Pittsburgh, Gardocki was released by the Steelers on May 23, 2007, less than a month after the team selected Baylor punter Daniel Sepulveda in the 2007 NFL Draft.
Gardocki is best remembered by some for an incident while playing for the Browns in a 2000 game against the Steelers in Cleveland Browns Stadium. After being tackled by Steelers linebacker Joey Porter following a punt that left Gardocki briefly motionless (Porter would be penalized for roughing the punter), Gardocki flipped the middle finger twice to Steelers head coach Bill Cowher. The incident, caught on live television, resulted in a $5,000 fine for Gardocki.
Personal.
He is married to his wife, Sally, and has a son, Cole . In 1997, his wife Sally, an attorney and author, wrote a book titled "The Wives Room", which provided a behind the scenes look at the life of an NFL wife, both donate time to several non-profit organizations including the Boys and Girls Club and the Taste of the NFL, and have regularly served turkey dinners to area residents during the holidays.

</doc>
<doc id="2916434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916434" title="Czar, West Virginia">
Czar, West Virginia

Czar is an unincorporated community in Randolph County, West Virginia, United States, near the Upshur County line.

</doc>
<doc id="2916442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916442" title="Divine Savior Holy Angels High School">
Divine Savior Holy Angels High School

Divine Savior Holy Angels High School (DSHA) is an all-girls Roman Catholic high school in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. It is in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Milwaukee and sponsored by the Sisters of the Divine Savior.
History.
The school was formed in 1970 with the merger of Divine Savior High School and Holy Angels Academy. Divine Savior High School (DS) was established in 1926 by the Sisters of the Divine Savior as a convent school, but opened its doors to lay students in 1948. In 1951, DS moved to a new building near 100th Street and Capitol Drive. Holy Angels (HA) was founded in 1892 by the Sisters of Charity of the Blessed Virgin Mary at 12th Street and Cedar Street (now Kilbourn Avenue) in Milwaukee.
Demographic and economic pressures in the 1960s led to a merger of the two schools and communities in 1970. Kenneth Grover was the first lay principal of the newly-merged school. Dr. Angela T. Pienkos (DS '58) succeeded him in 1976.
Changes to the school in the past decade include construction of the Marie Esser Hansen (HA '43) Library, a computer laboratory and business computer classroom in 1996, and the Rose A. Monaghan Science Center and lecture hall in 1998. In 2003, the school was dramatically altered with the addition of the Robert and Marie Hansen Family Fine Arts Theatre, the Fridl Family Foyer, the Quad (a new cafeteria donated by Betty Quadracci), a new art suite, and new administrative areas. These physical changes were accompanied by a new strategic plan, revised mission and vision statements, a new logo, and new school uniforms.
Demographics.
In 2010-2011, the school enrolled 658 young women from the Milwaukee area and surrounding counties, drawing from over 115 parochial, private, and public schools throughout southeastern Wisconsin. Non-Catholic student enrollment was 10%. Student of color enrollment was 19%. 
Financial aid and work study grants are available.
Academics.
As a college prep high school, Divine Savior Holy Angels provides honors-level and Advanced Placement courses, as well as electives in visual arts, computer science, physical education, journalism, speech, music, dance, and theater arts. Languages offered are Spanish, French, and Latin. Students are required to complete theology courses all four years, plus overnight retreats and community service. 
The Latin program has achieved success at the Wisconsin Junior Classical League's Latin Convention, with a third-place overall showing in 2005 and first place in the spirit competition.
For the last several years, approximately 99% of the DSHA graduates have pursued post-secondary education. The graduating class of 2008 sent 100% to four-year colleges or universities.
Extra curricular activities.
DSHA performs a large-scale musical in the fall, a winter and spring drama, and a small-scale musical in the summer. 
The high school also has an active student congress, a Model UN, a National Honor Society, foreign exchange programs, and culture and hobby-orientated clubs. The school publishes a monthly newspaper entitled "The Word", a literary magazine, an online magazine entitled "The Story", and an annual yearbook.
As a Catholic school, volunteering in the community is required for students in all four years. There are a variety of service-oriented student clubs, such as the Campus Ministry Council. Students also must attend Mass once or twice a month, and are required to attend retreats.
The following sports are offered at DSHA: basketball, cross country, field hockey, golf, rugby, downhill ski racing, soccer, softball, swimming and diving, tennis, track and field, volleyball, and ice hockey. In the last few years, the DSHA rugby team has won the girls' regional tournament seven times running, as of 2009. The team also won the girls' national competition in 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008 and 2009, making them the defeated champions in the division. 
The school colors are red and yellow.

</doc>
<doc id="2916444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916444" title="Kendall Simmons">
Kendall Simmons

Henry Alexander Kendall Simmons (born March 11, 1979 in Ripley, Mississippi) is a retired American football guard. He was drafted by the Pittsburgh Steelers in the first round of the 2002 NFL Draft. He played college football at Auburn.
He has also been a member of the New England Patriots and Buffalo Bills.
Early years.
Simmons grew up in Ripley, Mississippi. He was a three-year starter at Ripley (Miss.) High, where he was named an All-State and PrepStar All-America selection as a senior defensive lineman after a season when he recorded 70 tackles and four sacks, forced five fumbles and returned one for a touchdown. Simmons was named District Defensive Most Valuable Player and was voted Clarion-Ledger "Top 10" and No. 2 offensive line prospect in Mississippi. He was a Commercial Appeal "Mid-South Top 100" and was chosen to play in the Alabama-Mississippi All-Star Game. He also played baseball and basketball.
Professional career.
Pittsburgh Steelers.
Before the 2003 season, Simmons was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes. 
Simmons started the first two years of his career. After being hurt all of 2004 he came back in 2005, and started all 20 games and won Super Bowl XL with the Steelers. 
Simmons experienced an off-the-field injury during the 2006 NFL season. While rehabbing a heel injury, Simmons suffered a frostbite-like burn to his left foot after he fell asleep with a cooling device attached to his foot. 
On September 3, 2007, Simmons signed a four-year extension with the Steelers, keeping him with the club through the 2010 NFL season.
Simmons suffered a season-ending injury to his Achilles tendon during a Monday Night Football contest against the Baltimore Ravens on September 29, 2008. He was subsequently placed on season-ending injured reserve.
He was released by the Steelers on February 26, 2009.
New England Patriots.
Simmons signed a three-year contract with the New England Patriots on September 6, 2009 and was released on November 6, 2009.
Buffalo Bills.
Simmons was signed by the Buffalo Bills on November 24. On December 18, Simmons was placed on Injured Reserve due to a shoulder injury.
Retirement.
thewareaglereader.com reported about Simmons about his diabeties on September 6, 2011. In that same report, it said he retired. It also said he now resides in Auburn, Alabama. 
References.
2. Simmons out with frostbite-like burn

</doc>
<doc id="2916445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916445" title="Fort Le Boeuf">
Fort Le Boeuf

Fort Le Boeuf, (often referred to as Fort de la Rivière au Bœuf), was a fort established by the French in 1753 on a fork of French Creek, in present-day Waterford, in northwest Pennsylvania. The fort was part of a line that included Fort Presque Isle, Fort Machault, and Fort Duquesne. 
The fort was located about from the shores of Lake Erie, on the banks of LeBoeuf Creek, which the fort was named for. The French portaged trade goods, materiel, and supplies from Lake Erie overland to Fort Le Boeuf. From there they traveled by raft and canoe down French Creek to the Allegheny River, the Ohio and the Mississippi.
History.
Captain Francois Le Mercier began construction on 11 July 1753; Jacques Legardeur de Saint-Pierre took command of the fort on 3 December 1753. This fort was the second in a series of posts that the French built between spring 1753 and summer 1754 to assert their possession of the Ohio Country. These four posts Fort Presque Isle, Fort LeBoeuf, Fort Machault, and Fort Duquesne ran from Lake Erie to the Forks of the Ohio; they represented the last links in France's effort to connect its dominions in Canada with those in the Illinois Country and Louisiana. The English trading post of John Frazier, at Venango at the junction of French Creek and the Allegheny River (where Franklin is now located) was seized and occupied. Leaving a force to garrison the new posts, the French command returned to Canada for the winter.
Fort LeBoeuf (modern Waterford, Pennsylvania) guarded the southern end of the portage road between Lake Erie and French Creek, which ran to the Allegheny River. It served as a French trading post and garrison until 1759, when the fall of Fort Niagara forced the French to abandon the Ohio Country. 
Washington's mission.
Robert Dinwiddie, the governor of Virginia, sent the 21-year-old George Washington to Fort Le Boeuf with seven escorts, in order to deliver a message to the French demanding that they leave the Ohio Country. Dinwiddie's initiative was in response to the French building forts in the Ohio Country. Washington took Christopher Gist along as his guide; during the trip, Gist earned his place in history by saving the young Washington's life on two separate occasions. Washington and Gist arrived at Fort Le Boeuf on 11 December 1753. Jacques Legardeur de Saint-Pierre, commandant at Fort Le Boeuf, a tough veteran of the west, received Washington politely, but contemptuously rejected his blustering ultimatum.
Jacques Legardeur de Saint-Pierre gave Washington three days hospitality at the fort, and then gave Washington a letter for him to deliver to Dinwiddie. The letter ordered the Governor of Virginia to deliver his demand to the Major General of New France in the capital, Quebec City. 
During his stay, Washington noted that the fort had one hundred men, a large number of officers, 50 birch canoes and 70 pine canoes, many unfinished. He described the fort as on a south or west fork of French creek, near the water, and almost surrounded by it. Four houses composed the sides. The bastions were made of piles driven into the ground, standing more than high, and sharpened at the top. Port holes for cannon and loop-holes for small-arms were cut into the bastions. Each bastion mounted eight six-pound cannon and one four-pound cannon guarded the gate. Inside the bastions stood a guard-house, chapel, doctor's lodging and the commander's private stores. Outside the fort were several log barracks, some covered with bark, others with boards. In addition, there were stables, a smithy and other buildings.
War.
The French and Indian War began on 28 May 1754 with the Battle of Great Meadows. Some four years later, on 25 July 1759, the French surrendered Fort Niagara. In August 1759, the commander of Fort Presque Isle sent word to Fort Machault and Fort Le Boeuf to abandon their positions. After the French had complied, the British took possession of their sites. It is unclear whether the French burned down Fort Le Boeuf when they abandoned it. If so, the British rebuilt it.
During Pontiac's Rebellion, on 18 June 1763, a war party of Native Americans burned down Fort Le Boeuf. The survivors escaped to Fort Venango, but it too was burned, so they continued to Fort Pitt.
On 1 August 1794, Major E. Denny reported to Governor Thomas Mifflin from Le Boeuf. He described a fortification with four blockhouses, manned by riflemen. The two rear blockhouses had a six-pound cannon on the second floor, as well as swivel guns over the gates. 
When Judge Vincent settled in Waterford in 1797, he wrote, "There are no remains of the old French fort excepting the traces on the ground..."

</doc>
<doc id="2916447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916447" title="Max Starks">
Max Starks

Maximillian Weisner Starks, IV (born January 10, 1982) is an American football offensive tackle who is currently a free agent. He played college football for the University of Florida. He was drafted by the Pittsburgh Steelers in the third round of the 2004 NFL Draft.
Early years.
Starks was born in Orlando, Florida. He attended Orlando Christian School for sixth to eighth graders, where he played basketball and volleyball for the OCS Knights. As an eighth grader he wore size 15 shoes—when he had a difficult time finding shoes that fit he borrowed shoes from NBA star Shaquille O'Neal, who played at the time for the Orlando Magic For high school, Starks attended Lake Highland Preparatory School, a private prep school in Orlando, where he is the only high school football player in the history of the Highlanders to become a pro athlete. He was one of the state's top offensive linemen in 1999, and was named to Super Prep's, National Bluechips and Prep Star's high school All-America teams, and a "USA Today" honorable mention All-American. He was a two-time all-conference selection in basketball.
College career.
Starks received an athletic scholarship to attend the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, where he played for coach Steve Spurrier and coach Ron Zook's Florida Gators football teams from 2000 to 2003. During his time as a Gator, he won a Southeastern Conference (SEC) championship ring (2000) and blocked for record-setting Gators quarterbacks Rex Grossman (2000–2002) and Chris Leak (2003). As a senior, Starks was a team captain and first-team All-SEC selection.
While he was a Florida undergraduate, Starks was a member of Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity. He graduated from the University of Florida with a bachelor's degree in sociology in 2007.
Professional career.
Pittsburgh Steelers.
Starks is among the largest NFL players, standing at 6'8" and 370 pounds with a size 19 shoe. Four other relatives of Starks have been professional football players. He was drafted in 2004, round three, pick 12, by the Steelers. He became a starter for the first time in the 2005 season for the eventual Super Bowl Champion Pittsburgh Steelers.
Entering the 2007 season, Starks lost his starting job to Willie Colon; however, he played in all 16 games. He also started 4 games at the end of the season at left tackle in place of the injured Marvel Smith. On February 21, 2008, the Pittsburgh Steelers placed the transition tag on Starks. He signed his one-year, $6.85-million tender offer on April 19. He signed another one-year contract with the Steelers following their victory in Super Bowl XLIII.
On June 23, 2009, the Steelers signed Starks to a new four-year, $26.3 million contract. The deal included $10 million in guarantees.
He was released by the Steelers on July 28, 2011, but was later re-signed on October 5, 2011. After the season he worked on the rehabilitation of a knee injury and said he hoped to return to the Steelers for the 2012 season. In July 2012, he announced on Twitter that he had re-signed with the Steelers. Starks started all 16 Steelers games in 2012.
San Diego Chargers.
Starks signed a one-year contract with the San Diego Chargers on May 21, 2013. He was released on August 30, 2013.
St. Louis Rams.
On September 18, 2013, Starks signed a one-year contract with the St. Louis Rams.
He was released on October 1st, 2013.
Personal.
Starks is the son of former professional defensive lineman Ross Browner. Starks discovered he wasn't the biological son of Max Starks, III, when he was in high school. 
Ross Browner, who was a first-round selection in the 1978 NFL Draft by the Cincinnati Bengals, started 36 of 43 games during his career. Browner was a two-time (1976, 1977) All-American defensive lineman at Notre Dame and won the Lombardi and Maxwell Awards. The Browner family as a whole has had more players in the NFL than any other family. Ross's brothers Joey Browner, Jimmy Browner, and Keith Browner all played in the NFL. Starks's cousin, Keith Browner, Jr., plays with the Houston Texans.
Starks appeared in Chunky Soup commercials eating soup with Steelers back-up quarterback Charlie Batch, defensive tackle Casey Hampton and others.
In 2006, he traveled with Seattle Seahawks defensive end Bryce Fisher and Atlanta Falcons defensive end Patrick Kerney on the USO Tour, traveling to United States military bases, a tradition begun by such NFL greats as Frank Gifford and Johnny Unitas. In 2005 Starks visited the USS "Theodore Roosevelt" at sea, along with members of the Cincinnati Bengals coaching staff. 
Starks was heavily involved in the local community at the University of Florida. He served as a tutor in Gainesville, Florida and worked with Kids Against Drugs, Alcohol and Tobacco. Starks also became involved with the charity Cents of Relief which works to prevent human trafficking and allow access to healthcare for vulnerable populations, particularly women of prostitution and their children. He currently serves on the charity's Board of Directors.

</doc>
<doc id="2916451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916451" title="Daily Politics">
Daily Politics

Daily Politics is a British television show launched by the BBC in 2003 and presented by Andrew Neil and Jo Coburn. The programme takes an in-depth look at the daily goings on in Westminster and other areas across Britain and the world, and includes interviews with leading politicians and political commentators.
History.
In 2000, the then BBC Director General Greg Dyke ordered a review of political output from BBC, which was carried out by Fran Unsworth, and led to a major overhaul of political output in 2003. A number of flagship programmes were axed including "On the Record", "Despatch Box" and "Westminster Live" and replaced with a new raft of programmes, including "Daily Politics" and "The Politics Show".
In October 2011 it was announced that from 9 January 2012 "Daily Politics" would be relaunched broadcasting six days a week ("Daily Politics" - Monday to Friday and "Sunday Politics" at the weekends). The duration of "Daily Politics" was extended from 30 to 60 minutes on Mondays, Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Fridays, remaining at 90 minutes on Wednesdays. "Sunday Politics" would become a weekend edition of "Daily Politics" presented by Andrew Neil and replacing "The Politics Show", which ended in December 2011.
"Daily Politics".
"Daily Politics" is broadcast live on weekdays on BBC Two when the House of Commons is sitting. The programme is broadcast at noon and lasts 60 minutes on Mondays, Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays. On Wednesdays the programme lasts for 90 minutes from 11:30am and includes live coverage and analysis of Prime minister's questions. Each show is repeated on BBC Parliament at midnight on the same day, and is available on the BBC iPlayer for seven days. During the party conference season "Daily Politics" has an additional programme to cover the leaders' speeches in the afternoon. The "Daily Politics" team also produces a conference highlights programme called "Today at Conference" which goes out after "Newsnight" on BBC Two. During the 2010 general election, BBC Two ran nine, 45-minute "Daily Politics" election debates. These programmes were presented by Andrew Neil and a specialist BBC correspondent.
There is also a Northern Ireland version of "Daily Politics" broadcast as "Daily Politics from Northern Ireland" to cover Northern Ireland Minister's Questions from Westminster opting out of the national programme for the first half hour before Prime Minister's Questions on a Wednesday and this is usually presented by Connor Bradford.
Presenters.
Daisy Sampson (now McAndrew) was Neil's co-presenter until the summer of 2005 when she left to join ITV. Jenny Scott joined as her replacement; she left in June 2008 to join the Bank of England. Sally Magnusson joined briefly in 2005 as the sole presenter on Friday's episode. Anita Anand joined the programme as Jenny Scott's replacement in September 2008 with Jo Coburn presenting on Thursdays.
Shelagh Fogarty joined the team in January 2010 to co-host with Andrew Neil on Thursdays for three months after Anita Anand began maternity leave, while Jo Coburn took on Anita Anand's role presenting four days a week. At the beginning of April 2010, Jo Coburn went full-time presenting the programme every day. Anita Anand returned on 6 September 2010 and left the programme in July 2011.
When the programme returned on 5 September 2011, it was presented by Andrew Neil on Mondays, Jo Coburn on Fridays, and the two of them together on Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Thursdays. As of January 2012, following the creation of "Sunday Politics", Coburn presents Monday to Thursday and Neil presents Wednesday to Friday, making Wednesdays and Thursdays the only days the programme has two presenters.
The regular reporters are Adam Fleming, Giles Dilnot and David Thompson. Other regular contributors to the show include the BBC's political editor Nick Robinson and his deputy James Landale - who help to review Prime Minister's Questions on Wednesday's extended shows.
"Sunday Politics".
The network part of "Sunday Politics" is presented by Andrew Neil and was launched on 15 January 2012 to replace "The Politics Show".
"Sunday Politics" is divided into a number of clearly defined sections. The programme usually starts with a short interview on a topical subject making the news that day. This section is branded the Top Story. The main programme interview (the Sunday Interview) is introduced by a short graphic and normally lasts between 10 and 15 minutes. The next section is Head to Head which is introduced by a short film and consists of a debate between two people on a political issue in the news that week. At this point the programme opts to 11 English regional segments, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. Each opt-out lasts 23 minutes apart from Scotland (see below). Following the opt-outs the programme returns with a final section called The Week Ahead featuring three political journalists - initially Janan Ganesh ("The Economist"), Isabel Oakeshott ("Sunday Times") and Rowenna Davis ("New Statesman"), although Nicholas Watt ("The Guardian") and Helen Lewis ("New Statesman") replaced Davis and Oakeshott as regular panellists, in September 2012 and April 2013 respectively.
"Sunday Politics" (English regions).
There are 11 English regional segments on "Sunday Politics". Each region follows a similar format consisting of two political figures, normally MPs or MEPs, appearing for the whole 23 minutes. In addition each regional segment has topical interviews and discussions, short films and a review of the political week in 60 seconds.
"Sunday Politics Scotland".
"Sunday Politics Scotland" is presented by Gordon Brewer or Andrew Kerr, and forms part of the "Sunday Politics" programme. Viewers in Scotland see the first 37 minutes of the network programme (Top Story, Sunday Interview, and Head to Head) with Andrew Neil before opting to 38 minutes of analysis of the big political stories in Scotland.
"Sunday Politics Wales".
The Welsh segment of "Sunday Politics" lasts 23 minutes and forms part of the overall "Sunday Politics" programme. It follows a similar format to the English regional opts with two political figures appearing for the whole 23 minutes and a weekly round up of the political week in 60 seconds.
"Sunday Politics Northern Ireland".
The Northern Ireland segment of "Sunday Politics" normally lasts 23 minutes and forms part of the overall "Sunday Politics" programme but sometimes covers election debates and occasionally expands to fill the whole "Sunday Politics" slot in Northern Ireland. In 2012 BBC NI put all its politics shows under the one production team so "Stormont Today", "The View" and "Sunday Politics Northern Ireland" are all presented by Mark Carruthers, who moved from Good Morning Ulster to be the face of politics on BBC NI, replacing Noel Thompson, who occupies Carruthers' former slot on Radio Ulster. Tara Mills hosts when Carruthers is unavailable. The Northern Ireland segment used to be repeated after the late night news on Sunday evenings usually at 10.30pm on BBC One NI but from 2012 this has moved to BBC Two NI at the same time as Match of the Day 2 is on BBC One.
"Daily Politics" election debates.
During the run up to the 2010 General Election "Daily Politics" held a series of special editions of the programme featuring debates involving members of the incumbent Labour Cabinet and their Conservative and Liberal Democrat equivalents. These debates ran alongside the main leaders' debates held for the first time in 2010. Starting on Monday 19 April, there were nine debates held on Mondays, Tuesdays and Wednesdays for the three weeks before 6 May. Andrew Neil acted as moderator, along with a specialist BBC correspondent.
"Politics Europe".
This was launched on 14 September 2012 to replace "The Record Europe" and airs on BBC Parliament and BBC World News in Europe. The presenter is Andrew Neil.
Competition.
Every Wednesday the programme features an email competition where viewers answer a question for the chance to win a coveted "Daily Politics" mug. This competition was suspended as per BBC policy in the wake of the "Blue Peter" phone-in scandal. The competition returned in 2008 with entries picked out of a giant-sized "Daily Politics" mug instead of a normal mug (after initially using a "Daily Politics" bucket). Neither the enlarged mug nor the "Daily Politics" bucket have yet been made available as a prize. The design of the mug changed in September 2008, after a relaunch of the programme. A new electronic method for choosing the winner was introduced in April 2012.
Production.
"Daily Politics" is produced at the BBC's Millbank studios across the road from the Palace of Westminster but despite this convenient location it is not unknown for MPs and guests to arrive late for their interviews; a social gaffe which Andrew Neil frequently reminds them of on subsequent appearances. However on 17 May 2011 when the programme was re-scheduled to an earlier slot of 11:30 Neil himself was caught in traffic and missed the entire programme, which had to be introduced solo by Anita Anand with an empty chair alongside her.

</doc>
<doc id="2916456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916456" title="Trai Essex">
Trai Essex

Trai Jamar Essex (born December 5, 1982) is an American football offensive guard who most recently played for the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League. He is an offensive lineman who played for seven seasons with the Pittsburgh Steelers during which time the team won two Super Bowls.
Early years.
Essex grew up in Fort Wayne, Indiana where he attended Paul Harding High School and lettered in football and basketball. In football, he was a standout tight end. He played in the first ever U.S. Army All-American Bowl (a high school football national all-star game) on December 30, 2000.
In basketball, he was a member of the 2001 class 2A Indiana boys high school championship team. His 14 rebounds ties for 3rd best ever in the class 2A championship game. Essex was an All-Conference honoree as a junior.
College years.
Essex attended Northwestern University where he majored in African-American studies and was a letterman in football. He started every game as a true freshman at tight end, catching three passes for 24 yards and a touchdown. He was named to the Big Ten All-Freshman team by The Sporting News magazine. He was moved from tight end to offensive tackle prior to his sophomore season and started 37 consecutive games at left tackle for the Wildcats in his final three seasons. He was named to ESPN's All-Bowl team following his performance in the 2003 Motor City Bowl.
Professional career.
Essex was selected in the third round of the 2005 NFL Draft by the Pittsburgh Steelers. He signed a $1.385 million three-year contract which included a $460,000 signing bonus. After being held out of action through the first nine games of his rookie season, he started at left tackle in four games in place of an injured Marvel Smith. The Steelers' 2005 season ended with a victory in Super Bowl XL.
Essex did not make a start in the next two seasons, though he did suit up for 18 games. After the 2007 season he signed a restricted free agent tender which bound him to the team through for just over $900,000.
Essex's fifth career start came when he again subbed for Smith at left tackle in a on January 5, 2008, which was a narrow loss to the Jacksonville Jaguars.
Essex showed promise in with strong performances in place of starting right guard Darnell Stapleton against the Chicago Bears and Minnesota Vikings. Once again the team finished the season as Super Bowl champions, making Essex one of 21 players who were members of both of the Steelers' championship teams in the 2000s.
Following the Steelers' victory in Super Bowl XLIII, Essex signed a $1.92 million, two-year contract with the team, which included a $500,000 signing bonus. Before re-signing with Pittsburgh he fielded offers from the New York Jets and Tennessee Titans but was persuaded to return to the Steelers when he received assurances from the team that he would be given the opportunity to win a starting spot.
Essex started at right guard for the entire 2009 season. He picked up where he left off in as the starting right guard. However, he was sidelined in the second game of the year with a high-ankle sprain. He eventually returned as the starter at right guard, but was replaced by Ramon Foster after getting three more starts. The Steelers once again earned a trip to the Super Bowl XLV where they fell to the Green Bay Packers.
Essex was an unrestricted free agent following the 2010 NFL season. He was unable to sign a new contract due to the 2011 NFL lockout which canceled normal off-season team activities. During the lockout, Essex ballooned to 380 pounds, fifty pounds over his playing weight. Team personnel saw Essex at quarterback Ben Roethlisberger's wedding in July 2011, and were hesitant to extend a contract or invite Essex to training camp due to his lack of conditioning. The team eventually re-signed him toward the end of camp at Roethlisberger's urging after Essex had worked on his own to bring his weight under control. He said at the time that he had lost an amount equivalent to the weight of "a couple newborn babies." He was signed for the veteran minimum of $810,000.
Essex's "position flexibility" (i.e. the ability to play more than one role on the team) was key to his re-signing and was pressed to new heights in the 2011 season during which he played at all five offensive line positions. He played a good portion of the team's third game at right tackle when the starter, rookie Marcus Gilbert, was injured. He started the team's next game at left tackle in place of Jonathan Scott, who had also been injured in week three. He spent some time over the next few weeks at left guard because of yet more injuries. In week 13 he spent significant time at left guard and started at that position in week 15.
When backup center Doug Legursky (who was starting due to an injury to Maurkice Pouncey) was injured early in the team's against the St. Louis Rams Essex was forced to play center for the first time in his career. The Steelers shut out the Rams 27–0 in that game and coach Mike Tomlin presented Essex with a game ball as recognition of the magnitude of his contributions.
Essex was released by the Steelers at the end of the 2012 training camp.

</doc>
<doc id="2916458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916458" title="Electoral districts of Queensland">
Electoral districts of Queensland

This is a list of current and former electoral divisions for the Legislative Assembly of Queensland, the state legislature for Queensland, Australia.
History.
1859–1864.
The separation of Queensland as a separate colony in 1859 lead to the establishment of an initial 16 electoral districts, returning 26 members (that is, some elected multiple representatives, number of members in parentheses):
Members elected during this period:
1864–1872.
In 1864, the Additional Members Act created six more electoral districts, each with 1 member, resulting in the following set of electorates (number of members in parentheses):
This made a total of 22 electorates with 32 members.
Members elected for this period:
1872–1878.
The "Electoral Districts Act (1872)" resulted in 42 one-member electorates for the 1873 election, while in 1875 the "Cook District Representation Act" added the Electoral district of Cook.
Four electorates were renamed:
Two electorates were abolished:
Twenty-two new electorates were introduced at the 1873 elections (by the 1872 Act) plus Cook in 1876, resulting in the following set of electorates (number of members shown in parentheses) :
So 22 electorates with 2 abolished and 22 introduced resulted in 42 electorates each returning 1 member (1873) and 43 electorates each returning 1 member (1876).
Members elected during this period:
1878–1900.
Districts redistributed or renamed 1878 to 1900
1901–1949.
Districts redistributed or renamed between 1901 and 1949
1950–2009.
Districts redistributed or renamed between 1950 and 2009

</doc>
<doc id="2916479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916479" title="German Air Force Regiment">
German Air Force Regiment

The German Air Force Regiment () is a ground based branch of the German Air Force ("Luftwaffe").
Organisation and current role.
The purpose of the regiment is ground based defence of air force bases and installations, as well as capturing and securing enemy air installations. It is divided into four battalions ("Objektschutzbataillone"). Each battalion, except for an inactive one, consists of a number of "Staffeln" (squadrons), equivalent to an infantry company.
The two active battalions are structured based on the specialty of the unit. 
History.
Previously the German Air Force had an "Objektschutz" (Force Protection) force in each "Fliegerhorstgruppe" (Air Base group) to protect the air base, as well as an "Objektschutzbataillon". However due to structural changes in the "Bundeswehr", all previous forces have been united to one regiment, the "Objektschutzregiment". Thus on July 1st 2006, the "Objektschutzbataillone" were dissolved and instead the new Objektschutzregiment "Friesland" was founded. The "Objektschutzregiment "Friesland"" then comprised all former battalions (3 active and 1 inactive).
In 2006 and 2007 the 3. Sqn was deployed to Mazari Sharif, Afghanistan, as part of the German ISAF contingent.
Restructuring.
Due to restructuring of the German armed forces, it was announced in October 2011 that the Kerpen barracks of II Batallion would be closed.
The entire regiment was restructured on 1 April 2014. The NBC assetts were transferred to the Joint Support Service while Explosive Ordnance Disposal tasks were handed over to the army. The close-range air defence role was transferred to Flugabwehrraketengeschwader 1. A new squadron for mission logistics was set up in the II Batallion at Schortens. The combat engineers from Diepholz will be combined in a new Force Protection squadron in Schortens.
History of the honorary name.
Official History from the German Air Force: On April 26 1988 the "Jagdbombergeschwader" 38 (Fighter/bomber Wing 38) received the name extension "Friesland". Then time Minister of Defence Dr. Manfred Wörner gave the Squadron its name. In his speech, he said 'This name will show the connection and the good relationship between the Squadron and the public'. After the Jagdbombergeschwader 38 was decommissioned on 31 August 2005, it was Sven Ambrosy's, County Official for Friesland, wish that this tradition of cohesion be continued by the "Objektschutzregiment der Luftwaffe".

</doc>
<doc id="2916480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916480" title="Deuteragonist">
Deuteragonist

In literature, the deuteragonist (from , "deuteragōnistḗs", second actor) is the second most important character, after the protagonist and before the tritagonist. The deuteragonist may switch from being with or against the protagonist depending on the deuteragonist's own conflict/plot.
History.
Greek drama began with simply one actor, the protagonist, and a chorus of dancers. The playwright Aeschylus introduced the deuteragonist; Aristotle says in his "Poetics":
Aeschylus' efforts brought the dialogue and interaction between characters to the forefront and set the stage for other playwrights of the era, like Sophocles and Euripides, to produce many iconic plays.
Drama.
Because Ancient Greek drama involved only three actors (the protagonist, deuteragonist, and tritagonist) plus the chorus, each actor often played several parts. For instance, in Sophocles' "Oedipus Rex", the protagonist would be Oedipus, who is on stage in most acts, the deuteragonist would be Jocasta (Oedipus' mother and wife), as well as the Shepherd and Messenger. This would be because Jocasta is certainly a major role—acting opposite Oedipus many times and occupying a central part of the story—and because the Shepherd and Messenger are onstage when Jocasta is offstage.
Literature.
Literarily, the deuteragonist often assumes the role of "sidekick" to the protagonist. In Mark Twain's "The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn", the protagonist is Huck and the deuteragonist, his constant companion, is Jim. In this story the tritagonist would be Tom Sawyer. Conversely, the deuteragonist could also be a particularly visible antagonist, normally whom the actual antagonist hides behind. In some cases, the deuteragonist is a sidekick who is also used as a foil for the protagonist, in order to more greatly enhance the powers or strengths of the main character. Dr. John Watson, for example, in the Sherlock Holmes series by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle is an educated and intelligent gentleman of professional standing, and yet his own intelligence is of too rigid a stance to embrace fully the kind of possibilities of which the more maverick Sherlock Holmes is capable.

</doc>
<doc id="2916482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916482" title="Alexander Alexandrovich Makarov">
Alexander Alexandrovich Makarov

Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Makarov (1857–1919) was an Imperial Russian Politician. 
Life.
After graduating from the University of Saint Petersburg, he entered the Ministry of Justice. He rose to the position of Public Prosecutor, and eventually Chairman of a District Court. In 1906, he was appointed Chairman of the Kharkov Court of Appeals. In 1906, he was appointed Assistant Minister of the Interior in charge of the Police under Stolypin until he was appointed Imperial Secretary in 1909. He was appointed Minister of the Interior in 1911 after Stolypin's assassination on the recommendation of Kokovstsov. He left the position of Minister in December 1912 after the Lena Minefields incident and disagreements over regulation of the press about a sexual connection between Grigori Rasputin and the Tsarina.
Makarov received an appointment to the State Council where he was aligned with the political right wing parties. He was briefly appointed Minister of Justice in July 1916, a post he lost in December, hindering the investigation as he had given Felix Yusupov permission to leave the city.
After the February Revolution he was arrested on March 1, 1917 released and re-arrested in October 1917. He was executed by the Cheka in a Moscow prison in 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="2916487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916487" title="Law of the Dominican Republic">
Law of the Dominican Republic

Dominican law theorists make a fundamental distinction between primary sources of law, which can give rise to binding legal norms, and secondary sources, sometimes called authorities. The primary sources are enacted law and custom, with the former overwhelmingly more important. Sometimes, “general principles of law” are also considered a primary source. Authorities may have weight when primary sources are absent, unclear, or incomplete, but they are never binding, and they are neither necessary nor sufficient as the basis for a judicial decision. Case law and the writings of legal scholars are as such secondary sources.
Primary sources of law included enacted law, custom, and general principles. Enacted law includes legal rules adopted by the legislature, the executive and administrative agencies. The various types of enacted law form a hierarchy with the constitution at the pinnacle, followed by legislation, then by executive decrees, then by administrative regulations, and finally by local ordinances. Account must also be taken of the increasing importance of international treaties and conventions. Parliamentary legislation, including the Civil and Commercial codes, is today the principal source of law in the Dominican Republic. 
While custom is technically considered a primary source of law, in practice custom is more often than not routinely dismissed as of slight importance. As might be expected, custom (in the form of trade usage) plays a greater role in commercial law than it does in civil law generally.
It is sometimes said that “general principles”, derived either from norms of positive law or from the existence of the legal order itself, are a primary source of law. They are characterized as such by some French and Dominican scholars in discussions of the judicial doctrine of abuse of rights and the expansion of the notion of unjust enrichment.
Authorities, or secondary sources of law, include case law ("jurisprudencia") and doctrine. While case law is plays an enormous role in the everyday operation of the Dominican law system, because of the necessity to interpret and apply the “written” law, its legal use is mainly limited to deciding particular cases. Judicial pronouncements are not binding on lower courts in subsequent cases, nor are they binding on the same or coordinate courts. As a practical matter, however, it is generally recognized in the Dominican law system that judges do and should take into consideration prior decisions, especially when the settled case law shows that a line of cases has developed. Dominican judicial decisions have "de facto" weight in order to provide reasonable certainty and predictability; to meet the elementary demand of fairness that like cases be treated alike; and the related, but distinct, consideration that justice should not only be done, but should appear to have been done. Dominican courts commonly accept French case law as a source of law whenever the legal texts of the Dominican Republic and France are the same.
The writings of legal scholars (doctrina), like the court decisions, are considered authorities in the Dominican law system. The role of doctrine is, however, quite different from that of the case law. While case law authority operates to settle the law and to assure a degree of consistency within a judicial hierarchy, scholarly writing exerts its greatest direct influence when the law is unsettled or when there is no established law on a point. Thus, the doctrine indirectly controls, to a great extent, the judges’ understanding of the case law. The weight attached by judges to doctrinal writing varies according to a number of circumstances, including the reputation of the author and whether the view expressed is an isolated one or represents the consensus of the most respected writers. In general, it can be said that Dominican judges pay close attention to scholarly opinions (from Dominican as well as French sources), as expressed in general and specialized treatises, commentaries on the codes, monographs, law review articles and case notes, and expert opinions rendered in connection with litigation. Persistent doctrinal criticisms will often prompt re-examination of a holding, and will sometimes even lead to the abandonment of an established judicial position.
Dominican commercial law.
Dominican law has given a commercial nature to all acts, operations or activities carried out by business organizations. Therefore, in considering the applicable law in the generality of cases involving corporations in the Dominican Republic first priority is given the basic principles contained in the Dominican Commercial Code enacted on the July 4, 1882.
Dominican Commercial Law, whose direct and main source is the Commercial Code, has as subsidiary sources, the Civil Code and the trade customs. Many consider that Article 18 of the Dominican Commercial Code is the text that legitimates the Civil Law as an important source of the Commercial Law. However, there are important stipulations of the Civil Code that evidence the interdependence of both texts, as for example Article 1107 of the Civil Code comes to show .
The legitimacy of trade customs as a subsidiary source of the Dominican Commercial Law can be derived from several articles of the Dominican Civil Code such as articles 1135, 1159 and 1160 .

</doc>
<doc id="2916488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916488" title="Chris Hope">
Chris Hope

Christopher Pierre Hope (born September 29, 1980) is an American football safety who is currently a free agent. He played college football for Florida State University. He was drafted by the Pittsburgh Steelers in the third round of the 2002 NFL Draft, and has also played for the Tennessee Titans and Atlanta Falcons.
High school career.
Hope was a "USA Today" All-USA first-team and "Parade" All-American selection as a senior at Rock Hill High School. During his High School Career Chris Hope recorded 114 tackles and three interceptions as a defensive back while rushing for 1319 yards and 20 touchdowns as a running back. He totaled 464 tackles, 10 interceptions and four fumble recoveries during his four-year varsity career and established a school record as he started 55-straight games during his star-studded prep career. 
Ranked as No. 1 defensive back prospect in the nation by Prep Star and rated No. 3 defensive back and No. 50 overall prospect in America by National Recruiting Advisor, he was a member of Atlanta Journal-Constitution Super Southern 1000. Selected to Orlando Sentinel All-Southern team. Rated as No. 1 defensive back recruit nationally by Tampa Tribune and ranked as sixth-best recruit nationally by St. Petersburg Times. Recorded 114 tackles and three interceptions as defensive back while rushing for 1,319 yards and 20 touchdowns as running back.
College career.
While attending Florida State University, Hope played for the Florida State Seminoles football team. In 1998, freshman year at FSU, he played in every game at free safety, recording 34 tackles, with a pair of pass deflections, a fumble recovery, and a forced fumble. In 1999, Sophomore year, he played in every game, starting the final six contests at free safety recording 41 tackles, with two stops for losses of 4 yards, and a forced fumble. He also tied for the team lead with four interceptions for 17 yards in returns. In 2000, Junior year, Chris Hope started all year at free safety. He was fourth on the team with 83 tackles, including five stops for losses of 10 yards, intercepted two passes and deflected eight others, recovered and caused a fumble. In 2001, Senior year, Chris Hope started every game at free safety. He recorded 76 tackles with nine pass deflections and three interceptions.
Professional career.
Pittsburgh Steelers.
Chris Hope was drafted in the third round number 94th overall by the Pittsburgh Steelers for the 2002 season. He started out the 2002 season on special teams and became a strong special teams player. In an October 27 game against the Baltimore Ravens he caused a fumble on a second quarter kickoff that led to a touchdown. He got to play his first extensive game on November 24, 2002, against Cincinnati due to injuries in the Steelers secondary picking up three tackles and one special teams tackle. The 2003 season was not much different from his first. Chris Hope played mainly special teams. In an October 26, 2003, game against St. Louis he delivered a crushing block to free Antwaan Randle El to return a punt 84 yards. In 2004 Chris Hope became the starting free safety for the Pittsburgh Steelers. Chris Hope would pick up 58 tackles forcing one fumble, four pass deflections, and intercept one pass with a return of 41 yards. In 2005 Chris Hope would once again start as Free Safety for the Pittsburgh Steelers. He had 69 tackles forcing one fumble, and he picked off 3 passes with a total of 60 return yards. Chris Hope was one of the many who helped the Pittsburgh Steelers reach and win Super Bowl XL. 
Tennessee Titans.
Shortly thereafter, Hope signed a six-year contract with the Tennessee Titans. In his first year, he led the team with five interceptions and 128 tackles. In a 2007 game against Cincinnati, Hope suffered a spinal cord injury that ended his season. He underwent surgery in the offseason and has been a full participant at the Titans minicamp.
Atlanta Falcons.
On June 29, 2012 Hope signed with the Atlanta Falcons. Hope made his mark with special teams leading with team tackles.
Detroit Lions.
Chris Hope was signed by the Detroit Lions on June 24, 2013. With the signing Chris Hope has reunited with head coach Jim Schwartz. Hope was coached by Schwartz in Tennessee, where he earned a pro bowl spot in 2008.
On August 25, 2013, Hope was released by the Detroit Lions.

</doc>
<doc id="2916492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916492" title="Ike Taylor">
Ike Taylor

Ivan "Ike" Taylor (born May 5, 1980) is an American football cornerback for the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League (NFL). He was drafted by the Steelers in the fourth round of the 2003 NFL Draft. He played college football at Louisiana-Lafayette. 
Early life.
Ike was born in Gretna, Louisiana, which is located just across the Mississippi river from New Orleans. As a child, he moved with his mother, Cora, to Raleigh, North Carolina, but he returned to Louisiana as a seventh-grader to live with his uncle and aunt, Herman and Judy Francois, in Harvey, Louisiana. He attended Marion Abramson Senior High School in New Orleans where he played football and basketball. In high school he played running back, defensive end, cornerback and placekicker.
College career.
Taylor attended college at the University of Louisiana at Lafayette where he majored in psychology, but he was academically ineligible to play football his first two years. He joined the football team as a walk on in 2001, earning a scholarship prior to the season. In his first season he played tailback and special teams and returned kicks.
Prior to his senior season, Taylor asked to be moved to cornerback. He started the season at the right cornerback spot and recorded 46 tackles, eight passes defensed and two forced fumbles. In four games, he did not allow an opponent to catch a ball. Among his college teammates was Charles Tillman who was drafted by the Chicago Bears.
Professional career.
Despite his inexperience and lack of consistent play in college, the Pittsburgh Steelers selected Taylor in the fourth round (125th overall) in the 2003 NFL Draft. The selection was made based primarily on Taylor's rare combination of size and speed — leading up to the draft, he was timed as fast as 4.38 seconds in the 40-yard dash. However, most NFL coaches and general managers still failed to see his potential.
In his first two years in the league, Taylor was used primarily on special teams, though he saw spot duty at defensive back. In his third season () Taylor moved into the starting lineup at left cornerback. He started 15 regular season games and all four of the team's playoff games, including Super Bowl XL. During the he had a key interception in the second quarter of the . The turnover led to a touchdown which opened a 24–3 lead en route to a 34–17 win over the Denver Broncos. In the Super Bowl, Taylor recorded a team high seven tackles and also had two passes defensed and a crucial interception at the Steelers five-yard line which helped the Steelers to secure a 21–10 victory over the Seattle Seahawks.
Taylor was rewarded for his performance prior to the 2006 season with a contract extension valued at $22.5 million over four years (with $6.4 million guaranteed). The contract made Taylor the highest paid cornerback in franchise history and would tie him to the Steelers through .
Taylor's play regressed in and he was stripped of his starting role after game 10; he was not re-inserted into the starting lineup until the final game of the season, and then only due to an injury to Deshea Townsend. He re-committed himself in the off-season and regained his spot at left cornerback for under the new regime of head coach Mike Tomlin, who replaced Bill Cowher. In a first round loss to the Jacksonville Jaguars in the , Taylor recorded his third consecutive post-season game with an interception, which set a team record.
Taylor won the NFL's Defensive Player of the Week award for his performance against the Seahawks in the fifth week of . In the game he had six solo tackles, three passes defensed and a goal-line interception to halt a Seahawks drive at the end of the first half. He started all 16 regular season games that season. The following year, he would help defeat the Arizona Cardinals in Super Bowl XLIII to earn his second Super Bowl ring.
In the final week of the season, Taylor made a helmet-to-helmet tackle on Miami Dolphins quarterback Pat White which rendered White temporarily unable to move. White had to be carted off the field, but he did not appear to sustain any long-term damage from the hit.
The primary knock against Taylor's skill-set is that does not catch enough interceptions — he's never recorded more than three in a season. He's worked with the team's receivers to address this deficiency since at least the team's 2008 training camp. However, he's yet to show much improvement, recording just 7 interceptions since 2008.
Taylor is currently under contract through the 2014 season, fulfilling a 4-year deal worth $28 million.
Personal.
Taylor makes his off-season home in his native New Orleans. He trains with Tom Shaw in his Speed, Power, Agility, Reaction and Quickness (SPARQ) Training Program, primarily at Disney's Wide World of Sports Complex in Orlando, Florida.
Each summer since 2005 Taylor has run the FaceMeIke Football Camp in New Orleans for local youth.

</doc>
<doc id="2916495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916495" title="Fanrock, West Virginia">
Fanrock, West Virginia

Fanrock is an unincorporated community in Wyoming County, West Virginia, United States, along Indian Creek.
Fanrock was home to one of the most unusual airports in the United States. Swope Farm Airfield was a private airfield on a hillside of W.O. Swope's farm. It had a slope of 11% and it was sharply curved at the high end. It was only 1250 feet long, which made takeoffs and landings extremely difficult. The airfield has fallen into disuse in recent years.

</doc>
<doc id="2916500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916500" title="Electoral district of Bulimba">
Electoral district of Bulimba

Bulimba is an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of Queensland.
The electorate covers the inner eastern suburbs of Brisbane. It is bounded on the north and the west by the Brisbane River and, as at the 2009 election, covers the suburbs of Bulimba, Balmoral, Cannon Hill, Hawthorne, Morningside, Norman Park, Murrarie and Seven Hills. The boundaries have changed relatively little since 1923; prior to that, the boundaries extended as far east as Wynnum and as far south-east as Mount Gravatt and Cleveland.
History.
Bulimba has existed continuously since the 1873 election, originally covering most of the outer south-east of Brisbane.
Since the 1923 redistribution, Bulimba has strongly supported Labor. The Australian Labor Party (ALP) held the seat on all but six terms and, of those, 3 were held by an independent Labor candidate and one by a member of the Queensland Labor Party.
In the 1929 Queensland state election Bulimba returned Queensland's first woman Member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly (MLA), Irene Longman of the Country and Progressive National Party, for one term.
Although ALP candidate Robert Gardner was elected in Bulimba in the 1950 Queensland state election, the close result caused close scrutiny of the votes and revealed that fraudulent votes had been cast in Gardner's favour. The election was ruled void, but Gardner himself was cleared of any involvement in the fraud. The scandal and the investigations into the fraud continued for many months. Finally, a by-election was held in Bulimba on Saturday 14 April 1951 (almost 12 months after the original election) with the ballot boxes under police guard. Gardner won the by-election by a narrow margin.
Prior to the 1957 Queensland state election, the sitting ALP member Robert Gardner and 21 other Labor MLAs left the ALP to form the Queensland Labor Party (QLP). Gardner won the seat in the 1957 election as a member of the QLP but was defeated in the 1960 Queensland state election.
Jack Houston, a member of the ALP, represented the seat from 1966 to 1974 and was the state's Opposition Leader during that period.
In the 2012 Queensland state election, Liberal National candidate Aaron Dillaway was elected.

</doc>
<doc id="2916503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916503" title="Deshea Townsend">
Deshea Townsend

Trevor Deshea Townsend (born September 8, 1975) is a former cornerback in the National Football League, and is currently the cornerbacks coach at Mississippi State University. Formerly he served as an assistant defensive backs coach for the Arizona Cardinals and most recently a player for the Indianapolis Colts. He played college football for the Alabama Crimson Tide and was selected by the Steelers in the fourth round (117th overall) in the 1998 NFL Draft.
Early years.
A native of Batesville, Mississippi, Deshea played high school football for the South Panola Tigers, where he was the teammate of fellow future Alabama Crimson Tide star Dwayne Rudd. Townsend played quarterback at South Panola and led the team to the 1993 Mississippi State 5A championship and an undefeated 15-0 record.
College career.
Along with Rudd, Townsend continued his career in college at the University of Alabama where both became members of the Theta Delta Chapter of the Phi Beta Sigma fraternity, in 1995. He majored in business management.
Professional career.
A twelve year veteran of the Pittsburgh Steelers, Townsend grew from a special teams player and nickel back (and initially known in Pittsburgh as the player to wear Rod Woodson's number 26 after he left the Steelers) into a solid starter for the Steelers at cornerback. Townsend is known for his outside speed as a pass rusher. Townsend has recorded 322 tackles, 15.5 quarterback sacks, and 18 interceptions during his ten years as a Steeler. He also had a key sack on Seattle quarterback Matt Hasselbeck during the final minutes of Super Bowl XL, which helped secure the Steelers eventual victory. He was re-signed by the Steelers as an unrestricted free agent in March 2006.
During the 2008 season, Townsend accepted the reduced role from starting cornerback to the nickel package.
In August 2010, Townsend joined the Indianapolis Colts. On 9 November 2010, he was waived by the Colts. For the season, Townsend played in all eight Colts games to that date (no starts) with 10 tackles and no interceptions or sacks.
Deshea resides in Starkville, MS and is married with three kids.
Coaching career.
In February 2011, Townsend was hired as assistant defensive backs coach of the Arizona Cardinals, joining former coach Ray Horton.
In January 2013, Townsend was hired as cornerbacks coach at Mississippi State University.
Heroin incident.
Police seized 1500 heroin bricks in a house owned by Townsend in June 2014. Townsend was not suspected to be involved. 

</doc>
<doc id="2916504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916504" title="Zweites Buch">
Zweites Buch

The Zweites Buch (, "Second Book") is an unedited transcript of Adolf Hitler's thoughts on foreign policy written in 1928; it was written after "Mein Kampf" and was not published in his lifetime. The "Zweites Buch" was not published in 1928 because "Mein Kampf" did not sell well at that time and the editor, Franz Eher Nachf, told Hitler that a second book would hinder sales even more.
Contents.
The arrangement of chapters is as follows:
"Zweites Buch" and "Mein Kampf".
There are a number of similarities and differences between "Zweites Buch" and "Mein Kampf". As in "Mein Kampf", Hitler declared that the Jews were his eternal and most dangerous opponents. As in "Mein Kampf", Hitler outlined what the German historian Andreas Hillgruber has called his "Stufenplan" ("stage-by-stage plan"). Hitler himself never used the term "Stufenplan", which was coined by Hillgruber in his 1965 book "Hitlers Strategie". Briefly, the "Stufenplan" called for three stages. In the first stage, there would be a massive military build-up, the overthrow of the "shackles" of the Treaty of Versailles, and the forming of alliances with Fascist Italy and the British Empire. The second stage would be a series of fast, "lightning wars" in conjunction with Italy and Britain against France and whichever of her allies in Eastern Europe—such as Czechoslovakia, Poland, Romania and Yugoslavia—chose to stand by her. The third stage would be a war to obliterate what Hitler considered to be the "Judeo-Bolshevik" regime in the Soviet Union.
In contrast to "Mein Kampf", in "Zweites Buch" Hitler added a fourth stage to the "Stufenplan". He insinuated that in the far future a struggle for world domination might take place between the United States and a European alliance comprising a "new association of nations, consisting of individual states with high national value". "Zweites Buch" also offers a different perspective on the U.S. than that outlined in "Mein Kampf". In the latter, Hitler declared that Germany's most dangerous opponent on the international scene was the Soviet Union; in "Zweites Buch", Hitler declared that for immediate purposes, the Soviet Union was still the most dangerous opponent, but that in the long-term, the most dangerous potential opponent was the U.S.
Ideas on international relations.
Of all Germany's potential enemies, Hitler ranked the U.S. as the most dangerous. By contrast, Hitler saw the UK as a fellow "Aryan" power that in exchange for Germany's renunciation of naval and colonial ambitions would ally itself with Germany. France, in Hitler's opinion, was rapidly "Negroizing" itself. In regard to the Soviet Union, Hitler dismissed the Russian people as being Slavic "Untermenschen" ("sub-humans") incapable of intelligent thought. Hitler consequently believed that the Russian people were ruled over by what he regarded as a gang of bloodthirsty but inept Jewish revolutionaries. By contrast, the majority of Americans were in Hitler's view "Aryans", albeit Aryans ruled by what Hitler saw as a Jewish plutocracy. In Hitler's point of view, it was this combination of "Aryan" might, coupled with a more competent "Jewish rule" which made the U.S. so dangerous.
United Kingdom.
In "Zweites Buch", Hitler called for an Anglo-German alliance based on political expediency as well as the notion that the two Germanic powers were natural allies. In "Zweites Buch", Hitler tried to explain away the contradiction between his view of the British striving for a balance of power leading to an Anglo-German alliance, and his goal of Germany being the dominant continental power by arguing it was wrong to believe that "England fought every hegemonic power immediately", but rather was prepared to accept dominant states whose aims were "obviously and purely continental in nature". Hitler went on to write that "Of course no one in Britain will conclude an alliance for the good of Germany, but only in the furtherance of British interests." Nonetheless, because Hitler believed that there was an ongoing struggle between the "Jewish invasion" against "old British tradition" for the control of Britain, Hitler believed the chances for Anglo-German alliance to be good provided the "Jewish invasion" was resisted successfully. Hitler hedged somewhat, however, by claiming that
The instincts of Anglo-Saxondom are still so sharp and alive that one cannot speak of a complete victory of Jewry, but rather, in part the latter is still forced to adjust its interests to those of the English. If the Jew were to triumph in England, English interests would recede into the background... if the Briton triumphs then a shift of England's attitude "vis-à-vis" Germany can still take place."

</doc>
<doc id="2916512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916512" title="Lee Hoi-chang">
Lee Hoi-chang

Lee Hoi-chang (; born June 2, 1935) is a South Korean politician. A Catholic, He was a presidential candidate in the 15th, the 16th and the 17th Presidential Elections of South Korea. He was born to an elite family in Seoheung, Hwanghae (part of what is now North Korea), but grew up in the south after his father, a public prosecutor, was appointed to a new post.
Like his father, Lee studied law at Seoul National University and became a judge at the age of 25. He became the country's youngest-ever Supreme Court judge at the age of 46. Lee was nicknamed "Bamboo", a Korean term for an upright person of principle.
Political career.
In 1988 Lee was appointed chief of the National Election Commission and in 1993 he headed the Board of Audit and Inspection under President Kim Young-sam. Subsequently he was appointed prime minister the same year, but resigned after a few months, frustrated at the lack of real power in the mainly ceremonial position. 
In 1996 he led the parliamentary campaign of the then-ruling New Korea Party (NKP), which merged with another party to become the current Grand National Party (GNP) in 1997. Lee was elected as his party's presidential candidate for the presidential election scheduled for that same year. Although at the outset he seemed destined for victory, Lee ultimately lost to Kim Dae-jung in the midst of Asian economic crisis. 
Lee again campaigned to win the presidency in 2002. Although corruption scandals marred the incumbent government, Lee, unable to cope with his opponent's youthful and vigorous campaign strategy, lost this time to Roh Moo-hyun, Kim Dae-jung's successor. Lee subsequently announced his retirement from politics.
Lee's platform for both elections was consistent with the basic tenets of South Korean conservatism which included a tough stance toward North Korea, market-oriented and pro-business economic policies, and cracking down on illegal strikes. Lee and his party repeatedly criticized Kim Dae-jung's "sunshine policy" and insisted that financial aid to North Korea be cut off until nuclear weapon program was dismantled.
On November 7, 2007, Lee officially announced his third campaign for the South Korean presidency as an unaligned candidate after quitting the GNP. He ran against GNP candidate Lee Myung-bak, UNDP contender Chung Dong-young, and Moon Kook-hyun. Lee's presidential bid posed a concern to the conservatives who were eager to regain the presidency after a decade of leftist rule, as it was feared Lee's candidacy would divide the conservative vote. However, Lee came third, with 15% of the vote, and the GNP candidate Lee Myung-bak was elected.
After his 2007 election bid, Lee founded the Liberty Forward Party.

</doc>
<doc id="2916517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916517" title="Foch, West Virginia">
Foch, West Virginia

Foch is an unincorporated community in Boone County in the U.S. state of West Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="2916521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916521" title="New Zealand Association of Rationalists and Humanists">
New Zealand Association of Rationalists and Humanists

New Zealand Association of Rationalists and Humanists (or NZARH) is an organisation, established in 1927 in New Zealand for the promotion of rationalism and secular humanism.
The principal aims are stated as:
NZARH is an associate member of the International Humanist and Ethical Union.
IHEU's Minimum statement on Humanism.
All member organisations of the IHEU are required by IHEU bylaw 5.1 to accept [http://www.iheu.org/bylaws] the IHEU Minimum statement on Humanism:

</doc>
<doc id="2916526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916526" title="Battle of the Cosmin Forest">
Battle of the Cosmin Forest

The Battle of the Cosmin Forest (1497) (; ) was fought between the Moldavian Prince, Ștefan cel Mare ("Stephen the Great"), and King John I of Poland ("John Albert") of the Kingdom of Poland. The battle took place in northern Moldavia, about 50 km north of the-then capital of Suceava (), in the hills between Adâncata (nowadays Hlyboka), situated in the valley of the Siret River, and Cernăuți (nowadays Chernivtsi), situated in the valley of the Prut River, and resulted in a major victory for Moldavia.
It was part of the Polish-Ottoman War (1485–1503).
Reasons for the war.
After the Moldavian loss of Chilia and Cetatea Albă, the Ottoman threat seemed more evident. John Albert was suzerain of Moldavia, and, when Ștefan asked him for military assistance, they met, in 1494 at the conference of Levoča, where together with King Ladislaus II of Hungary and Elector Johann Cicero of Brandenburg, they forged plans for an expedition against the Porte. The objective was to recapture Chilia and Cetatea Albă. However, in unexplained circumstances, Ștefan received reports from Hungary that John Albert prepared to place his own brother, the Polish prince Sigismund (later king, as Sigismund I the Old), on the Moldavian throne.
Battle.
By 1497 John Albert managed to gather 80,000 men and was preparing for the expedition when Ștefan invaded Galicia and pillaged it. The plans for the Ottoman invasion were put aside and John Albert went against Moldavia instead.
The campaign started on the wrong foot, with John Albert entering Moldavia at Hotin and - despite sound advice to the contrary - deciding not to take the fortress, but to go straight for the capital city of Suceava. Later, this would prove a fatal mistake: by this time Stephen's scorched earth tactics were already common knowledge, as he had used it successfully several times before against the Hungarians and the Ottomans; yet John Albert failed to secure his communication lines with Poland. Supply from home proved impossible and the Poles were forced to live off an already depleted land.
After the abortive siege of Suceava (September 26 - October 16) - with the taking of the recently rebuilt and reinforced fortress nowhere in sight (despite having used heavy siege artillery on its walls), and facing famine, disease, bad weather plus the prospect of coming winter - John Albert was compelled to lift the siege. After some negotiations, the Poles left Suceava on October 19; apparently Stephen had granted them safe passage "on the condition that they return to Poland on the same way they had taken when marching on Suceava" and warning that he will not allow another part of his country to be devastated by the Polish troops in their retreat.
John Albert formally accepted this condition; however, in practice, he decided to retreat on a different and unfamiliar route through Bukovina to Sniatyn, instead of taking the route to Camenița through Hotin, knowing fully well that abiding by Stephen's condition would have spelled death for the exhausted and starved Polish troops, as they already had devastated that region on their way to Suceava, in an attempt to keep the army supplied.
Breaking the arrangement previously agreed upon proved to be the fateful mistake that Stephen was waiting for all along: on October 26 he ambushed the Poles while they were marching on a narrow road passing through a thickly wooded area known as "The Cosmin Forest". Thus, John Albert was unable to deploy his forces, rendering the Polish heavy cavalry completely useless. The several phases of battle lasted for three days, with Stephen routing the invading army, which was forced to flee in disarray, harassed all the way by the forces of the prince. At the same time a Moldavian contingent intercepted on October 29 a hastily assembled Polish relief force and completely annihilated it at Lențești.
However, once back in open space, the Poles were able again to take advantage of their heavy cavalry, and that part of the remaining troops which managed to retain a measure of order and discipline succeeded in crossing back into Poland - despite a Stephen's last effort to engage the remnants of the king's army in a battle of annihilation when they were trying to ford the Prut river at Cernăuți.

</doc>
<doc id="2916529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916529" title="Ramya Krishnan">
Ramya Krishnan

Ramya Krishnan (born 15 September 1967 in Chennai) is an Indian film actress. She has acted in over 200 films in five languages: Telugu, Tamil, Kannada, Malayalam and Hindi.
Early life and background.
Ramya Krishnan was born in 1967 in Chennai. She is the niece of veteran Tamil comedian Cho Ramaswamy. She received initial training in Bharathanatyam, Western and Kuchipudi dance forms and has given many stage performances.
Film career.
Ramya started her acting career at the age of 13 and has an acting career spanning over 30 years. She first played the lead role in "Vellai Manasu", a Tamil film opposite Y. G. Mahendra. She was studying in 9th standard when she acted in that film.
She is most noted for roles of the Goddess in Tamil and Telugu films, notably "Ammoru" ("Amman" in Tamil), Raja Kaliamman, " Sree Raja Rajaeshwari", "Annai Kaligambal", "Kutty Pisasu" and "Madurai Meenatchi". One of her earliest movie roles was in the Kannada film "Krishna Rukmini" which has been followed with "Gadibidi Ganda", "Mangalyam Thanthunanaena" and "Raktha Kanneeru".
Her role in Rajinikanth’s "Padayappa", in which she played the villainous Neelambari opposite Rajni won accolades from all over. "Padayappa" (1999) was also released in Japan, Singapore, London and Paris. After "Padayappa" she acted in "Panchathantiram" opposite Kamal Hassan, "Paattali" and "Paarai" with Sarathkumar, "Vaanjinathan" with Vijaykanth, "Budget Pathmanaban" and "Aayiram Poi Solli" with Prabhu, and "Asathal" with Satyaraj. She appeared in item numbers for the movies "Rhythm" and "Kuthu" and in Hindi films such as "Khalnayak" and "Dayavan".
Ramya's first Telugu film was "Bhalae Mithrulu". She achieved fame through Kasinadhuni Viswanath’s "Sutradharulu", released in 1987. She emerged as one of the leading actresses in the Telugu industry alongside Radha, Banupriya, Vijayashanti, Meena and Soundarya during 80s and 90s. She has been paired with leading actors such as N. T. Rama Rao, Akkineni Nageswara Rao, Krishna, Mohan Babu, Chiranjeevi, Nagarjuna, Venkatesh, Balakrishna, Jagapati Babu, Rajendra Prasad, Srikanth, Rajasekhar, Junior NTR, and Mahesh Babu.She did a villaneous role in Chaahat opposite Shahrukh Khan. She bagged two prestigious Nandi Awards from the Government of Andhra Pradesh and a National Award from the Indian Government as well. She won the Special Jury award for her performance in Dasari Narayana Rao's film Kante Koothurne Kanu from the Andhra Pradesh state government.
Her biggest Kannada hits include Gadibidi Ganda and Mangalyam Thanthunanaena with V. Ravichandran and Raktha Kanneeru with Upendra.
She has also acted in more than 25 Malayalam movies with superstars like Mohanlal, Mammootty, and Jayaram. She had won rave reviews for her role in the Malayalam film ‘Ore Kadal’, released in 2007.
She has performed in some stage shows in New York, Dallas, San Jose, and Cincinnati. She started a company in the name of her son Ritwik. She is now hosting the entertainment show "Zara Masti Zara Dhoom".
She was a judge in a dancing show on STAR Vijay: "Jodi Number One", season 1, followed by season 5.
She played lead role in several SunTV serials such as Thangam, Rajakumari and Vamsam.
Personal life.
She married Telugu film director Krishna Vamsi on 12 June 2003 and has since settled in Chennai. They have a son named Ritwik.
References.
http://www.southdreamz.com/2010/09/ramya-krishnan-turns-amman-again.html

</doc>
<doc id="2916533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916533" title="Fonzo, West Virginia">
Fonzo, West Virginia

Fonzo is an unincorporated community in Ritchie County, West Virginia, United States. Fonzo was established in 1901.

</doc>
<doc id="2916551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916551" title="Simon Yeo">
Simon Yeo

Simon John Yeo (born 10 October 1973 in Stockport, England) is an English former professional footballer who played as a forward from 1997 to 2011.
Yeo a former member of the Royal Army is most well known for his time at Lincoln City, where he spent two spells with the club between 2002 and 2006. Yeo was part of the side managed by Keith Alexander that were defeated in the League Two play-off final several times. Before his spells at Sincil Bank Yeo had played in Northern Ireland for Ards and Coleraine at non-league level for Curzon Ashton, Hyde United and Atherton Collieries. In 2005 he left Lincoln for the first time after he was scouted by newly formed A-League side New Zealand Knights and became one of the clubs marquee signings. His stay was only brief and he had returned to Lincoln only months later. In 2006 he followed Keith Alexander firstly to Peterborough United and later Chester City, Bury and Macclesfield Town. In 2009 he returned to non-league football by joining Conference North side Droylsden before later joining Harrogate Town and New Mills. In 2011 he retired from competitive football but following the sudden death of Alexander who was then manager of Macclesfield, he re-signed for the club. Yeo went back into retirement a few months later.
Since retiring Yeo has continued to keep close links with Lincoln City and has appeared in several charity games.
Army career.
After leaving school, Yeo began a two-year YTS as a carpet fitter before, in May 1992, joining the army with the 22nd (Cheshire) Regiment. His army career included tours of Bosnia and Northern Ireland.
Football career.
After leaving the army, he supplemented his semi-professional football career with numerous jobs such as working on building sites, making toilet seats and being a postman in his home town of Stockport. Whilst serving out his final army days in Northern Ireland, his football career began in earnest. Whilst based at Clogher he played for Fivemiletown United, being part of the team who lost the 1995 Mulhern Cup Final, a competition organised by the Fermanagh & Western FA, to Enniskillen Rangers. He joined Ards in September 1997, signing a twelve month deal and scoring three times in seven league and cup games before his contract was cancelled to allow him to return home to England to join Curzon Ashton in October 1997. However, he quickly returned to Irish football, joining Coleraine the following month. This move proved controversial with the then Ards manager Roy Coyle claiming that Yeo had stitched him up though Yeo argued that that was not the case and, having scored four goals in four games for Curzon Ashton, he was contacted by Coleraine who offered to fly him in from Manchester for their games.
He remained with Coleraine for the remainder of the 1997–98 season, scoring a total of six goals in 22 appearances, before joining the then Northern Premier League Premier Division side Hyde United. In September 1998 he joined Atherton Collieries on loan, scoring five goals in three games before being sidelined by an ankle ligament injury. Recalled to Hyde, he marked his Northern Premier League debut by scoring both goals in the 2–2 draw with Leigh RMI on 4 December 1998. He would go on to score 111 goals in a total of 169 league and cup appearances for them before joining Lincoln City in May 2002.
Yeo enjoyed two spells with Lincoln City separated by a period playing for the New Zealand Knights in the newly formed A-League. Yeo severed his contract with the Knights because of personal issues. He is something of a cult hero in Lincoln because of his vital goals at the end of the 2002–03 season. He came off the bench to score against Torquay United to put the Lincoln into the Division Three playoffs. Yeo again came to Lincoln's rescue in the playoff semi-final first leg against Scunthorpe United. With the scores tied at 3–3 with 20 minutes remaining Yeo again came off the bench to score 2 goals which put Lincoln firmly in the driving seat. Yeo scored again in the away leg to send them to the final at the Millennium Stadium, which they lost.
Yeo then joined Peterborough for the season of 2006–07 Then he joined Chester City for an undisclosed fee in January 2007, making his debut in a 1–0 win at Accrington Stanley. He was a regular in the starting line-up for the remainder of the season but has tended to be on the bench in the 2007–08 season. On 3 January 2008, he moved to Bury in a long-term loan deal. However, he failed to start a game for the Shakers and he was released by Chester at the end of the season.
On 23 May 2008 it was announced that he would be joining up with his former Manager Keith Alexander once again as he signed with Macclesfield Town, and after one season with Macclesfield, on 5 May 2009 Yeo announced his retirement from football. However, it was later revealed that he joined non-league side Droylsden.
In December 2009, Yeo linked up with his one-time Lincoln City teammate Simon Weaver at Harrogate Town, making his debut for the club in the 1–1 FA Trophy 1st Round tie at Gateshead on 12 December 2009. He made a total of eleven appearances for the club, nine in the Football Conference North, scoring a solitary goal in the 2–0 victory at Vauxhall Motors on 16 February 2010 before signing for New Mills in April 2010. He marked his debut for the Millers by scoring once in a 5–0 North West Counties Football League Premier Division away victory over Alsager Town on 3 April 2010.
On 19 January 2011, he came out of retirement to re-join Macclesfield Town.

</doc>
<doc id="2916564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916564" title="Gay, West Virginia">
Gay, West Virginia

Gay is an unincorporated community in Jackson County, West Virginia, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office and a community center, as well as several churches.

</doc>
<doc id="2916566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916566" title="Mogan">
Mogan

Mogan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2916569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916569" title="Sean Devine">
Sean Devine

Sean Devine (born 6 September 1972) is a retired professional footballer who played as a striker.
Biography.
He began his career with Millwall. Having spent time on loan with Woking in 1992, he spent two years with Bromley and one with Fisher Athletic before moving to Cyprus to play for Anorthosis Famagusta in the summer of 1995. Four months later, he returned to England and signed for Barnet.
Devine was Barnet's top scorer for three seasons and in 1996 he was offered a trial at Premiership club West Ham. However, the high profile transfer was cancelled after he was struck down by groin and hernia problems which kept him out of action for eight months. Devine had scored 16 goals before Christmas that season and he returned to fitness only after a rehabilitation spell at Lilleshall during the summer of 1997. Devine continued to score goals for Barnet and managed to break the club's league goalscoring record but an alleged fall-out with Bees Manager John Still brought an end to his future at Underhill.
In April 1999, after a successful loan spell at the club, Devine signed for Wycombe Wanderers for a fee of £200,000. He scored 8 goals in 12 league appearances that season that must a major contributing factor to Wycombe's last day escape from relegation in the 1998/99 season. Devine also set a Wycombe club record for most goals in a single season by scoring 23 goals during the 1999/2000 campaign. However, a knee injury caused him to miss the whole of the 2000/01 season and after that he was unable to regain his old goalscoring form at the club. Devine stayed for two more years and went on to become Wycombe's all-time record Football League goalscorer, a record he had now achieved for two clubs. During the 2002/03 season, Devine began to fall out of favour with Wycombe manager Lawrie Sanchez and this led to the player requesting a transfer away from the club. Sanchez felt that Devine was no longer the same player since his injury and accepted a £70,000 offer from Exeter City, with the deal being concluded in January 2003.
In January 2005, Devine captained his Exeter side in an FA Cup third round match against Manchester United at Old Trafford, in which the non-league side secured a famous 0-0 result. After that season, Devine left England and signed for the New Zealand Knights making just 7 appearances before club was dissolved in January 2007.
Devine also played as an Irish B international in a team that included Robbie Keane and Damien Duff in February 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="2916572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916572" title="Faris Al-Sultan">
Faris Al-Sultan

Faris al-Sultan () is an Iraqi-German professional triathlete and the winner of the 2005 Ironman World Championship in Kailua-Kona, Hawaii.
Faris al-Sultan is known for his strengths in all three triathlon disciplines. In the running segment, he has a consistent but uncommon form of a long stride and loose arms, described as "looping." In competition, he typically wears a Speedo and half-singlet. His interest in triathlon was inspired by Thomas Hellriegel, a German triathlete.
Faris was born 21 January 1978 in Munich, Germany to a German mother and an Iraqi father. He started out as a collegiate swimmer before taking on triathlon. His first Ironman in 1997 was Lanzarote Ironman, which he completed in a time of 10:33. Al-Sultan achieved his first Ironman win at the inaugural running of Ironman Arizona in 2005. He competed at the Ironman world championships in Hawaii in 1999, 2001, 2003 and 2004 before finally winning there in 2005. The favorite that year, fellow German Normann Stadler, withdrew due to flat tyres. In al-Sultan's return to defend the title in 2006, he placed third. At the 2007 championships, Faris did not compete due to a case of gastroenteritis the morning of the race. He said choosing not to compete "was one of the hardest decisions of my life." He was the winner at the 2013 Ironman Lanzarote on 18 May, completing with an overall time of 8:42:40.
In addition to his athletic training, al-Sultan was a graduate student at Ludwig Maximilians University of Munich, working on a Master's degree in Arabic language, literature, and history. Al-Sultan dropped out of graduate school before completing his degree in order to focus on triathlons.

</doc>
<doc id="2916573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916573" title="Cycling at the 1996 Summer Olympics">
Cycling at the 1996 Summer Olympics

Final results for the Cycling competition at the 1996 Summer Olympics. There were three categories of events – road cycling, track cycling and mountain biking. Road cycling took place in downtown Atlanta, track cycling took place in Stone Mountain in neighboring DeKalb County, and mountain biking took place at the Georgia International Horse Park in Conyers.
Results.
Road Cycling.
Men’s events.
<br>
Women’s events.
<br>
Track Cycling.
Men's events.
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
Women’s events.
<br>
<br>
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2916576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916576" title="45 Cancri">
45 Cancri

45 Cancri (45 Cnc, Bayer designation A1 Cancri, A1 Cnc) is a star in the constellation Cancer. Its apparent magnitude is 5.62.

</doc>
<doc id="2916577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916577" title="Elizabeth Jeffreys">
Elizabeth Jeffreys

Elizabeth Jeffreys (born 22 July 1941) was Bywater and Sotheby Professor of Byzantine and Modern Greek Language and Literature, University of Oxford, and Fellow of Exeter College, Oxford, 1996–2006. She is now Emeritus Professor, and Emeritus Fellow of Exeter College.
Career.
Elizabeth Jeffreys was educated at Blackheath High School and Girton College, Cambridge. Later in her career she gained a Bachelor of Letters (BLitt) degree from St Anne's College, Oxford.
Jeffreys taught at Mary Datchelor Girls' School (now closed), London, 1965–69, then became Senior Resident Fellow at the Warburg Institute, University of London, 1969–72. She was a Visiting Fellow at the Dumbarton Oaks Center for Byzantine Studies, 1972–74, then Resident Fellow at the University of Ioannina, 1974–76. She then moved to Australia as lecturer at universities in Sydney, Australia, 1976–86; Resident Fellow, University of Melbourne, 1987–89; and Resident Fellow then Senior Resident Fellow, University of Sydney, 1990–95, before returning to Oxford as fellow and professor. After retiring she held a Leverhulme Emeritus Fellowship 2008–09.
Jeffreys is a Fellow of the Australian Academy of the Humanities and honorary Fellow of St Anne's College, Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="2916579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916579" title="50 Cancri">
50 Cancri

50 Cancri (50 Cnc, A2 Cancri, A2 Cnc) is a star in the constellation Cancer. Its apparent magnitude is 5.893.

</doc>
<doc id="2916580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916580" title="Ethylene glycol dinitrate">
Ethylene glycol dinitrate

Ethylene glycol dinitrate (EGDN,NGc), also known as nitroglycol, is a chemical compound a yellowish, oily explosive liquid obtained by nitrating ethylene glycol. It is similar to nitroglycerin in both manufacture and properties, though it is more volatile and less viscous.
History and production.
Pure EGDN was first produced by L. Henry in 1870 by dropping a small amount of ethylene glycol into a mixture of nitric and sulfuric acids cooled to 0°C. The previous year, August Kekulé had produced pure EGDN by the nitration of ethylene, but this was actually contaminated with beta-nitroethyl nitrate.
Other investigators preparing NGc before publication in 1926 of Rinkenbach's work included: Champion (1871), Neff (1899) & Wieland & Sakellarios (1920), Dautriche, Hough & Oehme. 
Rinkenbach prepared EGDN by nitrating purified glycol obtained by fractioning the commercial product under pressure of 40mm Hg, and at temp 120 deg. For this 20g of middle fraction of purified glycol was gradually added to mixture of 70g nitric acid and 130g sulfuric acid, maintaining the temp at 23 deg.The resulting 49g of crude product was washed with 300ml of water to obtain 39.6g of purified product. The low yield so obtained could be improved by maintaining a lower temperature and using a different nitrating acid mixture.
1) "Direct Nitration of Glycol" is carried out in exactly the same manner, with the same apparatus, and with the same mixed acids as nitration of glycerine. 
In the test nitration of anhydrous glycol (100g) with 625g of mixed acid 40 & 60% at 10-12 deg, the yield was 222g and it dropped to 218g when the temp was raised to 29-30 deg. 
When 500g of mixed acid 50 & 50% was used at 10-12 deg, the yield increased to 229g. 
In commercial nitration, the yields obtained from 100 kg anhydrous glycol and 625 kg of mixed acid containing 41, 58 & water 1% were 222.2 kg of NGc at nitrating temp of 10-12 deg and only 218.3 kg at 29-30 deg. This means 90.6% of theory, as compared to 93.6% with NG.
or through the reaction of ethylene oxide and dinitrogen pentoxide:
2) "Direct Production of NGc from Gaseous Ethylene". 
3) "Preparation of NGc from Ethylene Oxide".
4) "Preparation of NGc by method of Messing" from ethylene through chlorohydrin & ethylene oxide.
5) "Preparation of NGc by duPont method".
Properties.
Physical properties.
Ethylene glycol dinitrate is a colorless volatile liquid when in pure state, but is yellowish when impure.
Molar weight 152.07, N 18.42%, OB to CO2 0%, OB to CO +21%; colorless volatile liquid when in pure state; yellowish liquid in crude state; sp gr 1.488 at 20/4° or 1.480 at 25°; n_D 1.4452 at 25° or 1.4472 at 20°; freezing point -22.75° (versus +13.1° for NG); frozen point given in is -22.3°; boiling point 199° at 760mm Hg (with decomposition).
"Brisance" by lead block compression (Hess crusher test) is 30.0 mm, versus 18.5 mm for NG and 16 mm for TNT. Brisance by sand test, determined in mixtures with 40% kieselguhr, gave for NGc mixtures slightly higher results then with those containing NG.
Chemical properties.
When ethylene glycol dinitrate is rapidly heated to 215 °C, it explodes; this is preceded by partial decomposition similar to that of nitroglycerin. EGDN has a slightly higher brisance than nitroglycerin.
Ethylene glycol dinitrate reacts violently with potassium hydroxide, yielding ethylene glycol and potassium nitrate:
Other.
EGDN was used in manufacturing explosives to lower the freezing point of nitroglycerin, in order to produce dynamite for use in colder weather. Due to its volatility it was used as a detection taggant in some plastic explosives, e.g. Semtex, to allow more reliable explosive detection, until 1995 when it was replaced by dimethyldinitrobutane. It is considerably more stable than glyceryl trinitrate owing to the lack of secondary hydroxyl groups in the precursor polyol. 
Like other organic nitrates, ethylene glycol dinitrate is a vasodilator.

</doc>
<doc id="2916583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916583" title="Jeremy Brockie">
Jeremy Brockie

Jeremy Russell Brockie (born 7 October 1987) is a New Zealand footballer who plays for Wellington Phoenix in the A-League. He has represented New Zealand at senior international level and at the Olympic Games.
Club career.
Early years.
Brockie started his youth football for Richmond Athletic and his senior career at Matson's Premier Football League side Nelson Suburbs before going on to play for Canterbury United in the 2004–05 season of the New Zealand Football Championship.
NZ Knights and the A-League.
He was one of the few shining lights for the New Zealand Knights in their debut A-League season, scoring four competition goals from nine starts. His first goals in the A-League were a double against Newcastle Jets at North Harbour Stadium. Brockie also scored a last minute goal against Sydney FC to earn the Knights a point, with his fourth goal coming in his sides final regular season fixture against the Melbourne Victory at Olympic Park in Melbourne. Brockie ended up being joint top goalscorer for the New Zealand club along with Simon Yeo.
On 17 March 2006, the New Zealand Knights announced that Brockie had decided to leave the club and join Sydney FC on a two-year contract. Brockie failed to find a regular place in Terry Butcher's first team, included in the starting line-up just twice and figuring in only seven matches of the A-League season. Despite being named in the Sydney FC squad for the AFC Champions League, Brockie was released early from his contract on 6 March 2007 for personal reasons. In July 2007 Jeremy signed for Hawke's Bay in the NZFC, and later for Team Wellington.
In 2009 Brockie signed for new A-League expansion club North Queensland Fury for 2009–10 season. He debuted for the Fury on 17 October 2009, starting in a 1–1 draw at home against the Wellington Phoenix. Brockie scored his first goal on 9 January against Central Coast Mariners. Brockie signed for the Newcastle Jets on 30 March 2010, on a two-year contract.
Wellington Phoenix.
On 14 May 2012 it was announced he had signed a 3-year contract with New Zealand based A-League club Wellington Phoenix. After a prolific preason, Brockie had to wait until the Round 5 fixture against Melbourne Victory to find the back of the net, taking the shot first time on his left foot from outside the box, Brockie managed to beat the goalkeeper off the underside of the crossbar. He followed this up with a stunning free kick to complete his brace in his teams losing effort.
Brockie finished the 2012-13 season with 16 goals in 25 appearances for the Phoenix, finishing second in the A-League golden boot, a bright spot in the Phoenix's poor season where they finished in last place.
In the 2013–14 season, Brockie finished the season with 5 goals in 24 appearances, including the final goal of the season in a 1-4 home defeat to the Melbourne Victory.
Loan to Toronto FC.
Brockie was loaned to Major League Soccer club Toronto FC, where he joined manager Ryan Nelsen, a fellow New Zealander, on 7 May 2013. In his third appearance, Brockie came off the bench to provide the assist for Toronto FC's goal in the 1-1 draw with Philadelphia Union. Brockie scored his first goal with Toronto on 3 July 2013 in a 3-3 home draw to Canadian rivals Montreal Impact. Brockie's loan with Toronto FC expired after the conclusion of the club's match against DC United on 24 August 2013.
International career.
After the 2007–08 season, Brockie moved to Wellington to base himself with the majority of the New Zealand national under-23 football team in preparation for the 2008 Summer Olympics, playing his winter season with Miramar Rangers. He has since remained in Wellington, signing for Team Wellington for the 2008–09 season.
In January 2006, he received his first call-up for the All Whites, the New Zealand national team, for the series against Malaysia in February 2006. On 19 February 2006, Brockie made his international debut, coming on as a substitute and playing the last twenty minutes of New Zealand's 1–0 win over Malaysia at Christchurch's QE II Stadium. On the 2006 All Whites tour of Europe, he also made appearances off the bench against Georgia, Estonia and Brazil. Brockie has also represented New Zealand at Under-23 and Under-20 level.
On 7 August 2008, Brockie scored for the NZ U23's in the 1–1 draw against hosts China at the Olympic Football Preliminaries from a flicked ball over the defence by teammate Craig Henderson. Brockie was named as part of the 2009 FIFA Confederations Cup New Zealand squad to travel to South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="2916586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916586" title="Ian Wilson">
Ian Wilson

Ian Wilson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2916587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916587" title="1 Cancri">
1 Cancri

1 Cancri (1 Cnc), is a K-type giant in the constellation Cancer. 

</doc>
<doc id="2916588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916588" title="Burchard of Worms">
Burchard of Worms

Burchard of Worms ( 950/65 – August 20, 1025) was the Roman Catholic bishop of Worms in the Holy Roman Empire, and author of a canon law collection of twenty books, known as Decretum Burchardi, also "Decretum", or "Collectarium canonum". 'Decretum' in English means decree, decision, principle, statute, and doctrine.
Life.
Burchard was born into a wealthy family in the Rhenish Hesse region of the German Empire bordering Lotharingia. As a young boy Burchard was sent to the town of Koblenz, where he was entered into the monastic school of either St Florin or St. Kastor to be raised a canon. He was later ordained as a deacon by Archbishop Willigis of Mainz, and was eventually elevated to primate of Mainz. He had two siblings; an older brother, Franco, who was the Bishop of Worms from 989 to 999, and a sister, Mathilda, who became the Abbess of an unknown monastery close to Worms at some point around 1010–1015. Upon the death of Burchard's brother Franco in 999, Emperor Otto III appointed Burchard as the bishop of Worms in the year 1000, an elevation confirmed by Willigis at Kirchberg within days. In the "Vita Burchardi" by Ebbo/Ebberhard of Worms (c. 1025), we are told that, initially Otto had sought to elevate one of his two chaplains, Herpo of Halberstadt and Rako of Bremen to the episcopate, going so far as to give each of them ‘the pastoral staff as they lay in bed gravely ill’. But both of them died before they could be anointed. Otto had also offered Worms to the renowned pastor simply known as Erpho. But within three days of becoming bishop, Erpho was dead from unknown causes and was quickly replaced by a man called Razo, who killed himself at Chur in Switzerland within a short period of time. The same account also indicates that Worms was in disrepair, and regularly attacked by both wolves and robbers.
Burchard oversaw the rebuilding of the walls of Worms, the creation of many monasteries and churches, and took part in the destruction of the fortifications of Otto I, Duke of Carinthia. Duke Otto was believed to be housing criminals, and was an enemy of Burchard's. According to Burchard's biographer, "many limbs were hacked off and many murders occurred on both sides" of the conflict. Burchard adopted a child from the enemy household, who would grow up to become Emperor Conrad II (c. 990–1034). After gaining the aid of King Henry II of Bavaria and engaging in negotiations, Duke Otto's castle was dismantled and rebuilt to become a monastery in honour of St. Paul. In 1016, Burchard rebuilt the town's Cathedral of St. Peter. Burchard also spent time educating students in the cathedral's school.
Burchard died in 1025, leaving to his sister a hair shirt and an iron chain as a "memento mori".
Works.
Burchard is best known as the compiler of a twenty-book collection of canon law which was made with the help of his contemporaries Bishop Walter of Speyer (963–1027), Alpert of Metz (d. 1024) and at least three other prominent regional ecclesiastics. Begun in c. 1012, the materials took him roughly nine years to compile. Burchard wrote it while living in a small structure on top of a hill in the forest outside Worms, after his defeat of Duke Otto, whilst raising his orphaned grandson, Conrad. The collection, which he called the "Collectarium canonum" or "Decretum," became a highly influential and popular source of canonical material. It came to be referred to as the "Brocardus" (Latin for 'Burchard'), from which the legal term 'brocard' originates. The Decretum cites from a variety of Biblical, patristic and early medieval sources, including the Old Testament, Augustine of Hippo, Gregory the Great, Isidore of Seville, Hrabanus Maurus and Julian of Toledo.
Burchard probably completed his "Decretum" by 1023. An important surviving manuscript is Codex 119 of the "Dombibliothek" in Cologne (Dom Hs. 119), dated to c. 1020, and thus completed still during Burchard's lifetime. The text was first printed in 1548, probably on the basis of this manuscript.
Codex 119 is missing Burchard's "prologue", book 1, and parts of books 2, 19 and 20. Apart from these passages, the manuscript is the most authoritative source of the text.
The twenty books of the work are divided as follows:
Book 19 is the so-called "Corrector Burchardi", a penitential or confessor's guide, probably a work of the 10th century which is added by Burchard as a sort of appendix to his work. Book 20, entitled "speculationum liber", discusses answers to technical theological questions, especially on topics such as eschatology, hamartiology, soteriology, demonology, angelology, anthropology and cosmology.
As a source of canon law, Burchard's "Decretum" was initially supplanted by Ivo of Chartres’ "Panormia" (c. 1094–1095), which utilised and built upon large sections of the Decretum, and slightly later by Gratian’s "Concordia discordantium canonum" or "Decretum Gratiani" (1139–1140), a much larger collection that further attempted to reconcile contradictory canon law.
Burchard spent the years 1023 to 1025 promulgating "Leges et Statuta familiae S. Petri Wormatiensis", also known as "Lex familiae wormatiensis ecclesiae", an assortment of customary laws composed for the members of the familiae of Worms (the various free and un-free workers of the Worms episcopal estate). In a similar, though considerably more condensed fashion to the Decretum, the Lex sought to delineate in thirty one chapters a variety of secular problems commonly experienced by the people of Worms in the final years of Burchard’s episcopate. It touches upon issues which range from marriage, to abduction, murder, theft and perjury.

</doc>
<doc id="2916589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916589" title="3 Cancri">
3 Cancri

3 Cancri (3 Cnc) is a star in the constellation Cancer. Its 
apparent magnitude is 5.60.

</doc>
<doc id="2916590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916590" title="4 Cancri">
4 Cancri

4 Cancri (4 Cnc), also known by its Bayer designation of Omega2 Cancri (ω2 Cancri, ω2 Cnc), is an A-type main-sequence star in the constellation Cancer. It is approximately 480 light years from Earth, and has an apparent magnitude of 6.32.

</doc>
<doc id="2916591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916591" title="The English Constitution">
The English Constitution

The English Constitution is a book by Walter Bagehot. First serialized in "The Fortnightly Review" and later published in book form in 1867, it explores the constitution of the United Kingdom, specifically the functioning of Parliament and the British monarchy and the contrasts between British and American government. The book became a standard work which was translated into several languages.
Contents.
While Bagehot's references to parliament have become dated, his observations on the monarchy are seen as central to the understanding of the principles of constitutional monarchy. He defined the rights and role of a monarch vis-à-vis a government as threefold:
He also divided the constitution into two components: the "Dignified" (that part which is symbolic) and the "Efficient" (the way things actually work and get done).
Walter Bagehot also praised "cabinet government" (in the Westminster system of government). At the same time, he mocked the American system for numerous flaws and absurdities he perceived, and its comparative lack of flexibility and accountability. In his words, "a parliamentary system educates the public, while a presidential system corrupts it." 
He praised Parliament as a place of "real" debate, considering debates in the United States Congress to be "prologues without a play." Bagehot said the difference in the substance of debate was due to debate in Parliament having the potential to turn out a government, while "debates" in the Congress have no such potential import.
Bagehot also criticized the fixed nature of a presidential term and the presidential election process itself. "Under a presidential constitution the preliminary caucuses that choose the president need not care as to the ultimate fitness of the person they choose. They are solely concerned with his attractiveness as a candidate." He declared that the only reason America succeeded as a free country was that the American people had a "genius for politics".
Legacy.
A column in the magazine "The Economist" is named after Bagehot. Bagehot also influenced Woodrow Wilson, who wrote "Congressional Government" under the influence of "The English Constitution".
Generations of British monarchs and heirs apparent and presumptive have studied Bagehot's analysis.

</doc>
<doc id="2916593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916593" title="5 Cancri">
5 Cancri

5 Cancri (5 Cnc) is a star in the constellation Cancer. Its apparent magnitude is 5.99.

</doc>
<doc id="2916595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916595" title="8 Cancri">
8 Cancri

8 Cancri is a star in the constellation Cancer.
8 Cancri is a white A-type main sequence dwarf with an apparent magnitude of +5.14. It is approximately 211 light years from Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="2916597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916597" title="Mu1 Cancri">
Mu1 Cancri

Mu1 Cancri (μ1 Cnc, μ1 Cancri) is a red giant star approximately 561 light-years away from the Solar System, in the constellation Cancer. The name Mu1 comes from the Bayer naming system: the "1" in the name is because (from Earth) it appears to be close to 10 Cancri (Mu² Cancri).
Mu1 Cancri is a variable star and was also given the variable-star designation BL Cancri. It may be a Mira variable.

</doc>
<doc id="2916599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916599" title="Noah Hickey">
Noah Hickey

Noah Hickey (born 9 June 1978) is a New Zealand footballer who plays for Gisborne City in the Central Premier League and last played professionally for the New Zealand Knights in the Hyundai A-League. He plays as either a striker or a right-winger and was an established member of the New Zealand national team, the 'All Whites'.
Biography.
He was the 1997 New Zealand Young Player of the Year, and has had trials with English teams Watford F.C. and Northampton Town F.C., perhaps due to his appearance in the 2003 Confederations Cup tournament. He also achieved numerous caps for the Eastern Suburbs first team, and was a regular goal scorer for the "White Demons".
Noah had a successful stint with Tampere United of Finland. He scored the goal that helped them win the league against MyPa, and also scored an infamous winner with his hand against rivals FC Haka.
He has presented a children's football show on Sky Sports in New Zealand. He is also infamous for missing an open goal in bizarre fashion, now featured on several 'bloopers' tapes. Noah Hickey has also appeared on NZ reality television show City Celebrity Country Nobody.
Noah's famous miss is featured in the football bloopers video "Nick Hancock's Football Hell". Noah is repeatedly referred to incorrectly as Noel Hickey during the remainder of the video (this is a mistake made by the commentator in the video clip, and not solely Hancock's error).
International career.
Hickey made his full All Whites debut in a 0–1 loss to Papua New Guinea on 31 May 1997. He was included in the New Zealand side for the 2003 Confederations Cup finals tournament.
On 28 May 2007 Hickey surprised many by retiring from International and pro football exactly 10 years to the day of his first cap.
Hickey ended his international playing career with 33 A-international caps and 3 goals to his credit, his final cap came in a 0–5 loss to Venezuela on 28 March 2007.
He is now Running the New Zealand stage of "Red Bull Balls to the Wall"
A one on one competition with youth.
He is also the sports correspondent for More FM's nationwide drive show Josh and Tom, and has a weekly spot around about 6.30pm every Friday night.
Noah is also running schools programme run with AUT called Shine that aims to teach students not to worry about people knocking them when they are striving for their potential. 

</doc>
<doc id="2916600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916600" title="Gip, West Virginia">
Gip, West Virginia

Gip is an unincorporated community in Braxton County, West Virginia, United States. Gip's elevation is 932 feet and is in the Eastern time zone.

</doc>
