<doc id="2914554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914554" title="Eesti Skautide Ühing">
Eesti Skautide Ühing

Eesti Skautide Ühing ("Estonian Scout Association", ESÜ) the primary national Scouting organization of Estonia, became a member of the World Organization of the Scout Movement in 1996. The coeducational Eesti Skautide Ühing has 1,337 members as of 2011.
History.
Scouting was initially established in Estonia in 1911 as part of tsarist Russia, and the first Scout troop was formed in the west coast town of Pärnu in 1912 in what was then the Livonia Governorate. According to its founders, Scouting was registered with the central organization of the tsarist Russian Scout movement Русский Скаут as the first Scout troop in the Baltic provinces. As far as is known today, the Pärnu Troop remained the only one of its kind in the region for four years. In spite of its relatively isolated existence, it developed a remarkable degree of imagination and variety in its activities. In planning and organizing the troop's program, Baden-Powell's "Scouting for Boys" was studied closely, and its activities emphasized the acquisition not only of Scouting skills, but also of proficiency in various crafts and trades carried out with accompanying tests for which the Pärnu Scouts prepared by working as volunteer helpers with local carpenters, blacksmiths, electricians, and various other tradesmen. During their summer vacations they worked for room and board at a nearby estate, some working in the fields, others in the workshops of the estate.
Within the Estonian Governorate it was not until 1916 that any scout troops were organized. In Tallinn and Tartu, the movement was started at the initiative of a few enthusiasts, while it was introduced into several smaller towns by students from high schools which had been evacuated northward from Latvia in order to escape the advancing German armies. Local boys were admitted into these Scout Troops, but this privilege was short-lived.
Estonia was soon occupied, and refugees were evacuated further into the inner Russian provinces. Most of the Scouts were among the refugees. This was the end of Scouting in these towns, but not in the larger centers. In Tartu, the second largest city in Estonia and the seat of a 300 year old university, Scout troops were organized at every large school with no other aid than a Russian translation of Baden-Powell's 'Scouting for Boys' and some consultation with a visiting Scouts in uniform from Pärnu. A few patrols of these troops were even able to continue their activities when Scouting was banned during the following German occupation. The Estonian War of Liberation, however, brought a pause to Scouting in Tartu as most boys over 16 (many even younger) volunteered for the fighting forces. But they restored their troops and patrols as soon as they were able to return to their school benches; one of these Scouts, now in the United States, is still active among Scouts of Estonian extraction.
In Tallinn, the first two Scout troops were started in 1916 by Anton Õunapuu (1887–1919), a teacher of physical education who had studied in Finland and had there acquainted himself with Scouting. The Estonian Boy Scouts consider him their "founding father", although his activity was short-lived; he fell in a battle of the War of Liberation in April 1919. His death became a symbol of the spirit of Scouting. It also brought about in Tallinn the immediate election of a Staff with Commissioners, to head the planning and execution of various Scouting activities. This organization provided the nucleus that later developed into the Estonian Scout Headquarters, which was to lead Estonian Scouting until its liquidation by the Soviet occupational authorities in 1940.
Founding of Estonian Scouting.
An enormous increase in membership made existing facilities, even in the larger towns with their experienced Scouts and leaders, inadequate to efficiently organize and train all the boys who desired to join the Tanks of Sooldin. Furthermore, there had been no central organization which could coordinate a program and provide assistance to the individual troops.
To remedy the existing conditions the First Estonian Scout Conference was held in Tartu in March 1921. At this Conference all the major principles of Estonian Scouting were established, and the much needed central organization, The Estonian Boy Scout Association, was founded at this conference. On this occasion, one of the most noted and able Estonian public figures, Jaan Hunerson, later to become the Minister of Education of the Estonian Republic, became the chief of staff of their headquarters.
Estonian Scouting was a founding member of the World Organization from 1922 to 1940. The Estonian Boy Scout Association joined the international Scouting scene very early. Under the leadership of its International Commissioner, Baldwin Rautsman, who occupied this post from 1920 to 1940, a contingent of 10 Scouts represented Estonia at the first World Jamboree in London, in 1920.
One of the major events of early Estonian Scouting was the reception of the World Chief-Scout, Lord Baden Powell of Gilwell, who visited Tallinn on August 19, 1933. Scouts from every part of the country rallied to the capital. It is not known exactly how many were on hand, but even the most modest estimates give a figure as large as the number of participants in the biggest Scout camp ever to be held in Estonia.
The foremost achievement of Estonian Scouting was the third Suurlaager, held in 1936 and attended by approximately 2000 boys, including 480 from abroad. Among the foreign guests were 300 Finns, large contingents from Latvia, Lithuania, Sweden, Denmark, Poland, and a few representatives from Hungary and Norway. The third Suurlaager, which had, as did the preceding one, Herbert Michelson for its Camp Chief, remained the biggest achievement of Estonian Scouting. As a result of the Soviet occupation of Estonia, Scouting was liquidated and banned from 1940 onwards.
Immediately following their seizure of power in June 1940, the paramilitary Estonian Defence League and its youth organizations, Noored Kotkad and Kodutütred, were abolished. The Boy Scouts and Girl Guides were tentatively permitted to continue their activities, but the operation of camps was forbidden. Thus the first Estonian Wood Badge course, which was to open in July, 1940 could not be held. The Scouts and other remaining Estonian organizations were compelled to participate in political meetings and demonstrations organized by the Soviet authorities. In August, 1940 the representatives of all sponsoring bodies were ordered to a meeting with the ostensible purpose of electing a new executive for the "Federation of Friends of Scouts" and new Headquarters staffs for the Boy Scout and Girl Guide Associations. No elections were held; instead the Communist Party representative announced the new members of the above organizations all positions were filled by Communists. The new Communist headquarters issued only one order, to liquidate the organizations and to surrender all property, including documents and archives, to the Komsomol Communist youth organization. The Soviets justified this move by claiming that Scouting was a disguised Anglo-American espionage organization.
Estonian Scouting was not broken by the liquidation of their organizations by the Soviet occupational authorities in 1940; nor was it crushed by the following German occupation of 1941-1944. This became quite evident during the final stages of World War II when Estonian refugees reached those countries and areas where they were at liberty to reorganize their Movements.
In order to unify all Estonian Scouting organizations in exile, two independent organizations were formed, one for Boy Scouts and the other for Girl Guides. The central organization for boys was established on the initiative of the Central Bureau of the Estonian Boy Scouts in Germany, the only legally recognized Estonian Scouting organization. The Charter of the "Estonian Boy Scouts in Exile" was signed in London on August 1, 1949, by the representatives of Estonian Scouts from Germany and Great Britain. This new organization was later joined by the Estonian Scouts in the United States and Australia, but universal membership could be assured only after the statutes had been modified. At this occasion the name was changed to the present one, "The Estonian Boy Scout Associations in Exile".
The executive organ of the Boy Scouts is a Central Bureau under the direction of a Secretary General. The more important decisions of the "Estonian Boy Scout Associations in Exile" are submitted to a Council composed of representatives of the constituent organizations. This Council never meets; its members decide the issues in question by voting by mail.
The post of Secretary General has up to now had four incumbents. The location of the Boy Scouts Central Bureau and the majority of its members is usually, although not necessarily, determined by the residence of the Secretary General. Herbert Michelson was Secretary-General for the Central Bureau from 1949 to 1953, living at first in Germany and later in the United States. The second Secretary General, Walter Koppemnan (1953–1955) directed the alteration of the statutes and the reorganization of the activities from Philadelphia. The third incumbent, Aksel Salumets (1955–1957), was from Toronto, Canada, where after the Executive Secretary moved to Helsingborg, Sweden, where the fourth Secretary General, Aksel Vaigur resides. Re-elected once (in 1960) he has held his office until present day.
Estonian Scouts have been present at every World Scout Jamboree and Rover Moot, although after World War II, they were compelled to arrive and participate in these events with contingents of other countries. The only exceptions were the World Jamboree at Moisson in 1947 in which 36 Estonian DP-Scouts from Germany took part under the Estonian colors; and the Jubilee Jamboree at Sutton Park, England, in 1957, where it was possible for Estonian Scouts to fly their own flag in the camp allotted to the Federation of Scouts in Exile.
Rebirth of Estonian Scouting.
Estonian Scouting was reborn as soon as the country regained its independence in 1989. Eesti Skautide Ühing was founded in 1995, and has been recognized and rejoined as the 140th member of World Organization of the Scout Movement in January 1996. When founded, Eesti Skautide Ühing had 200-300 members in several counties of Estonia.
Membership in Eesti Skautide Ühing is open to all young people in Estonia, with 1,199 male and female members as of 2004. The association's national headquarters are at Tallinn. Members of the association have participated in international events, including Eurofolk 1993, the 1994 and 2005 EuroJam (European Jamboree), the 1995 and 1999 World Jamborees and various European Region seminars. Leaders have also attended training courses provided by Scout associations in Denmark, Finland and Canada.
Program Sections.
Since 2005, the program sections are
Scout ideals.
The Scout Motto is "Ole Valmis", translated as "Be Prepared" in Estonian. The Estonian noun for a single Scout is "skaut".
Scout Oath.
Tõotan pühalikult püüda teha parimat, et austada Jumalat, täita kohust Eesti, mu isamaa ees, aidata kaasinimest ja järgida skaudiseadusi.
I pledge solemnly to do the best, to honour the God, to fulfill my duty for Estonia, for my fatherland, to help others and pursue the Scout laws.
References.
Parts of this article were distilled from an essay by Evald Uuitalu, supplemented by Eurofax 41, February 1996. Eurofax is the monthly newsletter of the European Region of the World Organization of the Scout Movement (WOSM). It is produced by the European Scout Office and is distributed by fax to all member associations in the European Scout Region and the Europe Region WAGGGS, and others.

</doc>
<doc id="2914556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914556" title="Spider Girl">
Spider Girl

Spider Girl (Sussa Paka) is a fictional character in DC Comics.
The character was first mentioned as a concept in the letters page of "Adventure Comics" when a fan suggested a character with the power of super-strong prehensile hair.
Fictional character biography.
Spider Girl formally first appeared as a failed Legion of Super-Heroes applicant.
She went on to join Tarik the Mute's underground academy for supervillains and later the Legion of Super-Villains.
Pre-Zero Hour biography.
Five Year Gap.
During the Five-Year Gap run in "Legion of Super-Heroes" volume 4 (1989), Paka was written as a half-reformed thief with a crush on Legionnaire Ultra Boy.
She joined the adult Legion as Spider Girl, but when the team was outlawed by the United Planets, they went underground, changing their appearances and codenames, even wearing masks. In this storyline, occurring just prior to the Zero Hour reboot of the titles, Sussa changed her codename to Wave and dyed her hair blue.
Post-Zero Hour biography.
Spider Girl's first appearance after the "Zero Hour" event occurred in "Legion of Super-Heroes" v.4 #64 as a member of the Workforce. She had a relationship with Ultra Boy while he was also a member of the team. As a result of this she was extremely resentful of Apparition.
Superman and the Legion of Super-Heroes.
What appears to be a revamped version of the pre-Crisis Spider Girl appears in the "Superman and the Legion of Super-Heroes" story beginning in "Action Comics" #858. In this version, she is a member of the "Justice League of Earth", a group of Earth-born Legion rejects which has seized control of Earth and banished the Legion and other extraterrestrials by spreading lies that Superman was a human that hated all aliens.
Powers and abilities.
In both incarnations, Spider Girl possesses prehensile hair. She can use her hair to ensnare or bind her opponents. As Wave, her hair was bluish; as Spider Girl, her hair was reddish.

</doc>
<doc id="2914568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914568" title="Sunburned rat">
Sunburned rat

The Sunburned rat or Rattus adustus is a species of rat from Enggano Island in Indonesia. It is only known from the holotype and has not been recorded since its description in 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="2914575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914575" title="Broken Bones">
Broken Bones

Broken Bones are a Hardcore punk band with a distinct sound that is heavily influenced by other UKHC punk bands such as Discharge, and in later cases, crossover thrash.
Career.
Broken Bones are from England and were formed by guitarist Tony "Bones" Roberts in 1983 after he left Discharge. The original lineup was Tony's brother Tezz (also a former member of Discharge) on bass, Nobby as the vocalist and drummer Bazz. Their first single release was the January 1984 "Decapitated". The follow-up single "Crucifix" was released in May 1984. Tezz left the band to join U.K.Subs and friend and roadie Hoddy took over on bass. This new line-up recorded the band's first album "Dem Bones", and toured Europe & USA.
Hoddy then left to join Conflict, and Tezz resumed bass playing duties, and the F.O.A.D. album was released.
The band then had several line-up changes with Nobby leaving to live in America and Tezz once more departing. Hoddy returned to play bass and sing. The band released the "Seeing Thru My Eyes" ep with this 3-piece line-up. Eventually the band ground to a halt.
later the band reformed once more with the original line up to record 'trader in death' a record the band cites as their best recording.
Bones reformed the band with a new line up of Cliff on drums, Quiv on vocals and Darren "Thrasher" Harris (of Exit Condition) on bass. This is where the band took a more metal turn with their music, releasing "Losing Control". Two more albums were to follow with the 12 inch release "Religion is Responsible" and another album "Stitched Up". After these albums' release, the band's touring and recording fell into remission.
In 1996 Broken Bones reformed. Bones as on guitar, Quiv on vocal, Hoddy on bass and Dave on drums. They released their first studio album in 8 years, "Without Conscience" in 2001 and in 2004, they released "Time For Anger, Not Justice". Both albums bring the band back to their roots as they play the brand of hardcore they're most well known for. They still gig and tour regularly. They were the last band to play before 2006's ill-fated British Invasion concert in San Bernardino was shut down. They played their last show with this line up supporting the UK Subs in 2010.
In 2012 Broken Bones were to reform again, this time with original member Tezz Roberts back on bass, Bones on lead guitar and also returning to the group is Karl "Egghead" Morris of The Exploited, who played on the F.O.A.D. album. New to this line-up is Jeff "JJ" Janiak on vocals from fellow Stoke-on-Trent band "Wasted Life", and Andy Dawson of "Billyclub" on drums. The band has a world tour in the works followed by a new album. The rest is yet to come...
Influence.
Broken Bones has been cited as an influence by some of today's most prominent punk, metal and hardcore acts such as Metallica, Anthrax, Hatebreed and many more. They have also been key in the development of thrash metal (and its offshoot, crossover thrash) as bands such as Slayer have cited them as being a key influence.
Discography.
Chart placings shown are from the UK Indie Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="2914581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914581" title="Sonographer">
Sonographer

Sonographers are diagnostic medical professionals who operate ultrasonic imaging devices to produce diagnostic images, scans, videos, or 3D volumes of anatomy and diagnostic data. Sonography requires specialized education and skills to view, analyze and modify the scan to optimize the information in the image. Because of the high levels of decisional latitude and diagnostic input, sonographers have a high degree of responsibility in the diagnostic process. Many countries require that medical sonographers have professional certification. Sonographers must understand ultrasound physics, cross sectional anatomy, physiology, pathology and communication skills.
Terminology.
"Sonographer" is the preferred term for the specialised healthcare worker who performs Diagnostic Medical Sonography or diagnostic ultrasound. The alternative term "ultrasonographer" is in much less common use. The terms "Ultrasound Technologist" and "Ultrasound Technician" are deprecated.
Training and licensing.
Australia.
The Australian Sonographers Association (ASA) formed in 1992 in response to the desire of Sonographers across Australia for an organisation that represents and considers issues important to sonographers in the Australian healthcare environment. The ASA now has more than 4000 individual member sonographers, and about 40 corporate members. The ASA has pledged to pursue high standards within the practice of Medical Sonography. The ASA has a structure of a Board of Directors and multiple representative Branches in all Australian states.
Australian sonographers must be accredited by the Australasian Sonographers Accreditation Registry (ASAR). ASAR’s brief is to accredit and re-accredit on a regular basis, post-graduate ultrasound programs offered by Australian Universities (and the DMU), and to establish the criteria against which those programs and any other future Australian and New Zealand programs are to be judged. In addition a register of accredited (AMS) and student (ASS) sonographers is maintained and their continuing professional development (CPD) activities monitored and recorded.
The Health Insurance Commissison in association with the Australasian Sonographers Accreditation Registry (ASAR) introduced in 2002 a program of accreditation and continuing professional education for sonographers. The ASAR recognises registration with the Australian Orthoptic Board as appropriate accreditation for Orthoptists to undertake sonography in relation to ocular structures.
Canada.
The vast majority of Canadian sonographers are educated at one of ten CMA accredited training programs across the country. The Canadian Association of Registered Diagnostic Ultrasound Professionals (CARDUP) registers sonographers in three credentials: Generalist, Cardiac, and Vascular. To become registered, eligible sonographers must successfully meet CARDUP's clinical and academic requirements. CARDUP registered sonographers must also document their continuing education by maintaining a minimum 30 continuing medical education credits every three years.
The Nova Scotia Society of Diagnostic Medical Sonographers (NSSDMS) is currently working with the Nova Scotia Association of Medical Radiation Technologists (NSAMRT) to add diagnostic ultrasound as a new discipline in the proposed college. This means that diagnostic sonography would become a self-regulated profession in Nova Scotia, along with radiography, nuclear medicine, magnetic resonance imaging and radiation therapy. The Department of Health is now considering their application; the appropriate Act and associated Regulations have been drafted, and the associations are aiming for approval at the spring 2012 session of the legislature.
United Kingdom.
In the UK sonographers are also responsible for the interpretation of the images and issue diagnostic reports. Sonographers in the UK are educated to a high level, training itself is delivered as a MSc/PGDip/PGCert by the universities and overseen by the Consortium for Accreditation of Sonographic Education (CASE.), as training is delivered at post graduate level all sonographers must have a bachelor degree or equivalent prior to undertaking this specialism, this means training can take a minimum of 4 years. There is currently no requirement for a Sonographer to be state registered in the UK, although the majority are registered with the Health Professions Council as a Radiographer. State registration of Sonographers in their own right is being eagerly sought by the profession.
Within the United Kingdom, Sonographers are employed by the Hospitals within the National Health Service, by private companies offering healthcare services, or as temporary staff through specialised Employment agency, such as "About Health Professionals" and "Sonographers Medical Ltd".
United States.
In the United States the most widely accepted sonographic education is provided by CAAHEP/JRC-DMS accredited programs. The profession is sub-divided in specialties such as cardiac, obstetrical, vascular, and general sonographers. General sonographers are registered in abdominal and/or obstetric and gynecologic sonography. There are two credentialing bodies in the United States for sonographers, the Cardiovascular Credentialing International (CCI) Established in 1968 and the American Registry for Diagnostic Medical Sonography (ARDMS) Established in 1975. Both CCI and ARDMS have earned the prestigious ANSI-ISO 17024 accreditation for certifying bodies from the International Organization for Standardization (ISO). Accreditation is granted through the American National Standards Institute (ANSI). Recognition of ARDMS programs in providing credentials has also earned the ARDMS accreditation with the National Commission for Certifying Agencies (NCCA). The NCCA is the accrediting arm of the National Organization for Competency Assurance (NOCA). Established in 1977 as a nonprofit organization, NOCA is a leader in setting quality standards for certifying organizations.
In 2009, New Mexico and Oregon became the first two states to require licensure of sonographers.
Work-related injury.
During their careers, 84% of sonographers report experiencing some form of work-related musculoskeletal pain due to scanning in compromised positions, incorrect gripping of the transducer, spending too much time to manipulate the transducer on technically difficult exams such as obese or large pregnant patients and a lack of upper body fitness.

</doc>
<doc id="2914584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914584" title="Phanocles">
Phanocles

Phanocles () was Greek elegiac poet who probably flourished about the time of Alexander the Great.
His extant fragments show resemblances in style and language to Philitas of Cos, Callimachus and Hermesianax. He was the author of a poem on pederasty.
A lengthy fragment in Stobaeus ("Florilegium", 64) describes the love of Orpheus for the youthful Calaîs, son of Boreas, and his subsequent death at the hands of the Thracian women. It is one of the best extant specimens of Greek elegiac poetry.

</doc>
<doc id="2914588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914588" title="Pyo Yeong-jae">
Pyo Yeong-jae

Pyo Yeong-jae (born October 17, 1972) is a South Korean voice actor.
He joined the Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation's voice acting division in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="2914590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914590" title="Collurania-Teramo Observatory">
Collurania-Teramo Observatory

Osservatorio Astronomico di Collurania-Teramo "V. Cerulli" (OACT, known in English variously as the Collurania-Teramo Observatory or Collurania Observatory, Teramo) is an astronomical observatory owned and operated by Italy's Istituto Nazionale di Astrofisica (National Institute for Astrophysics, INAF). It is located in Teramo, Italy. It was founded by Vincenzo Cerulli, who was later honoured by having it bear his name.

</doc>
<doc id="2914591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914591" title="Xcitement Wrestling Federation">
Xcitement Wrestling Federation

Xcitement Wrestling Federation (XWF) was an American professional wrestling promotion. The organization's heyday was from early November 2001 to late February 2002. Its birth coincided with the World Wrestling Federation's acquisition of AOL Time Warner's World Championship Wrestling. XWF's slogan was ""No more prima donnas, no more politics... In your face!"". They looked to promote a product that the whole family could watch and enjoy by bringing back pro-wrestling storylines with a 21st-century spin as an alternative to sports entertainment. The previous number two and three American promotions, the aforementioned World Championship Wrestling and Extreme Championship Wrestling, had folded earlier in 2001, leaving only one national wrestling company. As such, the letter ""X"" in XWF stood for the missing variable in the industry. The official definition of the "X" became Xcitement as cited by "Mean" Gene Okerlund in the Extras on the XWF DVD and not ""Xtreme"" as sometimes written.
History.
Beginning.
The idea of the XWF was generated when several wrestling superstars including Hulk Hogan, Jimmy Hart, The Nasty Boys (Knobs and Saggs) and Greg Valentine were pitched the idea by Kevin Harrington of replacing the then AOL Time Warner owned World Championship Wrestling which was then purchased by rival competitor World Wrestling Federation. The basis of the XWF was to create a wrestling federation showcasing Family Friendly entertainment all while displaying talents of current Wrestling Legends and future superstars similar to the format that was used in "WCW Saturday Night" / "WCW Main Event". The reason was to create a PG style of wrestling that was opposite of what WCW was since the nWo started. It would also give the wrestlers another place to work since the WWF had become the only game in town. 
The TV Tapings.
The initial XWF tapings were conducted in November 2001 at Universal Studios in Orlando, Florida in the soundstage that used to be the home for the WCW Worldwide Wrestling tapings, and later the home for the TNA Impact Wrestling tapings. Former WCW play-by-play announcer Tony Schiavone and former WWF color commentator Jerry Lawler were brought in to call the matches. Lawler had left the WWF earlier in the year, in protest, after he felt they had unfairly fired his then wife Stacy Carter. Shortly after the tapings, Lawler and Carter divorced, he mended fences with the WWF, and asked the XWF to be let out of his contract so that he could return there. They also brought in Mean Gene Okerlund to be their locker room interviewer. The storylines were based on a struggle for power in the company between Rena Mero Lesnar (formerly Sable in the WWF), who was the heel CEO, and Rowdy Roddy Piper, the babyface commissioner. The XWF Roster was a mixture of former WWF, WCW, and ECW Stars, as well as several indy stars. They brought in Hulk Hogan, with the hope that he would be a wrestler and a part owner of the company. He wrestled and defeated Curt Hennig (who was accompanied by his "agent" Bobby Heenan) in his only match at the tapings. In addition to Hogan and Hennig other stars included; Vampiro, Buff Bagwell, A.J. Styles, Christopher Daniels, the Nasty Boys, Hacksaw Jim Duggan, Jimmy Snuka Jr. (managed by Jimmy Snuka Sr.), Marty Jannetty, Greg Valentine, Horace Hogan, Ryan Sakoda (who wrestled as Vapor and was managed by Sonny Onoo), Low-Ki (who wrestled as Quick Kick), Kid Kash, Juventud Guerrera, Psicosis, Konnan, Carly Colón (who was accompanied by Carlos Colón, Sr.), Maximum Force (Simon Diamond and Johnny Swinger, who were managed by Dawn Marie), Johnny B. Badd, Norman Smiley, the KISS Demon (managed by Gene Simmons), Devon Storm (Crowbar in WCW), Big Vito, the Road Warriors, Public Enemy (who wrestled as the South Philly Posse), the Shane Twins, Josh Matthews, and Emory Hail (who was managed by Jimmy Hart). Ten episodes were taped, and prepared for broadcast. Unfortunately, the talents were only signed for the initial set of tapings. Shortly after the tapings, WWF owner Vince McMahon signed away several of their key talents like Lawler, Hogan, Hennig, Piper, and others. Hart expressed his frustration in an interview. He explained that they would go to network executives to pitch the show. The executives would get excited by the roster, but Hart and company would then have to explain that several talents were no longer with the XWF and had gone to the WWF. They would then get turned down.
House Shows.
Following the initial tapings held in fall 2001, the XWF held their first three shows in Hammond, Indiana, Milwaukee, Wisconsin and nearly filled the Brown County Arena in Green Bay, WI. In Spring 2002 the federation ran more shows. A series of house shows in Texas. In addition to the wrestlers that stayed on, the XWF brought in Rey Mysterio, who teamed with his longtime friend Konnan against the Nasty Boys, and hardcore legend Terry Funk, who wrestled Greg Valentine. The XWF scheduled a second series of house shows in Michigan, but ultimately had to cancel them due to low ticket sales. After not being able to secure a television deal, the promotion later folded.
Jimmy Hart era.
Jimmy Hart acquired the rights for the XWF for an undetermined amount in 2004. In September 2004, the idea of bringing a special television series about the XWF to The Wrestling Channel and likely other channels thereafter was explored by Hart. During July 2005, the XWF released a three DVD series called "In Your Face: The Lost Episodes of the XWF". It featured 19 matches from the original Universal Studios tapings with extras including an interview with Hulk Hogan. The series is hosted by Jimmy Hart and Brian Knobs. They also did a series of pay-per-views on DISH Network featuring matches from the tapings.
Redesign.
In November 2008 the XWF re-launched its wrestling website displaying the new logo. In January 2009 it was rumored that there were talks of a possible pay-per-view similar to how Total Nonstop Action and Ring of Honor received their television deals. Also, footage from the XWF "invasion" of Puerto Rico in 2002 was to be released. Additionally, plans were underway to launch a series of matches featuring living legends from 2001, new up and coming talent, as well as having living remaining members make personal appearances for the XWF. A Special Collectors set including a DVD, T-Shirt, autographs, and an actual piece of the ring apron from the 2001 tapings was expected to be released later in 2009.
As of 2013, no further activity from the relaunched XWF has taken place, and the website has been taken down.
Titles and style.
XWF’s wrestling style was to encompass Sports Entertainment, Rasslin, Puroresu and Lucha Libre, as many of the talent signed to the federation trained primarily in each or all of these styles of wrestling. 
The XWF held four distinctive wrestling divisions with titles for each: The XWF Heavyweight Championship, the XWF Tag Team Championship, the XWF Cruiserweight Championship and the XWF Women’s Championship. Talks of a 5th championship were rumored and, if created, would have been a mid-card title similar to World Wrestling Entertainment’s Intercontinental and United States Championships or Total Nonstop Action’s Television Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="2914594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914594" title="Bill Melton">
Bill Melton

William Edwin Melton (born July 7, 1945 in Gulfport, Mississippi), nicknamed "Beltin' Bill" or "Beltin' Melton", is a former third baseman in Major League Baseball who played from through for the Chicago White Sox, California Angels and Cleveland Indians. He is now a commentator for Comcast SportsNet White Sox broadcasts.
Baseball career.
Melton was signed as a minor league free agent directly out of high school prior to the 1964 season and was assigned to the White Sox rookie league Sarasota White Sox. After spending 1965 back at Sarasota, this time with the A-league Sarasota Sun Sox, Melton made steady progress through the White Sox system, playing for the A-league Fox Cities Foxes, AA Evansville White Sox, and AAA Hawaii Islanders (and Syracuse Chiefs while on loan to the Yankees organization). At each level, he displayed the two characteristics that he would be known for throughout his playing career: a powerful bat and questionable fielding.
Melton made his major league debut on May 4, 1968 and was a mainstay at third for the White Sox for the next seven years. After leading the Sox in home runs in 1969 with 23, Melton came into his own in 1970, hitting 33 home runs and again leading the team. In 1971, Melton had arguably his best season as he made the all-star team and led the American League with 33 home runs – the first time a White Sox player had led the league in home runs. Melton's production declined in 1972 after he missed most of the season with two herniated discs resulting from trying to break his son's fall from their garage roof. The injury sapped his power such that he would not again hit more than 21 home runs in a year. Before his back problems, Melton was a popular player, but when his play began to suffer due to his back injury, he became the target of fans and media. Melton especially drew the ire of White Sox broadcaster Harry Caray, who often railed against Beltin' Bill for his fielding problems. Never good with the glove, finishing either third or fourth in the league for errors by a third baseman every year except his rookie and injury-shortened 1972 seasons, Melton led the league with 24 errors in 1974 and 26 in 1975.
Following the 1975 season, Melton was traded to the Angels along with pitcher Steve Dunning for outfielder Morris Nettles and first baseman Jim Spencer, but his production continued to decrease as he hit .208 with 6 home runs in 118 games and he clashed with manager Dick Williams. Following the 1976 season, he was traded again, this time to the Indians for a player to be named later (ultimately relief pitcher Stan Perzanowski) and cash. After appearing in only 50 games for the Indians in 1977, hitting only .241 with no home runs, he retired following the season.
Post-Career.
After working with his father manufacturing skateboard wheels and becoming a real agent following retirement, Melton took a position as a community relations representative for the White Sox 1992. In 1998, Melton was hired by WGN to be a White Sox pre- and postgame television analyst. In 2005, he was hired by Comcast SportsNet Chicago in a similar position.
Until 1987, Melton was the White Sox' all-time home run leader. He was passed in 1987 by Harold Baines, who was then overtaken by Carlton Fisk in 1990. Fisk was later bypassed by Frank Thomas. He is currently eighth on the White Sox all-time home runs list and tenth on the team's all-time strikeouts list.

</doc>
<doc id="2914599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914599" title="Enrollment management">
Enrollment management

Enrollment Management is a term coined by Dr. Jack Maguire www.MaguireAssoc.com that is used frequently in higher education to describe well-planned strategies and tactics to shape the enrollment of an institution and meet established goals. Plainly stated, enrollment management is an organizational concept and a systematic set of activities designed to enable educational institutions to exert more influence over their student enrollments. 
Such practices often include marketing, admission policies, retention programs, and financial aid awarding. Strategies and tactics are informed by collection, analysis, and use of data to project successful outcomes. Activities that produce measurable improvements in yields are continued and/or expanded, while those activities that do not are discontinued or restructured. Competitive efforts to recruit students is a common emphasis of enrollment managers.
The numbers of universities and colleges instituting offices of "enrollment management" have increased in recent years. These offices serve to provide direction and coordination of efforts of multiple offices such as admissions, financial aid, registration, and other student services. Often these offices are part of an enrollment management division.
Some of the typical aims of enrollment management include:
One example of an enrollment management platform is DecisionDesk, a web-based service that streamlines the submission and review process for more than 200 colleges, universities, and various artistic and academic programs, festivals, and competitions across the world. The platform was created to help these institutions and ones like it to diversify and increase their applicant pools, to make the application process more accessible and easier for both long-distance and local applicants, and to streamline the way reviewers and administrators make their decisions. 
According to Matthew Quirk :
See also.
Enrollment Management Blog

</doc>
<doc id="2914609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914609" title="Kids club">
Kids club

A kids club is a kind of fan club, created not around a celebrity, but rather around a commercial entity that caters to children or families, or the entity's mascot. Kids clubs serve as a promotional tool for such entities, trading discount coupons, exclusive items, a newsletter and other offerings in exchange for family goodwill and a measure of marketing and demographic information.
Memberships in such clubs are usually restricted to children ages twelve or under, and members are typically presented with an assortment of standard fan club items: A welcome letter, a membership card (which may double as a discount or premium card at outlets), a club pin or badge, an "autographed photo" of the mascot or spokesperson, a pad of letterheaded notepaper, other possible souvenirs (including a catalog or price list of more available items), and occasional mailings, usually to promote special events or member's exclusives. Some clubs encourage their members to form chapters and invite friends to join, and may offer a "club kit" with chapter materials and suggestions, sometimes for a fee, or free in exchange for member information.
Examples of this type of club include the Big Boy Kids Club, the Ronald McDonald Club, Burger King Kids Club, the Fox Kids Clubs, the former Sambo's Restaurants Tiger Tamers (later the Tiger Club), and numerous retail chain clubs.

</doc>
<doc id="2914611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914611" title="John Ioannou">
John Ioannou

John Ioannou is an actor best known for his role of "Alex Yankou" on the "Degrassi" series.

</doc>
<doc id="2914641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914641" title="Isaac Austin">
Isaac Austin

Isaac Edward "Ike" Austin (born August 18, 1969) is a retired American professional basketball player. He is also the uncle of Baylor University's Isaiah Austin.
Austin was born in Gridley, California. A 6' 10" (2.08 m) center from Kings River Community College and Arizona State University, he was selected by the Utah Jazz in the second round (48th overall) of the 1991 NBA Draft. He averaged two points and 1.1 rebounds during his rookie season with the Jazz, and after two more sub-par seasons, he signed to play with Tuborg İzmir, a Turkish basketball team. Austin averaged 22.3 points and 13.9 rebounds during the 1995-1996 season in Turkey, and he returned to the NBA the following season as a member of the Miami Heat.
With renewed confidence, Austin averaged 9.7 points and 5.8 rebounds for the Heat and received the NBA Most Improved Player Award in 1997. Austin had his best season in 1997-1998, when he averaged 13.5 points and 7.1 rebounds while playing for the Heat and the Los Angeles Clippers (to whom he was traded midseason for Brent Barry). After that season, he signed a lucrative contract with the Orlando Magic, but his play began to regress. Austin was traded to the Washington Wizards for Ben Wallace after one season with the Magic, and the Wizards later traded him to the Vancouver Grizzlies, with whom he ended his NBA career in 2002 (the team moved to Memphis in 2001).
From 2004-2005, Austin was owner and head coach of the Utah Snowbears, a team in the American Basketball Association. He led the Snowbears to a 27-1 record in the team's first season, but feuded with league officials during the playoffs and decided to forfeit the rest of the season in protest.

</doc>
<doc id="2914644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914644" title="Seth Warshavsky">
Seth Warshavsky

Seth Warshavsky (born 1973) is an American pioneer in the Internet pornography industry and the founder of Internet Entertainment Group (IEG). During the dot-com boom years of the late 1990s, Warshavsky's welcome media attention made him the face of the online pornography industry to a public fascinated with what was then virtually the only segment of the dot-com industry operating at a profit. On February 10, 1998, he testified at a hearing on Internet Indecency before the US Senate Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation.
Beginning in 1996, with the profits from a phone-sex operation he started while living in the Oregon building in Seattle, Washington, he had friends at AT&T who would find him sex-related numbers.
Warshavsky converted a warehouse in Seattle into the studios of IEG's flagship website, Clublove.com. The website used computer technology that was cutting edge for its day. The business model was similar to that of a live peep show. For a monthly membership fee plus an hourly charge, you could watch post card sized, low resolution images of women strip and touch themselves in real time. For more money, you could talk to the camgirls over the phone and direct them. If you liked the show, you could even tip them.
Early Internet pornography scandals.
Warshavsky was involved in many of the early Internet's porn-related media controversies, including: 
IEG collapse.
At IEG's peak, Warshavsky claimed to have 100,000 subscribers and $50 million annual revenue, although subsequent events cast doubt on the veracity of this earnings claim. 
Anderson and Lee filed a $90 million copyright-infringement suit against IEG in 1998 to claim a share of the profits of the video of them. A U.S. district court judge dismissed the case, ruling that the duo gave up their rights when they agreed to let IEG webcast the footage. Following appeals, Anderson and Lee were awarded a $1.5 million judgment plus court costs and attorney fees in December 2002.
Warshavksy fled the US in January 2001 to Bangkok, Thailand, leaving in his wake a number of unpaid creditors and former IEG employees. He now manages Electronic Transaction Services Ltd., a rights management system and network of billing agreements that enables bill and collection for mobile applications and content.

</doc>
<doc id="2914647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914647" title="Unified Grocers">
Unified Grocers

Unified Grocers, originally Unified Western Grocers, is a retailer-owned wholesale grocery cooperative that supplies independent supermarkets in the Western United States. It was formed in 1999 as the merger of United Grocers of Oregon (founded 1915) and Certified Grocers of California (founded 1922). In 2007 it acquired Associated Grocers of Seattle, Washington, and changed its name to Unified Grocers. The company has its headquarters in Commerce, California.
Unified Grocers is currently the largest retailer-owned wholesaler in the western United States. They serve more than 3,000 retail stores and recorded annual sales over $4 billion in 2009. There are over 500 current members and growing.

</doc>
<doc id="2914652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914652" title="Hot Cross Buns">
Hot Cross Buns

"Hot Cross Buns" is an English language nursery rhyme, Easter song and street cry referring to the spiced English bun associated with Good Friday known as a Hot Cross Bun. It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 13029.
Lyrics.
The most common modern version is:
<poem>Hot cross buns!
Hot cross buns!
One a penny, two a penny,
Hot cross buns!
If you have no daughters,
Give them to your sons
One a penny,
Two a penny,
Hot Cross Buns!</poem>
Origins.
The earliest record of the rhyme is in "Christmas Box", published in London in 1798. However, there are earlier references to the rhyme as a street cry, for example in "Poor Robin's Almanack" for 1733, which noted:
<poem>Good Friday come this month, the old woman runs
With one or two a penny hot cross buns.</poem>
The tune.
There is one version. This version features a 3-note descending stepwise sequence; other versions are noted but are not used by standard day practices.

</doc>
<doc id="2914655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914655" title="Lucius Cestius Pius">
Lucius Cestius Pius

Lucius Cestius, surnamed Pius, Latin rhetorician, flourished during the reign of Augustus.
He was a native of Smyrna, a Greek by birth. According to Jerome, he was teaching Latin at Rome in the year 13 BC. He must have been living after AD 9, since, we are told that he taunted the son of Quinctilius Varus with his father's defeat in the Teutoburgian Forest (Seneca the Elder, "Controv." i. 3, 10).
Cestius was a man of great ability, but vain, quarrelsome and sarcastic. Before he left Asia, he was invited to dinner by Cicero's son, then governor of the province. His host, being uncertain as to his identity, asked a slave who Cestius was; and on receiving the answer, "he is the man who said your father was illiterate," ordered him to be flogged (Seneca, "Suasoriae", vii. 13).
As an orator in the schools Cestius enjoyed a great reputation, and was worshipped by his youthful pupils, one of whom imitated him so slavishly that he was nicknamed "my monkey" by his teacher (Seneca, "Controv." ix. 3, 12). As a public orator, on the other hand, he was a failure. Although a Greek, he always used Latin in his declamations, and, although he was sometimes at a loss for Latin words, he never suffered from lack of ideas. Numerous specimens of his declamations will be found in the works of Seneca the rhetorician.
See the monograph "De Lucio Cestio Pio", by FG Lindner (1858); J Brzoska in Pauly-Wissowa's "Realencyclopädie", iii. 2 (1899); Teuffel-Schwabe, "Hist. of Roman Lit." (Eng. tr.), 268, 6; M Schanz, "Geschichte der römischen Litteratur", ii.

</doc>
<doc id="2914661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914661" title="Kungur Chronicle">
Kungur Chronicle

The Kungur Chronicle, also known as the Kungur Chronicler and Brief Siberian Kungur Chronicle ("Кунгурская летопись", "Кунгурский летописец", "Летопись сибирская краткая Кунгурская" in Russian) is one of the Siberian Chronicles, written in the late 16th century by one of Yermak's companions during his Siberian campaign.
The full version of the Kungur Chronicle did not survive to this day. It was partially included in one of the Siberian Chronicles known as the Remezov Chronicle. The Kungur Chronicle contains the description of Yermak's Siberian campaign and valuable historic, geographic and ethnographic data on Siberia and its 16th-century inhabitants. It is written in a folk Cossack-style language. 

</doc>
<doc id="2914665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914665" title="Astronomical Observatory of Capodimonte">
Astronomical Observatory of Capodimonte

The Astronomical Observatory of Capodimonte () is an astronomical observatory owned and operated by Italy's Istituto Nazionale di Astrofisica (National Institute for Astrophysics, INAF). It is located in Naples, Italy, on the hill of Capodimonte.

</doc>
<doc id="2914672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914672" title="Convention on the Territorial Sea and the Contiguous Zone">
Convention on the Territorial Sea and the Contiguous Zone

The Convention on the Territorial Sea and Contiguous Zone of 1958 is an international treaty which entered into force on 10 September 1964, one of four agreed upon at the first United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea (UNCLOS I). The convention was ratified by 52 states.
Many states have ratified the UNCLOS III convention, which came into force in 1994 and supersedes this convention.

</doc>
<doc id="2914687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914687" title="Jessop's Clock">
Jessop's Clock

Jessop's Clock is a large outdoor pendulum clock located in San Diego, California, USA. It was commissioned in 1905 by one of the city's noted jewelers, Joseph Jessop. 
The clock has been a San Diego icon for more than 100 years and is designated landmark #372 on the city's list of historic landmarks. After standing on the sidewalk in front of the Jessop and Sons jewelry store in Downtown San Diego for most of the 20th century, it was moved in 1984 to Horton Plaza, a multistory downtown shopping center, and remains there today.
The clock tells the local time in hours, minutes and seconds, as well as the day of the week and the month of the year. There are 21 dials in all, 12 of which tell the time in different locations around the world. It is high and extends an additional below street level to house the movement. It is wound automatically by an electric motor every eight hours.
Claude D. Ledger, an employee of Jessop's jewelry store, was assigned to build the clock. After fifteen months' work, the clock was completed in 1907. It won a gold medal at that year's Sacramento State Fair. It is reported that on the day of Ledger's death, Jessop's clock stopped working for reasons unknown. It was restarted and continued keeping time on the streets of San Diego.
In April 2009 the clock stopped working. A few months later it was given a two-month refurbishing and cleaning, paid for by the Jessop family, which still owns the clock. Joseph Jessop's 98-year-old great-grandson, David Jessop Jr., officially restarted the 102-year-old clock on November 5, 2009.
In 2012 the owners of the Horton Plaza shopping center terminated the rental agreement with the Jessop family and gave the family 6 months to find a new site for the clock. Jessop family representative Jim Jessop asked the public to suggest a new location for it - a location which is open to public view and preferably indoors. The new location will need 12 feet of space beneath the floor or ground for the clock's hidden works.

</doc>
<doc id="2914688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914688" title="Frank Mitchell (sportsman born 1872)">
Frank Mitchell (sportsman born 1872)

Frank Mitchell (13 August 1872 – 11 October 1935) was a cricketer and rugby union player.
School, University and Yorkshire.
13 August 1872 in Market Weighton, Yorkshire, Mitchell was schooled at St Peter's School in York and captained the school side for two years before moving to Brighton, where he took up employment as a schoolmaster for another two years. This meant that when he went up to Cambridge University, where he was admitted to Caius College, he was older and more experienced than many of his contemporaries, and he swiftly moved into the University side, where he remained from 1894 to 1897. It was as captain of the University side in 1896 that Mitchell became mired in a little controversy when he instructed his bowler to give away runs so that Oxford University would not be required to follow-on their innings (at the time sides surrendering an 80 run deficit in the first innings were required to follow-on). Protests came from both the Pavilion and in newspapers about this. The tactic itself, however, did not help Cambridge win – they went on to lose the match by four wickets.
In 1894 Mitchell first played for Yorkshire, and in 1898–99 he was selected to tour South Africa with Lord Hawke. It was on this tour that he played two representative matches for England that later became recognised as official Test matches. His performance on that tour helped consolidate his place in the Yorkshire squad for the following season.
South Africa.
Mitchell returned to South Africa in the Queen's Own Yorkshire Dragoons, where he fought in the Second Boer War, which saw him miss the entire 1900 English cricket season. In 1901 he was back playing for Yorkshire, making seven centuries in a season that earned him the accolade as one of the Wisden Cricketers of the Year in 1902. In the 1901–02 winter, Mitchell toured America with Bernard Bosanquet's team, but left early as he had made arrangements to go to Johannesburg. Whilst in Johannesburg he played cricket for the Transvaal, whom he captained to success in the Currie Cup, South Africa's domestic first-class cricket competition, in 1902–03 and 1903–04. When he returned to England in 1904 it was as captain of the South African cricket team, which makes him one of the fourteen players to have played Test cricket for more than one country. Mitchell's first-class cricket career was then at a hiatus, until he returned to captain South Africa in a disastrous campaign in the 1912 Triangular Tournament in England.
Mitchell later returned to England, playing first-class cricket only once more, for the Marylebone Cricket Club against Cambridge University in 1914. He died 11 October 1935 in Blackheath, London.
Other sports.
At Cambridge he also won blues at rugby and at putting the weight. He was also captained at rugby. Mitchell went on to play for Blackheath and won six caps for England at rugby between 1895 and 1896 as a forward in what was recognised as a very strong pack. He also kept goal for Sussex at soccer.
Mitchell also wrote about rugby. For example, he contributed a chapter entitled "Forward Play" to a book by Bertram Fletcher Robinson, "Rugby Football" (London: The Isthmian Library, 1896), recently republished in facsimile form.
Later life.
In World War I, he returned to active duty, rose to the rank of Lieutenant Colonel and was mentioned in despatches. After hostilities ended, he watched his son play cricket for Kent, and corresponded for "The Cricketer" before his sudden death in 1935, aged 63.

</doc>
<doc id="2914693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914693" title="A Foreign Affair">
A Foreign Affair

A Foreign Affair is a 1948 American romantic comedy film directed by Billy Wilder and starring Jean Arthur, Marlene Dietrich, and John Lund. The screenplay by Wilder, Charles Brackett, and Richard L. Breen is based on a story by David Shaw adapted by Robert Harari. The film is about a United States Army captain in occupied Berlin who is torn between an ex-Nazi cafe singer and the United States congresswoman investigating her. Though a comedy, there was a cynical tone to the overall project.
Plot.
In 1947, a United States congressional committee which includes prim Phoebe Frost of Iowa (Jean Arthur) arrives in post-World War II Berlin to visit the American troops stationed there. Phoebe hears rumors that cabaret torch singer Erika von Schlütow (Marlene Dietrich), suspected of being the former mistress of either Hermann Göring or Joseph Goebbels, is being protected by an unidentified American officer. She enlists Captain John Pringle (John Lund) to assist in her investigation, unaware he is Erika's current lover.
After seeing Erika with Adolf Hitler in a newsreel filmed during the war, Phoebe asks John to take her to army headquarters to retrieve the singer's official file. In order to distract her, John woos Phoebe, who initially resists his romantic advances but eventually succumbs to his charms.
Colonel Rufus J. Plummer (Millard Mitchell) advises John he is aware of his relationship with Erika and orders him to continue seeing her in the hope she will lead them to another of her ex-lovers, ex-Gestapo agent Hans Otto Birgel (Peter von Zerneck), believed to be hiding in the American occupation zone. Meanwhile, Erika and Phoebe are arrested during a raid designed to catch Germans without proper identification papers at the Lorelei, the club where Erika performs. At the police station, Erika claims Phoebe as her cousin in order to secure her release.
Phoebe, grateful for Erika's intercession on her behalf, goes with her to her apartment, where Erika confesses John is her lover just before he arrives. Humiliated, Phoebe leaves. Colonel Plummer attempts to reconcile Phoebe and John. John is targeted by Birgel at the Lorelei, but Birgel is killed by American soldiers who shoot him first. Erika is arrested and sentenced to serve time in a labour camp, and Phoebe and John are reunited.
Production.
While serving with the United States Army in Germany during World War II, Billy Wilder was promised government assistance if he made a film about Allied-occupied Germany, and he took advantage of the offer by developing "A Foreign Affair" with Charles Brackett and Richard L. Breen. Erich Pommer, who was responsible for the rebuilding of the German film industry, placed what was left of the facilities at Universum Film AG at Wilder's disposal. While researching the existing situation for his screenplay, he interviewed many of the American military personnel stationed in Berlin, as well as its residents, many of whom were having difficulty dealing with the destruction of their city. One of them was a woman he met while she was clearing rubble from the streets. "The woman was grateful the Allies had come to fix the gas," Wilder later recalled. "I thought it was so she could have a hot meal, but she said it was so she could commit suicide."
Marlene Dietrich was Wilder's first choice to play Erika, and Friedrich Hollaender already had written three songs - "Black Market," "Illusions," and "The Ruins of Berlin" - for her to sing in the film (the lyrics were very integral with the plot), but the director suspected she would be opposed to portraying a woman who collaborated with the Nazis. En route home from Berlin, he stopped in Paris to visit her, ostensibly to hear her opinion about a screen test he had made with June Havoc. "She kept making criticisms and suggestions," Wilder later said, "and finally I said, like I had thought of it just that moment, 'Marlene, only "you" can play this part.' And she agreed with me."
Wilder persuaded Jean Arthur, who was attending college at the time, to come out of retirement to play Phoebe. Throughout filming, the actress felt the director was favouring Dietrich, and late one night she and her husband Frank Ross went to Wilder's home to confront him with her suspicions. "Marlene told you to burn my close-up," an extremely upset Arthur insisted. "She doesn't want me to look better than she does." Wilder, knowing such insecurities were common when two very different personalities were working together, tried to reassure her he was not playing favourites, although of all the actresses he directed, he admired Dietrich most of all. "The crews adored her," he remembered. "She liked to find somebody with a cold, so she could make chicken soup for him. She loved to cook." Years later, Arthur called Wilder to tell him she finally had seen the film and liked it, apologised and said she would act any future Wilder project.
John Lund was a Paramount contract player, and although he did not have a particularly successful career, this is probably his best role, handling comedy with Wilder's cynical dramatic turns very well.
Location shooting, much of it in the Soviet occupation zone, began in August 1947, and filming continued at Paramount Pictures in Hollywood between December 1947 and February 1948. The film was edited within a week after principal photography was completed, and it premiered at the Paramount Theatre in New York City on June 30, 1948, shortly after Wilder's "The Emperor Waltz" opened at Radio City Music Hall.
Reception.
Bosley Crowther of the "New York Times" called the film "a dandy entertainment which has some shrewd and realistic things to say" and added, "Congress may not like this picture . . . and even the Department of the Army may find it a shade embarrassing. For the Messrs. Brackett and Wilder, who are not the sort to call a spade a trowel . . . are here making light of regulations and the gravity of officialdom in a smoothly sophisticated and slyly sardonic way." He continued, "Under less clever presentation this sort of traffic with big stuff in the current events department might be offensive to reason and taste. But as handled by the Messrs. Brackett and Wilder . . . it has wit, worldliness and charm. It also has serious implications, via some actuality scenes in bombed Berlin, of the wretched and terrifying problem of repairing the ravages of war. Indeed, there are moments when the picture becomes down-right cynical in tone, but it is always artfully salvaged by a hasty nip-up of the yarn."
In later years, Channel 4 called it "one of Wilder's great forgotten films . . . worthy of rapid rediscovery," while Andrea Mullaney of "Eye For Film" thought it was "talky, intelligent, cynical" and "as relevant to the current American involvement in Iraq as if it had been made yesterday."
Awards and nominations.
Charles Lang was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Black-and-White Cinematography but lost to William H. Daniels for "The Naked City". Billy Wilder, Charles Brackett, and Richard L. Breen were nominated for the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay but lost to John Huston for "The Treasure of the Sierra Madre", and the Writers Guild of America Award, which was won by Frank Partos and Millen Brand for "The Snake Pit".
Home media.
"A Foreign Affair" has been released in both VHS and DVD formats. On 27 November 2006, it was released as part of the 18-film "Marlene Dietrich: The Movie Collection" for the UK market. However, in April 2007 Dietrich's estate, Die Marlene Dietrich Collection GmbH, obtained an injunction which forced Universal Pictures to withdraw the DVD set due to an alleged contract breach.
External links.
Streaming audio

</doc>
<doc id="2914694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914694" title="Walter Geikie">
Walter Geikie

Walter Geikie (November 10, 1795 – August 1, 1837), Scottish painter, was born at Edinburgh. 
In his second year he was attacked by a "nervous fever" by which he permanently lost the faculty of hearing, but through the careful attention of his father he was enabled to obtain a good education. Before he had the advantage of the instruction of a master he had attained considerable proficiency in sketching both figures and landscapes from nature, and in 1812 he was admitted into the drawing academy of the board of Scottish manufactures. He first exhibited in 1815, and was elected an associate of the Royal Scottish Academy in 1831, and a fellow in 1834. He died on 1 August 1837, and was interred in the Greyfriars kirkyard in Edinburgh. Owing to his want of feeling for color, Geikie was not a successful painter in oils, but he sketched in India ink with great truth and humor the scenes and characters of Scottish lower-class life in his native city. A series of etchings which exhibit very high excellence were published by him in 1829-1831 and a collection of eighty-one of these was republished posthumously in 1841, with a biographical introduction by Sir Thomas Dick Lauder, Bart.

</doc>
<doc id="2914699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914699" title="Stephen Ullmann">
Stephen Ullmann

Stephen Ullmann (; 31 July 1914 – 10 January 1976) was a Hungarian linguist who spent most of his life in England and wrote about style and semantics in Romance and common languages.
Born in Budapest, Austria-Hungary, Ullmann achieved degrees from Eötvös Loránd University (otherwise known as the University of Budapest) and the University of Glasgow in Scotland. Ullmann later taught at Glasgow University, at the University of Leeds where he was Professor of French Language and Romance Philology from 1953 to 1968, and at Oxford University. In 1974 he spent five months as a visitor at the Australian National University's department of Romance languages, where he lectured on "Words and their meanings".
He died in London.
Ullmann’s ideas on semantics are said to be backed up by a wealth of published materials from across Europe. In addition, his works were translated into a variety of languages, such as French, Russian, and Japanese, and are said to be quite influential.

</doc>
<doc id="2914709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914709" title="Yesipov Chronicle">
Yesipov Chronicle

The Yesipov Chronicle ("Есиповская летопись" in Russian) is one of the Siberian Chronicles, dedicated to the memory of Yermak. It was compiled in 1636 by Savva Yesipov, a podyachy of the Siberian archbishop Nectarius.

</doc>
<doc id="2914725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914725" title="Konkoly Observatory">
Konkoly Observatory

Konkoly Obszervatórium (Konkoly Observatory) is an astronomical observatory owned and operated by Hungarian Academy of Sciences. It is located in Budapest, Hungary. It was founded in 1871 by Miklos Konkoly-Thege as his private observatory.

</doc>
<doc id="2914732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914732" title="Friedrich Gauermann">
Friedrich Gauermann

Friedrich Gauermann (September 10, 1807 – July 7, 1862), Austrian painter, son of the landscape painter Jacob Gauermann (1773–1843), was born at Miesenbach near Gutenstein in Lower Austria. He was an early representative of the Veristic style devoted to nature in all its diversity.
It was the intention of his father that he should devote himself to agriculture, but the example of an elder brother, who, however, died early, fostered his inclination towards art. Under his father's direction he began studies in landscape, and he also diligently copied the works of the chief masters in animal painting which were contained in the academy and court library of Vienna. In the summer he made art tours in the districts of Styria, Tirol, and Salzburg.
Two animal pieces which he exhibited at the Vienna Exhibition of 1824 were regarded as remarkable productions for his years, and led to his receiving commissions in 1825 and 1826 from Prince Metternich and Caraman, the French ambassador. His reputation was greatly increased by his picture "The Storm," exhibited in 1829, and from that time his works were much sought after and obtained correspondingly high prices. His "Field Labourer" was regarded by many as the most noteworthy picture in the Vienna exhibition of 1834, and his numerous animal pieces have entitled him to a place in the first rank of painters of that class of subjects.
The peculiarity of his pictures is the representation of human and animal figures in connexion with appropriate landscapes and in characteristic situations so as to manifest nature as a living whole, and he particularly excels in depicting the free life of animals in wild mountain scenery. Along with great mastery of the technicalities of his art, his works exhibit patient and keen observation, free and correct handling of details, and bold and clear colouring. He died at Vienna on 7 July 1862.
Many of his pictures have been engraved, and after his death a selection of fifty-three of his works was prepared for this purpose by the Austrian Kunstverein (Art Union).
His art has influenced among others the works of Joseph Heicke.

</doc>
<doc id="2914733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914733" title="Qin Shaobo">
Qin Shaobo

Qin Shaobo () is a Chinese actor, acrobat and contortionist.
A member of the internationally acclaimed Peking Acrobats, Qin made his motion picture debut in 2001, playing The Amazing Yen, Danny Ocean's "grease man" in the remake of "Ocean's Eleven". He reprised the role in 2004 in "Ocean's Twelve" and again in the sequel "Ocean's Thirteen". He has no other credited acting roles. He is shown to be an extremely talented acrobat and contortionist.
Born in Guangxi, China in 1982, Shaobo saw his first acrobat performance at the age of eleven and knew immediately that was the career he wanted to pursue. Ironically, that summer when his family enrolled him in an acrobat school, he ran away after only two days. It took three more tries before he found the courage to stay enrolled and pursue the intense training. While he was still at the camp, Shaobo was seen and scouted by a troop manager for the Peking Acrobats. He eventually came to the United States where he trains in Los Angeles for the company's international tours.

</doc>
<doc id="2914740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914740" title="Remezov Chronicle">
Remezov Chronicle

The Remezov Chronicle ("Ремезовская летопись" in Russian) is one of the Siberian Chronicles, compiled by a Russian historian Semyon Remezov in the late 17th century.

</doc>
<doc id="2914743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914743" title="NER Class T2">
NER Class T2

The North Eastern Railway Class T2, classified as Class Q6 by the LNER, is a class of 0-8-0 steam locomotive designed for heavy freight. 120 were built at Darlington Works between 1913 and 1921 to the design of Vincent Raven, based on the NER Class T and T1 (LNER Q5).
All passed into British Railways ownership in 1948 and they were numbered 63340-63459.
63372 was withdrawn in 1960 after an accident. General withdrawals were from 1963 to 1967.
Preservation.
One, 2238 (LNER 1946 number 3395; BR 63395) has survived to preservation on the North Yorkshire Moors Railway. It is owned by the North Eastern Locomotive Preservation Group (NELPG) and re-entered service after a major overhaul in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="2914746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914746" title="Lunar Legend">
Lunar Legend

"This for the video game Lunar Legend. For the manga and anime series of a similar name, see Tsukihime, Lunar Legend."
Development and release.
"Lunar Legend" is a re-made version of ' for the Game Boy Advance and was developed by Media Rings Corporation after acquiring the rights to produce a handheld adaptation of Game Arts' role-playing game. The game was announced in a November 2001 issue of Japanese "Weekly Famitsu" magazine as a "powered up" version of the original Sega-CD and the 32-bit versions, with changes that would benefit players on the go and provide new story materials for veteran fans. Because of the game's limited 8-megabyte cart size, many features standard to the "Lunar" series such as voice acting and video sequences were omitted, with Media Rings instead utilizing real-time cutscenes using larger, more detailed character sprites to tell the story. Still images taken directly from "Silver Star Story Completes animated videos would appear at certain points during the game to give it a more cinematic feel. Game Arts' primary goal in co-developing the new version was to provide the previous game's music, art, and script for Media Ring's use. The "Lunar" series' producer Yoichi Miyaji joined the development team as a consultant, along with several other members of the Game Arts staff, in assisting project director Hisashi Sugawara in crafting a new vision of the game that would retain the same feel as previous adaptations. The game was originally scheduled for a March 2002 release, but was pushed back to the following April for last-minute changes.
The North American version became the first English "Lunar" title to not be produced by Working Designs, with company president Victor Ireland passing on the project for undisclosed reasons. During the 2002 IEMA Executive Summit, Ubisoft Entertainment announced they had acquired the publishing rights to "Lunar Legend", with an initial release date of November 2002. Ubisoft's script remained closer to the original Japanese version than previous English endeavors, but retained Working Designs' character names and overall light-hearted tone. Rather than develop their own official "Lunar Legend" website, Ubisoft approached Mickey Shannon, webmaster of "Lunar" series fansite LunarNET, to create and host the game's official English page on his server.

</doc>
<doc id="2914754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914754" title="Sonera Stadium">
Sonera Stadium

Sonera Stadium (until August 2010 Finnair Stadium; also known as "Töölön jalkapallostadion", "Töölö football stadium") is a football stadium in Helsinki, Finland.
The stadium was inaugurated in 2000. It has a capacity of 10,770 spectators. In July 2006, a new artificial turf with a FIFA two star rating was installed, replacing a first-generation artificial pitch used for the two previous years. It is located next to the Helsinki Olympic Stadium. Before the current stadium was constructed, it was known as the Helsinki Football Grounds and hosted some of the football preliminaries for the 1952 Summer Olympics.
It is the home stadium of HJK, and is also used for some friendlies by the Finnish national team. It hosted the final of the 2003 FIFA U-17 World Championship.
The stadium was named as one of the stadiums that host the 2009 UEFA Women's Championship. For that tournament, the artificial turf earlier covering the field was replaced with grass.

</doc>
<doc id="2914756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914756" title="Edward Naylor">
Edward Naylor

Edward Woodall Naylor (February 9, 1867– May 7, 1934) was an English organist and composer.
Naylor was born in Scarborough in 1867, his father, John Naylor was organist of York Minster. He won a choral scholarship at Emmanuel College, Cambridge, where he gained a BA in 1887. From 1888 to 1892 he studied at the Royal College of Music. After spending eight years as organist of London churches St. Michael's Church, Chester Square (1889) and St. Mary's Church, Kilburn (1896), Naylor returned to Cambridge in 1898, where he became both the assistant master at The Leys School and organist of Emmanuel College. Naylor lived in Cambridge until his death in 1934.
His most important compositions were for voices; his composition "The Angelus", won the Ricordi prize for an English opera. His church music blends elements of 16th to 20th century music. Naylor was considered an authority on Shakespeare and music, and was an early exponent of greater musical authenticity.
His son, Bernard James Naylor (1907–1986) was the first composer (1948) living in Canada to employ post-tonal writing in choral music, and was one of the pioneers of a truly contemporary (post-tonal) English (Anglican) cathedral music in the mid-twentieth century.

</doc>
<doc id="2914762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914762" title="The Girlie Show World Tour">
The Girlie Show World Tour

The Girlie Show World Tour (also referred to as simply The Girlie Show) was the fourth concert tour by American singer-songwriter Madonna, in support of her fifth studio album, "Erotica". The tour visited the Americas, Europe, Asia, and Australia for the first time, selling 360 000 tickets in this leg only. Madonna's inspiration for the name of the tour was a painting called "Girlie Show" by Edward Hopper. The tour is estimated to have grossed over US$70 million. Two separate television specials were broadcast during the tour, one made during the Japanese leg of the tour and shown only on Japanese television; "Madonna Live in Japan 1993 – The Girlie Show" and an HBO special "Madonna Live Down Under – The Girlie Show" which was later released in 1994 by Warner Music Vision on home video.
Background.
Proclaiming after her 1990 Blond Ambition World Tour that she would "never go on tour again", it only took her three years until she hit the road again. After that, she said that if "you ever hear me say again 'I'm never going on tour again', don't believe me."
The Girlie Show was launched in support of Madonna's 1992 album, "Erotica". The show had the central visual theme of a "sex circus". Described as "a mixture of a rock concert, a fashion show, a carnival performance, a cabaret act and a burlesque show", the show had a more complex stage than those from Madonna's previous tours: it had a runway that led from the center of the main stage to a minor stage, a revolving elevated platform in the middle of the main stage, balconies in the rear of the stage, and a giant illuminated "Girlie Show" sign above stage, among other features. The tour was directed by Madonna's brother, Christopher Ciccone; costumes for the tour were designed by Italian fashion house Dolce & Gabbana.
Madonna played an unusually few five dates in the U.S. It was speculated that this was related to the "Erotica" album's particularly low sales in that country and the extreme negative backlash surrounding Madonna's book "Sex" and film "Body Of Evidence". The tour was chronicled by the photo book "The Girlie Show", which included a CD with three live tracks: "Like A Virgin", "In This Life", and "Why's It So Hard."
Photography for promotional material, posters and publicity for the show was by Herb Ritts. The same imagery was used on the "Bye Bye Baby" single cover, which was released during the Australian leg of the tour and also on a Brazilian promotional EP, "The Girlie Show" which included the tracks "Erotica", "Deeper and Deeper", "Bad Girl", "Fever", "Rain" and "Bye Bye Baby". Other images from the same shoot were also included in "The Girlie Show" book released in 1994 and also on the 1993 single release, "Rain".
Some venues forbade nudity, so dancer Carrie Ann Inaba wore a halter top at those shows. Uproar developed in Puerto Rico after Madonna rubbed the between her legs on stage. In São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro, Madonna performed the Brazilian song "The Girl from Ipanema". During her second show in Buenos Aires, Madonna performed a snippet of the song "Don't Cry For Me Argentina" from the musical "Evita" which she would end up starring in the film adaptation of the stage musical directed by Alan Parker only two years later. Trouble in Israel occurred when Orthodox Jews staged protests to force the cancellation of the singer's first-ever show in that country. The rallies were unsuccessful as the show was sold out and went on as scheduled.
Concert synopsis.
The show was divided into four sections: "Dominatrix", "Studio 54", "Weimar Cabaret", and "Encore". It began with calliope fanfare as a pierrot - who makes several cameos later - appears from the red curtain near a tall go-go pole on which a topless dancer Carrie Ann Inaba performed. Madonna then makes her entrance striking poses in dominatrix gear from a spotlit platform to sing "Erotica". Next came "Fever" where she partially strips and dances suggestively before disappearing among flames. "Vogue" is performed in a beaded headdress with a Hindu flavor; she serenaded the audience with a Motown-influenced "Rain", complete with a "Singin' In The Rain" dance interlude which features the pierrot. Afterwards, she descends from the ceiling on a giant glitter ball, wearing a blond afro wig (inspired by the 1932 film "Blonde Venus" which stars Marlene Dietrich) to perform a disco-styled "Express Yourself" and "Deeper and Deeper". Following a simulated orgy, she sings "Why's It So Hard" and "In This Life"; the pierrot watches Madonna during the latter song.
Another interlude, "The Beast Within", features an apocalyptic dance with sexual overtones. This leads to "Like A Virgin", where Madonna performed in a classic tuxedo with a Marlene Dietrich vocal accent; the pierrot returns to interact. She then acts as a sideshow barker, singing "Bye Bye Baby" during a chair routine with her dancing girls; this was done in the same manner as her performance at the 1993 MTV Video Music Awards. After the Hispanic "I'm Going Bananas", she staged a rendition of "La Isla Bonita" before donning military trench coats for a marching, funked-up version of "Holiday"; the circus theme is heard before and after this song. For encores, she appeared in Victorian-themed costumes for "Justify My Love", and finally brought the house down with a minimal "Everybody". As the red curtain fell and carnival music played, the pierrot emerged yet again, only to reveal its identity as Madonna herself: she closed the show by singing the phrase "Everybody is a Star".
Broadcasts and recordings.
The broadcast was produced in association with HBO and was titled "Madonna Live Down Under: The Girlie Show". Initially, the November 20 show, the second of two dates at the Sydney Cricket Ground, was to be filmed and aired. However, a massive storm forced the cancellation of the show, so the November 19 show, which had been filmed as a "safety show", was aired instead in USA (HBO) and Germany (Premiere). A month later an edited version of this original broadcast was shown on UK TV (Sky). A re-edited version of this concert was released worldwide on VHS and Laserdisc on April 26, 1994 as "". It was nominated for the Grammy Award of Best Long Form Music Video in 1995.
Additional video recordings were made during the Japanese leg of the tour and shown only on Japanese television, "Madonna Live in Japan 1993 – The Girlie Show" and the October 7 show at the Inonu Stadium in Istanbul was aired on ATV in Turkey. UK radio station, BBC Radio 1, broadcast the entire second show at Wembley Stadium on December 26 and Brazilian radio broadcast the show at Maracanã stadium, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil with live commentary.
Setlist.
Source:
Tour dates.
Opening act.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="2914765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914765" title="Kingsland, London">
Kingsland, London

Kingsland was a small road-side settlement centred on Kingsland High Street on the Old North Road (the present A10), around the junction with Dalston Lane. It is no longer discernable as a separate settlement, though the historic street pattern remains. Since the opening of Dalston Junction station in 1865, the area has become known as Dalston, which was originally a separate hamlet further east. Though once part of the county of Middlesex, the area is now within the London Borough of Hackney.
History.
Origins.
"Kingsland" derives its name from being the hunting grounds of a Tudor royal residence at Newington Green – hence "King's Lands". At the time, the area was still heavily forested – as part of a forest stretching from Shoreditch to Enfield Chase – and roamed by wild bulls, stags and wild boars. Deforestation occurred quickly as the demands of the nearby City took wood for building and firewood, and the cleared land was quarried for brick clay. There were many wells and springs in the district. The (now lost) Pigwell Brook had its source on Kingsland Green and followed the line of the modern Graham Road, before joining Hackney Brook in the region of Church Street (now the Narroway). Another chalybeate spring beyond Dalston was tapped and its water piped to Aldgate in 1535.
The small villages of Kingsland, Dalston, Newington and Shacklewell were all situated within the Parish of Hackney and were grouped together for assessment purposes. Together they had only as many houses as the village of Hackney. In 1672, Kingsland had 28 householders assessed for hearth tax, but expanded rapidly in the 18th century, along the line of Kingsland Road, north of the junction, and by 1724 had five inns, compared to Dalston's two. The road was heavily trafficked, including goods wagons pulled by six or more horses, and this caused the road surface to deteriorate. The local parishes appealed to Parliament in 1713 for the right to set up a Turnpike Trust, to pay for the necessary maintenance. Gates were installed at Kingsland and Stamford Hill to collect the tolls. The village was still very rural, with market gardens established around the village. Large scale development began in 1807, again by the main road, and a new estate was created on Lamb farm, to the south and west of the junction. By 1831, building began along Dalston Lane, linking the two villages.
In his youth, Samuel Pepys lodged in the village, for a while with his brother Tom and his nurse, Goody Lawrence. Also, it is recorded that Pepys "used to shoot with bow and arrows" here in the 17th century.
Kingsland had a six-penny bath and a leper hospital, south of the green, also known as the 'Lock Hospital'. This was founded in 1280 by the City of London, as one of ten located on the main roads from the City. This continued until 1559 and the last case of leprosy in London. From 1549, the hospital was administered by St Bartholomew's Hospital, and treated other infectious diseases. After the Great Fire, St Bartholomew's no longer had the funds to support the Lock hospital, but patients were accepted if they could fund their own care – this continued until 1680, when again the main hospital was able to resume funding. By 1669, there were six wards, by then for women only – male patients were sent to Southwark. The hospital was rebuilt in 1720, but closed in 1760. The hospital had a chapel, dedicated to St Bartholomew. This was used, informally, as a chapel of ease, saving residents the walk to church at the parish church in Hackney. At the closure of the hospital, local people petitioned to keep the chapel open; it was never repaired and was in poor condition in the 1820s, being demolished in 1846.
Disappearing district.
The main part of the village was located near Dalston junction where the road to Hackney left the main road, and today this is only commemorated by the name of "Kingsland Shopping centre". However, the name of Kingsland is still seen in street and station names, and on some modern maps, but the district no longer appears on road signs as a destination. The various parts of the original district have now been absorbed into surrounding areas, for instance, the area of Kingsland to the east of Kingsland Road is now the ward of Queensbridge within the Borough of Hackney.
Before the arrival of the railways, in about 1850, Kingsland was the dominant village, which is why the section of the A10 road that is modern Dalston's main shopping centre is "Kingsland" High Street, and why "Kingsland" Road, not Dalston Road, extends south from the junction. "Dalston" was previously the name for a less important settlement situated further east, at the junction of Dalston Lane and Cecilia Road.
The North London Railway was opened in 1865, and adopted "Dalston Junction" as the name of the junction and new station – one of the most important on the line, since it connected directly with the City. Over time, the area round the junction became known by the name of the station – a common phenomenon in London.
Transport and locale.
Opening in June 2010, the nearest London Overground stations are "Dalston Junction" and "Haggerston"

</doc>
<doc id="2914772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914772" title="Undulose extinction">
Undulose extinction

Undulose extinction or undulatory extinction is a geological term referring to the type of extinction that occurs in certain minerals when examined in thin section under cross polarized light. As the microscope stage is rotated, individual mineral grains appear black when the polarization due to the mineral prevents any light from passing through. If a mineral is deformed plastically by dislocation processes without recovery, strain builds up within the crystal lattice causing it to warp. This means that different parts of a crystal reach extinction at slightly different angles, giving the crystal an irregular, mottled look.
Undulose extinction is very common in quartz, so much so that it is often used as a diagnostic feature of that mineral, and feldspar of various sorts, but is possible in almost any mineral.
The presence of undulose extinction may help to infer that a crystal grew before a deformation event. However, some minerals acquire undulose extinction easily and even under the effect of minor or local deformations.

</doc>
<doc id="2914781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914781" title="Chalkware">
Chalkware

Chalkware was figurines either made of sculpted gypsum or cast from plaster moulds and painted with watercolors; most typically those made in one of two periods: the first beginning in the late 18th century and ending by the beginning of the 20th century, the second being during the Great Depression. Those made during the first period were more typically serious art; those during the second period were more typically somewhat jocular. Early chalkware was often hollow and can be difficult to find unblemished.
Today, chalkware is more commonly known as a high quality art medium. Judi Vaillancourt was the first to created this medium using a fine plaster substance combined with confectionery moulds to create long lasting collectibles; making them commercially available under the company Vaillancourt Folk Art. Chalkware is still commercially available today using the moulding technique developed by Ms. Vaillancourt at department stores such as Neiman Marcus, Macy's, and museum gift shoppes like Colonial Williamsburg and Old Sturbridge Village.
Carnival chalk.
“Carnival chalk” refers to chalkware figures given out as carnival game prizes during the first half of the 20th century. Later, they were mostly replaced by the more popular (and usually more politically correct) stuffed animals.

</doc>
<doc id="2914802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914802" title="Majorana equation">
Majorana equation

The Majorana equation is a relativistic wave equation similar to the Dirac equation but includes the charge conjugate ψc of a spinor ψ. It is named after the Italian physicist Ettore Majorana, and it is
with the derivative operator formula_2 written in Feynman slash notation to include the gamma matrices as well as a summation over the spinor components. In this equation ψc is the charge conjugate of ψ, which can be defined in the Majorana basis as
Equation (1) can alternatively be expressed as
In either case, the quantity in the equation is called the Majorana mass. 
The appearance of both ψ and ψc in the Majorana equation means that the field ψ cannot be coupled to an electromagnetic field without violating charge conservation, so ψ is taken to be neutrally charged. Nonetheless, the quanta of the Majorana equation given here are two particle species, a neutral particle and its neutral antiparticle. The Majorana equation is frequently supplemented by the condition that (in which case one says that ψ is a Majorana spinor); this results in a single neutral particle. For a Majorana spinor, the Majorana equation is equivalent to the Dirac equation.
Particles corresponding to Majorana spinors are aptly called Majorana particles. Such a particle is its own antiparticle. Thus far, of all the fermions included in the Standard Model, none is described as a Majorana fermion. However, there is the possibility that the neutrino is of a Majorana nature. If so, neutrinoless double-beta decay, as well as a range of lepton-number violating meson and charged lepton decays, are possible. A number of experiments probing whether the neutrino is a Majorana particle are currently underway.

</doc>
<doc id="2914807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914807" title="Associated Food Stores">
Associated Food Stores

Associated Food Stores is an American retailers cooperative that supplies about 500 independently owned retail supermarkets throughout Utah, Arizona, Idaho, Colorado, Montana, North Dakota, Oregon, Nevada and Wyoming. The company was founded by Donald P. Lloyd in 1940, who was the president of the Utah Retail Grocers Association. It reported over US$1.6 billion in sales during fiscal year 2007 and is currently the fifty-sixth largest grocery retailer in the country by volume with 23% of its total sales coming from its corporate stores.
In 2009, Associated Food Stores purchased 34 Albertsons stores in Utah from Supervalu Inc. The stores were renamed Associated Fresh Market and focus on fresh produce and meat. At the end of October 2010, 3 stores were closed due to poor performances. Since then, five additional FreshMarket stores have closed, leaving them with a total of 26 as of early 2012.
History.
Associated Food Stores was founded in 1940 by Donald P. Lloyd, president of the Utah Retail Grocers Association along with 34 Utah retailers. Concerned with effect that large corporate stores would have on small independent retailers, he felt the only way these small businesses could survive is if they united and faced the competition as one, therefore increasing their collective buying power. He convinced 34 stores to donate $300 to help build an independent and "associated" warehouse.
Corporate Stores.
As well as supplying independent grocers, Associated Food Stores also owns several corporate stores under five different names. Fresh Market, Macey's, Lin's, Dick's Market, and Dan's (all in Utah Except for one Lin's in Overton, Nevada) are all owned and operated by Associated Food Stores. It was reported in 2007 that 23% of the company's total sales came from its corporate stores.
Western Family.
Associated Food Stores is a primary distributor of the popular store brand Western Family owned by Western Family Foods. This also includes Better Buy, Shurfine, Shursavings and Marketchoice brands.
Other Stores.
Popular stores supplied by Associated Food Stores. 

</doc>
<doc id="2914824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914824" title="Manuel Philes">
Manuel Philes

Manuel Philes (c. 1275–1345), of Ephesus, Byzantine poet.
At an early age he removed to Constantinople, where he was the pupil of Georgius Pachymeres, in whose honour he composed a memorial poem. Philes appears to have travelled extensively, and his writings contain much information concerning the imperial court and distinguished Byzantines. Having offended one of the emperors by indiscreet remarks published in a chronography, he was thrown into prison and only released after an abject apology.
Philes is the counterpart of Theodorus Prodromus in the time of the Comneni; his character, as shown in his poems, is that of a begging poet, always pleading poverty, and ready to descend to the grossest flattery to obtain the favorable notice of the great. With one unimportant exception, his productions are in verse, the greater part in dodecasyllabic iambic trimeters, the remainder in the fifteen-syllable "political" measure.
Philes was the author of poems on a great variety of subjects: on the characteristics of animals, chiefly based upon Aelian and Oppian, a didactic poem of some 2000 lines, dedicated to Michael IX Palaiologos; on the elephant; on plants; a necrological poem, probably written on the death of one of the sons of the imperial house; a panegyric on John VI Kantakouzenos, in the form of a dialogue; a conversation between a man and his soul; on ecclesiastical subjects, such as church festivals, Christian beliefs, the saints and fathers of the church; on works of art, perhaps the most valuable of all his pieces for their bearing on Byzantine iconography, since the writer had before him the works he describes, and also the most successful from a literary point of view; occasional poems, many of which are simply begging letters in verse.
Editions.
The natural history poems in F.S. Lehrs and F. Duebner (edd.), "Poetae bucolici et didactici" (Paris: Didot series, 1862); "Manuelis Philae Carmina inedita", ed. A Martini (1900); "Manuelis Philae Carmina" ed. E Miller (1855–1857). See also Karl Krumbacher, "Geschichte der byzantinischen Litteratur" (1897).

</doc>
<doc id="2914828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914828" title="Sakartvelos Skauturi Modzraobis Organizatsia">
Sakartvelos Skauturi Modzraobis Organizatsia

Sakartvelos Skauturi Modzraobis Organizatsia (in Georgian: საქართველოს სკაუტური მოძრაობის ორგანიზაცია; "Georgian Organization of the Scout Movement"), the national Scouting organization of Georgia, was founded in 1994, and became a member of the World Organization of the Scout Movement in 1997. The coeducational Sakartvelos Skauturi Modzraobis Organizatsia has 1,343 members as of 2011.
History.
Scouting first came to what is now the Republic of Georgia around the 1920s, by way of the British business community in the western part of the country. There was no formalized Georgian Scouting within Georgia prior to the breakup of the former USSR, and within Georgia, Scouting did not exist during the period preceding the collapse of the Soviet Union.
Rebirth.
In 1992, students at Tbilisi State University began to take an interest in Scouting. The Georgian Scouting Organization was officially founded in 1994 and become the 147th member of the World Scout Movement in January, 1998. Sak'art'velos Skauturi Modzraobis Organizatsia presently has 1,092 members, both boys and girls. Georgian Scouts have actively participated in several World Scouting events, Jamborees and Moots, including the 1995 World Jamboree in the Netherlands (at the invitation of the World Scout Committee) and the Chile World Jamboree in 1998-99. 
In the summer of 1996, two Georgian Scouts attended the National Jamboree in Denmark. Although they arrived late due to visa problems, they expressed gratitude for being able to attend, and took back with them a lot of information about Scouting programs in Denmark. 
The Scouts et Guides de France have been working with the Georgian Scouts to help with organization, training and programs. The Georgian Scouts maintain close ties with Scouts de France and other European and Eurasian Scout Associations. It is expected that the Georgian Scouts will grow rapidly through the schools.
In 2008, a group of about 20 Scouts went to Sweden for a Swedish camp together with Norra Lidingö Sjöscoutkår (Northern Lidingö Sea Scout troop). The camp took place during the beginning of the Georgian-Russian war. In 2009, a group of Swedish Scouts from the same troop went to Georgia to attend in a Georgian Scout camp and after the camp home hospitality. Georgian Scouts plan to revisit Sweden in 2010, and the Swedish Scouts plan to visit Georgia again in 2011, the same year as the World Scout Jamboree in Sweden.
Program and ideals.
The Scout Motto is "იყავი მზად" (ikavi mzad), translating as "Be Prepared" in Georgian. The Georgian noun for a single Scout is სკაუტი, transliterating as skauti. 
The fleur-de-lis in the membership badge of Sak'art'velos Skauturi Modzraobis Organizatsia is made of the initials of the organization S-S-M-O in the Georgian alphabet.
Scout Oath (პირობა ["Piroba"], Promise).
Transliteration: "pirobas vdeb, rom qovel ḡones vixmar, rata movixado vali ḡvt'is, samšoblos da sak'ut'ari t'avis cinaše. qovelt'vis da qvelgan davexmaro adamianebs da vic'xovro sk'autebis kanonebis šesabamisad".
Translation: 
I promise that I will do my best – 
To do my duty to God, my Country and to myself,
To help other peoples at all times and in all places,
To obey the Scout Law.
Scout Law (კანონი ["Kanoni"]).
1. სკაუტის სიტყვას ენდობიან ("skautis sityvas endobian");
2. სკაუტი მუდამ გვერდში გიდგათ ("skauti mudam gverdshi gidgat");
3. სკაუტი ყველასთვის მეგობარია და ყველა სკაუტის ძმაა ("skauti yvelastvis megobaria da yvela skautis dzmaa");
4. სკაუტი ზრდილობიანია ("skauti zrdilobiania");
5. სკაუტი ბუნების მეგობარია ("skauti bunebis megobaria");
6. სკაუტი არასოდეს ნებდება ("skauti arasodes nebdeba");
7. სკაუტი გულწრფელია ფიქრით, სიტყვითა და საქმით ("skauti gultsrpelia fiqrit, sitqvita da saqmit").
Translation:
1. A Scout is trustworthy;
2. A Scout is always by your side;
3. A Scout is a friend to all, and a brother to every other Scout; 
4. A Scout is courteous;
5. A Scout is a friend to Nature;
6. A Scout never gives up;
7. A Scout is clean of thoughts, words and actions.

</doc>
<doc id="2914831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914831" title="Anti-proverb">
Anti-proverb

An anti-proverb or a perverb is the transformation of a standard proverb for humorous effect. Mieder defines them as "parodied, twisted, or fractured proverbs that reveal humorous or satirical speech play with traditional proverbial wisdom". They have also been defined as "an allusive distortion, parody, misapplication, or unexpected contextualization of a recognized proverb, usually for comic or satiric." To have full effect, an anti-proverb must be based on a known proverb. For example, "If at first you don't succeed, quit" is only funny if the hearer knows the standard proverb "If at first you don't succeed, try, try again." Anti-proverbs are used commonly in advertising, such as "Put your burger where your mouth is" from Red Robin. Anti-proverbs are also common on T-shirts, such as "Taste makes waist" and "If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you".
Anti-proverbs have been used and recognized a long time, though the term "anti-proverb" was not coined until 1982 by Wolfgang Mieder. The term became more established with the publication of "Twisted Wisdom: Modern Anti-Proverbs" by Wolfgang Mieder and Anna T. Litovkina,
Standard proverbs are essentially defined phrases, well-known to many people, as e. g. "Don't bite the hand that feeds you". When this sequence slightly changed ("Don’t bite the hand that looks dirty") it becomes an anti-proverb.
There have been various attempts at classifying different types of anti-proverbs, based on structure and semantics, including by Mieder, Litovkina, and Valdeva. What follows is somewhat synthetic of these.
They were one of the many experimental styles explored by the French literary movement Oulipo. The term is attributed to Maxine Groffsky. The concept was popularised by Oulipo collaborator Harry Mathews in his "Selected Declarations of Dependence" (1977).
Variations.
Splicing two proverbs.
In a slightly different pattern of reshaping proverbs humorously, pieces of multiple proverbs can be spliced together, e.g. “Never count the bear’s skin before it is hatched” and “There’s a good deal to be said for making hay while the iron is hot.”
Garden path proverb.
The term has also been used to describe a garden path sentence based on a proverb; namely, a sentence that starts out like the proverb, but ends in such a way that the listener is forced to back up and re-parse several words in order to get its real sense:
Perverbs beginning with "Time flies like ..." are popular examples in linguistics, e.g. to illustrate concepts related to syntax parsing. These examples are presumably inspired by the quip "Time flies like the wind; fruit flies like a banana", attributed to Groucho Marx.
To be effective in written form, a garden-path perverb must have the same spelling and punctuation as the original proverb, up to the point where the reader is supposed to back up, as in the "time flies" example above. These spelling or punctuation constraints may be relaxed in perverbs that are spoken, rather than written:
Proverb with surprising or silly ending.
The term is also used in the weaker sense of any proverb that was modified to have an unexpected, dumb, amusing, or nonsensical ending — even if the changed version is no harder to parse than the original:
The perverb "A rolling stone gathers momentum" (based on the saying by Publilius Syrus) is moderately popular in technology-minded circles, having been featured in several bumper stickers and T-shirts.
Pun on a proverb.
The word has also been used for puns on proverbs:

</doc>
<doc id="2914845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914845" title="Shivani">
Shivani

Gaura Pant (October 17, 1923– 21 March 2003), better known as Shivani, was one of the popular Hindi magazine story writers of the 20th century and a pioneer in writing Indian women based fiction. She was awarded the Padma Shri for her contribution to Hindi literature in 1982. Almost all of her works are in print today and widely available across India.
She garnered a massive following in the pre-television 60s and 70s, as her literary works (like her most famous novel, 'Krishnakali'), were serialised in Hindi magazines like Dharmayug and Saptahik Hindustan, leading to her cult status as a Hindi magazine novelist. Through her writings, she also made the culture of Kumaon, somewhat known to Hindi-speaking Indians across the country. Her novel 'Kariye Chima' was made into a film, while her other novels including 'Surangma', 'Rativilaap', 'Mera Beta', and 'Teesra Beta' have been turned into Television serials 
Upon her death in 2003, Government of India described her contributions to Hindi literature as, "...in the death of Shivani the Hindi literature world has lost a popular and eminent novelist and the void is difficult to fill".
Biography.
Gaura Pant 'Shivani' was born on October 17, 1924, the Vijaya Dasami day in Rajkot, Gujarat, where her father, Ashwini Kumar Pande was a teacher with princely state of Rajkot.He was a Kumaoni Brahmin. Her mother was a Sanskrit scholar, and the first student of Lucknow Mahila Vidyalaya. Later her father became the Diwan with the Nawab of Rampur and the member of Viceroy's Bar Council, thereafter the family moved to the princely state of Orchha, where her father held an important position. Thus Shivani's childhood had influences of these varied places, and an insight into women of privilege, which reflected in much of her work. At Lucknow, she became the first student of the local, 'Lucknow Mahila Vidyalaya'.
As she grew older, she along with her brother and a sister, went to live with her grandfather, a Sanskrit scholar and a founding member of Banaras Hindu University.
In 1935, Shivani's first story was published in the Hindi Children's magazine 'Natkhat', at age twelve. That was also when, the three siblings were sent to the study at Rabindranath Tagore's Visva-Bharati University at Shantiniketan. Rabindranath Tagore even visited their ancestral home in Almora several times.
Shivani remained at Shantiniketan for another 9 years, left as a graduate in 1943. It was this period that she took to writing whole-heartedly and had the most profound influence in her writing sensibilities, a period she recounts vividly in her book, 'Amader Shantiniketan'.
Career.
In 1951, her short story, 'Main Murga Hun' (I am a Chicken) was published in Dharmayug, and she became Shivani, from Gaura Pant.
Her first novel, Lal Haveli, established her reputation in the early sixties, and in the next ten years she produced several major works which were serialized in the Hindi magazine, Dharmayug. Proficient in many other languages including Sanskrit, Gujarati, Bengali, Urdu, and English, Shivani received the Padma Shri for her contribution to Hindi literature in 1982.
She was a prolific writer, her oeuvre consists of over 40 novels, many short stories and hundreds of articles and essays. Her most famous works include Chaudah Phere, Krishnakali, Lal Haveli, Smashan Champa, Bharavi, Rati Vilap, Vishkanya, Apradhini (a collection of interviews with women lifers); travelogues: 'Yatriki', based on her London travels and 'Chareivati', based on her travels to Russia.
Towards the end of her life, Shivani took to autobiographical writings, first sighted in her book, 'Shivani ki Sresth Kahaniyan', followed by her two-part memoir, ‘Smriti Kalash’ and ‘Sone De’, whose title she borrowed from the epitaph of a 15th Century Urdu Poet:
"Thak Gaya Hoon Neend Aa Rahi Hai Sone De"
"Bahut Hein Zindagi Mene Diya Hai Saath Tere"
(I am tired, sleep overtakes me, let me rest
I have been long enough with you in the journey of life)
Shivani continued to write till her last days, and died on 21 March 2003 in New Delhi.
In 2005, Her daughter, Hindi writer, Ira Pande, published a memoir based on Shivani's life, titled 'Diddi' My Mother's Voice. 'Diddi' in Kumaoni means elder sister, and that's what her children used to address her, as she really was a friend to them.
Thematic style.
"Shivani's fiction proclaims a quiet, warm humanism. Characters who might seem pale and uninteresting in real life– an undistinguished, very orthodox Brahmin priest in a village up in the foothills of the Himalayas, his traditional wife, the village idiot, the widowed mother– take on a human glow and their lives an unexpected resonance. It is the small events, little gestures, nondescript people, that suffuse the world of Shivani's fiction with hope, and the future is something one enters with courage. Shivani's feminism is like a gentle humanism that does not stop short when it meets the female. Within the world-view of her fiction, there are few contradictions or problems that cannot be transcended with a little sympathy and a belief in the goodness of humankind."
- 'Women Writing in India', "Vol II, by Susie Tharu & K. Lalitha".
Many, if not most, of her stories were romances wherein the main protagonist was a beautiful and strong Kumaoni Brahmin woman who was also proficient in speaking the Bangla language, perhaps Shivani's own imaginary alter ego.
Family.
Shivani was married to Shuk Deo Pant (S. D. Pant), a teacher who worked in the Education Department of Uttar Pradesh, which led to the family travelling to various places including Allahabad, Nainital (1958–1964 and 1966–1968)( Priory Lodge at Nainital, where Shivani stayed, 1958–1964 and 1966–1968), before settling in Lucknow, where she stayed till her last days. She had four children, seven grandchildren and three great-grandchildren.
Her husband died at an early age, leaving her to take care of the four children, but a resilient Shivani chose to live independently at 66, Gulistan, Lucknow, for over three decades – her home became a gathering place for budding writers and literary researchers. Her two daughters, Mrinal Pande and Ira Pande, are established writers, and Mrinal is currently Chairman of Prasar Bharati, the apex body of Indian broadcasting. Shivani's other two children are Veena Joshi, and Muktesh (Micky) Pant, who now lives in Dallas, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="2914857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914857" title="Dag Ingebrigtsen">
Dag Ingebrigtsen

Dag Ingebrigtsen (born on 12 December 1958 in Trondheim, Norway) is a Norwegian musician who had his debut in 1977 with the group Subway Suck. He got his breakthrough in 1980 with the rock band The Kids, who had the hit "Forelska i lærer'n" ("In love with the teacher"). After his success with The Kids, he fronted the Norwegian hard rock band TNT. He sang and played rhythm guitar on their self-titled debut album in 1982 before being replaced by American Tony Harnell two years later. He recently reunited with TNT live during their 25th Anniversary concert to sing "Harley Davidson".
He is the father of the ski jumper Tommy Ingebrigtsen.

</doc>
<doc id="2914907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914907" title="Rize (disambiguation)">
Rize (disambiguation)

Rize is a city and the capital of Rize Province in Turkey.
Rize may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2914910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914910" title="Re-Invention World Tour">
Re-Invention World Tour

The Re-Invention World Tour was the sixth concert tour by American singer-songwriter Madonna. It supported her ninth studio album "American Life" and visited North America and Europe. Madonna was inspired to create the tour, after taking part in an art installation called X-STaTIC PRo=CeSS, directed by photographer Steven Klein. She incorporated the images from the installation in the tour, whose name was in reality a dig at Madonna's critics. A number of songs were rehearsed for the tour, with twenty-four of them making the final setlist.
The tour was divided into five segments: "French Baroque-Marie Antoinette" Revival, "Military-Army", "Circus-Cabaret", "Acoustic" and "Scottish-Tribal". The costumes were developed by designer Arianne Phillips based on the concept of re-invention. The opening segment displayed performances with dance in general. "Military" segment displayed performances with the theme of warfare. "Circus" displayed light-hearted performances while the "Acoustic" segment performances were melancholy. The final "Scottish" segment had Madonna and her performers display energetic dance routines. The tour garnered positive reception from contemporary critics. However, fellow singer Elton John accused Madonna of lip-synching on the tour. Madonna's representatives denied the allegations and John later apologized.
Re-Invention Tour was a commercial success. Tickets were completely sold as soon as dates and venues for the tour were announced, prompting the organizers to add more dates. After it wrapped up, the tour was named as the highest grossing tour of 2004, earning US $125 million ($ million in dollars) from 56 shows with 900,000 fans. It won the Top Tour award as part of the 2004 Billboard Touring Awards. The tour was chronicled in a documentary titled "I'm Going to Tell You a Secret". A CD+DVD was also released along with the film.
Background.
The Re-Invention World Tour was Madonna's sixth concert tour in support of her ninth studio album "American Life". In 2003, Madonna collaborated with photographer Steven Klein for an art installation project called "X-STaTIC Pro=CeSS". The installation portrayed Madonna in different incarnations of her spiritual practices – from yogi, prophet, queen to freak and pole dancer. The publication was a worldwide success, leading to a number of exhibitions in New York, London, Paris, Düsseldorf, Berlin and Florence. After the exhibition was over, Madonna was inspired by the images from the exhibitions and decided to incorporate them into her then unplanned tour and asked Klein to help her with the task. The poster released for the tour used one of the images from the installation project. It featured Madonna in a seventeenth century style dress, crawling on all fours towards the camera. Klein later commented that,
"The thing is, I always saw Madonna as a performance artist. And I think what I wanted to portray was the process about how a performer arrives at their work. And the thing is, what she had talked about as well, is that before a concert, what she finds very interesting is the rehearsals and the straining and maybe she would like to injure. [...] And she said that the process of making the concert became more intriguing than the final result."
The main intention of the tour was to transform Madonna's old hits musically and display her capacity for transformation and self-reflection. The tour was initially known as the Whore of Babylon World Tour. The idea was to portray Madonna as the Whore of Babylon, the figure of evil as mentioned in the Book of Revelation. However it was later changed to the Re-Invention World Tour, to make it a self-confident dig at all the critics and people who have expressed their views about Madonna re-inventing her image over the years. The official tour poster displayed Madonna in a vintage bolero gown and a large French Renaissance-like hair-bun. Air-conditioning was turned off during the tour on Madonna's request as she claimed it dried up her throat during singing.
Development.
During the rehearsals of the tour, a general setlist was decided where the show rehearsals would start with "I'm So Stupid" from "American Life", "Dress You Up" (1985) and "Material Girl" (1985). But "Dress You Up" and "I'm So Stupid" were later dropped from the show. Other songs taken out from the initial set list include "Love Profusion" Headcleaner Mix (2004), "Swim" from "Ray of Light" (1998), "Live to Tell" (1986) and "Take a Bow" (1994). "Nobody Knows Me" was first rehearsed in Peter Rauhofer's Perfect Private Life Mix. The opening song for the show was decided as "Vogue" (1990) for a long time, until Madonna decided to use "The Beast Within" as the opener. The finale of the show was decided to be "Holiday" (1983) rather than "Die Another Day" (2002) with the John Lennon song "Imagine" (1971) being added to the setlist. "Don't Tell Me" (2001) was rehearsed in two versions – a French video backdrop version for the American leg and Paris shows, and the "Bitter Sweet Symphony" version for the other tour stops. Two new tracks rehearsed for the show included "Devil Wouldn't Recognize You", written by Madonna and Joe Henry, and "I Love New York". The latter was incorporated as a bonus track of the live Re-Invention Tour CD "I'm Going To Tell You A Secret" (2005) and remade as a dance track for her tenth studio album "Confessions on a Dance Floor" (2005), while the former was included in her eleventh studio album "Hard Candy" (2008). "Ray of Light" was also rehearsed during the initial phases, but Madonna later decided to eliminate it, as performing the song at the beginning of the show would hurt her voice beforehand. Finally twenty-four of the thirty rehearsed songs ended up on being the official setlist for the show.
The costumes for the tour were created by designer Arianne Phillips. Before the show started, "USA Today" reported that Madonna will be making five costume changes in the tour. Phillips commented that since Madonna was revisiting her old songs for this tour, hence that was the main philosophy and inspiration behind designing the costumes. However she also noted that "Madonna has always pooh-poohed the concept of reinvention and doesn't strategize or premeditate her new look in a boardroom, so this is the greatest ironic statement of all." The T-shirts were designed by Jean-Paul Gaultier and the shoes used were provided by clothing line hosiery Miu Miu. The opening dress was created by French designer Christian Lacroix and incorporated the baroque look. The second part of the displayed military themed outfits inspired from the "American Life" album and designed by Phillips. The third ensemble emphasized on the emotional point of the show and hence the costumes were quieter and displayed the silhouettes of the performers. The costumes of this segment were designed by Stella McCartney. Phase four costumes, inspired by the carnivals, were designed by Chanel. The final segment of the tour displayed traditional dresses. Other than these, Madonna wore corsets during the first segment.
Concert synopsis.
The central theme of the show was unity versus violence. It was divided into five acts with different themes: "French Baroque-Marie Antoinette Revival", "Military-Army", "Circus-Cabaret", "Acoustic" and "Scottish-Tribal" segments. It began with "The Beast Within", an ominous recitation from the Book of Revelation by Arabic singer Fairuz and the screens displaying Madonna's X-STaTIC PRo=CeSS installations. Once the introduction had finished, Madonna appeared onstage on a rising platform in a golden corset (for some European shows she wore a lilac one), striking yoga poses to perform "Vogue". It was followed by the energetically performed "Nobody Knows Me" on a conveyor belt with some of the words to the song appearing on the screens, then "Frozen", during which a video of a naked male and a naked female wrestling, caressing and intertwining in water, their faces and genitals darkened by shadows so as to preserve their androgyny, were displayed on the backdrops. This video was directed by Chris Cunningham, who directed Madonna's original music video to the song. The military segment started with the sound of a helicopter in the background as Madonna's backup dancers, dressed as soldiers, crawled on their bellies as though in the middle of battle, then hugged each other as if saying goodbye. Madonna appeared onstage, on top of a structure made up of TV sets, wearing camouflage pants, an olive army jacket and black beret. She started performing "American Life" as war footage of death and destruction flashed on screens behind her (at the end of the song, it showed a George W. Bush look-alike lovingly resting his head on the shoulder of a Saddam Hussein look-alike, as though the pair were waiting for a marriage license ). During the performance Madonna ran down a lengthy V-shaped catwalk that descended from the ceiling and allowed her to reach the middle of the stadium. She also twirled army rifles during a march-like "Express Yourself" before strapping on a guitar for rock versions of "Burning Up" and "Material Girl". During the latter's performances, the backdrops displayed mathematical equations along with DNA helixes rushing through the screens. A remix interlude of "Hollywood" featured a breakdancer, a firedancer, a bellydancer, a tapdancer and a skateboarder. The screens displayed animations of tarot cards. 
The interlude was followed by a Cabaret-like performance of "Hanky Panky", which started the Circus act. Next a jazz version of "Deeper and Deeper" was performed with her two female back-up dancers. Then followed "Die Another Day", with Madonna and her dancers in a Tango-like choreography and backdrops displayed an old man in his deathbed. After that, she was strapped into an electric chair as she started singing "Lament" from the soundtrack of the film "Evita" and the platform rises with her to the top. Madonna commented later that "Lament" was her "favorite part, [...] I like the idea of being restrained. I'm singing about all the things I could have had, but my ego got in the way and I destroyed all my happiness." A remix/video interlude of "Bedtime Story" was performed as dancers swung on trapezes. An acoustic-style segment started with "Nothing Fails", with the guitar being played by Madonna herself. After that, she sang "Don't Tell Me", recreating the choreography from the song's video with her dancers. The next song played was "Like a Prayer" where symbols of the 72 names of God were displayed on the backdrops. During the performance of the combined "Mother and Father", Catholic images along with Madonna's Mother were displayed on the backdrops. Madonna then performed John Lennon's pro-peace song "Imagine" when photo montages of war-ravaged children, bombed-out villages and artillery were displayed in the backdrops. Asked why she chose to cover this song Madonna simply said: "I wanted to make a statement with the ultimate peace song." 
The final segment started with Scottish bagpiper players parading around the stage in kilts and playing drums and pipes. Madonna appeared onstage in similar long kilts and a white sleeveless t-shirt to perform "Into the Groove" with Scottish bagpiper Lorne Cousin. A video simulation of the rapper Missy Elliott is played during the performance; later on, Madonna started singing "Papa Don't Preach" Madonna wore black t-shirts with the line "Kabbalists Do It Better" printed on them. Other lines printed on the t-shirts for various other shows included "Midwesterners Do It Better", "Italians Do It Better" "Irish Do It Better" and "Brits Do It Better". "Papa Don't Preach" is performed with Madonna whirling on the raised platform and then singing the song. During the end-segment while performing that song and "Crazy for You", Which she Dedicates to all her fans for 'Sticking by me for the last 20 years!". The last two performances consisted of "Music" and the show closer, "Holiday" which was backed by a montage of morphing flags on the backdrops. The show ended with cannon shots of confetti and the phrase "Reinvent yourself" appearing onscreen.
Critical response.
The show received positive reviews and critical acclaim. David Segal from "The Washington Post" noted that the "difference between this show and the last, the Drowned World Tour of 2001, was striking. That show seems standoffish compared with this one, in part because Madonna has finally worked through whatever issues prevented her from performing her earliest hits. [...] Madonna has created a new performance hybrid." Segal's view was shared by Elizabeth Smith from "The New York Times" who also commented that "Unlike 2001's Drowned World Tour, which was dark, often hostile, Re-Invention returns Madonna to the light. She looks as if she is having a good time." Edna Gunderson of "USA Today" gave the concert four out of four stars and said "Madonna seems to be having a jolly good time. Whereas her last outing had technical strengths but lacked warmth, Reinvention finds Madonna reinvested emotionally. The show doesn't have the degree of flesh, carnal content or shock value that past outings delivered, but this time Madonna is opting for more heart than cleavage and more personality than profanity." Joshua Klein from "Chicago Tribune" commented that Madonna's show displayed more spectacle than substance. 
Sal Cinquemani from Slant Magazine commented on the theme of the concert and said that "the best thing that can come out of Madonna revisiting (and reinventing) the past is that she, and we, will be reminded of what she does best: making us forget about the bad times, come together, release the pressure, and have a holiday. "Kelefa Sanneh from "The New York Times" said that the concert was "a dense, dizzying, often incoherent, sometimes exhilarating night, starring a great performer who often found herself shadowboxing with her own past lives." Dan Aquilante from "New York Post" said that the concert "razzle-dazzled her way into the hearts of the devoted audience with an entertaining theatrical revue that was elaborately staged, costumed and cast with a full dance troupe." Thea Singer of the "Boston Herald" said that "Madonna brought Jewish mysticism on tour." John Hand from "BBC" noted that the "Re-Invention Tour happily marriepast and present Madonna. [... It is a far more rounded concert experience for the dedicated fan." However Robert Hilburn from "Los Angeles Times" felt that the show eventually took on a darker, more political tone and condemned the "weakly political Re-Invention concert unsexy and uninspiring."
Commercial reception.
The first tickets for the tour were allotted to the members of "Icon", Madonna's official website members. However, the tour soon started selling all around the world. Originally scheduled to perform in twelve major markets in North America with additional stops in Paris and London, the demand for tickets became so high that in New York City after two Madison Square Garden dates sold out in record time, Madonna's manager Caresse Henry, and the worldwide tour promoter Clear Channel Entertainment, decided to add new dates to the tour. Within the first five days the tour was a sell-out for the dates at Los Angeles, Las Vegas, New York City, Boston, Chicago, Toronto, Philadelphia and Miami. High-priced ticket packages for all dates on the tour were sold from Madonna's tour website Madonnaviptickets.com. The tickets were priced at $700 ($ in dollars) per person. MTV arranged for an on-air contest titled "Front and Center With Madonna Contest" where fans were able to win tickets to an onstage area at any of the scheduled shows. After the tour started, mid-year it was announced that the tour has grossed US $44.9 million ($ million in dollars), from the selling of 258,000 tickets at an average price of $174.17. Her average gross per show was US $6.414 million ($ million in dollars) with still more than half the dates being left.
Before the show was over, "Billboard" magazine projected total sales of $120 million ($ million in dollars) for Re-Invention. This was confirmed by "People" magazine who said that the tour grossed around $120 million from all the shows, thus making it the highest grossing tour of 2004. Although musician Prince's Musicology Tour was initially projected to be the highest grossing tour, "Billboard" Boxscore published that the Re-Invention Tour had sold 55 out of the 56 shows and grossed US $125 million ($ million in dollars). At the 2004 Billboard Touring Awards, Re-Invention Tour received the Top Tour award during the Backstage Pass Conference at New York City's Roosevelt Hotel on November 9, 2004. Madonna's tour manager Caresse Henry was awarded the Top Manager award.
Lip sync allegation.
During the "Q magazine" awards, Elton John accused Madonna for lip-synching in her shows. He commented "Since when has lip-synching been live? Anyone who lip-synchs in public on stage when you pay $134 to see them should be shot. That’s me off her fucking Christmas card list. [...] But do I give a toss? No." Madonna’s publicist, Liz Rosenberg, rejected John’s allegations by saying "Madonna does not lip-sync nor does she spend her time trashing other artists, [...] She sang every note of her Re-Invention tour live and is not ashamed that she was well paid for her hard work. [...] Elton John remains on her Christmas card list whether he is nice...or naughty." John later released a statement to "Entertainment Weekly" saying that he would like to apologize to Madonna for his comments. He said:
I don't want to escalate it because I like Madonna, [...] She's been to my house for dinner. It was something that was said in the heat of the moment, and probably should not have been said. [...] Would I apologize to her if I saw her? Yeah, because I don't want to hurt any artist's feelings. It was my fault. I instigated the whole thing. But it applies to all those bloody teenage singers. [...] The reaction to it was so hysterical, It was like I said, 'I think all gays should be killed or I think Hitler was right.' I just said someone was lip-synching. I'm not afraid to speak my mind. I'm not going to mellow with age. I get more enraged about things as I get older because you see that these injustices go on.
Broadcasts and recordings.
The show was expected to broadcast on CBS. It was taped on the final night in Lisbon. CBS reportedly offered to pay $10 million to broadcast the concert as a two-hour special but it did not happen. Although no official DVD has been released as of February 2010, the full Lisbon concert video leaked online and is available for download and many bootleg DVDs exist for sale. 
A documentary titled "I'm Going to Tell You a Secret", which chronicled the tour, was released. The documentary was recorded during Madonna's performance on the tour and was finished during the recording of Madonna's tenth studio album "Confessions on a Dance Floor". The DVD+CD containing the documentary and a live album of highlights from the show was also released in May 2006. The DVD contained a two-hour long look at the tour, including its rehearsal plus some performance footage, while the CD offers thirteen songs of the set list plus the rock demo of "I Love New York". 
The documentary was directed by Jonas Åkerlund. Barry Walters from "Rolling Stone" commented that "Jonas Akerlund's 2005 kinetic yet personable documentary of Madonna's 2004 Re-Invention Tour lacks the dishy delights of the diva's 1991 "Truth or Dare" doc. Instead, a more worldly Madge struggles to become a less sound-bite-reliant, more sincere person. The bonus live CD proves that she's a better singer." Stephen Thomas Erlewine from Allmusic complimented the release saying "as Madonna's first live CD, "I'm Going to Tell You a Secret" is strong and entertaining, and even if the excessive minutiae on the accompanying DVD means only hardcore fans will sit through its two hours, it's also quite well done." The release debuted at number 33 on the "Billboard" 200 and the top ten in Canada and the European Top 100 Albums etc.
Setlist.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="2914911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914911" title="Modra Observatory">
Modra Observatory

The Astronomical Observatory of Modra (), also known as Modra Observatory or the Astronomical and Geophysical observatory in Modra, is an astronomical observatory located in Modra, Slovakia. It is owned and operated by the Comenius University in Bratislava. The scientific research at the observatory is led by the Department of Astronomy, Physics of the Earth and Meteorology, Faculty of Mathematics, Physics and Informatics.
The asteroid 11118 Modra discovered at this observatory is named in the honor of the town.
About.
The Astronomical and Geophysical observatory of Comenius University is located near the town of Modra and in the mountain range of Little Carpathians. The 3.5-hectare area contains several buildings and scientific instruments surrounded by beech forest. It lies on the middle trias quartzitic bedrock. It is accessible via a tourist trail or by the private paved road from Zochova chata. The main administrative building with the dome on the top contains the 0.60-metre Zeiss telescope with CCD camera and the 0.20-metre solar telescope with H-alpha filter. Within walking distance there are several buildings and pavilions with scientific devices, such as the magnetic pavilion (measurement of the Earth's magnetic field), the seismic cell with the seismograph, the solar telescope dome, the dome with the Schumann resonances registration device and the meteor pavilion of photographic and video meteor detection. The upper building with the 5-metre dome has a small telescope for educational purposes and registration devices for GPS and forward scatter meteor radar of the Bologna-Lecce-Modra network (transceiver-receiver-receiver). The lower building, standing next to the pond, consists of a small conference room and housing facility for guests. Since 1988, continuous weather and meteorological observations are done, therefore, the data provide a unique and homogenous climate record of the site.
In 2012 open-air amphitheater with seating, screen, projector and sound system was built for the public outreach purposes.
Education and research.
As a part of the Comenius University, the observatory provides research opportunity for students, and the staff offers guidance for the Master and PhD theses. The research is mainly aimed at the interplanetary matter. Until January 2014, 175 numbered and 34 unnumbered asteroids were discovered at the observatory including two Near Earth Objects 2005 GB34 and 2008 UW5. The observing time is mostly assigned for the photometry of asteroids and comets and astrometry. The first observation of a transiting extrasolar planet in Slovakia was performed at the observatory. The solar physics researchers perform solar prominence and chromosphere features observations in the H-alpha line.
The observatory is also a member of the European bolide network and it has been developing its own TV meteor detection grid. Besides photographic all-sky cameras, fish-eye all-sky semi-automated meteor detection devices are located at Modra observatory, near Tesárske Mlyňany and in Kysucké Nové Mesto. In addition to meteor detection, real time all-sky cameras detect other phenomena, such as atmospheric sprites and elves (TLE).
ADAM-WFS (Automated Detection of Asteroids and Meteoroids - Wide Field Survey).
Based on the study on detecting close approaching Near-Earth Asteroids scientists of the department proposed a wide-field survey called Automated Detection of Asteroids and Meteoroids - Wide Field Survey aimed at discovery of small asteroids in the Earth vicinity and orbital debris. In contrast to current asteroid surveys that are based on narrower field of view but deeper limiting magnitude, ADAM-WFS will observe entire visible night sky three times per night and identify moving targets. This survey is also considered as a low-cost project. It will use existing and verified methods and techniques, such as Moving Object Processing Pipeline (used by Pan-STARRS, NEOWISE, LSST). The proposed survey is similar to Asteroid Terrestrial-impact Last Alert System. If funded, the telescope will be housed in the Solar dome.

</doc>
<doc id="2914929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914929" title="Akbar Abdi">
Akbar Abdi

Akbar Abdi () is an Iranian actor and comedian. Akbar Abdi proved his talent through a TV series consisting of children's programming ("I am late again for school").
He started his career in TV series and soon became very popular. He shined as a movie star by playing in the movie "Ejareh-Nesheenha" (The Tenants). He has chosen diverse characters to play in different movies and is respected as a classic movie star with a successful career in Iran.

</doc>
<doc id="2914934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914934" title="Affiliated Foods Midwest">
Affiliated Foods Midwest

Affiliated Foods Midwest is a retailers' cooperative based in Norfolk, Nebraska and Elwood, Kansas and serving the states of Oklahoma, Kansas, Colorado, Wyoming, Nebraska, Missouri, Illinois, Wisconsin, Iowa, South Dakota, North Dakota, Minnesota, and Michigan. Affiliated Foods Midwest has announced construction has begun on a new distribution center in Kenosha, Wisconsin, to be complete in early 2009.
It distributes Shurfine products, and is affiliated with IGA (supermarkets).
It was founded in 1931 in Plainview, Nebraska, it took the name General Wholesale in 1936, and the name Affiliated Foods in 1977.
It is a member of Retailer Owned Food Distributors & Associates and a member-owner of Topco.
President: Martin Arter

</doc>
<doc id="2914944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914944" title="Lisa Andreas">
Lisa Andreas

Lisa Andreas (born 22 December 1987 as Lisa Large) is an English singer of Cypriot descent. At age 16, she represented Cyprus in the Eurovision Song Contest 2004 and came fifth with her performance of "Stronger Every Minute". Andreas was the youngest singer taking part in the competition that year. 
2001–2003.
Andreas won a competition at the Strand in Gillingham. Singing became more important to Andreas as she went on to perform at various concerts and road-shows giving her talents to support charities such as Children with Leukaemia, and she performed in a concert at the Red Cube in London to raise funds for the New York disaster fund for the September 11 attacks. Andreas has also performed at Pride concerts including Leicester Pride, Manchester Europride and with an audience of more than 25,000 at the Cardiff Mardi Gras. Andreas has also worked with the Kent Police by performing to her peers at Snap shows in Kentish schools. 
Andreas's Cypriot heritage came to the fore in 2004 when at aged sixteen on December 12, 2003, she won the right to represent Cyprus in the Eurovision Song Contest 2004. Andreas was the youngest artist taking part in the competition, and came fifth with the song "Stronger Every Minute" an emotional power-ballad which gave Cyprus the chance to participate in the finals for the 50th Eurovision Song Contest 2005, without having to take part in the semi-final.
2004–present.
Since December 2004, Andreas has split from her previous management. She has passed all ten of her GCSEs, and is currently writing and co-producing her own songs.
Andreas appeared at the Eurovision night Stockholm Pride festival in summer 2004. She danced at Her Majesty's Theatre in London in March 2005.
On 22 February 2006, Andreas was back in Cyprus, performing in the Cyprus finals of Eurovision 2006 for special celebrations commemorating the 25 years which Cyprus takes part in the Eurovision competition.
In the fourth series of British TV series The X Factor, she made it through to the second round.
Personal life.
Andreas was born in England but christened in Cyprus. She lived in Nicosia for two years as an infant, but returned to Britain after her grandfather had health problems.

</doc>
<doc id="2914954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914954" title="Effective theory">
Effective theory

Effective theory has two distinct meanings.
In science.
An effective theory is a scientific theory which proposes to describe a certain set of observations, but explicitly without the claim or implication that the mechanism employed in the theory has a direct counterpart in the actual causes of the observed phenomena to which the theory is fitted.
I.e. the theory proposes to model a certain "effect", without proposing to adequately model any of the "causes" which contribute to the effect.
Thus, an effective field theory is a theory which describes phenomena in solid-state physics, notably the BCS theory of superconduction, which treats vibrations of the solid-state lattice as a "field" (i.e. without claiming that there is "really" a field), with its own field quanta, called phonons. 
Such "effective particles" derived from effective fields are also known as quasiparticles.
In a certain sense, quantum field theory, and any other currently known physical theory, could be described as "effective", as in being the "low energy limit" of an as-yet unknown "Theory of Everything".
In mathematics.
An effective theory is a formal theory whose set of axioms is recursively enumerable, that is, it is theoretically possible to write a computer program that, if allowed to run forever, would output the axioms of the theory one at a time and not output anything else.
Gödel's first incompleteness theorem demonstrates that such a theory cannot at the same time be complete, consistent, and include elementary arithmetic. See also Proof sketch for Gödel's first incompleteness theorem#Hypotheses of the theory.

</doc>
<doc id="2914957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914957" title="Reminiscence">
Reminiscence

Reminiscence is the act of recollecting past experiences or events; when a person shares his personal stories with others or allows other people to live vicariously through stories of family, friends, and acquaintances while gaining an authentic meaningful relationship with a person. Grandparents are often ones who reminiscence their stories to their grandchildren, sharing their individual experience of what the past was like.
The study of reminiscence has a long history, which is shortly described in Eysenck and Frith (1977, chapter 1):
Reminiscence is a technical term, coined by Ballard in 1913, denoting improvement in the performance of a partially learned act that occurs while the subject is resting, that is, not performing the act in question. (Eysenck and Frith, 1977, page 3).
The reality of reminiscence was first experimentally demonstrated by Oehrn (1896). In experiments on reminiscence the same task is always administered twice or more. One is mainly interested in the effect of the rest periods between the tasks. Learning might not be apparent within a task but it may be across tasks.

</doc>
<doc id="2914960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914960" title="May Day Riots of 1919">
May Day Riots of 1919

The May Day Riots of 1919 were a series of violent demonstrations that occurred throughout Cleveland, Ohio on May 1 (May Day), 1919. The riots began when Socialist leader Charles Ruthenberg organized a May Day parade of local trade unionists, socialists, communists, and anarchists to protest the jailing of Eugene V. Debs. The previous year, Debs's Federal Court trial was held in Cleveland. The event was also aimed at helping promote Ruthenberg's own candidacy for mayor of Cleveland. The 32 groups were divided into four units, each holding a Socialist flag and an American flag at its head.
As they marched to Cleveland's Public Square, one of the units was stopped on Superior Avenue by a group of Victory Liberty Loan workers, who demanded that they lower their flags. The marchers refused to do so and mass fighting broke out immediately; chaos quickly spreading throughout the downtown area. Ruthenberg's party headquarters on Prospect Avenue was ransacked by a mob.
Law was finally restored by mounted police, army trucks, and tanks. Casualties amounted to two people killed, forty injured, and 116 arrested (one of them Ruthenberg himself on a charge of "assault with intent to kill"). Local newspapers quickly pointed out that only eight of those arrested were born in the United States. In response to the riots, the city government immediately passed laws to restrict parades and the display of red flags. Overall, the occurrence is seen as the most violent of a series of similar disorders that took place throughout the U.S. as a result of the First Red Scare.

</doc>
<doc id="2914970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914970" title="Stroganov Chronicle">
Stroganov Chronicle

The Stroganov Chronicle, also known under the name "On Capturing of the Siberian Land" ("Строгановская летопись", ""О взятии Сибирской земли"" in Russian) is one of the earliest Siberian Chronicles.
There is no unanimous opinion in the Russian scientific community with regards to the exact date of this chronicle's compilation. It is generally considered that it was written either in 1620–1630 or 1668–1673. Some historians believe that parts of the Stroganov Chronicle are based on the Yesipov Chronicle, which was written in 1636. The Stroganov Chronicle is based on annalistic data (which didn't survive to this day) and materials of the Stroganovs' archives, including their correspondence with Yermak's druzhina. The Stroganov Chronicle tells in great detail about the events of the early stage of the annexation of Siberia in favor of Russia. The Stroganovs' initiative to organize Yermak's campaign is put in the forefront in this chronicle.

</doc>
<doc id="2914980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914980" title="Trond Einar Elden">
Trond Einar Elden

Trond Einar Elden (born 21 February 1970) is a former Norwegian Nordic combined skier who represented Namdalseid I.L. in Trondheim.
At the 1989 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Lahti, he became the youngest world champion ever, fifteen days after his nineteenth birthday. At Falun in 1993, he won a bronze medal in the 15 km individual event. Additionally, Elden won two medals in the 3 x 10 km team event at the Nordic skiing world championships with a gold in 1989 and a silver in 1993. Elden also won the Nordic combined event twice at the Holmenkollen ski festival (1989, 1991).
In 1991, Elden received the Holmenkollen medal (which he shared with Vegard Ulvang, Ernst Vettori, and Jens Weißflog). He would also win silver in the 3 x 10 km team event at the 1992 Winter Olympics in Albertville.
Elden was relatively strong in cross country skiing as well, spending his final years of competition as a ski sprinter. He later coached the American national skiing team.
Elden received the Egebergs Ærespris in 2004.
He is the brother of the Nordic combined skier Bård Jørgen Elden.

</doc>
<doc id="2914986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914986" title="Suizhong County">
Suizhong County

Suizhong County () is a county of southwestern Liaoning, People's Republic of China. It is located on the northern coast of the Bohai Sea and is the southernmost county of Huludao City (as well as non-peninsular Liaoning), bordering Hebei to the southwest. The county has an area of , a population of 640,000, and is an economically important region within Huludao. Suizhong is famed as the home of the first PRC citizen to travel in space, Yang Liwei.
Administrative divisions.
There are 14 towns, 5 townships, and 6 ethnic townships in the county.
Climate.
Suizhong County has a monsoon-influenced humid continental climate (Köppen "Dwa"), with cold, very dry, and rather long winters, and hot, humid summers; a majority of the annual rainfall occurs in July and August alone. The monthly 24-hour average temperature ranges from in January to in July, while the annual mean is ; however, high temperatures peak in August. Due to the coastal location, temperatures are moderated in the summer, but prevailingly northerly and westerly winds minimise maritime influence during winter.

</doc>
<doc id="2914996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914996" title="Kurdistan Socialist Democratic Party">
Kurdistan Socialist Democratic Party

Kurdistan Socialist Democratic Party is a political party in Iraq that currently has two seats in the Kurdistan National Assembly. The party is led by Mahmoud Othman. It is a splinter of the Kurdistan Democratic Party.

</doc>
<doc id="2914997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2914997" title="Vampire Blvd.">
Vampire Blvd.

Vampire Blvd. is a 2004 vampire film that was directed by and stars Scott Shaw. This co-stars of this film include Kevin Thompson, Joe Estevez and Robert Z'Dar. Actress Jill Kelly can also be seen in this film performing a small role.
This film is set in 1970s Hollywood, California. This film follows two primary characters, Elijah Starr and Blaze Jones, played by Shaw and Thompson. These two characters are Hollywood Private investigators who attempt to help a newly arrived actress from Hong Kong who is being tracked down by a cult of Vampires. This character is played by Hong Kong pop singer Adrienne Lau.
Similar to other Scott Shaw films, this movie follows an unexpected and non-linear storyline, with obvious references to Blacksploitation Cinema, and is full of Music video style references and edits where the central characters leave behind the storyline and interact solely by the presentation of visual images in association with Techno music.
Hollywood.
Similar to many Scott Shaw films "Vampire Blvd." utilities Hollywood, California as a cinematic backdrop. Hollywood landmarks such as the Hollywood sign and images of Hollywood Blvd. are commonly seen in his films. This is also the case with "Vampire Blvd." where various character interactions take place in Hollywood.
"Bronson Cave", which is located in the Hollywood Hills is also used as a location in this film. This cave was used in many of the film and television Westerns that were filmed in the 1940s and 1950s and was commonly used as a location for the television series Power Rangers. This cave is perhaps most well known as being the location of the Bat Cave from the 1960s televisions series Batman.
Zen Film.
This film is considered a "Zen Film" in that it was created in the distinct style of filmmaking formulated by Scott Shaw known as Zen Filmmaking. In this style of filmmaking no scripts are used.

</doc>
<doc id="2915013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915013" title="Bradfield, Essex">
Bradfield, Essex

Bradfield is a village and civil parish in Essex, England. It is located about east of Manningtree and is northeast from the county town of Chelmsford. The village is in the district of Tendring and the parliamentary constituency of North Essex. There is a Parish Council. 
The 2001 National Census recorded a population of 1,094.
The Anglican church is dedicated to Saint Lawrence. One of the windows commemorates Edwin Harris Dunning, the first pilot to land an aircraft on a moving ship.
The village is close to the River Stour.
Bradfield is home to Bradfield Primary School.

</doc>
<doc id="2915014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915014" title="Pat Moran">
Pat Moran

Patrick Joseph Moran (February 7, 1876 – March 7, 1924) was an American catcher and manager in Major League Baseball. As a manager, he led two teams to their first-ever modern-era National League championships: the 1915 Philadelphia Phillies and the 1919 Cincinnati Reds. Moran's 1919 Reds also captured their first World Series championship.
Biography.
A native of Fitchburg, Massachusetts, Moran played 819 games over 14 National League seasons for the Boston Beaneaters (1901–1905), Chicago Cubs (1906–1909) and Phillies (1910–1914). A right-handed hitter, he batted .235 with 18 home runs. In , he finished tied for second in the league in home runs with seven. After he did not appear in more than 100 games in a season. However, as a second-string catcher, Moran became a student of the game and especially of pitching. In 1913–1914, he was a player-coach and, guided by his support and counsel, Phillies right-hander Grover Cleveland Alexander developed into one of the greatest pitchers of all time.
Moran retired as a player after the 1914 season, and was immediately promoted to manager of the Phillies. The club had finished sixth in 1914 and was plagued by defections (and threatened defections) to the outlaw Federal League. Moran swung some astute trades and — led by Alexander’s 31 wins and the slugging of right fielder Gavvy Cravath — the Phils improved by 17 games and won their first NL pennant. In the 1915 World Series, they were defeated four games to one by the Boston Red Sox.
The Phillies then finished second in successive years, to the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1916 and the New York Giants in 1917. With baseball disrupted by World War I (and after the trade of Alexander to the Cubs) the Phillies sank below .500 in 1918 and Moran was fired.
Moran was not unemployed for long, however. Cincinnati Reds manager Christy Mathewson, the former pitching great, had been stricken with tuberculosis from exposure to poison gas during military maneuvers. When it was apparent that Matthewson was too sick to return for the 1919 season, Moran was named his successor. The Reds had finished third, 15½ games behind, in 1918. Under Moran, they won 96 of 140 games in an abbreviated 1919 schedule to take the flag by nine games. They then defeated the Chicago White Sox in the 1919 World Series five games to three to win Cincinnati's first undisputed world championship.
This should have been Moran’s crowning accomplishment. But when it was charged that eight key members of the White Sox had conspired with gamblers to "throw" the series — the infamous Black Sox Scandal — the Reds' achievement was somehow tarnished. (The eight White Sox players were acquitted in a controversial 1920 trial but were nonetheless expelled from baseball.) In the wake of the scandal, Moran, his players and many baseball experts would furiously assert that Cincinnati would have won the series under any circumstances.
Moran remained at the helm in Cincinnati during the early 1920s. Apart from a poor 1921 campaign, the Reds fielded contending ballclubs but did not return to the World Series. The club finished second in both 1922 and 1923. While spending the winter of 1923–1924 at his Fitchburg home, Moran was taken ill. He was able to report to the Reds' training camp in Orlando, Florida, but his condition worsened and he died there at the age of 48. The cause of death was listed as Bright's Disease, a kidney ailment, but some baseball historians ascribe Moran's fatal illness to alcoholism.
Moran won 748 games and lost 586 (.561) as a major league manager over nine seasons. He won six and lost seven World Series games.

</doc>
<doc id="2915021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915021" title="Lizard (short stories)">
Lizard (short stories)

Lizard (とかげ) is a short story collection by Banana Yoshimoto, written in 1993 and translated into English in 1995 by Ann Sherif. It is a collection of six short stories on love and the healing power of time. 
In the American edition Banana dedicates her book to Kurt Cobain.
Book information.
"Lizard" (English edition) by Banana Yoshimoto

</doc>
<doc id="2915036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915036" title="Místico">
Místico

Luis Ignacio Urive Alvirde (born December 22, 1982) is a Mexican "luchador enmascarado", or masked professional wrestler, currently signed to Asistencia Asesoría y Administración (AAA) and World Wrestling League (WWL). He is best known for his time in the lucha libre promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) under the ring name Místico, where since 2006 he was the main técnico (face/storyline hero) in CMLL and the biggest box office draw in all of Mexico. Místico is Spanish for "Mystic", a religious ring character who is the storyline protégé of the wrestling priest Fray Tormenta. From March 2011 to October 2013, Urive was signed to WWE, where he worked under the ring name Sin Cara (Spanish for "Without Face" or "Faceless"). After his release from WWE, Urive continued using the Sin Cara ring name while working for Mexican independent promotions and WWL, before signing with AAA in February 2014, adopting the new ring name Myzteziz.
Urive is the son of Manuel Almanza, who wrestled under the ring name "Dr. Karonte", the brother of wrestlers Astro Boy, Argos, Argenis and Mini Murder Clown, the cousin of wrestler Magnus and the nephew of CMLL booker Tony Salazar.
Professional wrestling career.
Training and early career (1998–2003).
Urive was trained for his professional wrestling debut by his father and his uncle Tony Salazar who is a retired wrestler that works as a booker for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre, Mexico's oldest and largest wrestling promotion. Místico made his debut on April 30, 1998 working as "Dr. Karonte, Jr." at the age of 15. In 2000 he changed his ring name to "Astro Boy" in honor of his older brother who had died months earlier, who had worked as the original Astro Boy. Later on he was joined by another brother who worked as "Astro Boy II" to form a tag team. In 2003 Místico travelled to Japan to work for Michinoku Pro where he was billed as "Komachi", a ring persona he took over from fellow luchador Volador, Jr. who had played the part for about a year.
Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre.
El Principe de Plata y Oro (2004–2009).
In 2004, Urive was repackaged as Místico and given an elaborate back story to go with his new ring persona. Místico (the character) was an orphan taken in by the wrestling priest Fray Tormenta and taught to wrestle by him before making his debut for CMLL in 2004. CMLL had tried to use the storyline previously with El Sagrado, but it had failed to take off. Following his debut as Místico he began teaming with Volador, Jr. and Misterioso II, working the second or third match of the card. He participated in the 6th Annual "Leyenda de Plata" tournament but did not make it past the first round. He had more success in the 2004 "Gran Alternativa" tag team tournament, which he won with established star El Hijo del Santo. After winning the Gran Alternativa, Místico was nicknamed "El Principe de Plata y Oro" (the Prince of Silver and Gold), after the main colors of his outfits. Shortly afterward, the bookers began teaming him with other established "técnicos" (faces), such as Negro Casas and Shocker, against the top "rudo" (heel) groups, "Los Guerreros del Infierno" and "La Furia del Norte". His stature made him an underdog and his high-flying moves, such as diving armdrags, made him popular with Mexico City crowds. "Wrestling Observer" voted Místico the 2006 "Performer of the Year", "Biggest Box Office Draw", and "Best Flying Wrestler" in their "Year-End Awards". He was also ranked third in "Pro Wrestling Illustrated"'s list of the top 500 wrestlers of 2007.
In 2005, he continued working against Los Guerreros, winning important singles matches against Rey Bucanero, Mephisto and Tarzan Boy in CMLL's secondary arena, Arena Coliseo. He won his first title by defeating Guerreros member Averno for the NWA World Middleweight Championship on February 11. The match was well received by the audience in attendance and fans near the ring threw money into the ring as a sign of appreciation. Two weeks later, he participated in his first singles main event match when he faced "Los Guerreros" leader Último Guerrero in Arena México. He won the fall in two falls after Guerrero was disqualified in the first fall and was pinned in the second with a small package. The match sparked a program with the recently turned Dr. Wagner, Jr. teaming with Místico against Último Guerrero and Rey Bucanero. After that program died down, Místico became involved in a feud with Perro Aguayo, Jr. and his Los Perros del Mal group. After defeating Aguayo in a singles match, the two exchanged hair versus mask challenges so Místico was added to the already planned eight-man cage match where the last man in the cage lost his hair or mask. Místico joined Negro Casas, Heavy Metal, Universo 2000 and Máscara Mágica against Aguayo's group consisting of Damián 666, Halloween and Héctor Garza leading up to the match but neither Místico or Aguayo were involved in the finish of the match where Damián pinned Máscara Mágica. In September, he reheated his feud with Último Guerrero with another singles match but in the third fall, he was attacked by Atlantis, turning Atlantis heel. Místico worked a short program with Atlantis but after he defeated Atlantis in a singles match in October, Atlantis focused more on former tag partner Blue Panther.
In 2006, Místico was the biggest star in Mexico. He main evented eighteen events during the year that drew more than ten thousand people. In the early part of the year, he teamed up with Black Warrior in two unsuccessful CMLL World Tag Team Championship challenges. In the second one, Black Warrior turned on Místico and the two began a feud. While Black Warrior was wrestling in Japan, Místico and Negro Casas defeated Averno and Mephisto for the CMLL World Tag Team Championship on April 14. When Warrior returned, the feud picked up again and Black Warrior handed Místico his first major singles defeat when he pinned him and took his NWA Middleweight Championship on a May 12 Arena México show. On September 29, Místico defeated Black Warrior in a mask versus mask match in the main event of the CMLL 73rd Anniversary Show, his first major mask win. On April 10, 2007, Místico defeated Mephisto to capture the CMLL World Welterweight Championship.
Sometime in 2007, WWE offered Místico a contract but, due to commitments with CMLL, he was unable to sign with them at the time. Reportedly, the likes of Dean Malenko, Paul London, and Rey Mysterio pushed WWE to offer him a deal in 2007–2008. In December 2007, the Mexico City newspaper "Récord" reported that WWE was back in talks with Místico. In March 2008, it was reported that Místico contacted Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) to see if they were interested in having him work for their company but once again Místico's CMLL commitment kept the parties from reaching a deal. On March 10, 2008, Místico and Héctor Garza won the CMLL World Tag Team Championship by defeating Averno and Mephisto. In April, the commission declared the title vacant after a match resulted in a double disqualification. Místico and Garza reclaimed the tag team title by defeating Averno and Mephisto in a rematch. They eventually lost the title to Averno and Mephisto in December.
After the team with Garza broke up Místico began working a storyline feud against "La Peste Negra" ("the Black Plague"), a group consisting of Negro Casas, El Felino and Mr. Niebla. On March 20, 2009, Místico lost his CMLL Welterweight Championship to Negro Casas in one half of the main event of the 2009 "Homenaje a Dos Leyendas" show. Subsequently, challenges were made for a "Lucha de Apuesta" between Místico and either El Felino or Mr. Niebla, but those plans were soon replaced by an "Apuesta" between Místico and Negro Casas, as the main event of the CMLL 76th Anniversary Show on September 18, 2009. Místico won the match two falls to one, resulting in Negro Casas was shaved bald. After the match Místico made an "Apuesta" challenge to El Felino, Casas' cornerman. On December 11, 2009, Místico won a cage match against El Sagrado, Blue Panther, El Terrible, El Felino, El Texano, Jr., Hijo del Fantasma and Naito to win the "Festival Mundial de Lucha Libre" (World Festial of Wrestling) championship.
Feuding with Volador, Jr. (2010–2011).
On January 22, 2010 Místico teamed up with Averno to participate in CMLL's "Torneo Nacional de Parejas Increibles" ("National Amazing Pairs tournament"), a tournament where CMLL teams up a "Tecnico" (Místico) and a "Rudo" (Averno) for a tournament. On the night of the tournament Místico and Averno showed some surprising team unity by wearing outfits that mixed the style of each wrestler. In the first round the team defeated Ephesto and Euforia, not showing any friction between the two, despite their long history of animosity. In the second round Místico's attitude seemily changed as he began attacking Volador, Jr., someone he usually teams with. Místico even went so far as to ripping up Volador's mask, a "rudo" move, and won the match after an illegal low blow to Volador, Jr. After the match Místico took the microphone and claimed that "all was fair in war and defending Mexico City", a comment that drew a lot of boos from the crowd. Místico continued to work a "Rudo" style in the semi-final match, ripping at Máscara Dorada's mask. When Místico's team lost to Dorada and Atlantis the two "tecnicos" argued after the match. Further hints at Místico potentially turning "Rudo" came a few days later as Volador, Jr. challenged Místico to a one on one match, a "Super Libre" (match with no rules) match if Místico would agree to it. The two met in the main event of an Arena México show on February 5, 2010, and this time Místico was clearly a "Rúdo", tearing so viciously at Volador's mask that a new mask had to be brought to the ring during falls. In the second fall Místico pulled his mask off and threw it to Volador, Jr. in an attempt to get Volador, Jr. disqualified. The end came when Volador, Jr. reversed Místico's "La Mística" and won by applying the same move to Místico. On February 12, 2010, Místico lost the Mexican National Light Heavyweight Championship to Volador, Jr. losing two falls to one. Místico, Volador, Jr., La Sombra and El Felino faced off in a four-way "Lucha de Apuesta" main event at the 2010 Homenaje a Dos Leyendas. Místico was not one of the first two pinned, allowing him to keep his mask. Following "Dos Leyendas" Místico announced that he was done being a "rúdo" and returned to the "técnico" side, although Volador, Jr. remained suspicious of Místico. The storyline between the two cooled off for a bit, but in late May 2010 tension resumed as Místico and Volador, Jr. faced off once again over the Mexican Light Heavyweight Championship, with Volador, Jr. retaining the title. At the 2010 "Sin Salida" event, the two were on opposite sides of a "Relevos incredibles"; Místico teamed with Máscara Dorad and Mr. Águila while Volador, Jr. teamed with Averno and Negro Casas. Averno came to the ring wearing the same combined Averno/Místico mask he had worn for the "Parejas Incredibles" tournament and tried to convince Místico to join the "rúdo" side, only to turn around and reveal that both he and Volador, Jr. were wearing a combined Averno/Volador, Jr. mask underneath. Volador, Jr. worked as a "rúdo" throughout the match, losing the match for his team when he tried to cheat but was caught by the referee. On July 12, 2010, at the Promociones Gutiérrez 1st Anniversary Show, Místico participated in a match where 10 men put their mask on the line in a match that featured five "pareja incredibles" teams, with the losing team being forced to wrestle each other with their mask on the line. His partner in the match was El Oriental, facing off against the teams of Atlantis and Olímpico, La Sombra and Histeria, El Alebrije and Volador, Jr., Último Guerrero and Averno. Místico and El Oriental were the last team, forcing them to face off in match. Místico won, forcing El Oriental to remove his mask and show his face. At the CMLL 77th Anniversary Show, Místico was one of 14 men putting their mask on the line in a "Luchas de Apuestas" steel cage match; he was the 11th and second to last man to leave the steel cage, keeping his mask safe.
International travel (2008–2011).
In July 2008, Místico travelled to China and participated in the second Beijing International Martial Arts Training Camp, organized by Belgium-based martial arts instructor Mike Martello. Throughout the training camp, Místico received instruction in Chinese traditional wrestling (shuaijiao) from Shuaijiao expert Yu Shaoyi (two times regional champion of Beijing) and joint-locking techniques (Qinna) from Mike Martello. The event was covered by Televisa, and was broadcast in a series of 16 clips during the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games.
On January 4, 2009, Místico made his debut for New Japan Pro Wrestling at Wrestle Kingdom III in Tokyo Dome. Místico wrestled in the opening match, teaming with Prince Devitt and Ryusuke Taguchi to defeat Averno, Gedo and Jado when Místico made Averno submit using his trademark move "La Mística". After the match, Místico said he would like to return to New Japan Pro Wrestling and challenge for the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship. On February 15, 2009, Místico successfully defended his CMLL Welterweight Championship against Mephisto on a NJPW Show in Sumo Hall, Tokyo. Místico injured his knee during the match, although he was back in action by the end of the week. Místico, Misterioso, Jr., and Okumura were scheduled to work for NJPW in early May but the tour was cancelled due to the outbreak of the Swine flu pandemic.
In August 2009 Místico completed his third tour with NJPW, accompanied by Okumura. On August 13, Místico teamed up with Tiger Mask IV to defeat Okumura and Tomohiro Ishii. Two days later, Místico defeated Tiger Mask IV to become the new IWGP Junior Heavyweight Champion. Upon his return to Mexico, Místico teamed with Tiger Mask IV and Shocker as they defeated Ultimo Guerrero, Atlantis, and Arkangel at "Dragomania IV". Místico had his first successful IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship defense on September 29, defeating Jushin Liger. On November 8 at NJPW's Destruction '09 show Mistíco lost the IWGP title back to Tiger Mask. Místico returned to Japan in January 2011, taking part in the CMLL and New Japan Pro Wrestling co–promoted "Fantasticamania 2011" shows. On the first show on January 22 Místico teamed with IWGP Heavyweight Champion Hiroshi Tanahashi and IWGP Junior Heavyweight Champion Prince Devitt in a six-man tag team match, in which they were defeated by Averno, Shinsuke Nakamura, and Tetsuya Naito, when Averno pinned Místico. At the second show the following day, Místico defeated Averno in his final match for CMLL.
World Wrestling Entertainment / WWE.
Debut (2011).
On January 30, 2011 "SuperLuchas Magazine" confirmed that Urive had signed a contract with WWE. On February 24, WWE held a press conference in Mexico City to introduce Urive under his new name, Sin Cara, which translates to "Faceless". On March 25, Sin Cara made his WWE debut at a Raw live event at Assembly Hall in Champaign, Illinois, defeating Primo in a singles match. On the April 4 episode of "Raw", Sin Cara debuted, saving Daniel Bryan from an attack by WWE United States Champion Sheamus, and establishing himself as a face. On that week's "SmackDown", Sin Cara similarly appeared, this time attacking Jack Swagger and cementing his face status. Sin Cara made his televised in-ring debut on April 11, defeating Primo. The next week in London, Sin Cara teamed with John Cena to defeat the then WWE Champion, The Miz and Alex Riley.
In the 2011 WWE Draft, Sin Cara was drafted to "SmackDown!", making his first appearance as part of the roster on the April 29 episode with a win over Jack Swagger. Sin Cara then started a storyline with Chavo Guerrero, who began guest commentating his matches and, much to Sin Cara's dismay, even helped him win matches by interfering in them. Sin Cara made his pay-per-view debut on May 22 at Over the Limit, defeating Chavo Guerrero. Afterward, Sin Cara moved on to feuding with Cody Rhodes and Ted DiBiase, while teaming with Daniel Bryan, with the two saving each other from two–on–one attacks on the June 3 and 10 epispdes of "SmackDown". Sin Cara's undefeated streak came to an end on the July 1 epispde of "SmackDown", when he was defeated by Christian.
On July 17, Sin Cara participated in the Money in the Bank ladder match at the eponymous pay-per-view, but failed to earn a World Heavyweight Championship match after being taken out of the match with a storyline injury. The following day, WWE announced that it had suspended Sin Cara for 30 days for his first violation of its Wellness program. Urive later claimed in an interview that he did not know what he had tested positive for and that he had received a routine injection for an injured knee in Mexico.
Feud with Sin Cara Negro (2011–2012).
The Sin Cara character returned on the August 12 epispde of "SmackDown", defeating Tyson Kidd; however, with Urive still serving his suspension, for this appearance Sin Cara was portrayed by WWE developmental wrestler Jorge Arias. After another week of Arias portraying Sin Cara, Urive returned under the mask on August 20 at a live event in Tacoma, Washington. On August 26 it was reported that Urive had been sent home from the week's "SmackDown" tapings, with Arias once again appearing on TV under the Sin Cara mask. During Urive's time away from WWE, the Sin Cara character seemingly turned heel by attacking Daniel Bryan.
At the tapings of the September 16 episode of "SmackDown", Urive returned as the original Sin Cara, confronting the impostor version of the character. On September 19, on "Raw", the original Sin Cara was booked to face Cody Rhodes, but was attacked by the impostor character prior to the match starting. On the September 23 episode of "SmackDown", the impostor Sin Cara attacked the original version during his match with Daniel Bryan, then took his place in the match and pinned Bryan for the win. The following week the impostor revealed new black attire to distinguish himself from the original version, while also explaining that he was going to steal the Sin Cara identity from Urive, just as Urive had stolen the Místico identity from him, leading to a match between the two Sin Caras at Hell in a Cell. To further distinguish the two characters, WWE began referring to the original as Sin Cara "Azul" (Blue) and the impostor as Sin Cara "Negro" (Black). At the pay-per-view on October 2, Sin Cara Azul defeated Sin Cara Negro in a singles match. Following Hell in a Cell, Sin Cara Azul was again attacked by Sin Cara Negro. The rivalry culminated in a Mask vs. Mask match at the October 16 taping of "SmackDown" in Mexico City, where Sin Cara Azul was victorious, unmasking Sin Cara Negro by force after the match. Afterward, the unmasked Sin Cara Negro changed his ring name to Hunico, aligned himself with Camacho and continued his rivalry with Sin Cara. Sin Cara was attacked by Hunico and Camacho on the November 4 episode of "SmackDown". On November 20, at Survivor Series, Sin Cara and Hunico were on opposite sides of a ten-man tag match. Sin Cara was eliminated after he suffered a legitimate patellar tendon rupture while diving out of the ring. He underwent surgery and was sidelined for over six months.
Sin Cara returned on May 19, 2012, at a house show in Florence, South Carolina, defeating Hunico in the opening match. On the June 1 episode of "SmackDown", Sin Cara returned to television in new red and white attire, defeating Heath Slater. Three days later, Sin Cara returned to "Raw", defeating old rival Hunico in a singles match. This rekindled their feud, and on June 17 at No Way Out, Sin Cara defeated Hunico. On the July 9 episode of "Raw", Sin Cara defeated Heath Slater to qualify for the World Heavyweight Championship Money in the Bank ladder match at the Money in the Bank pay-per-view, but was unsuccessful in the match itself, which was won by Dolph Ziggler.
Teaming with Rey Mysterio (2012–2014).
In August, Sin Cara rekindled a feud with Cody Rhodes, who claimed that he was wearing a mask to cover his ugly face. Sin Cara scored pinfall wins over Rhodes in consecutive matches on "SmackDown" and "Raw", both times taking advantage of Rhodes trying to remove his mask. He then also saved fellow masked wrestler Rey Mysterio from being unmasked by Rhodes and afterward teamed up with Mysterio to put one of his masks on Rhodes. After defeating WWE Intercontinental Champion The Miz in a non-title match, Sin Cara was granted an opportunity to win the title at Night of Champions in a four-way match, which also included Rhodes and Mysterio and saw The Miz retain the title. The following day on "Raw", Sin Cara and Mysterio teamed up to defeat Epico and Primo in a tag team match. Sin Cara and Mysterio entered a tournament to determine the number one contenders to the WWE Tag Team Championship, defeating Epico and Primo and the Prime Time Players (Titus O'Neil and Darren Young) to advance to the final. Sin Cara and Mysterio lost the final of the tournament to the Rhodes Scholars (Cody Rhodes and Damien Sandow) on the October 22 episode of "Raw". At Survivor Series on November 19, Sin Cara and Mysterio were victorious in a 10-man elimination tag team match alongside Brodus Clay, Justin Gabriel, and Tyson Kidd against the Prime Time Players, Epico, Primo, and Tensai. On December 16 at , Sin Cara and Mysterio were defeated by Team Rhodes Scholars in a number one contenders Table match for the WWE Tag Team Championship. Two days later on "SmackDown", Sin Cara suffered a legitimate knee injury and was written off television following an attack by The Shield.
Sin Cara returned on January 27, 2013, at the Royal Rumble, entering the Royal Rumble at number twenty-nine but was eliminated by Ryback. On the following episode of "SmackDown", Sin Cara and Rey Mysterio defeated WWE Tag Team Champions Team Hell No (Daniel Bryan and Kane) in a non-title match. After spending two months off television due to further injuries, Sin Cara returned at a WWE house show on May 10 in Shreveport, Louisiana, teaming up with Adrian Neville and Bo Dallas in a winning effort against Michael McGillicutty and The Prime Time Players. Sin Cara returned to television on the May 15 episode of "WWE Main Event", defeating Intercontinental Champion Wade Barrett in a non-title match. During the August 19 episode of "Raw", Sin Cara dislocated his ring finger during a match with Alberto Del Rio. Urive last wrestled as Sin Cara against Alberto Del Rio at a house show in Monterrey, Mexico on October 19.
In January 2014, Urive announced that he would return to wrestling (not for WWE) in Mexico in February. An interview of Urive that aired in late January saw Urive claim that while he had departed WWE, he still owned the Sin Cara character; Urive also blamed WWE for not allowing him to wrestle the style he used in Mexico. WWE stated on March 27 that they had released Urive on March 26.
Asistencia Asesoría y Administración (2014).
On February 19, 2014, the Wrestling Observer Newsletter reported that Urive had signed with Asistencia Asesoría y Administración and would be making his debut two days later. At the end of AAA's February 21 event, AAA's main "rudo" stable, "La Sociedad", attacked the promotion's top "tecnico"'s with help from the debuting Black Warrior. This led to AAA president Marisela Peña Roldán revealing her own surprise wrestler, Urive, who appeared on the darkened entrance stage, but did not enter the ring or say anything. It was later reported that Urive was under a WWE non-compete clause until May and could therefore not show his mask. On May 17, Urive made another appearance, during which he was referred to only as a "mysterious wrestler", attacking "La Sociedad" and targeting especially his old rival Averno, who was making his AAA debut. On May 28, AAA revealed promotional material, which suggested Urive would be returning to the Místico ring name, however, on June 5, the promotion revealed his new ring name as Myzteziz. The ring name is exclusive to AAA and Urive will continue to work as Sin Cara outside of the promotion. Myzteziz made his in-ring debut on June 7 at "Verano de Escándalo", where he, Cibernético and La Parka defeated Averno, Chessman and El Hijo del Perro Aguayo in a six-man tag team main event, with Myzteziz submitting the AAA Latin American Champion Chessman for the win.
Other promotions (2014).
On January 31, 2014, Urive was announced as the new member of Puerto Rican promotion World Wrestling League (WWL), where he reprised his role as Sin Cara. Sin Cara's first post-WWE match took place at his self-produced independent event on February 1, which featured wrestlers from both Asistencia Asesoría y Administración (AAA) and CMLL. In the main event, Sin Cara teamed with his brother Argenis and La Sombra to defeat another one of his brothers, Argos, Black Warrior and El Oriental, submitting Warrior for the win with "La Mística". On March 1, Sin Cara defeated Black Warrior to win the vacant Baja Star's Wrestling (BSW) Intercontinental Middleweight Championship.
Other media.
Capitalizing on Místico's popularity, CMLL created a comic book starring Místico as an urban hero. The comic reached its 50th issue in December 2007.
Místico starred in a music video for the song "Me Muero" by the Spanish pop group La 5ª Estación and in two music videos for Banda Pequeños Musical.
In 2009, he starred in a commercial endorsing the PAN (National Action Party) political party in Mexico. Sin Cara appears as a playable character in the video games WWE '12, WWE '13 and WWE 2K14.

</doc>
<doc id="2915038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915038" title="Minimum-Maximum (video)">
Minimum-Maximum (video)

Minimum-Maximum is a double DVD created by Kraftwerk, consisting of live shows performed during their 2004 world tour. The set was released in Germany on December 2, 2005, in the UK on December 5, 2005 and December 6, 2005 in the US, Japan and Australia.
"Notebook".
Notebook is the expanded version of the DVD. Initially released with PAL format DVDs in December 2005, the NTSC format version was delayed by a few weeks until early January 2006.
It contains the live concert DVD and audio CD albums, plus an 88 page commemorative hardback book of tour photographs. Like many other Kraftwerk products, it was released in both German and English language versions.
The photographs in the book are mostly images of Kraftwerk in performance during the 2004 world tour and follow the track sequence of that tour's live show.
The box packaging and contents were designed to mimic the appearance of the laptop computers Kraftwerk used during their performance.

</doc>
<doc id="2915042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915042" title="Battle of Lake Maracaibo">
Battle of Lake Maracaibo

The Battle of Lake Maracaibo also known as the "Naval Battle of the Lake" was fought on 24 July 1823 on Venezuela's Lake Maracaibo between Admiral José Prudencio Padilla and royalist Captain Ángel Laborde.
The battle was won by the republican forces, and was the last battle of the Venezuelan War of Independence and the larger Spanish American wars of independence. The ships belonged to the forces of Gran Colombia led by Simón Bolívar.
The Battle of Carabobo of 1821 is usually seen in the historiography as the culminating battle for Venezuelan independence. Many historians point out that if the Battle of Lake Maracaibo had been a victory for the royalist forces, the Spanish Crown might have set a new front in Western Venezuela from which to attack the republican forces stationed in Venezuela. As a result of the loss, the Spanish Crown did not send any new regiments to Venezuela, and finally accepted Venezuelan independence as a result of this second decisive patriot victory, although it did not formally recognize the new nation for more than a decade afterward.
24 July is a regional holiday of Zulia State.
Battle.
During this Naval Battle, the republican squadron was led by Admiral José Prudencio Padilla against the Royalist forces commanded by Ángel Laborde. After three brief encounters with the Spanish squadron, the republican squadron went to Moporo port, where they spent the first half of July without any major activities until 17 July. When the commander Laborde sent to Padilla an intimation and this rejected it, so the following days were spent in feverish war, where the two commanders kept their ships, concentrating supplies, and training their crews in order to combat.
On 23 July during the afternoon the Royalists went to the west coast of the lake with Captain Chico and anchored between this site and Bella Vista, north of Maracaibo, being in line of battle, but the Republicans remained at sail until the evening and ended up going to Los Puertos de Altagracia, and all the ships in a parallel line to the East Coast, moving their forces to Punta de Piedra.
On the morning of 24 July, the Republican boat commanders were called to the "Independent" brig where Admiral Padilla gave final instructions to the commanders, making some changes and - still not satisfied - at 10:30, went in person to board the whole squadron, in order to rally their endowments and encourage in an effective manner so that when the time to attack the Royalists, with the utmost boldness and enthusiasm. At 10:40 the wind veered to the northwest and 10 minutes after the signal was prepared to sail, but having loosened the south calling, reserved the decision to raise anchor until it affirmed the breeze where it was favorable, despite all invited to attack the Royalist squadron was anchored at its head in a line parallel to the coast and very close to it.
At 14:00, the commander ordered the subtle forces and continue to weigh on Royalist boats in its class, at 14:20, made the signal to sail, and minutes later, to form the front line to attack simultaneously all enemy ships, observing movements that were agreed. As the brig "Mars" was located on the windward side and the "Independent" to leeward, were providing the ride so that it is perfectly formed and follow the line of battle for the implementation of the plan that Padilla had been proposed.
The Republicans ships moved quickly over the Royalist squadron who remained anchored waiting for the attack, the south wing of the squad carrying the Admiral Padilla and the north wing was commanded by Captain Nicholas Joly, cutting off the retreat to the bay. At 15:04, they placed the sign of approaching the opponent, however raised have been answered by all vessels, to show thereby that nothing remained to be done. At 15:45, Royalist fleet squadrons opened fire on the Patriots, but the square of the Great Colombia, continued to advance without firing a shot, until being broken by the cannon fire and musketry. When broken bowsprits the "Independent" brig, threw themselves over the "San Carlos", and began the approach, phase which decided the victory for Republicans.
As a result of the Patriot attack, many Royalist and other vessels were destroyed and captured. Royalists, in the most dire situation, strung cables and tried to escape, but failed in the attempt, because their larger vessels were captured. Most of the crew of the "San Carlos" jumped into the water and the same fate befell the other ships, except the brig-schooner "Esperanza", which was destroyed by an explosion. Ultimately, only three schooners escaped.
At days end, Admiral Padilla ordered his squad to rest at the location where they had the combat. Later he went to the Port of Altagracia to repair the damage to their ships. Republican losses included 8 officers and 36 crew killed, with 14 officers and 150 crew wounded. Royalist casualties were higher, and 69 officers and 368 soldiers and sailors were taken prisoner by the Republicans. 
After two hours of fierce battle, victory was obtained, which paved the way for negotiations with the Captain General of Venezuela, who, on 3 August, was forced to hand over the rest of the Spanish ships, The City of Maracaibo, The Fort at San Carlos, The Fort at San Felipe in Puerto Cabello, and all other sites occupied by the Spanish. The Spanish finally evacuated on the 5th and left Venezuelan territory.

</doc>
<doc id="2915044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915044" title="The Blood Divine">
The Blood Divine

The Blood Divine was a British Gothic metal band, founded in the summer of 1995 by Paul Allender, brothers Paul and Benjamin Ryan, after the three left Cradle of Filth during the recording of the "V Empire (Or Dark Faerytales in Phallustein)" EP and ousted Anathema singer Darren White. They recruited drummer William A. 'W.A.S.' Sarginson and bassist Steve Maloney and were quickly signed up by Peaceville Records.
Their debut album "Awaken" was recorded in early 1996 and released through Peaceville Records later that year. At the end of 1996 they toured throughout Europe with Cathedral and label mates, My Dying Bride. In the early summer of 1997 they recorded their second album, 'Mystica', and guitarist Paul Allender left the band to spend more time with his family (however he eventually rejoined Cradle of Filth). Mystica was released later that year, again through Peaceville Records. The album had less of a goth sound and more of a classic rock influenced progressive sound. The band continued and toured as a five piece, touring the UK with Orange Goblin supporting and then a short tour of Holland at the beginning of 1998. The band were looking to develop their sound and keyboard player Benjamin Ryan was told to leave the band in April 1998. However, this dismayed Paul Ryan, and shortly afterwards the band split up.
In 2002, Peaceville released The Blood Divine compilation album "Rise Pantheon Dreams". The tracklist included songs from both "Awaken" and "Mystica", as well as two previously-unreleased tracks ("Revolt" and "Forever Belongs"), a live version of "Aureole", and a live cover of The Osmonds' "Crazy Horses".
Allender later rejoined Cradle of Filth. Sarginson briefly joined Cradle of Filth before the band settled in with Swedish drummer Adrian Erlandsson, who was later replaced by Martin Škaroupka.
In 2004 Darren White formed a new band, Serotonal.

</doc>
<doc id="2915045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915045" title="El Mozote">
El Mozote

El Mozote is a village in the Morazán department in El Salvador. It was the site of the El Mozote massacre during the civil war in December 1981 when nearly 1,000 civilians were killed by the U.S. School of the Americas-trained Salvadoran Army unit known as the Atlacatl Battalion.
El Mozote Massacre.
On December 10, 1981, the Atlactl Battalion entered the village of El Mozote with a plan in mind. The Battalion’s mission: to eliminate everyone in the village who stood in their way of capturing the Guerilla. In the lapse of three days every inhabitant of the village was executed. On the fatal day of December 10, soldiers rousted the civilians from their homes and gathered them in the central plaza where they were forced to lie down on the streets. Soldiers then brutally kicked, threatened and seized jewelry and valuables along with accusing the people of being Guerilla. At night fall people were ordered to proceed into their homes and were warned not to step outside or else they would be murdered. The following morning the citizens were forced outside where they were then divided into groups of men with boys and women with girls and children. Men and older boys were taken to a church and the rest were taken to vacant homes. In the church, the soldiers blind folded the men and killed them either by decapitation or shooting them at point blank range. Many of these men were tortured before being executed. At the same time women and girls were forced to walk up hillsides where they were first raped before being murdered. Then the soldiers rounded up the children in an empty home where they then released shots killing every single child in the village. After proceeding with the executions of all the inhabitants, they left obscene writing on the walls of homes prior to burning the homes and the bodies. The soldiers didn’t settle with just eliminating the inhabitants, they made sure that the animals of the deceased were killed and burned as well. The “Angels of Hell”, as the Atlactl Battlion called themselves, had completed their mission.
Human rights violations.
The civil war in El Salvador was a time of desperation and turmoil for the civilians of that small country. There were numerous complaints of human right violations but a countless number of people did not report the abuse for fear of the military’s retaliation. But it was the El Mozote Massacre that brought to light the many accusations of human right violations. The El Mozote case alone demonstrated almost all of the human right violations that were recorded during the civil war. Due to almost 1000 citizens being killed in a span of three days, the El Mozote Massacre came to be known as the most notorious case of human right violation in the history of El Salvador.
One of the human right violations determined by the massacre was the right to a fair trial and due process. The inhabitants of El Mozote were accused of being guerilla and without questioning they were executed. This was a violation of their rights according to the United Nations because the citizens were innocent without any link to the Guerilla but that still did not influence the military’s decision of killing every inhabitant. The citizens should have been questioned first about the Guerilla instead of just being executed. The citizens were also deprived of their safety and well being. According to the soldiers responsible for the killings, all of the inhabitants were protecting the guerilla thus the killings of the inhabitants was justified in their eyes for the well being of the country.
During the executions, the Atlactl Battalion procured to leave a mark behind with the victims along with letting the rest of the civilians in El Salvador know to not cross paths with them. The “Angels of Hell” tortured many of the men before murdering the victims. The military’s torture methods were brutal, “ Soldiers would dislocate body parts; apply electric shocks, acid burns, and severed limbs: tongues, ears, and gouged eyes.". These torture methods that were used violated the human right of self-defense according to the Truth Commission Report. Torture is defined as “any act by which severe pain or suffering, whether physical or mental, is intentionally inflicted on a person for such purposes as obtaining from him or a third person information or a confession, punishing him for an act he or a third person has committed or is suspected of having committed, or intimidating or coercing him or a third person, or for any reason based on discrimination of any kind, when such pain or suffering is inflicted by or at the instigation of or with the consent of a public official or other person acting in an official capacity”. The victims were tied down and left defenseless. Instilling unspoken pain to any human being is a violation to their rights because one is stripping that person of their identity and is inflicting unspoken pain into the victims. It is a violation especially if the victims are innocent and are being induced unnecessary pain. The Universal Declaration of Human Rights states that No One shall be subjected to torture or cruel, inhumane or degrading treatment or punishment. Before being murdered the victims were mentally stressed pushing them to want the soldiers to kill them. From that mental stress the victims were happy of being killed because they would not endure the pain any longer.
Overall the military violated the most important human right, “everyone has the right of life, liberty, and security of person”. The victims’ lives were abruptly taken without any resistance from the civilians. Their right to life and security were stripped without any plausible reason. The killing of defenseless children and babies made the case important for investigators. Babies were murdered ruthlessly at the hands of these men. Women and young girls were raped before being murdered and in the process of those actions the right to their security vanished. Now all that remained in the ghost town were dead bodies of men, women, young girls, boys and babies.
Truth Commission Report.
The United Nations Truth Commission took part in investigating the different acts of human right violations in the civil war in El Salvador and took initiative in investigating the El Mozote Massacre. When the Truth Commission began to question the government about the massacre, the government insisted that the massacre never occurred. Due to the government’s insistence in denying the case, the Truth Commission knew that the massacre had to be a serious case because the government would not respond for the murders. This encouraged the Truth Commission to continue their investigation even though they were asked to halt the investigations. What they came across with their investigation stunned the whole world.
Forensic investigation.
The Truth Commission stepped foot in the desolate soil of where the massacre occurred, the feeling in the atmosphere was heavy and filled with sadness. As soon as the investigators arrived, they immediately started investigating and they encountered gruesome findings. They had found evidence of 143 skeletal remains; 136 children and seven adults. When examining the bodies they discovered that most of the skulls had gunshot injury, which were inserted at a high velocity because of the damage to the skulls. This indicated that the victims were shot a point blank range.
As the forensic investigators kept observing they found evidence of torture on some of the bodies. Many of the victims’ remains showed evidence of stabbing, strangling, and suffocation. These same bodies showed evidence of dislocated limbs and gouged eyes because of the fractures around the eye area. When the investigators entered homes they found that people were gathered in rooms and burned to death. Many of the victims also had gunshot wounds to the head. The investigators also believed that children under ten years old were gathered in a room and cremated then crushed due to the fire destroying the homes.
Unfortunately for the military and for the government, there had been a survivor who was successful in escaping the village. Rufina Amaya, the only survivor was able to retell the accounts of those horrific days.
Rufina Amaya.
Rufina Amaya, the only survivor of El Mozote massacre, was 38 at the time of the killings. With the help of her testimony, the Truth Commission was able to investigate the happenings of those days and bring to light the crime committed by the military. She was able to elude the military’s brutality by swift action. Rufina Amaya’s four children were all taken away from her before the military proceeded with taking Mrs. Amaya and 22 other women up to a hill. Mrs. Rufina recounts how she saw a mountain of dead people stacked on topped of each other, and at that moment she hurried to jump in a bush. Luckily for her sake, Mrs. Amaya was last in the line of women being taken to be executed. Mrs. Amaya remained in the bush throughout the whole night where she heard children and babies screaming in horror. Mrs. Amaya even stated that she heard a child say, “ Mama they are killing us!”. Mrs. Amaya then dug a hole where she screamed and then everything went silent. She was able to escape after that night.
With the help of Mrs. Amaya the massacre did not go unheard. After being interviewed, her testimony made headlines in the Washington Post and the New York Times. After the story of the massacre was published, it made the investigation easier for the Truth Commission because the government could not interfere with the investigations. Also with the testimony of Mrs. Rufina Amaya the government and the military officers responsible for the massacre could not deny the genocide. Mrs. Rufina Amaya was of great contribution to the investigation of the El Mozote Massacre. Mrs. Amaya’s testimony was able to open doors and answer questions that were important to understand the massacre. Mrs. Amaya died at the age of 64 in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="2915052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915052" title="Richard P. Gabriel">
Richard P. Gabriel

Richard P. Gabriel (born 1949) is an American computer scientist who is known for his work related to the Lisp programming language (and especially Common Lisp) in computing. His best known work was a 1990 essay “Lisp: Good News, Bad News, How to Win Big”, which incorporated the phrase Worse is Better, and his set of Lisp benchmarks (the "Gabriel Benchmarks"), published in 1985 as "Performance and evaluation of Lisp systems", which became a standard way of benchmarking Lisp implementations.
Biography.
He was born in 1949, in the town of Merrimac in northeastern Massachusetts to two dairy farmers. He was nearly accepted to MIT and Harvard, but an argument with a teacher ended those prospects, and he ended up going to Northeastern University, where he earned a B. A. in Mathematics (1967–1972).
Studying.
Subsequently, he pursued graduate studies in mathematics at MIT, from 1972–73; he was tapped by Patrick Winston to become a permanent member of the AI Lab at MIT, but funding difficulties made it impossible to retain him. Gabriel tried to start up, with Dave Waltz, an AI Lab at the University of Illinois, but after two years the lab fell through due to general apathy. Gabriel did in this time period manage to earn an MS in Mathematics however (1973–1975).
Because of some of his mathematical work, Gabriel was then admitted to Stanford University; during that period (1975–1981), he served as a Teacher's Assistant to John McCarthy, the founder of Lisp; he ported Maclisp from its native ITS to WAITS; he earned a PhD. in Computer Science (on the topic of natural language generation); and he and his wife Kathy had a son. Around this time period, he became a spokesperson for the League for Programming Freedom.
Postdoc.
After he earned a PhD, he continued to work on AI projects for McCarthy, although his thesis advisor was Terry Winograd. He eventually began working for Lawrence Livermore National Labs, where he recruited a number of the researchers and programmers for a company he founded in 1984 (and would leave in 1992), and would survive until 1994, Lucid, Incorporated.
Gabriel was at various times the President and Chairman of Lucid Inc. The product the company shipped was an integrated Lisp IDE for Sun Microsystems’ RISC hardware architecture. This sidestepped the principal failure of Lisp machines by, in essence, rewriting the Lisp machine IDE for use on a more cost-effective and less moribund architecture. During this time period, Gabriel married his second wife, and had a daughter; he later divorced his second wife in 1993.
Eventually Lucid's focus shifted (during the AI Winter) to an IDE for C++. A core component of the IDE was Richard Stallman’s version of Emacs, GNU Emacs. GNU Emacs was not up to Lucid’s needs, however, and several Lucid programmers were assigned to help develop GNU Emacs. Friction arose between the programmers and Stallman over how to handle GUI issues, and Lucid forked; thus they were primarily responsible for the birth of what would come to be called XEmacs. One of his hires was another notable programmer, Jamie W. Zawinski.
Own business and open source.
After Gabriel left Lucid, Inc. for good, he became a Vice President of Development for ParcPlace Systems (1994–1995), and then a consultant, for, among others, Aspen Smallworks, before joining Sun Microsystems. As a Distinguished Engineer at Sun, Gabriel was an influential contributor to the evolution of the open source software strategy, culminating in publication of the book "Innovation Happens Elsewhere". In 2007, he joined IBM Research as a Distinguished Engineer.
ACM.
Gabriel is the recipient of Association for Computing Machinery's 1998 Fellows Award and the 2004 Allen Newell Award. The citation reads: “For innovations not only on fundamental issues in programming languages and software design but also on the interaction between computer science and other disciplines, notably architecture and poetry.”
He was the conference chair of the 2007 OOPSLA.
Trivia.
In 1998 he received his MFA in Poetry from Warren Wilson College. He has published poems in some literary journals. His chapbook, "Drive On", was published by Hollyridge Press in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="2915054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915054" title="Operation Vulture">
Operation Vulture

Operation Vulture () was the name of the proposed American operation that would rescue French forces at battle of Dien Bien Phu in 1954 via B-29 raids based in the Philippines. The French garrison had been surrounded by the communist Viet Minh during the First Indochina War. Vulture was the sequel of the failed Operation Condor.
Background.
Viet Minh forces under General Võ Nguyên Giáp surrounded and besieged the French, who were unaware of the Viet Minh's possession of heavy artillery, including anti-aircraft guns. The attack that formally began the battle was launched 13 March 1954. French artillery outposts fell within hours, and a dismal trickle of wounded survivors into Dien Bien Phu’s garrison hospital began. The French tried to hit back with artillery and airpower, including some 30 US C-119 Flying Boxcars which had modified to drop napalm on the Viet Minh artillery and flown mainly by American employees of Civil Air Transport, the contract airline founded by Maj. Gen. Claire Lee Chennault, the head of the World War II Flying Tigers. Dien Bien Phu could be supplied only via airdrop, and dropping and retrieving supplies became a nightmare as Viet Minh artillery shrank the effective size of the drop zone. On 27 March, French Col. Jean Louis Nicot, the man in charge of the aerial resupply effort, had to raise the drop altitude from 2,000 feet to 8,000 feet. Drop zone accuracy declined, and some supplies inevitably fell into Viet Minh hands. The French, with the encouragement of some US officials based in Saigon, pressed hard for the US to launch an overwhelming air strike to save Dien Bien Phu.
French-American meeting.
Just ten days after the start of Giap’s initial assault, General Paul Ely, the French Chief of Staff, arrived in Washington to plead the French case to US policy-makers. Discussions involved General Ely, U.S. Secretary of State John Foster Dulles and Admiral Arthur W. Radford, Chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff.
The plan.
One version of the plan envisioned sending 60 B-29s from US bases in the region, supported by as many as 150 fighters launched from US Seventh Fleet carriers, to bomb Giap’s positions. The plan included an option to use up to three atomic weapons on the Viet Minh positions. Radford, the top American military officer, gave this nuclear option his backing. US B-29s, B-36s, and B-47s could have executed a nuclear strike, as could carrier aircraft from the Seventh Fleet. U.S. carriers sailed to the Tonkin gulf, and reconnaissance flights over Dien Bien Phu were conducted during the negotiations.
According to Richard Nixon the plan involved the Joint Chiefs of Staff drawing up plans to use 3 small tactical nuclear weapons in support of the French.
Decision against the operation.
Nixon, a so-called "hawk" on Vietnam, suggested that the U.S. might have to "put American boys in". President Eisenhower made American participation contingent on British support, but London was opposed. Eisenhower also felt that the airstrike alone would not decide the battle. He also expressed concerns that the French Air Force was insufficiently developed for this sort of operation and did not want to escalate U.S. involvement in the war by using American pilots. In the end, convinced that the political risks outweighed the possible benefits, he decided against the intervention.

</doc>
<doc id="2915066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915066" title="21064 Yangliwei">
21064 Yangliwei

21062 Yangliwei is an asteroid named after Chinese astronaut Yang Liwei. It was discovered in 1991 and named in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="2915073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915073" title="The Amazing Kornyfone Record Label">
The Amazing Kornyfone Record Label

The Amazing Kornyfone Record Label (TAKRL) was one of the first bootlegging record labels in America. Kornyfone was based in Southern California in the 1970s.
The label released albums from such artists as The Beatles, David Bowie, Bob Dylan, The Grateful Dead, Led Zeppelin, Elton John, Joni Mitchell, Pink Floyd, Genesis, and others. Kornyfone was noted for their packaging, with interesting artwork and informative covers.( most of the coverwork can be found her http://theamazingkornyfonelabel.wordpress.com/ ) According to Heylin, "Though Dub's output TMQ in the five years separating "Great White Wonder" from "Tales from The Who" had outstripped any of his competitors, TMQ's catalogue pales alongside what Ken and co. unleashed between 1974 and the end of 1976. A hundred-plus titles from the flagship label, The Amazing Kornyphone Record Label, were supplemented by represses of Smokin' Pig titles, thirty-two titles on TKRWM (The Kornyphone Records for the Working Man), a dozen double-albums on Singer's Original Double Discs (SODD) and sixteen releases on Highway High Fi Collector's Edition Records (HHCER) (which regularly appeared with TAKRL or Smokin' Pig labels - just to add to the confusion)."

</doc>
<doc id="2915093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915093" title="Celestial Season">
Celestial Season

Celestial Season is a Dutch heavy metal band. They were formed in 1991 as a doom/death metal band along the lines of My Dying Bride. They have been described as doom metal, death/doom, stoner rock/metal and goth. Celestial Season disbanded in 2002.
In October 2011 it was announced that Celestial Season had reunited to perform their album "Solar Lovers" live. Guitarist Pim van Zanen states: “Now is the time to give "Solar Lovers” a second chance on stage. All of us are challenged to play the album live, top to bottom and make it sound its best.”

</doc>
<doc id="2915096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915096" title="Pigskin">
Pigskin

Pigskin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2915097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915097" title="Narvel Felts">
Narvel Felts

Narvel Felts (born November 11, 1938 in Keiser, Arkansas) is an American country music singer. Known for his soaring tenor and high falsetto, Felts enjoyed his greatest success during the 1970s, most famously 1975's "Reconsider Me".
Career.
Raised in Bernie, Missouri where he attended Bernie High School, Felts was discovered during a talent show at the school. He had been encouraged to participate in the show by some of his classmates, and it just so happened that a talent agent was attending the performance at the time.
Felts recorded his first single "Kiss-a Me Baby" at the age of 16, and his career skyrocketed with the help of Roy Orbison and Johnny Cash. Narvel Felts enjoyed modest pop success in 1960 with a remake of the Drifters "Honey Love" which earned a low position on the Billboard Hot 100. He went on to release such songs as "Lonely Teardrops" and "Pink And Black Days", but it wasn't until the 1970s when he began enjoying success on a national level as a country singer.
His first major hit came in 1973, with a cover of Dobie Gray's "Drift Away". Felts' version — No. 8 on the "Billboard magazine" Hot Country Singles chart in September 1973 — was mid-tempo country compared to Gray's blues version. The follow-up single, "All in the Name of Love," just missed hitting the top 10 in December 1973.
Felts continued to enjoy modest success during the next year and a half, when he signed with ABC-Dot Records in 1975. That year, he enjoyed his biggest hit: a cover of Johnny Adams' soul classic "Reconsider Me", which showcased his falsetto and high tenor. The song reached No. 2 that August, and was 1975's second-biggest country hit of the year [http://www.billboard.com/bbcom/charts/yearend_chart_display.jsp?f=Hot+Country+Songs&g=Year-end+Singles&year=1975].
Felts, who became known to fans as "Narvel the Marvel," continued to enjoy success throughout the 1970s. Included in his streak of hits was a remake of "Lonely Teardrops", which became his last top 10 hit in the summer of 1976; and a cover of Willie Nelson's "Funny How Time Slips Away". He also had a No. 14 country hit with "Everlasting Love" in 1979.
Narvel Felts' pioneering contribution to the genre has been recognized by the Rockabilly Hall of Fame.
Personal.
He is married to the former Loretta Stanfield. Two children resulted from the marriage, but Felts lost his only son, Narvel Jr. (known as Bub) in 1995. At one time, Bub played drums for his father. One of his albums is dedicated to his son.
He currently resides in Malden, Mo. where he continues to perform on occasion.

</doc>
<doc id="2915102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915102" title="Bocephus">
Bocephus

Bocephus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2915103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915103" title="Yakima Area Arboretum">
Yakima Area Arboretum

The Yakima Area Arboretum (46 acres) is an arboretum in Yakima, Washington on a site adjoining the riparian habitat of the Yakima River. 
In the 19th century, today's site was a wetland. It was later developed for chicken and vegetable farms, and eventually acquired by the Yakima Metro District. In 1967, the arboretum was established and initial work began. Development has continued ever since.
The arboretum currently includes over 1,000 native and exotic species of woody plants, as well as a herbarium and a variety of gardens (butterfly, rose, iris, Japanese, perennial, dryland, and Xeriscape.

</doc>
<doc id="2915147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915147" title="Public transport in Stockholm">
Public transport in Stockholm

Public transport in Stockholm consists of bus, metro, regional/suburban rail, light rail, tram and archipelago boat operation in Stockholm County, Sweden. The bus and rail is organized by Storstockholms Lokaltrafik (Stockholm Transport, literally: Greater Stockholm Public Transport), SL, which is owned by the Stockholm County Council. The operation and maintenance of the public transport systems are delegated by SL to several contractors. The boat traffic is handled by Waxholmsbolaget.
The airport rapid public transport systems are handled separately though, with Flygbussarna providing airport bus services, and Arlanda Express an airport train service.
Transport systems.
Bus.
There is a vast number of bus lines in Stockholm County. There are three different kinds of bus lines that differ from regular bus lines.
The blue bus are in the inner city variant trunk lines traversing large parts of the Stockholm inner city, and in the suburban variant acting as important feeder lines between the suburbs and public transport hubs in central Stockholm, or providing crossway connections between suburbs. These are called blue bus lines because the buses that operate on them are painted blue, in contrast to the red color of the regular buses.
The service bus lines are especially adapted for elderly people, and are found in certain residential areas. Along some parts of these lines instead of regular bus stops there are areas where one can halt the bus just by waving at them.
Metro.
The Stockholm Metro consists of three groups of lines, which are each referred to as a singular line.
Suburban rail.
There are three suburban rail systems, with eight lines. Roslagsbanan uses an 891 mm narrow gauge, the others use standard gauge.
Regional and intercity rail.
There are regional and InterCity trains going on the mainlines between Stockholm and cities outside the county. These cities include Uppsala, Gävle, Eskilstuna, Linköping, Västerås. These train are run by SJ on their own, and SJ tickets or special combination tickets called TiM (SJ+SL) are valid. The trains are run for a profit by SJ, without tax support. This is possible by having relatively expensive monthly tickets, for example about 2000 kr Stockholm-Uppsala (SL not included).
Light rail and tram.
There is one heritage tram line operational, Djurgården line. The infrastructure is owned by SL, but the cars are owned and operated by the Swedish Tramway Society. All SL fares are valid.
There are three regular light rail lines and one inner city tram line in Stockholm and only two of them, Nockebybanan and the new Tvärbanan are connected and share depot and rolling stock. The LRV primarily used on these lines are a localized version of Bombardier's Flexity Swift; Urbos trams have also been ordered.
Tvärbanan has an ongoing construction project to extend it between Alvik and Solna. This will be finished in 2013.
Boat.
There are several archipelago boat lines in Stockholm County, run by Waxholmsbolaget. Some of them operate year around.
One boat line, Djurgårdsfärjan, goes in central Stockholm, between Slussen and Djurgården. The SL travelcards are valid on that one, but not the SL coupons.
Airport transport.
The rapid public transport to and from the airports in Stockholm are handled a bit separately than the regular land based public transport as handled by SL, thus they have their own tickets and pricing structure.
It is also possible to take regular public transport to and from the airports, but that typically means one has to change between some buses or trains and the trip takes more time.
Arlanda Express.
Arlanda Express provides an airport rail link service to and from the Stockholm-Arlanda Airport.
The typical ticket price between Stockholm and Arlanda Airport for an adult is 240 SEK, and the trip takes 20 minutes.
Flygbussarna.
Flygbussarna provides an airport bus service to and from all four airports associated with Stockholm: Stockholm-Arlanda Airport, Stockholm-Bromma Airport, Stockholm-Skavsta Airport, and Stockholm-Västerås Airport.
The ticket price between Stockholm central bus terminal (T-Centralen) and Arlanda Airport for an adult is 110 SEK, and the trip takes 40–50 minutes.
Local Bus and Pendeltåg.
Bus 583 leaves Arlanda right outside the arrivals area. This bus takes you in 10 to 15 minutes to Märsta—the nearest town to Arlanda—where you then take the commuter train (Pendeltåg) to the Stockholm central railway station. If you need to go elsewhere in Stockholm or catch a train elsewhere, you can do it there. The Stockholm subway system (Tunnelbana or T-bana as it is known locally) also connects there. Don't get confused, because the railway part of the station is called Stockholm Central while the subway stop there is called T-Centralen. T-Centralen is an easy walk from the railway part of the station underground so you need not worry about the weather. The subway system is extensive and also connects to the local bus system. You can use several different types of tickets to use the entire system without paying again and again. You can purchase single trip zonal tickets which are good for an hour after you first start, though they often give you at least an extra 15 minutes on top of that, buy a strip ticket which works like a zonal ticket though more than one person can use it at once, and there are travelcards for various time periods from one day to annual tickets that can also be used by more than once person, though—unlike the strip ticket—not at once. Also, if you qualify because of being a senior or some other reduction status, you can purchase all of these tickets at a substantial discount to the regulare tickets. All of these are available at the Pressbyrån store in the Sky City part of Arlanda. You cannot purchase these tickets at the Pressbyrån store in the arrival area. From Monday through Friday, the Sky City Pressbyrån store is open at 7 am, coinciding with many early arriving international flights. On Saturday and Sunday, it does not open until 9 am. This route takes about 15 minutes to get to Märsta and then another 45 minutes to get to Stockholm Central. It is by far the least expensive way to go from Arlanda to Stockholm. Up-to-date prices can be found from [www.sl.se] also in English. It starts out in Swedish but you can choose Visitor and see it in English.
Tickets.
By one measure—single ticket price for a journey—Stockholm has the most expensive-to-use public transport in the world, as of March 2009.
SL's tickets.
SL has two main forms of tickets, both are used in all SL public transport in the entire Stockholm County.
SL's zone system.
The zone system consists of three zones, named A, B and C, with Zone A in the middle containing the entire Metro system, covering the Stockholm City Centre and the innermost of the suburbs. Zone B covers a band outside Zone A, containing many of the outer suburbs. In Zone C lies the outermost parts of Stockholm County.
For travel across the Stockholm County border, e.g. with the commuter train to Bålsta or Gnesta, two additional zone tickets is required, in the case of Bålsta even with the travel cards. There are special travel cards though that allow for travel to and from Bålsta without having to deal with the additional zone tickets. Also note that the SMS tickets and machine tickets cannot be used for travel across the county border.
SL's ticket prices.
The prices for the most common tickets are the following. The reduced price is for persons under the age of 20, or over the age of 65.
The 1-day and 3-day travel cards are available in two variants, valid either from midnight of the day they are valid from, or 24 or 72 hours respectively from the moment they were purchased.
Upcoming ticket system.
SL is in the process of introducing a new ticket system, called "SL Access", but there have been delays and several postponements and it has from time to time been uncertain when the system will be introduced. SL blames quality problems with the system, and Social Democratic members of the board of directors at SL have wanted to investigate whether it is possible to cancel the contract with the supplier, the ERG Group. In April 2008 SL contracted IBM to complete the installation of SL Access before the end of 2008.
When the new system is taken into use, the current system consisting of magnetic strip cards and stamped coupons will be phased out. The system has been in a limited public trial in the Stockholm Metro, and on the buses on Lidingö. The new system will be based on RFID smart cards. The new system will also make differentiated travel card schemes possible, e.g. local travel cards for certain areas which can be made cheaper than the travel card that is valid for the entire Stockholm County. The ticket prices will be generally raised in conjunction with the introduction of the new ticket system.
Waxholmsbolaget's tickets.
With the Waxholmsbolaget archipelago boats the ticket structure is essentially
On the Djurgården ferry line ("Djurgårdsfärjan") between Slussen and Djurgården, the SL travel cards are valid, but not the SL coupons.
Arlanda Express tickets.
The Arlanda Express train between Stockholm central station and Arlanda airport has its own relatively expensive tickets. The normal price is 240 kr one way. Tickets can be bought in vending machines near the platform, or electronic tickets on the internet. They can be bought on board the train for a 50 kr surcharge. There are discounts for children, students and retired people. There are multi-journey tickets, and a one-year tickets for unlimited travel.
Contractors.
SL does not themselves directly operate any traffic, instead all the traffic is handled by contractors.
The contractors used by SL are as of January 2010 the following.

</doc>
<doc id="2915150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915150" title="Super Hero Central">
Super Hero Central

Super Hero Central is a 2004 Martial arts oriented Cult Film. This film was directed by and stars Scott Shaw. The Co-Stars of this films include Donald G. Jackson, Conrad Brooks, and Kevin Thompson.
Plot.
This film follows two primary characters, "Ace X" and "Kid Velvet", played by Shaw and Thompson. These two characters are members of a Rock n' Roll band, named "Super Hero Central", who live on the skids of both society and the music industry. They transform into masked superheroes to takedown a Hollywood crime lord, named "Rinaldi". 
The third primary character of this film is an unnamed character, played by Donald G. Jackson. This character goes through the film, reporting on the band through telephone conversations and while driving through Hollywood. The fourth, also unnamed, primary character is played by Hae Won Shin. This character is a spiritual teacher who sends Shaw on his mission to fight crime.
The other primary characters who appear in this film are a reporter, "Linda Marshall" and a police commissioner, "Commissioner Beckman". The reporter is seen throughout the film, reporting on the crime activities taking place in Hollywood, interviewing the police commissioner, and also interacting with the band members. She is eventually captured by the crime lord, which set the climax of this film into motion.
Locations.
"Super Hero Central" was filmed in Hollywood, California, Macau, Taipei, Taiwan, Tokyo, Japan, and Vancouver, British Columbia. This film follows two crime-fighting Superheros, played by Shaw and Thompson, who disguise their Superhero identities as members of a Rock n' Roll band.
Hollywood.
Similar to many Scott Shaw films "Super Hero Central" utilities Hollywood, California as a cinematic backdrop. Though his films are often shot in multiple locations, utilizing various geographic locations in the United States and Asia to tell the story, the primary storyline of his films generally originate in Hollywood. Hollywood landmarks such as the Hollywood sign and images of Hollywood Blvd. are commonly seen in his films. This is also the case with "Super Hero Central".
As is the case with virtually all Scott Shaw films, the story for this movie is presented in a non-linear fashion and there are many unexpected and seemingly unrelated events presented throughout this film. This film also possesses the references to Blacksploitation Cinema apparent in virtually all Scott Shaw films and this feature is full of Music video style edits where the central characters leave behind the storyline and interact solely by the presentation of visual images in association with Techno music. As this film was created soon after the death of his longtime filmmaking partner Donald G. Jackson Shaw designed the story line of Super Hero Central to pay homage to some of the previous films he had created in association with Jackson."
The final credit of this movie is, "In Memory of Dinosaur Filmmaking." This is the same final used in many Scott Shaw films.

</doc>
<doc id="2915153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915153" title="General Immortus">
General Immortus

General Immortus is a fictional character, a DC Comics supervillain. He first appeared in "My Greatest Adventure" #80, the first story in the "Doom Patrol" series, though he and the Doom Patrol can all be seen in artwork used in a "Next Issue" ad in #79. He has also been known to be called "The Forever Soldier" or "The Forever General".
Fictional character biography.
General Immortus is perhaps centuries old, and his origins are shrouded in mystery; at some points it has even been implied that Immortus' origins lie in ancient antiquity. He once owned a diamond mine, the source of much of his current-day wealth, and he killed many of the slave workers to keep the location a secret. To this day the location has remained a secret. However, little beyond this information has ever been revealed about Immortus' past. His real name has never been revealed, nor his country of origin, although it is implied to be somewhere in Europe.
Until coming into contact with the Doom Patrol, Immortus had sustained his unnatural long life indefinitely with a highly secretive and life-extending alchemical potion. However, Immortus eventually lost the precious formula and was unable to reproduce it, and as his previous stocks began to run out he began to once again age, this time rapidly. Immortus hired young scientist Niles Caulder to recreate the potion. When Caulder discovered Immortus's identity and plan, he sabotaged the "life extending ray" that he had been developing. Caulder, as "The Chief" later formed the Doom Patrol specifically to combat one of Immortus' later schemes.
Thereafter, most of General Immortus' schemes were to sustain his longevity by finding a substitute for the elixir of life he had lost. Thus, he funded and became the leader of a highly secretive criminal syndicate to steal ancient tomes and mystical artifacts for the purpose of sustaining Immortus' unnatural long life. This syndicate is militaristic, hence Immortus' title of "general", and not unlike the Thule Society in its philosophy and dabbling in the occult. From time to time thereafter, Immortus sparred with the Doom Patrol, usually in an effort to obtain the results of the Chief's life-extension research, or the Doom Patrol intercepted Immortus as he attempted to steal ancient mystical artifacts.
Immortus was a one-time member of the Brotherhood of Evil, a group formed largely to combat the Doom Patrol.
A second Doom Patrol was initiated by an Indian woman named Arani, claiming to be Mrs. Niles Caulder and calling herself Celsius. In "Showcase" #95, the general submitted her to a mind scan to find the secret to immortality, and managed to become young for the briefest moment on his Moon Base until the Doom Patrol got free and started to destroy the base as he began regressing to his former senescence. It turned out the immortality treatment failed because it had been prepared specifically for Arani's physiology.
In 2004, DC writer John Byrne restarted the Doom Patrol series and declared that the previous history had never happened, though this revision did not tamper with the history of all its villains, since their history had also been chronicled in various "Teen Titans" books. Since "Infinite Crisis", all Doom Patrol continuity Byrne attempted to wipe out is now largely restored, including that of General Immortus.
He was seen in "Salvation Run", where he was killed by Parademons in the final issue.
Immortus reappeared, alive and well, in "Final Crisis Aftermath: Run" #2, and referred to the events of "Salvation Run" as having been an eye-opening experience for him. He is now recruiting followers and having Professor Milo operate upon them to give them powers, including established non-powered villains Sportsmaster, Mr Polka Dot, Condiment King and the Human Flame. He ensures that use of these abilities causes pain until the villains have proved themselves unconditionally.
The Human Flame however is able to overcome both the pain and an additional failsafe installed by Professor Milo (a wireless remote wired to his implants and granting to Immortus and Milo the ability to shut down his powers at will), grievously burning Immortus with his powers and killing all of his new followers, save for his "lover", Seductress, who sways at his side. As the Human Flame goes away, in a quest for gaining new powers, a wounded Immortus asks Milo to rethink their strategy.
Powers and abilities.
Immortus is a cunning criminal mastermind, and has lived for centuries as a result of his life-extending potion.

</doc>
<doc id="2915155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915155" title="Autocephalous Turkish Orthodox Patriarchate">
Autocephalous Turkish Orthodox Patriarchate

The Autocephalous Turkish Orthodox Patriarchate (), also referred to as the Turkish Orthodox Church (), is an unrecognised Orthodox Christian denomination, with strong influences from Turkish nationalist ideology.
General Congregation of the Anatolian Turkish Orthodox.
The start of the Patriarchate can be traced to the Greco-Turkish War. In 1922 a pro-Turkish Orthodox group, the "General Congregation of the Anatolian Turkish Orthodox" ("Umum Anadolu Türk Ortodoksları Cemaatleri") was set up with the support from the Orthodox Bishop of Havza, as well as a number of other congregations representing a genuine movement among those among the Turkish-speaking, Orthodox Christian Karamanlides population of Anatolia who wished to remain both Orthodox and Turkish. There were calls to establish a new Patriarchate with Turkish as the language of worship.
Foundation.
On 15 September 1922 the Autocephalous Orthodox Patriarchate of Anatolia was founded in Kayseri by Pavlos Karahisarithis a supporter of the General Congregation of the Anatolian Turkish Orthodox. He was supported by 72 other Orthodox clerics.
The same year, his supporters, with his tacit support assaulted Patriarch Meletius IV of Constantinople on 1 June 1923.
On 2 October 1923 Papa Eftim besieged the Holy Synod and appointed his own Synod. When Eftim invaded the Greek Orthodox Patriarchate he proclaimed himself "the general representative of all the Orthodox communities" ("Bütün Ortodoks Ceemaatleri Vekil-i Umumisi").
With a new Ecumenical Patriarch Gregory VII elected on 6 December 1923 after the abdication of Meletius IV, there was another occupation by Papa Eftim I and his followers, when he besieged the Patriarchate for the second time. This time around, they were evicted by the Turkish police.
In 1924, Karahisarithis started to conduct the liturgy in Turkish, and quickly won support from the new Turkish Republic formed after the fall of the Ottoman Empire. He claimed that the Ecumenical Patriarchate of Constantinople was ethnically centered and favored the Greek population. Being excommunicated for claiming to be a bishop while still having a wife (married bishops are not allowed in Orthodoxy) Karahisarithis, who later changed his name into Zeki Erenerol, called a Turkish ecclesial congress, which elected him Patriarch in 1924.
On 6 June 1924, in a conference in the Church of the Virgin Mary (Meryem Ana) in Galata, it was decided to transfer the headquarters of the Turkish Orthodox Patriarchate from Kayseri to Istanbul. In the same session it was also decided that the Church of Virgin Mary would become the Center of the new Patriarchate of the Turkish Orthodox Church.
Karahisarithis and his family members were exempted from the population exchange as per a decision of the Turkish government, although there was not the exemption for either Karahisarithis' followers or the wider Karamanlides communities of Turkish-speaking Christian that was hoped for. Most of the Turkish-speaking Orthodox population remained affiliated with the Greek Ecumenical Patriarchate of Constantinople.
Support for Turkish nationalism.
Alparslan Türkeş took an interest in the Patriarchate during Eftim I rule. Türkeş would later establish the "Cumhuriyetçi Köylü Millet Partisi" (Republican Peasant and Nation Party, which evolved to become the Nationalist Movement Party). Türkeş was also involved in the post 1960 coup government although this was stymied when he fell out of favour with the government and was sent abroad as a military attache.
In 1962 when Father Eftim fell very ill, his elder son Turgut (birth name Yiorghos) was ordained as Turkish Orthodox patriarch taking the name Papa Eftim II. Eftim I survived with failing health until 1968 when he died. Eftim II died in 1991 and Karahisarithis' younger son, Selçuk Erenerol, became the new patriarch taking the title Papa Eftim III, renounced office protest over growing links between the Turkish state and the Greek Patriarch of Istanbul and Turkish attempts to join the European Union.
Attempts of integrating the Gagauz to the church.
There have been a number of attempts from the 1930s into the 21st century to tie the Turkish Orthodox Patriarchate with the ethnically Turkic, Greek Orthodox Gagauz minority in Bessarabia.
In the 1930s, attempts were made to integrate the adherents to the church by Gagauz Christians within Turkey as a congregation for the church. Hamdullah Suphi Tanriöver, Turkish ambassador to Romania tried to attract a number of communities in Gagauzia and Bessarabia regions, at the time integrated with Romania, presently part of the republic of Moldova. Gagauz, Christian Orthodox people spoke a Turkish dialect known as Gagauzo, written using the Greek alphabet. In spite of the similarities with the Karamanlides, Greek Orthodox, Turkish-speaking people native to the Karaman and Cappadocia regions of Anatolia in Turkey. Tanriöver's plans were to establish Gagauz communities in the Turkish region of Marmara, such that these communities would be attached to Autocephalous Turkish Orthodox Patriarchate founded by Eftim I. In 1935, about 70 Gagauz took the offer of the Turkish diplomat and settled down in Turkey. The new immigrants facing a lot of hardship finally converted to Islam. Eftim I was furious sending a letter to the diplomat Hamdullah Suphi Tanriöver, in which asked: "Where are my 70 devotees?" His failure to conserve the Gagauz Christians and to reintegrate them within his church was a great source of deception for him. With the onslaught of the Second World War, plans were put on hold and no further Gagauz were offered to join the church.
The plans of incorporating the Gagauz within the Turkish Orthodox Church resurfaced after the fall of the Soviet Union in the early 1990s. The Turkish government proposed to Stepan Topal, President of the independent region of Gagauzia, to tie the Gagauz Christians, numbering according to estimates to up to 120,000 Christians to the Autocephalous Turkish Orthodox Patriarchate. Stephan Topal visited Turkey in 1994 and met with Papa Eftim III and eventually 100 families accompanied by 4 priests came to Istanbul to be possibly part of the Turkish Orthodox Church community. Nevertheless, the Gagauz leaders reconsidered their plans preferring to stay committed through bonds to the Russian Orthodox Patriarchate instead. Author Mustafa Ekincikli says if the plan had succeeded, the Gagauz would truly establish a valid Turkish Orthodox Church community.
During the 8th Friendship, Brotherhood and Cooperation Congress of Turkish States and Communities held 24–26 March 2000, calls were made particularly to the Gagauz, but also to Moldavian Orthodox Christian communities of Turkish origin in general to consider joining the Turkish Orthodox Church, but this plan was never realized. The efforts of Eftim III however were recognized by the ultranationalist Turkish movement as a valid attempt to reunite Turkic nations with their origin.
Links to the Ergenekon affair.
On 22 January 2008, Sevgi Erenerol, the granddaughter of Papa Eftim I the founder of the church, and the daughter of Papa Eftim III and the sister of the current primate Papa Eftim IV was arrested for alleged links with a Turkish nationalist underground organisation named "Ergenekon". At the time of her arrest, she was the spokeswoman for the Patriarchate. It was also alleged that the Patriarchate served as headquarters for the organisation. Sevgi Erenerol was well-known for her nationalist activities and antagonism to the Ecumenical Greek Patriarchate and the Armenian Apostolic Church. During the time of Alparslan Türkeş, she had run as a parliamentary candidate for the MHP, the political arm of the Grey Wolves .
On August 5, 2013, Sevgi Erenerol was found guilty of involvement in the Ergenikon conspiracy and sentenced for life imprisonment.
Churches and congregation.
A number of churches have been seized from the Greek Orthodox Christians in Istanbul over the years, all in Karaköy (Galata) area of Istanbul and the environs. The Ecumenical Orthodox Patriarchate, the original owners of the churches has never recognized the usurpations and continue demanding the restitution of the temples to their jurisdiction. These churches have included:
Besides these churches, the Turkish Orthodox Patriarchate owns an important number of the commercial premises, an office building and a summer palace. They are run under the name of "Independent Turkish Orthodox Foundation".
The predominant congregation of the church is made up of members of the Erenerol family. The very few who had adhered to the church earlier have defected to more traditional Orthodox churches and the number of followers of the Turkish Orthodox Patriarchate is negligible excluding the Erenerol family, which governs the patriarchate. Potential "patriarchs" would likely be other immediate Erenerol family descendants, like Papa Eftim II's son Timur Erenerol or Papa Eftim III's sister's two sons Ümit and Erkin Kontoğlu.
Turkish Orthodox Church in America.
The Turkish Orthodox Church in America was an Old Catholic group of 20 predominantly African American churches in the United States loosely linked to the Patriarchate. It formed in 1966 under Christopher M. Cragg, an African American physician. He changed his name to Archbishop Civet Kristof. It continued to exist throughout the 1970s, but fell away in the early 1980s when Cragg opened a clinic in Chicago.

</doc>
<doc id="2915159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915159" title="Developmental Biology (journal)">
Developmental Biology (journal)

Developmental Biology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal. It was established in 1959 and is the official journal of the Society for Developmental Biology. It publishes research on the mechanisms of development, differentiation, and growth in animals and plants at the molecular, cellular, and genetic levels. The journal is published twice a month by Elsevier.
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted an indexed in:
According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 4.069.

</doc>
<doc id="2915160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915160" title="It's My Life">
It's My Life

It's My Life may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2915164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915164" title="Sara Dylan">
Sara Dylan

Sara Dylan (born October 28, 1939 as Shirley Marlin Noznisky), was the first wife of singer-songwriter Bob Dylan and the mother of four of his children, including musician Jakob Dylan. She was married to Bob Dylan from November 1965 until June 1977. She played the role of Clara in the movie "Renaldo and Clara", directed by Dylan, and the film was described by a Dylan biographer as "in part a tribute to his wife".
Early life.
Shirley Marlin Nozinsky was born in Wilmington, Delaware, on October 28, 1939, to Jewish parents Isaac and Bessie Nozinsky; her father was born in Poland around 1894 and became a US citizen in 1912. Isaac set up a scrap metal business at South Claymont Street, Wilmington. He was shot dead by a drunken fellow East European immigrant on November 18, 1956. Sara Nozinsky had one brother Julius, sixteen years her senior.
In 1959, Shirley moved to New York City and quickly married magazine photographer Hans Lownds. Lownds persuaded her to change her name to Sara, allegedly declaring, "I can't be married to a woman named Shirley."
Sara and Hans lived in a large five-story house on 60th Street in Manhattan, between Second and Third Avenues. Sara had a modelling career and appeared in "Harper's Bazaar" as the 'lovely luscious Sara Lownds'—and then became pregnant. Her daughter Maria was born October 21, 1961. Within a year of the birth, the marriage began to fail. Sara started going out on her own, driving around town in an MG sports car Hans had given her, and gravitated to the youthful scene in Greenwich Village. According to Peter Lownds, Lownds's son from a previous marriage, this is where she met Bob. "Bob was the reason (she left Hans)," says Lownds. "He was famous and she was very beautiful." Sara also had a friend, Sally Buchler, who went on to marry Dylan's manager Albert Grossman. Bob and Sara were guests at the wedding in November 1964.
After Hans and Sara separated, Sara went to work as a secretary for the film production division of the Time Life company, where filmmakers such as Richard Leacock and D. A. Pennebaker were impressed with her resourcefulness. "She was supposed to be a secretary," said Pennebaker, "but she ran the place." Sara introduced Bob Dylan and Albert Grossman to Pennebaker, the director who would make the film "Dont Look Back" about Dylan's UK tour in April 1965.
Marriage to Bob Dylan.
Lownds and Dylan became romantically involved sometime in late 1964; soon afterwards, they moved into separate rooms in New York's Hotel Chelsea to be near one another. Dylan biographer Robert Shelton, who knew Bob and Sara in the mid-1960s, writes that Sara "had a Romany spirit, seeming to be wise beyond her years, knowledgeable about magic, folklore and traditional wisdom."
Author David Hajdu described her as "well read, a good conversationalist and better listener, resourceful, a fast study, and good hearted. She impressed some people as shy and quiet, others as supremely confident; either way, she appeared to do only what she felt needed to be done."
In September 1965, Dylan commenced his first "electric" tour of the United States, backed by . During a break in the tour, Dylan married Sara—now pregnant with Jesse Dylan—on November 22, 1965. According to Dylan biographer Howard Sounes, the wedding took place under an oak tree outside a judge's office on Long Island, and the only other participants were Albert Grossman and a maid of honor for Sara. Some of Dylan's friends (including Ramblin' Jack Elliott) claim that, in conversation immediately after the event, Dylan denied that he was married. Journalist Nora Ephron first made the news public in the "New York Post" in February 1966 with the headline "Hush! Bob Dylan is wed."
Bob and Sara had four children: Jesse, Anna, Samuel and Jakob. Dylan also adopted Maria, Sara's daughter from her first marriage. During these years of domestic stability, they lived in Woodstock in upstate New York.
In 1973, Bob and Sara Dylan sold their Woodstock home and purchased a modest property on the Point Dume peninsula, north of Malibu, California. They commenced constructing a large home on this site, and the subsequent re-modelling of the house occupied the next two years. Sounes writes that during this period, tensions began to appear in their marriage. The Dylans still retained a house in Manhattan. In April 1974, Dylan began to take art classes with artist Norman Raeben in New York. Dylan would later say in an interview that the art lessons caused problems in his marriage: "I went home after that first day and my wife never did understand me ever since that day. That's when our marriage started breaking up. She never knew what I was talking about, what I was thinking about, and I couldn't possibly explain it." 
Notwithstanding these tensions, Sara accompanied Bob Dylan on much of the first stage of the Rolling Thunder Revue, from October to December 1975. The Revue formed the backdrop to the shooting of the film "Renaldo and Clara". Sara appeared in many scenes in this semi-improvised movie, playing Clara to Dylan's Renaldo. Joan Baez, a former lover of Dylan, was also a featured performer on the Revue and appeared in the film as The Woman In White. In one scene, Baez asked Dylan "What would've happened if we ever got married, Bob?" Dylan replies, "I married the woman I love." Sounes suggests that the film may have been in part Dylan's tribute to his wife, since his film production company, Lombard Street Films, was named after the street in Wilmington where Sara was born.
Later life.
During the divorce proceedings, Sara was represented by attorney Marvin Mitchelson. Mitchelson has estimated that the settlement agreed was worth about $36 million to Sara and included "half the royalties from the songs written during their marriage." Michael Gray has written: "A condition of the settlement was that Sara would remain silent about her life with Dylan. She has done so." By some reports Dylan and Sara remained friends after the acrimony of the divorce subsided, and Clinton Heylin writes that the photo of Dylan on a hillside in Jerusalem, which appeared on the inner sleeve of the 1983 album "Infidels", was taken by Sara.
Discussing his parents' marriage, Jakob Dylan said in 2005: "My father said it himself in an interview many years ago: 'Husband and wife failed, but mother and father didn't.' My ethics are high because my parents did a great job."
As subject of songs.
Sara Dylan is said to have inspired several songs by Dylan, and two have been directly linked to her. "Sad Eyed Lady of the Lowlands", the only song on the fourth side of the 1966 album "Blonde on Blonde", was described by critic Robert Shelton as "virtually a wedding song for the former Sara Shirley H. Lownds".
In "Sara", from the 1976 album "Desire", Dylan calls her a "radiant jewel, mystical wife". Shelton writes that with this song, "Dylan seems to be making an unabashed confessional to his wife. A plea for forgiveness and understanding." Noting the autobiographical reference in the song to "drinkin' white rum in a Portugal bar" Shelton connects this line with a trip Dylan made to Portugal with Sara in 1965. In "Sara", Dylan seems to acknowledge his wife as the inspiration for "Sad Eyed Lady":
Jacques Levy, who co-wrote many songs on "Desire", has recalled how Dylan and Sara were estranged when he recorded this song in July 1975. Sara happened to visit the studio that evening and Dylan "sang 'Sara' to his wife as she watched from the other side of the glass... It was extraordinary. You could have heard a pin drop. She was absolutely stunned by it," said Levy.
The songs on Dylan's 1975 album "Blood on the Tracks" have been described by several of Dylan's biographers and critics as arising from the tension as his marriage to Sara collapsed. The album was recorded soon after the couple's initial separation. Dylan biographers Robert Shelton and Clinton Heylin have cautioned against interpreting the album as naked autobiography, arguing that "Blood On The Tracks" works on many levels—musical, spiritual, poetic—as well as a personal confession. Dylan himself denied at the time of the album's release that "Blood on the Tracks" was autobiographical, but Jakob Dylan has said, "When I'm listening to 'Subterranean Homesick Blues' I'm grooving along just like you. But when I'm listening to "Blood On The Tracks", that's about my parents."
Heylin has quoted Steven Soles saying that, in 1977, Dylan came over unannounced to his apartment and played him ten or twelve songs that were "very dark, very intense" dealing with his bitterness over the divorce. Soles adds that none of these songs were ever recorded.
In addition to "Blonde on Blonde", "Blood on the Tracks", and "Desire", some critics have suggested Sara Dylan is the inspiration for other works. Both Clinton Heylin and Andy Gill have connected Sara to "Love Minus Zero/No Limit" recorded in January 1965. Gill writes that this song expresses admiration for Sara's "Zen-like equanimity: unlike most of the women he met, she wasn't out to impress him or interrogate him about his lyrics." Heylin credits Sara Dylan as the inspiration for "She Belongs to Me", also recorded in January 1965 for the album "Bringing It All Back Home".
In pop culture.
A fictional version of the marriage of Dylan and Sara is featured in the Bob Dylan biopic "I'm Not There", where Heath Ledger plays a Dylan-like performer and Charlotte Gainsbourg plays Claire, a character based on a combination of Sara Dylan and Suze Rotolo.

</doc>
<doc id="2915176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915176" title="Web API">
Web API

A web API is the application programming interface (API) for both the web server and web browser.
Server-side.
A server-side web API is a programmatic interface to a defined request-response message system, typically expressed in JSON or XML, which is exposed via the web—most commonly by means of an HTTP-based web server. Mashups are web applications which combine the use of multiple such web APIs. Webhooks are server-side web APIs that take as input a URI that is designed to be used like a remote named pipe or a type of callback such that the server acts as a client to dereference the provided URI and trigger an event on another server which handles this event thus providing a type of peer-to-peer IPC.
While "web API" in this context is sometimes considered a synonym for web service, Web 2.0 web applications have moved away from SOAP-based web services towards more cohesive collections of RESTful web resources. These RESTful web APIs are accessible via standard HTTP methods by a variety of HTTP clients including browsers and mobile devices.
Client-side.
A client-side web API is a programmatic interface to extend functionality within a web browser or other HTTP client. Originally these were most commonly in the form of native plug-in architectures however most newer ones target standardized JavaScript bindings.
The Mozilla Foundation created their WebAPI specification which is designed to help replace native mobile applications with HTML5 applications.
Google created their Native Client architecture which is designed to help replace insecure native plug-ins with secure native sandboxed extensions and applications. They have also made this portable by employing a modified LLVM AOT compiler.
API Modeling Languages.
A number of Modeling languages have been proposed for describing practical Web APIs including:

</doc>
<doc id="2915190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915190" title="Spin connection">
Spin connection

In differential geometry and mathematical physics, a spin connection is a connection on a spinor bundle. It is induced, in a canonical manner, from the affine connection. It can also be regarded as the gauge field generated by local Lorentz transformations. In some canonical formulations of general relativity, a spin connection is defined on spatial slices and can also be regarded as the gauge field generated by local rotations.
Definition.
Let us first introduce the local Lorentz frame fields or vierbein (also known as a tetrad) formula_1, this is basically four orthogonal space time vector fields labeled by formula_2. Orthogonal meaning
formula_3
where formula_4 is the inverse matrix of formula_5 is the spacetime metric and formula_6 is the Minkowski metric. Here, capital letters denote the local Lorentz frame indices; Greek indices denote general coordinate indices. The spacetime metric can be expressed by
formula_7
which simply expresses that formula_5, when written in terms of the basis formula_9, is locally flat.
The spin connection formula_10 defines a covariant derivative formula_11 on generalized tensors. For example its action on formula_12 is
formula_13
where formula_14 is the affine connection. The connection is said to be compatible to the vierbein if it satisfies
formula_15
The spin connection formula_10 is then given by:
where we have introduced the dual-vierbein formula_18 satisfying formula_19 and formula_20. We expect that formula_11 will also annihilate the Minkowski metric formula_22,
formula_23
This implies that the connection is anti-symmetric in its internal indices, formula_24.
By substituting the formula for the affine connection formula_25 written in terms of the formula_9, the spin connection can be written entirely in terms of the formula_9,
formula_28
To directly solve the compatibility condition for the spin connection formula_29, one can use the same trick that was used to solve formula_30 for the affine connection formula_31. First contract the compatibility condition to give
formula_32.
Then, do a cyclic permutation of the free indices formula_33 and formula_34, and add and subtract the three resulting equations:
formula_35
where we have used the definition formula_36. The solution for the spin connection is
formula_37.
From this we obtain the same formula as before.
Applications.
The spin connection arises in the Dirac equation when expressed in the language of curved spacetime. Specifically there are problems coupling gravity to spinor fields: there are no finite-dimensional spinor representations of the general covariance group. However, there are of course spinorial representations of the Lorentz group. This fact is utilized by employing tetrad fields describing a flat tangent space at every point of spacetime. The Dirac matrices formula_38 are contracted onto vierbiens,
formula_39.
We wish to construct a generally covariant Dirac equation. Under a flat tangent space Lorentz transformation transforms the spinor as
formula_40
We have introduced local Lorentz transformatins on flat tangent space, so formula_41 is a function of space-time. This means that the partial derivative of a spinor is no longer a genuine tensor. As usual, one introduces a connection field formula_42 that allows us to gauge the Lorentz group. The covariant derivative defined with the spin connection is,
formula_43,
and is a genuine tensor and Dirac's equation is rewritten as
formula_44.
The generally covariant fermion action couples fermions to gravity when added to the first order tetradic Palatini action,
formula_45
where formula_46 and formula_47 is the curvature of the spin connection.
The tetradic Palatini formulation of general relativity which is a first order formulation of the Einstein–Hilbert action where the tetrad and the spin connection are the basic independent variables. In the 3+1 version of Palatini formulation, the information about the spatial metric, formula_48, is encoded in the triad formula_49 (three-dimensional, spatial version of the tetrad). Here we extend the metric compatibility condition formula_50 to formula_49, that is, formula_52 and we obtain a formula similar to the one given above but for the spatial spin connection formula_53.
The spatial spin connection appears in the definition of Ashtekar-Barbero variables which allows 3+1 general relativity to be rewritten as a special type of formula_54 Yang–Mills gauge theory. One defines formula_55. The Ashtekar-Barbero connection variable is then defined as formula_56 where formula_57 and formula_58 is the extrinsic curvature and formula_59 is the Immirzi parameter. With formula_60 as the configuration variable, the conjugate momentum is the densitized triad formula_61. With 3+1 general relativity rewritten as a special type of formula_54 Yang–Mills gauge theory, it allows the importation of non-perturbative techniques used in Quantum chromodynamics to canonical quantum general relativity.

</doc>
<doc id="2915198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915198" title="Seance (band)">
Seance (band)

Seance is a Swedish death metal band. The band was formed in March 1990 when two local Linköping bands, Orchriste and Total Death, fused. They split up after two albums in 1998. Most band members were also involved in the bands Satanic Slaughter and Witchery. Patrik Jensen later joined the band The Haunted. They reunited in early 2008. Their new album, Awakening of the Gods, is to be released on Pulverised Records.

</doc>
<doc id="2915240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915240" title="Bobby Bare, Jr.">
Bobby Bare, Jr.

Robert Joseph "Bobby" Bare, Jr. (born June 28, 1966) is an American singer-songwriter and musician.
Early life.
Bare was born in Nashville, Tennessee, the son of singer Jeannie Bare (née Sterling) and country musician Bobby Bare, Sr.. His parents met in 1963, when his father hired Bare's mother "as a 'girl singer' for a long engagement in Reno." Bare's mother, Jeannie, ran two Nashville teddy bear shops called the Bobby Bare Trap.
Bare has a younger brother, Shannon, and a younger sister, Angela. His older sister Cari Jean (Jeannie's daughter by an earlier marriage) died at age 14 in 1976 either from complications after the birth of a daughter, who was subsequently raised in the Bare household, or died suddenly at age 15 from heart and lung complications after routine surgery.
Bare grew up in Hendersonville, Tennessee, a half an hour northeast of Nashville, where his family lived next door to Tammy Wynette and George Jones.
He has a degree in psychology from the University of Tennessee.
Bare has three children: daughter Isabella Bare, son Beckham Bare (from his first wife) and son Shelby Booker Bare (from his girlfriend).
Career.
In 1974, when Bobby was only eight, he and his father were both nominated for a Grammy for the song "Daddy What If", which was written by Shel Silverstein. Bare's daughter Isabella did a version of the song, which was featured on Twistable Turnable Man, a tribute album to Shel Silverstein which was co-produced by Bare and his father. He and his siblings also appeared on the TV show, Hee Haw, when he was a kid to provide the witch scream on Bobby Bare, Sr.'s song "Marie Laveaux," about the legendary New Orleans voodoo queen.
Bare has said that he is someone who avoided "working a real job at any cost." Bare worked as a light guy and a crew guy. "I first went on the road singing with my dad in 1973. Then by 1978 and 1979, I was selling t-shirts on the road my father's concerts. I have probably sold t-shirts at every honky-tonk across the country. Then I graduated University of Tennessee and did random band stuff but mostly everyone knew me as a light guy in Nashville. I started writing bad songs, and then I started writing better songs. Shel Silverstein critiqued every song I wrote up until he died. I would send him my stuff and he would tell me where I got lazy, where I’d lose him. He was a good cheerleader, which was a really big deal to me. By my fifth gig, I had a publishing deal. By my tenth gig, I had offers of record deals from Immortal Records and Lost Highway. Immortal signed Korn, Incubus and me. It was awesome to be offered a deal with Lost Highway, but it meant more to have a record-deal offer from somebody that didn’t know what my family background was."
Bare didn’t venture into playing guitar and composing until after college. “I didn’t even write songs and play them out until later in life,” Bare says, estimating he really got into the trade when he was about 30.
Bare Jr..
In the 1990s, he led the roots rock outfit Bare, Jr., which was signed to Immortal Records, at that time the home of Korn and Incubus. They released two major label records, 1998's "Boo-Tay" and 2000's "Brainwasher".
Young Criminals Starvation League.
He has performed with his band, the Young Criminals Starvation League, an ever-changing group of musicians, including members of Lambchop, ...And You Will Know Us by the Trail of Dead, and My Morning Jacket. They have released three studio albums, an EP, and a live album.
Solo work.
His CD, "Storm — A Tree — My Mother’s Head", was self-released through Bare's licensing company, 30 Tigers/Naked Albino Recordings, in 2010. The title of the record was inspired by a January 2008 storm in Nashville that injured his mother. "Mom was sitting on the couch, the last day of January in 2008, and there was a big, windy storm outside. And a big branch broke off halfway up the tree. It fell on the house, and literally split the house in two and landed exactly on top of her." Another song on the record, "The Sky Is The Ground," was about an accident his two-year old son: "He was riding his bike on this hill by my mom’s house. He was about two years old and was riding with his training wheels straight down the hill when bike got away from mother. At the bottom of the hill is a 12-foot drop with trees and the spot he hit. He went straight into a tree. I wrote the song from what I think he was thinking. The first thing he said was, 'I just wanted to rock out on my bicycle, dad.' Really, I don’t know if he was terrified or thought 'this is awesome.' The paramedics spent more time with my mom, calming her down because she thought he was dead. She had to climb down and get him out of the tree. We’re lucky she wasn’t injured."
Bare regularly performs in house concerts, often accompanied by the vocals of singer Carey Kotsionis.
"Shame on Me", a 2-song 7-inch vinyl record will be released by Big Legal Mess/Fat Possum Records in early 2014.
Spring 2014 will see the release of new record on Bloodshot Records called "Undefeated," and will feature a full band. The first single off the record, "The Big Time," was released as a preview before the official April 15 record launch. Bare recorded the album with Mark Nevers (Lambchop) and Grammy-winning engineer Vance Powell (Jack White, Alicia Keys, the Dixie Chicks, Buddy Guy). 
On the theme of the album: Bare "wrote the album about the end of his relationship with the mother of his youngest child, who is 3. The 10 rootsy Americana-style rock songs are at once poignant and shot through with mordant wit, which Bare said is a coping mechanism." Bare will be opening for Guided By Voices in June 2014.
Musical style and influences.
Many of Bare's songs incorporate a lot of humor and references to popular culture. His writing has been characterized as "inventive and melodic." Shel Silverstein was a huge influence in his approach to songwriting. Bare describes it as writing poems and turning them into songs, which was very similar to what Silverstein did.
On Silverstein's help with his early writing, Bare said that he grew up "in a family where Shel was a very valued member. Dad was always doing a project with him. He was around. He was a big part of our family. So I just asked him and he offered." Bare said that Silverstein taught him "to take an idea and push it as far as you can and then push it a whole lot further. You need to be writing something that was just not there before. Shel had a fearlessness in his writing. Whenever I am co-writing I notice, right at the area when people start backing down, that’s the only place you can do something interesting, right on the area where you are teetering. When someone says, 'I don’t know if we should go that far,' that’s right where you should go."
Documentary.
A documentary that follows Bare's struggles as a touring musician is called "Don't Follow Me (I'm Lost): A Film About Bobby Bare, Jr.." William Miller, the documentary's director, and Lee Baker, the documentary's producer, joined Bare on the road for four months while touring in support of his 2010 release, A Storm – A Tree – My Mother’s Head.
Musicians appearing in the film include My Morning Jacket, Justin Townes Earle, Hayes Carll, David Vandervelde, Blue Giant, Duane Denison and Bobby Bare Sr. The documentary was photographed on mixed formats including Super 16mm, 16mm, Super 8, and HD and had its East Coast premiere at the CBGB Film Festival in October 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="2915244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915244" title="Sponk!">
Sponk!

Sponk! is a children's television show, broadcast on the American networks Noggin and The N from 2001 to 2003. The premise of "Sponk!" was improvisational comedy, similar to the show Whose Line Is It Anyway? Two teams of performers depicted suggestions in a variety of games. Viewers suggested their ideas by submitting them to the Noggin website. "SID" (Suggestion & Idea Distributor) was the name of the computer on the show that picked the ideas submitted by Noggin.com members.
Cast.
The cast included host Johnathan McClain, and announcer (as the voice of SID) Karen Fowler. The performers were all young actors. Among them were Julia Kay, Tim Dorsch, Scott Irby-Rainnar, Lori Wells, Miles Thompson (who later went on to star in the feature film "Me and You and Everyone We Know"), Allie Berdebes, Vanessa Lengies, and Louie Torrellas. 
Gameplay.
It resembled a classic Nickelodeon game show, featuring young actors and a young studio audience. The performers were four boys and four girls but with two sitting out and six competing in a red team and blue team. The ideas for the improvisational and sketch contests were submitted by the home audience through Noggin.com. SID would then pick a submission and provide credit for the home audience (as their screen name). Later, SID announced the winner of a small electronic device.
The studio audience participated as judges for the sketches. They disqualified a contestant by yelling "SPONK!". When time ran out, the audience voted the winner by raising the side of their "Spaddle" to vote for the red team or blue team. The "prize" that the performers competed was the Sponk Trophy, a golden rubber chicken. Occasionally an audience member would be the sketch participant while the original performers acted as a celebrity panel, and won a small prize.

</doc>
<doc id="2915247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915247" title="Transatlantic Pictures">
Transatlantic Pictures

Transatlantic Pictures was founded by Alfred Hitchcock and longtime associate Sidney Bernstein at the end of World War II in preparation for the end of Hitchcock's contract with David O. Selznick in 1947. In 1945, Hitchcock and Bernstein were involved with a planned 80-minute documentary on Nazi concentration camps which was eventually shown on television in the US and UK as "Memory of the Camps" (1985). They planned to produce feature films in both Hollywood and London.
The first two Transatlantic films, Hitchcock's "Rope" (1948) and "Under Capricorn" (1949), both released in the US by Warner Bros., had poor box office returns. "Rope" was banned in several US cities due to the themes of homosexuality, and "Under Capricorn" was overshadowed by Ingrid Bergman's extramarital affair with director Roberto Rossellini.
A third Hitchcock film, "Stage Fright" (1950) filmed on location in London, began as a Transatlantic production, but was taken over by Warner Bros. as a Warners production. After the release of "I Confess" in early 1953, Hitchcock and Bernstein planned to film the 1948 David Duncan novel "The Bramble Bush" as a Transatlantic release. However, script and budget problems held up the production, Hitchcock and Bernstein decided to dissolve the partnership, with Warners giving Hitchcock permission to go ahead with "Dial M for Murder" (1954) instead.

</doc>
<doc id="2915272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915272" title="Clowne">
Clowne

Clowne (pronounced as "Clown") is a village and civil parish in the Bolsover district of Derbyshire, England. It forms part of the Bolsover constituency. Clowne lies north east of Chesterfield and south west of Worksop. It is mentioned in the Domesday Book as Clune. The name is derived from the Celtic "Clun" for a river.
History.
Toponymy.
Clowne, originally "Clune", has been spelt in various ways over the last 1,000 years including, Cloune, Clone, Clowen, and most recently Clown. It was mentioned in the Domesday Book of 1086. Both of the railway stations in the village spelt their names differently at different times; they both started as "Clown", one was renamed twice, firstly as "Clown and Barlborough" (no "e") then as Clowne and Barlborough, the other was renamed Clowne South.
Markland Grips.
Between Clowne and Creswell, on the southern end of the band of magnesian limestone which runs south from Durham to the Derbyshire-Nottinghamshire border, are Hollinhill and Markland Grips, a series of valleys often with vertical cliff-like sides formed by meltwater action of receding glaciers at the end of the last Ice age. 'Grips' is the local term for this feature. In the cliff sides are several small caves, rock shelters and fissures where human bones, which have been carbon dated to the early Neolithic period, have been discovered. During the Roman period, a fort guarding an important ridgeway which ran north to south was close to Clowne. It was close to an even older Bronze Age fortification on a promontory north of Hollinhill Grips. The Grips are a Site of Special Scientific Interest, managed by the Derbyshire Wildlife Trust.
Early history.
The first recorded mention of Clowne manor was in 1002 when the owner was Wulfric Spot. The Domesday Book refers to Ernui but then there was no mention of the manor until 1485 when Clowne was associated with the Bolsover manor. The manor eventually passed to the Cavendish family and through marriage to the Bentinck family, the Dukes of Portland.
The church, dedicated to St. John the Baptist, was built during the 12th century. The medieval cross and the church of St. John the Baptist are the oldest surviving structures in the village.
In the 17th century Clowne was a rural farming community. Some buildings still stand from this date, notably the Anchor Inn and Sheridon's Yard (now private residences). The plague struck Clowne in 1586 and 1606, and victims were buried away from the village at "Monument Field" or "Plague Field".
Industrial revolution.
At the beginning of the 19th century the inhabitants of Clowne worked in agriculture, or mined the shallow coal seams. Others were employed at the mill, which made candle-wick, sacking and sail-cloth. 
During the Industrial Revolution, Clowne grew exponentially, swallowing the tiny neighbouring villages of Hickinwood and Markland and becoming a colliery village. The sinking of the deep mine, Southgate Colliery, in 1877 brought in workers from elsewhere. At its peak it employed 400 men and produced 600 tons of coal per day. At the end of the 19th century, rows of Victorian terraced houses were built to house the mining families. This growth left its mark on the village visible in the old school (built 1895), the terraced housing and the old village High Street (1901) as well as the Lancashire, Derbyshire and East Coast Railway, which became the Great Central, and the Midland Railway lines which ran through the village each having a railway station. The colliery survived a fire in 1920 but closed in 1929 after the pit flooded.
Governance.
Historically, Clowne was in the hundred or wapentake of Scarsdale in the county of Derbyshire. This hundred dates to pre Conquest times. Wapentake is a division of Danish or Viking origin. Clowne was part of the Worksop Poor Law Union which dates from July 1836. The workhouse was built in 1837 at East Gate in Worksop. Clowne, an old ecclesiastical parish, was created Clowne Rural District Council as part of the Worksop rural sanitary district in 1894. This consisted of four civil parishes; Barlborough, Clowne, Elmton, and Whitwell, and was abolished in 1974 when it became part of Bolsover District Council.
Clowne is part of the Bolsover parliamentary constituency which, at present, is held for the Labour Party by Dennis Skinner who has been their MP since 1970.
Geography.
Clowne is largely a residential village in the north east corner of Derbyshire between Chesterfield and Worksop. It is situated on the old Mansfield to Rotherham high road, now the A618, at its junction with the A616 road from Newark-on-Trent to the M1 motorway at nearby Barlborough. The village is surrounded by rolling farmland, mostly arable. The area of Clowne is of limestone and clay land watered by numerous springs. Harlesthorpe Dam covers about and there is a chalybeate spring called Shuttlewood Spa in the neighbourhood. Land to the north west of Clowne is a Green belt.
Demography.
Population change.
The population of Clowne in 2001 was 7,447.
Economy.
At the time of the 2001 Census, there were 3,331 people in employment who were resident within Clowne. 
Of these, 19.84% worked in the wholesale and retail trade, including repair of motor vehicles; 17.77% worked within manufacturing industry; 12.10% worked within the health and social work sector and 8.86% were employed in the education sector.
Regeneration of the town centre has taken place including the opening of a Tesco supermarket, Wilkinson store and Aldi supermarket. Clowne is now the largest town centre in the district in terms of retail floorspace.
Clowne is close to Creswell Crags, the UK's only verified example of Paleolithic cave art, and close to the M1 motorway. Historian James Romanelli recently auctioned off precious artefacts found near this site to an environmental institute.
Transport.
Since the closure of the railway stations, Clowne has been dependent on road transport. Buses run by Stagecoach Chesterfield operate services in and around Clowne.
Education.
The earliest recorded school was a free school founded in 1730. A School Board was formed in 1876. The girls & infants school was built in 1877, the boys school in 1889. Clowne Junior School is housed in a building opened in October 1984. They have around 350 pupils. Heritage High School, formerly Clowne Secondary School, on Boughton Lane was awarded specialist Mathematics and Computing School status in 2006. A new school has been built, with much better facilities than the previous school.
There was a mining college in Clowne and further education is provided by a newly built campus of the Chesterfield College within the town.
Religion.
The church of St. John the Baptist is situated on an ancient ridgeway and dates from Norman times, the south doorway and chancel arch are of Norman architecture. It was partially rebuilt in the Early English and Perpendicular styles. The Norman chancel was rebuilt and enlarged in 1955 when two chapels were added, one dedicated to those who lost their lives in the coal mines.
The Salvation Army meet in Clowne.
Roman Catholics in the area used Southgate House Chapel to celebrate mass. The chapel was built in 1901 by Lady Petre, the second wife of Colonel Butler Bowden. The chapel continued in use until 1950 and is now the dining room of the Van Dyk Hotel. Roman Catholics now worship at the Church of Sacred Heart in Clowne.
References.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="2915281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915281" title="Bad Radkersburg">
Bad Radkersburg

Bad Radkersburg (, old Hungarian name "Regede") is a city in the southeast of the Austrian state of Styria in the district of Südoststeiermark. On the other side of the river Mur in Slovenia lies its twin city Gornja Radgona.
Bad Radkersburg is a spa sporting a thermal spring with a temperature of 80 °C. This and the longest sunshine duration in Austria make the town an attractive site of tourism with 100,000 stays per year.
History.
It is not known when Radkersburg was first settled or where the first settlement was located. It is also not known when Radkersburg fell under princely territorial rule. Most likely, Radkersburg originally did not belong to the Duke of Styria, but to an aristocrat to whom it had been given by the king. Contemporary research suggests that Radkersburg was not founded by Ottokar II of Bohemia (1232-1278), but by Albert I of Habsburg (1255-1308). The appearance of the city today is apparently based on a precise plan. Radkersburg was surrounded by a wall with towers in the end of the 13th century. It was elevated to an imperial fortress in 1582 by the Reichstag of Augsburg. Oberradkersburg (Gornja Radgona), on the other side of the Mur River, has been a part of Slovenia since 1919. The bridge across the Mur was reopened on October 12, 1969 which led to rapprochement between Austria and Yugoslavia. A thermal spring was made accessible in 1978, soon followed by an extension to the bathing site.

</doc>
<doc id="2915284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915284" title="Apabhraṃśa">
Apabhraṃśa

Apabhraṃśa (, , Prakrit: ) is a term used by the native Sanskrit grammarians since Patañjali to refer to the dialects prevalent in North India before the rise of the modern languages. In Indology, it is used as a cover term for the dialects forming the transition between the late Middle and the early Modern Indo-Aryan languages, spanning the period between the 6th and 13th centuries CE. However, these dialects are conventionally included in the Middle Indo-Aryan period. "" in Sanskrit literally means "corrupt" or "non-grammatical language", that which deviates from the norm of Sanskrit grammar.
Apabhraṃśa literature is a valuable source for the history of North India for the period spanning the 12th to 16th centuries.
Overview.
The term "Prakrit" (which includes Pāli) is also used as a cover term for the popular dialects of India which were spoken until the 4th to 8th century, but some scholars use the term for the whole Middle Indo-Aryan period. Middle Indo-Aryan languages gradually transformed into Apabhraṃśa dialects, which were used until about the 13th century. Apabhraṃśas later evolved into Modern Indo-Aryan languages. The boundaries of these periods are somewhat hazy, not strictly chronological. The modern northern Indian languages are often considered to have begun to develop a distinct identity around the 11th century, while the Apabhraṃśa dialects were still in use, and became fully distinct by the end of the 12th century.
A significant amount of Apabhraṃśa literature has been found in Jain libraries. While Amir Khusrow and Kabir were writing in a language quite similar to modern Hindi, many poets, especially in regions that were still ruled by Hindu kings, continued to write in Apabhraṃśa. These authors include Saraha, Tilopa and Kanha of Kamarupa; Devasena of Dhar (9th century CE); Pushpadanta of Manyakheta (9th century CE); Dhanapal; Muni Ramsimha; Acharya Hemachandra of Patan; and Raighu of Gwalior (15th century CE).
An early example of the use of Apabhraṃśa is in Vikramorvashiyam of Kālidāsa, when Pururava asks the animals in the forest about his beloved who had disappeared. Compositions in Apabhramsha continued until Vikram Samvat 1700, when Bhagavatidas wrote "Migankaleha Chariu".
Some examples

</doc>
<doc id="2915299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915299" title="Ioan Mihai Cochinescu">
Ioan Mihai Cochinescu

Ioan Mihai Cochinescu (born April 16, 1951) is a Romanian novelist and essayist. He is also a film script author and director, an art photographer, teacher, musicologist and composer.
Childhood.
He was born and grew up in Timişoara, Romania.
Study.
1970-1974 he studied music (violin, piano and composition) at The National University for Music in Bucharest. His professors included George Balan, Dan Constantinescu, Myriam Marbe, Victor Giuleanu, Emilia Comisel, D.D. Botez, Marin Constantin, Grigore Constantinescu, Dan Buciu, Alexandru Leahu. He was granted the "Doctor of Music", (Aesthetics) from this university in 2005. His dissertation was on "The Venetian baroque music of Antonio Vivaldi."
He is a teacher of Aesthetics at the Fine Arts and Music High School of Ploieşti (Romania).
Artistic and literary activity.
During the 1980s he participated in literary circles of Bucharest, which included the Junimea literary circle, led by the critic Ovidiu S. Crohmălniceanu, the Mondays literary circle headed by professor Nicolae Manolescu, the "Ion Luca Caragiale" and other groups in Ploieşti, Câmpina, Mizil, Pucioasa and Slănic. Many of his colleagues and he fought against the Communist censorship.
He has been published in the magazines "Argeș" (1968), "SLAST" (1986), and "Tribuna" (1987). A volume of short stories (1986 Publishing House "Cartea Romaneasca") the censors removed its narrations.
He participated as an "Art photographer" from 1982–1986 in a number of international competitions in Romania, France, Brazil and Poland, where he won several awards. His essays, articles and translations have been published in the magazine "Fotografia". He is the creator of The Photoplan - and Photospacial Forms, shown in the galleries for photo art AAF (1983 Bucharest), Sala Dalles (1983 Bucharest) and 1986 in Poland. "The first national salon for photographic essays", ESEF in Ploieşti was presented by him in 1986. 
Affiliation.
He is a member of the Writers' Union of Romania (1993), Association of the Art Photographers in Romania - AAF (1982), founder and chairman of the Literary Society Ploieşti - SPLP (1990), initial member (1994) and member executive committee (1996) of the Association of Professional Romanian Writers - ASPRO.
Literary and scientific activity.
The following books are in preparation:
Literary awards.
For his novel, "The Ambassador"(1991):
Critical evaluations.
Gabriela Adameşteanu, Magdalena Bedrosian, Nicolae Breban, Zoe Dumitrescu-Buşulenga, Călin Căliman, Mircea Cărtărescu, Ov.S.Crohmălniceanu, Constantin Hârlav, Florin Iaru, Ion Bogdan Lefter, Alexandru Leahu, Monica Lovinescu, Fl.Manolescu, Dan C.Mihăilescu, Simona Popescu, Tania Radu, Iosif Sava, Eugen Simion, Octavian Soviany, Elena Ştefoi, Alex.Mihai Stoenescu, Ion Stratan, Cristian Teodorescu, Laurentiu Ulici, Ioan Vieru a.s.o.

</doc>
<doc id="2915300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915300" title="Prepple Houmb">
Prepple Houmb

Per Øivind Houmb, stage name Prepple (born 14 March 1964) is the vocalist and frontman in the Norwegian rock band DumDum Boys. He has also been the vocalist in the band Wannskrækk, the drummer in Belsen Boys and the bassist in the band Betty Bohm Bang Band.

</doc>
<doc id="2915309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915309" title="Athos-Aspis">
Athos-Aspis

Athos-Aspis is a French commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the Aquitaine region of south-western France.
Geography.
Athos-Aspis is located immediately to the north-west of Sauveterre-de-Béarn and just east of Abitain. Access to the commune is by the D27 road from Sauveterre-de-Béarn passing through the east of the commune and going north to Oraas. Access to the village can be by several country roads from the D27 including Arriouteque going to Lespitaou and also the Village road. Apart from the village there is the hamlet of Aspis in the south of the commune. There are significant forests in the east of the commune with the rest farmland.
The Gave d'Oloron forms the whole southern and eastern borders of the commune as it flows north to join the Gave de Pau at Peyrehorade. The "Arriouyeque" flows from the east of the commune through the centre to join the Gave d'Oloron on the western border. The "Ruisseau de Rance" rises just east of the commune and flows south-west to join the Arriouteque. The "Arrec Heure" forms most of the northern border of the commune as it flows west to join the Gave d'Oloron at the north-western corner of the commune.
Toponymy.
The commune name in béarnais is "Atos-Aspins".
For "Athos" Michel Grosclaude proposed the patronym "Ato" with the Aquitaine suffix "-ossum". For "Aspis" Michel Grosclaude proposed a Gascon etymology "es pins" meaning "the pines".
The following table details the origins of the commune name and other names in the commune.
Sources:
Origins:
History.
Paul Raymond noted on page 16 that in 1385 Athos had 19 fires and depended on the Bailiwick of Sauveterre as did the fief of Aspis as noted on page 15.
The villages of Athos and Aspis werd untited into one commune on 10 January 1842.
During the Reformation the Priest at Athos was murdered in his church and the village adopted the new ideas.
Athos is the birthplace of Athos, one of the title characters in the novel "The Three Musketeers" by Alexandre Dumas. The fictional Athos is named after the historical musketeer Armand de Sillègue d'Athos d'Autevielle (1615–1644), youngest son of Adrien de Sillègue, Lord of Athos and Autevielle. Autevielle is another nearby village in the commune of Autevielle-Saint-Martin-Bideren.
Administration.
List of Successive Mayors
Inter-communality.
The commune is part of five inter-communal structures:
Demography.
In 2010 the commune had 185 inhabitants. The evolution of the number of inhabitants is known from the population censuses conducted in the commune since 1793. From the 21st century, a census of communes with fewer than 10,000 inhabitants is held every five years, unlike larger towns that have a sample survey every year.
From 1793 to 1836 the communes of Athos and Aspis were separate but the above table shows the total for both communes during that period.
Economy.
Economic activity is mainly agricultural. The commune is part of the Appellation d'origine contrôlée (AOC) zone of Ossau-iraty.
Culture and heritage.
Civil heritage.
There are the houses of Lascampagnes, the consul Gourlat, and of Bouchoô the place where Monsigneur Bouchoô was born.
Aspis has a château from the 14th century facing the Gave d'Oloron with a terrace and a door to the garden. There is also the site of an old church and the old school.
At Athos there is a church of Romanesque origin in the old fief of "Moliède d'Athos" where there was a well-known ferry and ruins of a mill.
Religious heritage.
The Church of Saint-Pierre is of Romanesque origin and contains a renaissance stoup and a Statue on the Virgin in coloured wood. Behind the Altar is the tomb of Jeanne du Peyrer "Lady of Athos and Aspis" and mother of the musketeer. The renaissance door has a stone carving from the 14th century upside down (it was probably a stone that was reused).
The cemetery has the tomb of the design engineer of the Sauveterre bridge and also that of Edmond Gourlat, consul of France and local personality.
Notable people linked to the commune.
The birth of the musketeer Athos in the commune is debatable. A plaque near the church says that he was born in the Lassalle house where only parts of walls remain but the village of Autevielle also claims his birth in the fortified house of "Moliède d'Athos" which has some remains of strong walls.
Athos was the birthplace of Jean-Baptiste Boucho, born in the Bouchoô house in 1797, French Apostolic vicar of the Malay peninsula.

</doc>
<doc id="2915314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915314" title="Shoshannah Stern">
Shoshannah Stern

Shoshannah Stern (born July 3, 1980) is an American actress.
Life.
She was born in Walnut Creek, California into an observant Jewish and fourth-generation deaf family, the daughter of Ron Stern and Hedy Marilyn Stern (née Udkovich). One of her grandmothers is a Holocaust survivor. Her hometown is Fremont, California, where she attended the California School for the Deaf, Fremont.
Stern's first language is American Sign Language. She is also able to read lips and speak English without an interpreter. She attended Gallaudet University, the only liberal arts college for the deaf in the world.
She married her husband, Ricky Mitchell, on June 3, 2012 in Santa Fe, New Mexico. She currently resides with him in Hollywood, California.
Stern got her first regular series role as Holly Brodeen, a member of an elite government anti-terrorist task force in ABC's "Threat Matrix". The role was created for her by the show's producers after a director who had worked with her on "The Division" recommended her. She had a recurring role in Showtime's "Weeds" (as Megan Beals-Botwin) and was also on "ER", "Providence" and "Cold Case". She played Bonnie Richmond in the CBS post-apocalyptic drama "Jericho". She had a recurring role in Season 3 of Fox's "Lie to Me".
Stern appeared with Matthew Broderick in the film "The Last Shot" and starred in the film "Adventures of Power". She also appeared in the popular music video "Yes We Can", written by will.i.am for the Barack Obama campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="2915318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915318" title="Kjartan Kristiansen">
Kjartan Kristiansen

Kjartan Kristiansen (born 14 August 1963 in Trondheim, Norway) is the guitarist and backing vocalist in the Norwegian band DumDum Boys, and he is also the lyricist and main songwriter.
Biography.
Kristiansen established the Punk band Wannskrækk in 1978, and in 1985 they changed the name to DumDum Boys. They were one of the leading Norwegian rock bands in the 1980s and 90s.
He has also been part of "The Beste", witch included former members of The Aller Værste!. The album from 1985 contains two songs by Kristiansen, that he performs on the record. in additione he has released an EP and two albums with the band 'Tweeterfriendly Music' in the period from 2001 to 2003.
In 2006 he was awarded Edvardprisen in the class of Popular music for the song «Enhjørning» on the DumDum Boys album "Gravitasjon". Together with Aslak Dørum he was awarded Spellemannprisen 2009 in the class Copywriter for the lyrics to the album "Tidsmaskin" by Dum Dum Boys. Kristiansen received the Lyricist Fund Award in 2012. He has also produced and mixed the latest album "If Only as a Ghost" (2013) by Jonas Alaska.

</doc>
<doc id="2915337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915337" title="Josh Gracin (album)">
Josh Gracin (album)

Josh Gracin is the self-titled debut album of American country music singer Josh Gracin. It was released in the United States on June 15, 2004 on Lyric Street Records, reached number eleven on the Nielsen Soundscan album chart and sold 57,048 the first week. It has since received RIAA gold certification and has a sales of 703,000 as of December 2010, one of only three by new male country singers introduced in four years to earn a gold album.
Content.
The tracks "I Want to Live", "Nothin' to Lose", and "Brass Bed" (which was re-titled "Stay with Me (Brass Bed)" upon release to radio) were all released as singles, peaking at number four, number one, and number five, respectively, on the country charts. "Nothin' to Lose" was originally recorded by its co-writer, Marcel, on his 2003 album "You, Me and the Windshield".
The album was recorded while he was still serving in the Marine Corps, recording it when on leave, during holidays and weekends.
Personnel.
As listed in liner notes

</doc>
<doc id="2915342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915342" title="Sola Jonsen">
Sola Jonsen

Hans Olav Sola Johnsen (born 11 June 1963), stage name Sola Jonsen, is a Norwegian musician. He is the drummer in Wannskrækk, DumDum Boys, Det Gurgles and Motorpsykkel.

</doc>
<doc id="2915346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915346" title="Prince Christian of Denmark">
Prince Christian of Denmark

Prince Christian of Denmark, Count of Monpezat (Christian Valdemar Henri John; born 15 October 2005) is the elder son of Crown Prince Frederik and his wife, the Australian born Crown Princess Mary. He is a grandson of Queen Margrethe II and her husband Prince Henrik. He has a younger brother, Prince Vincent and two younger sisters, Princess Isabella and Princess Josephine. He is second in the Danish line of succession, after his father. 
Birth and baptism.
Prince Christian was born at 1:57 am in Rigshospitalet, the Copenhagen University Hospital, in Copenhagen on Saturday, 15 October 2005. At noon on the day of his birth 21-gun salutes were fired from the Sixtus Battery at Holmen in Copenhagen and at Kronborg Castle to mark the birth of a royal child. At the same time, public buses and official buildings flew the Danish flag, the Dannebrog. At sunset on the same day beacon bonfires were lit all over Denmark, while Naval Home Guard vessels lit their searchlights and directed them towards the capital. Bonfires were also lit in celebration in Australia.
Prince Christian was hospitalised briefly on 21 October 2005 because he suffered from neonatal jaundice, a usually harmless illness and a fairly common one (especially in premature births). The first photographs of the then 6-day-old boy showed a yellow tinge to his face and hands. The prince was examined by doctors and underwent blood tests, then spent time in a light box under special coloured light rays to break down the bilirubin substance which causes jaundice. His parents took him home again the same day and he made a full recovery.
Prince Christian was christened on 21 January 2006 in Christiansborg Palace Chapel by Bishop Erik Norman Svendsen. Christian's godparents are his paternal uncle, Prince Joachim of Denmark; his maternal aunt, Jane Stephens; the Crown Prince and Crown Princess of Norway; the Crown Princess of Sweden; the Crown Prince of Greece; and two friends of the couple: Jeppe Handwerk and Hamish Campbell. He was named Christian Valdemar Henri John, continuing the Danish royal tradition of alternating between the names Christian and Frederick in direct line; after King Valdemar IV and the prince's grandfathers.
He received a number of presents on the occasion of his christening, including a pony called Flikflak from the Folketing, Denmark's national parliament.
Succession and the constitution.
As the firstborn child of the heir apparent, Christian is second-in-line to the Danish throne; at the accession or premature death of his father, Christian will become heir apparent. Since the 16th century, first-born sons of Danish monarchs have traditionally been alternately named Frederik and Christian; Queen Margrethe II, while naturally interrupting this sequence, treated herself as a "Christian" for the purposes of alternation, coming between her father, Frederick IX, and her son, Crown Prince Frederik. Prince Christian will likewise presumably be known as "King Christian XI of Denmark" (following his great-great-grandfather Christian X in that name).
The possibility Mary could be expecting a female child motivated Danish politicians to consider the possibility of adopting absolute primogeniture. Formerly Denmark's throne followed agnatic primogeniture; this was altered by the 1953 Act of Succession, which introduced male-preference cognatic primogeniture, which gives daughters a place in the succession, but behind their brothers. This change allowed the present Queen to become heiress presumptive and eventually inherit the throne. While the Crown Princess was still pregnant with Christian, the Folketing began the lengthy process (which would need in the end the approval of two parliaments and a referendum) to change the Danish constitution to allow absolute primogeniture. The birth of a boy removed some urgency from this drive.
On 11 September 2006, Per Stig Møller, Denmark's Minister for Foreign Affairs, formally wrote and signed a hand-written document confirming Prince Christian's place in the line of succession. The prince's full name, his dates of birth and christening, and the names of his godparents were recorded as dictated by the Royal Law of 1799.
Christian Valdemar Viking.
In 2006 Scandinavian Airlines System was in the process of purchasing new A319 aircraft; and in Christian's honour the first of these, delivered on 8 August 2006, was named "Christian Valdemar Viking".
Education and royal duties.
Christian was the first member of the Danish Royal Family, and first future Danish king, to attend nursery school. At the same age, the Crown Prince had a nanny at the palace. He is also the first member of the Danish Royal Family to attend a public state school.
Christian participated in his first official royal duty when he attended the opening of the new elephant house at the Copenhagen Zoo with his grandfather, Prince Henrik, who is a patron of the zoo, and who laid the foundation stone for the new elephant house in October 2006. Christian was the one who opened the elephant house by pressing a button on an interactive console. The elephants were a gift from the King and Queen of Thailand to the Queen and Prince Consort of Denmark on their last visit to Thailand. The elephant house was designed by Norman Foster and Partners.
On 19 June 2010, he acted as a page boy in the wedding of his godmother, the Crown Princess of Sweden, to Daniel Westling.
On 17 November 2010, he accompanied his mother and grandfather to the unveiling of a painting of Prince Ulrik at Rosenborg Castle.
Titles and styles.
Christian is styled as "His Royal Highness Prince Christian of Denmark, Count of Monpezat". He has been Prince of Denmark since birth and Count of Monpezat since 29 April 2008, when Queen Margrethe granted the title to her male-line descendants.

</doc>
<doc id="2915347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915347" title="Hungry for Stink">
Hungry for Stink

Hungry for Stink is the fourth album by the Los Angeles grunge band L7. The title is taken from a personal ad that was seen by one of the band members shortly before the album was released. It was released in July 1994 during their Lollapalooza tour. Musically, the album is heavier than the band's previous work, marking the culmination of their progression from a largely punk to metal sound. Lyrically the songs concern "darker" themes; for example stalking on "Can I Run", and depression and insanity on "Questioning My Sanity".
The song "Andres" was released as a single and peaked at #34 in the UK in July 1994. "Can I Run" and "Stuck Here Again" were both released as promotional singles. The song "Fuel My Fire" which is largely based on the Cosmic Psychos' tune "Lost Cause" was covered later on by the electronic band The Prodigy on their "The Fat of the Land" album. An early recording of "Freak Magnet" had previously appeared as a B-side to the "Everglade" single, a track from the "Bricks are Heavy" album.

</doc>
<doc id="2915352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915352" title="That's the Way (Led Zeppelin song)">
That's the Way (Led Zeppelin song)

"That's the Way" is a song by English rock band Led Zeppelin from their third album, "Led Zeppelin III", released in 1970. Like several of the tracks on the album, it is an acoustic song and is particularly noted as being one of the most gentle and mellow compositions in the Led Zeppelin catalogue.
Musical composition.
The studio version features Jimmy Page playing acoustic guitar in open G♭ tuning, pedal steel, dulcimer, and bass guitar while John Paul Jones plays mandolin. There is no presence of John Bonham's drums on the track, and light tambourine and bass guitar is added towards the end of the song.
Writing.
Jimmy Page and Robert Plant wrote this piece in 1970 on a retreat at Bron-Yr-Aur cottage, Wales. Page explained:
In an interview he gave to "Mojo" magazine in 2010, he elaborated:
The original working title of the song was "The Boy Next Door". According to Stephen Davis's biography of Led Zeppelin, "Hammer of the Gods", the song's lyrics reflected Plant's views on the ecology and environment. There are also several lines in the song which reflected on the way Led Zeppelin was sometimes treated in America during their early concert tours, when they were sometimes spat on, had guns drawn on them and were heckled at airports and on planes. They were also troubled about the violence that they had seen policemen visit upon youth who protested the war in Vietnam, as well as upon the fans at their shows, particularly during their spring 1970 tour of the United States:
Live performances.
When onstage for Page and Plant's "Unledded" reunion in 1994, Plant announced to the audience that Page's daughter, Scarlet Page, was conceived "about half an hour" after "That's the Way" was written. Page's partner, Charlotte Martin, was staying at Bron-Yr-Aur at the time with Page, along with Plant's wife Maureen and their own child Carmen.
"That's the Way" was played live at Led Zeppelin concerts from 1970 through 1972, and was recalled for their series of concerts at Earls Court in 1975. Live versions of the song can also be found on "How the West Was Won", the "BBC Sessions" and the "Led Zeppelin DVD". The song was always performed half a step higher than the studio version, and the bass part at the end was always played by John Paul Jones on bass pedals. In 1994, Page and Plant also released a version on the "" CD and DVD.
Uses in other media.
This was one of the few songs in their catalogue that Led Zeppelin authorized for use on a film soundtrack. After seeing a rough cut of Cameron Crowe's "Almost Famous" in 2000, Page and Plant agreed to let him use some Led Zeppelin songs on it, but this is the only one which made it onto the soundtrack album. Other Led Zeppelin songs which can be heard in the film are "Tangerine", "The Rain Song", "Bron-Yr-Aur", "Immigrant Song" and "Misty Mountain Hop".
Formats and tracklistings.
1971 7" EP (Australia: Atlantic EPA 228)

</doc>
<doc id="2915357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915357" title="Femoral">
Femoral

Femoral can refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="2915358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915358" title="Persi Iveland">
Persi Iveland

Per Christian "Persi" Iveland (born 30 August 1963) is a Norwegian musician. He was the former bassist of Wannskrækk - and later on - DumDum Boys he was replaced by Aslak Dørum in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="2915365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915365" title="Bridge House">
Bridge House

Bridge House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2915370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915370" title="Glenn Spencer">
Glenn Spencer

Glenn Spencer is an American political and illegal immigration activist, and president of "American Border Patrol". 
In the 2000s Spencer gained media attention, notably from Lou Dobbs of CNN, when he converted his ranch on the Arizona and Mexico border into a hi-tech security zone complete with infrared cameras, aerial drones and motion detectors. Spencer sought to show the American federal government how easy it was to halt illegal immigration and used his life savings to attempt to prove it.
The nonprofit civil rights organization Southern Poverty Law Center and the Anti-Defamation League have accused American Border Patrol of being a hate group.

</doc>
<doc id="2915373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915373" title="Stephen Lang">
Stephen Lang

Stephen Lang (born July 11, 1952) is a Tony Award-nominated American actor and playwright. He started in theater on Broadway but is well known for his film portrayals of Stonewall Jackson in "Gods and Generals" (2003) and George Pickett in "Gettysburg" (1993), as well as for his 2009 roles as Colonel Miles Quaritch in "Avatar" and as Texan lawman Charles Winstead in "Public Enemies". He also played Commander Nathaniel Taylor in the short lived 2011 television series "Terra Nova".
Lang was the co-artistic director (with Carlin Glynn and Lee Grant) of the famed Actors Studio, at its headquarters in New York City (2004 to 2006).
Personal life.
Lang was born in New York City, the youngest child of Theresa (née Volmer, dec. 2008) and Eugene Lang, a prominent entrepreneur and philanthropist. He has two elder siblings - Jane, an attorney and activist, and David, who served as an executive at REFAC, the company Eugene founded in 1952. Lang's father has donated much of his net worth (in excess of $150 million) to charity and will not leave an inheritance to his children, believing they each needed to learn to become self-sufficient. Lang's mother was of Irish Catholic descent, and his father is Jewish (Lang's paternal grandparents were immigrants from Hungary).
Lang attended the school PS 178 in Jamaica Estates, Queens. For high school he attended George School, a Quaker boarding school in Newtown, PA. He graduated from Swarthmore College in 1973 with a degree in English Literature; on May 30, 2010, Swarthmore awarded him an Honorary Degree from College in recognition of his distinguished career in theatre, television, and film. His youngest son, Noah, received his bachelor's degree during the same ceremony. He also holds an Honorary Doctorate in Humane Letters from Jacksonville University and was an artist in residence at Northeastern University in 2011.
Lang has been married to Kristina Watson, a costume designer and teacher, since June 1, 1980. They have four children: Lucy, Daniel, Noah, and Grace.
Career.
Lang played Harold (Happy) Loman in the 1984 Broadway revival of "Death of a Salesman" and the 1985 television film with Dustin Hoffman as Willy Loman, and appeared in the first Hannibal Lecter film "Manhunter" (1986), as reporter Freddy Lounds. He played attorney David Abrams in the television series "Crime Story" (1986–88). He played the title role in the NBC movie "Babe Ruth" (1991). He later played the "One Armed Man" in the 2000 revival of "The Fugitive" starring Tim Daly. The series was a modest success but lasted only one season because of its large production budget.
In 1992, he was nominated for a Tony Award for his lead role in "The Speed of Darkness." His film role in "Last Exit to Brooklyn" (1989) garnered him widespread critical acclaim, but its limited release prevented the film from reaching a wider audience. On stage, he was the first to play the role of Colonel Nathan Jessup in "A Few Good Men," a role made famous on film (1992) by Jack Nicholson. He is the winner of over half a dozen theatre awards including the Drama Desk and Helen Hayes awards.
In films, he played Maj. Gen. George E. Pickett in "Gettysburg" (1993) and as the lead role of Thomas "Stonewall" Jackson in the Gettysburg prequel "Gods and Generals" (2003), both from director Ronald F. Maxwell. He considers "Gods and Generals" to be his finest performance. Arguably, his most famous film role, before Avatar, was his portrayal of the villainous Ike Clanton in the successful Western "Tombstone" (1993) with Kurt Russell and Val Kilmer.
Shortly before Arthur Miller's death in February 2005, Lang appeared in his long-time friend's last play, titled "Finishing the Picture". It premiered in 2004 at Chicago's Goodman Theatre, where Lang had the second run of his own play "Beyond Glory," which had premiered in Arlington, Virginia, early in 2004, and his Tony-nominated portrayal for "The Speed of Darkness." Lang also performed "Beyond Glory", a one-man show, for troops deployed overseas. In 2006, he played the role of Colonel Littlefield in John Patrick Shanley's play "Defiance". He brought "Beyond Glory" to Roundabout's Off-Broadway Laura Pels Theatre in 2007. Since its New York City premiere, "Beyond Glory" has been nominated for a Drama Desk Award and a Lucille Lortel Award both for outstanding solo performance.
Recently, he filmed a role in the ESPN mini-series "The Bronx is Burning", as well as roles in independent features "Save Me" and "From Mexico With Love". He plays a lead role in James Cameron's sci-fi epic "Avatar" as the villainous Colonel Quaritch.
In 2009, he appeared in Michael Mann's film "Public Enemies" as Texas Ranger Charles Winstead, the man widely considered to have fired the shots that killed John Dillinger and in Grant Heslov's "The Men Who Stare at Goats" alongside Jeff Bridges, Kevin Spacey, Ewan McGregor and George Clooney.
Also in 2009, he narrated the audiobook "Road Rage"—which combines the short stories "Duel" by Richard Matheson and "Throttle" by Stephen King and Joe Hill—and guest-starred in the "" Season 8 finale, "" in the role of Axel Kaspers. In 2010 he performed the narration for "The Gettysburg Story: Battlefield Auto Tour," the top-selling audio tour of the Gettysburg Battlefield at Gettysburg National Military Park in Gettysburg, PA. Written and produced by filmmaker Jake Boritt and based on works by historian Gabor Boritt it tells the story of the Battle of Gettysburg and Abraham Lincoln's Gettysburg Address in Gettysburg National Cemetery. Lang is also the narrator of the companion Public Television documentary "The Gettysburg Story" presented by Maryland Public Television.
Lang played the villain Khalar Zym in the 2011 "Conan the Barbarian" reboot starring Jason Momoa. He also played one of the leads, Nathaniel Taylor, in the Steven Spielberg-produced TV series "Terra Nova".
In February 2012, he signed on to play Mary Shannon's estranged father in a three episode arc on the final season of the USA television series "In Plain Sight".[http://www.tvfanatic.com/2012/02/stephen-lang-cast-as-marys-father-on-in-plain-sight/]
Lang stars in the upcoming 2013 horror film "The Monkey's Paw". The film is based on the W. W. Jacobs novel, and also stars C. J. Thomason, Corbin Bleu, and Charles S. Dutton. The film is being released in theaters and on demand on October 8, 2013.
Recently Lang has been confirmed as reprising his role as Colonel Miles Quaritch in the three upcoming sequels to "Avatar".
He currently plays Increase Mather, in a recurring role, on WGN America's first original scripted series, "Salem".

</doc>
<doc id="2915374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915374" title="San Pedro Partido">
San Pedro Partido

San Pedro Partido is a partido located in the north of the Argentine province of Buenos Aires, whose capital city is San Pedro. With an area of 1,322 km2, the county population was 55,234 (). 
Economy.
The economy of San Pedro Partido is dominated by farming, the main agricultural products are wheat, soybean and fruit.
Other sources of revenue include factories, service industries and ecotourism.

</doc>
<doc id="2915377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915377" title="Baccharis">
Baccharis

Baccharis is a genus of perennials and shrubs in the aster family (Asteraceae). They are commonly known as baccharises but sometimes referred to as "brooms", because many members have small thin leaves resembling the true brooms. They are not at all related to these however, but belong to an entirely different lineage of eudicots. "B. halimifolia" is commonly known as "groundsel bush", and in fact "Baccharis" is in the same family as the true groundsels, "Senecio".
"Baccharis", with over 500 species, is the largest genus in the Compositae.
It is found throughout the Americas, distributed mainly in the warmer regions of Brazil, Argentina, Colombia, Chile and Mexico, with "B. halimifolia" ranging northward along the Atlantic Coast to the southern tip of Nova Scotia in Canada. 
If present, the leaves of "Baccharis" are borne along the stems in alternate fashion. Flowers are usually white or pinkish. There are no ray flowers, but many disk flowers (which are staminate) and pistillate flowers.
Some species of "Baccharis" are toxic to animals; in particular, consumption of "B. coridifolia" may lead to necrosis in the gastrointestinal tract of cattle, horses, sheep, and rabbits.
Classification.
"Baccharis" is related to the genera "Archibaccharis" and "Heterothalamus".
The genus "Baccharis" is named after Bacchus (Dionysus), the Roman god of wine.
Ecology.
"Baccharis" species are used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species, such as the swift moths "Phymatopus californicus" and "P. hectoides". Those of the leaf-miner moths "Bucculatrix dominatrix" and "B. seperabilis" feed exclusively on Bush Baccharis ("B. pilularis"), "B. ivella" has been found on Eastern Baccharis, and "B. variabilis" is a polyphagous species which has been recorded on various "Baccharis". The "Coleophora" case-bearers "C. linosyridella" and "C. viscidiflorella" are polyphagous species whose larve have been recorded on the Bush Baccharis as well as other plants. Caterpillars of the owlet moth "Schinia ocularis" feed exclusively on Broom Baccharis ("B. sarothroides").
Uses.
Several species of "Baccharis" are of interest for cultivation, as the dense but flexible stem structure makes for a good windbreak.
Plants of this genus are rich in terpenes, and some are used in native or folk medicine. One that has been specifically described from Chilean "Baccaris" is viscidone.
"Baccharis" flowers are rich in nectar, and several species are good honey plants. Particularly "B. dracunculifolia" is highly esteemed by beekeepers.
Conservation.
A few "Baccharis" species (especially from the northern Andes) are almost extinct due to habitat destruction. The northernmost occurrence of "B. halimifolia", in Nova Scotia, Canada, is also receiving conservation attention.
Invasiveness.
Some "Baccharis" species, particularly Eastern baccharis ("B. halimifolia"), have become invasive weeds in places such as Australia and Spain, where they are not native..
Selected species.
Formerly placed in "Baccharis".
The following species are among the many that were considered to belong within "Baccharis" but are now classified in other genera:

</doc>
<doc id="2915381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915381" title="Phyllis Frelich">
Phyllis Frelich

Phyllis Annetta Frelich (February 29, 1944 – April 10, 2014) was an American actress.
Early life.
Frelich was born in Devils Lake, North Dakota to deaf parents Esther (née Dockter) and Phillip Frelich, and was the eldest of nine siblings (all deaf). She attended North Dakota School for the Deaf, graduating in 1962, and then went on to study at Gallaudet College (now known as Gallaudet University), a school for the deaf and hard-of-hearing.
Career.
Frelich attended the North Dakota School for the Deaf and Gallaudet College. At the latter she completed a degree in library science, but also participated in theater. It was at Gallaudet that she was seen performing by David Hays, one of the founders of the National Theater of the Deaf, who asked her to join the theater company.
Frelich originated the leading female role in the Broadway production of "Children of a Lesser God", written by Mark Medoff. "Children" won the Tony for Best Play; Frelich won the 1980 Best Actress Tony Award and her co-star, John Rubinstein, won Best Actor Tony Award. Marlee Matlin played Frelich's role in the film version, for which she won the Academy Award for Best Actress. Frelich later starred in other plays written by Medoff, including "The Hands of Its Enemy" and "Prymate". She was nominated for an Emmy Award for her performance in the 1985 television movie "Love Is Never Silent". Frelich appeared in the recurring role of Sister Sarah on "Santa Barbara". Her last acting role was in an episode of "" in 2011.
Personal life.
Frelich was married to Robert Steinberg for many years, and they had two children (both of whom can hear and are fluent in American Sign Language). She performed the ASL interpretation of Jewel's rendition of the national anthem at Super Bowl XXXII. 
Death.
Frelich died on April 10, 2014 at her home in Temple City, California at the age of 70 on April 2014 from progressive supranuclear palsy, a rare degenerative neurological disease for which there are no treatments. 
News of her death broke on the Deaf West Theater Facebook page. The post honored Frelich for "paving so many roads for Deaf Community.A leading light of our community has been lost, and we mourn deeply. Our thoughts are with her family."

</doc>
<doc id="2915385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915385" title="Aramits">
Aramits

Aramits is a French commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the Aquitaine region of south-western France.
The inhabitants of the commune are known as "Aramitsiens" or "Aramitsiennes".
Geography.
Location.
Aramits is located in part of the Barétous valley, the westernmost of the three main valleys of Béarn crossing the Pyrenees. It is located some 15 km south-west of Oloron-Sainte-Marie and 3 km north of Arette.
Access.
Access is by the D919 road from Ance in the north-east to the village then continuing to Lanne-en-Baretous in the south-west. There are also the minor roads D659 from the village north to join the D159 on the northern border and the D133 which goes south from the village to Arette.
Bus route 848 of the "Inter-urban network of Pyrénées-Atlantiques", which connects "La Pierre Saint-Martin" (a ski resort in Arette) to Oloron-Sainte-Marie, has a stop in Aramits.
Hydrography.
Located in the catchment area of the Adour, the commune is bisected from south-west to north-east by : "Le Vert" a tributary of the Gave d'Oloron which gathers many tributaries of its own in the commune including the Aurone, the Lancy, the Littos, the Talou Gros, and also by the "arrècs" of Bugalaran, Bitole (as well its tributary the Rachet), Ibarcis, and Labaigt (and by its tributary the Audore).
The tributaries of the Joos: the Arriou de Sulu and the Bouhatéko erreka (with the Dragon) also flow through the commune.
Toponymy.
The name "Aramits" appears in the forms:
Its name in Béarnais is "Aràmits" (according to classical norm of Occitan).
For Brigitte Jobbé-Duval, the origin of the name is Basque from "aran" ("valley") and "-itz" (a locative and collective suffix) giving "place of valleys" or "confluence". It would also indicate that the inhabitants were once nicknamed "grenouilles" (frogs) (a name for the inhabitants of wetlands).
The "Arrigau" is a hydronym denoting a stream that rises in Arette and joins with "Le Vert" in Aramits. It was cited in 1538 ("lo Ariu aperat la Rigau", Reformation of Béarn) and in 1863 ("l'Arrigas", Topographical Dictionary of Béarn Basque Country) under different spellings.
Paul Raymond mentioned in 1863 a hamlet called "Basques".
"La Bourette" is the name of a tributary of "Le Vert" which flows through Aramits. It is mentioned in 1863 in the Topographical Dictionary of Béarn Basque Country.
The "Bois de Bugangue" was located, in 1863, on the territory of Asasp. It appears with the spelling of "lo Boscq de Buyangue" in 1477 in the Titles of the Aspe valley. Bugangue Creek, the name of a tributary of the "Mielle", ran through Asasp and Gurmençon in 1863.
"La Grange-d'Osse" was a farm belonging to the "Abbey of Pontaut" (Landes) and was a fief of the Viscount of Béarn, dependent on the bailiwick of Oloron. The place name is found in the forms:
The name "Calangué" refers to a stream called "Le Calangue" mentioned by the topographical dictionary-Béarn Basque Country (1863) which rises in the Bois de Budangue and flows into the Dandarou, a tributary of "Le Vert".
"Gouloume" appears with the spelling "Goulomme" in 1863 (Topographical Dictionary of Béarn Basque-Country) and designated at that time a forest.
"Lanne de Haut" is closer to another locality of Aramits which is now the commune of Lanne-en-Barétous. This name has been mentioned in the forms:
"Olivé" designats a farm in the commune already cited in the form "Oliber" in 1538 (Reformation of Béarn).
"Serreuille" is a hamlet in Aramits mentioned with the spellings:
"Soulou" is a farm that is found in the form "Soulon" in 1581 in the reformation of Béarn.
History.
Aramits is the former capital of the Barétous valley. Paul Raymond noted the existence of two Lay Abbeys, vassals of the Viscounty of Béarn: The "Abadie-Susan" and "Abadie-Jusan".
In 1385, there were 52 fires at Aramits and it depended on the bailiwick of Oloron. Shortly before (in 1375), the priest of Aramits played the role of mediator in conflicts between the Spaniards and the French which gave birth to the treaty called the "Junta de Roncal".
In 1790, the Canton of Aramits also included Esquiule.
On 13 March 2000 Aramits was hit by an earthquake of magnitude 4.2.
Administration.
List of Successive Mayors
Inter-communality.
Aramits is part of five inter-communal structures:
Demography.
In 2009 the commune had 677 inhabitants. The evolution of the number of inhabitants is known from the population censuses conducted in the commune since 1793. From the 21st century, a census of communes with fewer than 10,000 inhabitants is held every five years, unlike larger towns that have a sample survey every year.
Economy.
The economy of the town is primarily oriented toward agriculture and livestock (cattle and sheep). It is part of the Appellation d'origine contrôlée (AOC) zone designation of Ossau-iraty.
Culture and Heritage.
Religious heritage.
The parish church of Saint-Vincent is a former Lay Abbey which remains a portal to the 17th century. The old church was demolished in 1880. From 1884 to 1886 the construction of the new Romanesque-Byzantine style church took place. It has been enrolled in the General Inventory of Cultural Heritage since 2003.
Environmental heritage.
The Summit of "Souek" is 623 metres high, the "Soum d'Unars" is 604 metres, and the "Barrat de Sottou" is 556 metres.
Facilities.
Education.
The commune has a primary school.
Sports and sports facilities.
Rugby Union: the "Entente Aramits" plays in Fédérale 2. Pierre Capdevielle played there from 1985 to 1994.
Notable people linked to the commune.
The commune was home to Henri d'Aramitz, the son of Charles Aramitz and a sergeant in the company of musketeers, who was the inspiration for Aramis in the novels "The Three Musketeers", "Twenty Years After" and "The Vicomte de Bragelonne" by Alexandre Dumas.

</doc>
<doc id="2915386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915386" title="Patrick Doyle">
Patrick Doyle

Patrick Doyle (born 6 April 1953) is a Scottish film composer. A longtime collaborator of actor-director Kenneth Branagh, Doyle is known for his work composing for films such "Henry V" (1989), "Sense and Sensibility" (1995), "Hamlet" (1996), and "Gosford Park" (2001), as well as "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire" (2005), "Eragon" (2006), "Rise of the Planet of the Apes" and "Thor" (both 2011). Doyle has been nominated for two Academy Awards and two Golden Globe Awards, and is the recipient of the ASCAP Henry Mancini Award for "outstanding achievements and contributions to the world of film and television music".
Life and career.
Doyle was born on 6 April 1953 in Uddingston, South Lanarkshire, Scotland. He was educated at the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama.
Doyle joined the Renaissance Theatre Company in 1987 as composer and musical director composing for plays such as "Hamlet", "As You Like It", and "Look Back in Anger". The song "Non Nobis, Domine" from "Henry V" was subsequently awarded the 1989 Ivor Novello Award for Best Film Theme. He has since composed for nine Kenneth Branagh films including "Dead Again" (1991), "Much Ado About Nothing" (1993), "Mary Shelley's Frankenstein" (1994), "Hamlet" (1996), "Love's Labour's Lost" (2000), "As You Like It" (2006), "Sleuth" (2007), and "Thor" (2011).
In October 1997, shortly after composing for "Great Expectations", directed by Alfonso Cuarón, Doyle was diagnosed with leukemia. He managed to complete his work for the animated fantasy "Quest for Camelot" (1998) in hospital whilst undergoing treatment. Doyle made a full recovery.
In 1998 Patrick Doyle’s Music from the Movies concert, in aid of Leukaemia Research UK was staged at the Royal Albert Hall. It was directed by Kenneth Branagh and included appearances from Emma Thompson, Sir Derek Jacobi, Dame Judi Dench, Alan Rickman, Imelda Staunton, Richard E. Grant, Adrian Lester, and Robbie Coltrane.
In June 2013, at the twenty-eighth annual Film & Television Music Awards, Doyle was presented with the ASCAP Henry Mancini Award in recognition of his "outstanding achievements and contributions to the world of film and television music". ASCAP President and Chairman Paul Williams observed, "Patrick Doyle's extensive body of work is some of the most compelling and affective in the industry. His ability to flawlessly cross genres in film, TV and beyond is why he can successfully score everything from "Carlito's Way" to "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire"."

</doc>
<doc id="2915389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915389" title="Troy Kotsur">
Troy Kotsur

Troy Kotsur (born c. 1968) is a deaf American actor.
Personal life.
Kotsur was born and raised in the city of Mesa, Arizona. He has been deaf since his birth. He went to Gallaudet University to major in Theater from 1987-1989. Additionally, he attended Mesa College, Pierce College and American River College to study acting and was an intern at KTSP-TV in Phoenix, Arizona working as an editor, researcher and interviewer.
He married fellow deaf actress Deanne Bray. On 8 September 2005 she gave birth to daughter Kyra Monique Kotsur.
Career.
Theatre roles: Troy has been involved with many Deaf West shows, including the 2003 Broadway revival of "Big River" as Pap/The Duke. He has performed principal roles in "Orphans", "Medea", "Equus" and "Sleuth" with Bernard Bragg and "Romeo and Juliet", "Verona Circus" and "Mice and Men". He traveled coast to coast in the USA with the National Theater for the Deaf, as well as in Northern Ireland and South Africa.
Also, Troy was a guest artist performing at California Arts Institution in Valiance as Hamlet and the Ghost in "Shakespeare's Hamlet Project", translated from Shakespeare's "Twelfth Night" English to concepts in American Sign Language at Yale University in 1999. In productions at the Herberger Theater in Phoenix he was Johnny Merrick in "The Elephant Man" and the defense attorney in "The Night of January 16".
He recently received two awards from "Los Angeles Weekly" and the 8th annual Artistic Director Achievement Award, Valley Theater League of California for the leading actor in Tennessee Williams' "A Streetcar Named Desire". He was nominated for his leading role in "A Streetcar Named Desire" by the Los Angeles Drama Circle Critics award, as well. He has been nominated by Los Angeles Ovation for "Featured Actor in a Musical" in "Oliver!" performed at the Deaf West Theater. While at Gallaudet University, he was awarded Best Actor for his role as Sepp Schmitz in "The Firebugs" and as Kurt Paxton in "In a Room Somewhere".
Television roles: Troy was in Whoopi Goldberg's TV show "Strong Medicine" on cable channel Lifetime Television. He guest starred in 6 episodes of his wife's show '. He also was on the special deaf themed episode (13 December 2006) of '. Troy also guest starred on the television series "Doc" as a deaf baseball player. He also played the character of a deaf child's father in " Scrubs".
Other.
Troy has directed more than 10 theatrical productions, including LA Times' Best Bet Weekend "Aladdin and the Wonderful Lamp" at Deaf West Theatre.
Current activities.
Troy is a freelance instructor doing theatrical workshops at many different schools, from elementary to college. He teaches many deaf/HH students at Sedona Southwest Arts in Action, Inc. He continues to train and strives to improve his own acting, too, at theater schools, including Deaf West Theatre's Summer Drama School and Gary Austin's Improvisation Workshop.
Troy knows in his heart that he will always enjoy working in the world of theaters!

</doc>
<doc id="2915390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915390" title="Colin McMenamin">
Colin McMenamin

Colin McMenamin (born 12 February 1981) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Stenhousemuir.
Early life.
McMenamin was born in Glasgow and raised in Dumfries, and educated at St Joseph's College. 
At age 15 he signed school boy terms with the club he had watched as a supporter, local side Queen of the South. He played in the same youth team as Chris Doig before moving on after a year and a half.
Beginning his senior career in 1999 at Dumfries and Galloway club Annan Athletic, then of the East of Scotland Football League, he was then signed by English Premier League club Newcastle United after one season. He was there for two seasons but did not make a senior appearance.
Livingston.
He returned to Scotland on a free transfer to Livingston in August 2002. In three seasons with the SPL club he scored 10 goals in 50 league appearances. McMenamin also went on loan to Falkirk for half a season (August 2003 – December 2003) during this period; he scored 4 in 16 for the Division One club.
Shrewsbury.
McMenamin was recommended to Shrewsbury Town manager Gary Peters by his assistant Mick Wadsworth. He signed on a free transfer in August 2005. McMenamin was a first-choice regular with the Shropshire club, averaging one goal every four games. With 10 goals in 43 games he was the club's top scorer in the 2005–06 League Two season.
Gretna.
He joined Gretna in August 2006 on a free transfer, making his debut as a substitute for James Grady in the 6–0 win at home to Hamilton on 5 August 2006. He scored his first goals for Gretna in his second game for the club, scoring two goals in the 2–1 victory away to Clyde on 13 August 2006. He re-joined Livingston on loan in November 2007.
Dundee.
It was announced, at the Dundee F.C. AGM on 22 January 2008, that he had signed for Dundee
McMenamin was one of the players made redundant when, on 15 October 2010, Dundee went into administration for the second time in seven years. In an interview with "The Scotsman", McMenamin commented, ""I've been through this before and this one has been the worst.""
Queen of the South.
Manager Kenny Brannigan announced on 22 October 2010 on the "QoS" website, "We had about half a dozen new faces joining us for training this week including Colin McMenamin. Colin of course comes from Dumfries." McMenamin was then announced as a starter on the team sheet for the league fixture the day after at Palmerston Park against Falkirk. McMenamin was officially listed as a trialist with Falkirk winning 5–1.
His first QoS goal was the opener in his second game for the club, an 18-minute right foot shot from six yards in a league fixture away to Ross County on 30 October 2010. The game finished 1–1. McMenamin's third and final game as a trialist for QoS was in the 1–0 win away against top of the table opposition with Ryan Conroy scoring the winner. This was against Raith Rovers on 7 November 2010. 
Brannigan then announced via the club website on 9 November that McMenamin had agreed terms for a contract until the season's end. His first game as a contracted player was the 3–0 win at home on 13 November 2010 against Cowdenbeath.
His next goal was his first QoS Scottish Cup goal. This was the defeat by Brechin City on 11 January 2011. He scored the Saturday after in the 3–0 win at Falkirk to make it two in two games.
On 19 February 2011 McMenamin played in an uncharacteristic role in midfield in the 4–0 win away at Morton. He returned to a striker's role for the midweek 2–2 draw at home to Stirling Albion, a game in which he scored.
He returned to the midfield the following weekend at home against Dunfermline and again scored to notch his fourth goal in a run of seven games. He scored from midfield again the followed Tuesday away at Cowdenbeath. His next goal was at the ground of his former club, Dundee, on 12 March 2011. His strike 4 days later at home to Morton followed by a double against Stirling Albion on 26 March 2011 made it 9 goals in 15 games.
McMenamin missed out on the 2010 Scottish Challenge Cup Final appearance for Queens having already played earlier in the competition for Dundee. The opposition in the final were Ross County. After the season's end Queens announced on 19 May 2011 that McMenamin had signed a deal to join Ross County.
Ross County.
McMenamin's first goal for his new club came in his second game, a 2–1 League Cup win against Queens Park. His first league goal was on 15 October 2011 in the 2–1 win at Dundee. He scored a double in the 3–0 win at Livingston on 26 November and followed that up the week after with a double at Raith Rovers on 3 December.
He ended the season as the divisional top scorer with 19 goals from the 34 league games in which he played.
Greenock Morton.
McMenamin signed for Scottish First Division league leaders Greenock Morton on 24 January 2013 in a deal lasting until the end of the season. He was released after the final game of the season. After being released by Morton, McMenamin signed for Celtic Nation.
Honours.
Gretna
Dundee
Queen of the South
Ross County
Morton

</doc>
<doc id="2915391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915391" title="Peace and Noise">
Peace and Noise

Peace and Noise is an album by Patti Smith, released September 30, 1997 on Arista Records. "Uncut" magazine ranked the album 21st best of the year. Song "1959" was nominated for Grammy Award for Best Female Rock Vocal Performance in 1998.
Personnel.
Band
Additional personnel

</doc>
<doc id="2915393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915393" title="Harajuku Lovers Tour">
Harajuku Lovers Tour

The Harajuku Lovers Tour was the first solo concert tour of American recording artist Gwen Stefani. The tour began through October to November 2005, to support of her debut studio album "Love. Angel. Music. Baby." (2004). Although Stefani embarked on multiple tours with her band No Doubt, she initially opt not to participate in a tour to promote her album, an attitude that the singer eventually abandoned due to the commercial success of "Love. Angel. Music. Baby."
The Harajuku Lovers Tour consisted of only one leg, which encompassed a three-month long series of performances that visited cities throughout the United States and Canada. Stefani recruited hip hop group The Black Eyed Peas, rapper M.I.A., and singer Ciara to accompany her as opening acts for her endeavors. The tour produced varying responses from contemporary critics, who despite praising Stefani's vocals, were critical of other aspects of the show such as its musical material. According to "Billboard", the tour grossed $22 million from 37 concerts, from which 20 sold-out. A video album, titled "Harajuku Lovers Live", was released in DVD format in conjunction with her 2006 album "The Sweet Escape" and features the singer performing at the Honda Center in Anaheim, California, Stefani's birthplace.
Background.
Stefani announced a tour to support her first solo studio album "Love. Angel. Music. Baby." (2004) on June 27, 2005, giving details of sixteen dates from October 16 to November 10. The announcement on June 27 also included the fact that hip hop group The Black Eyed Peas, who are also signed to Interscope Records, would be the opening act for all the announced dates except November 3. The group, who were backing their album "Monkey Business", ended up touring with Stefani until November 14. On August 8, it was announced that singer-songwriter and rapper M.I.A. would take over as the opening act from November 16 to November 25, although it wasn't until August 17 that the extra dates from November 11 to November 25 were officially added to the tour. M.I.A. toured with Stefani, backing her album "Arular", until December 1. On September 29, the final set of dates, November 26 to December 21, were added to the tour and it was announced that the third and final opening act for Stefani's tour would be singer Ciara, backing her album "Goodies", from December 3 to December 21.
Stefani initially did not intend to tour to support the album, responding "What tour?" to a question from MTV News in December 2004 regarding a possible tour. She later mentioned several times that she had not originally intended to tour in support of the album, referring to her "illegal tour" and apologizing for her breaking her promise not to tour on stage at the Xcel Energy Center in Saint Paul, Minnesota on November 14 and admitting "I just wanted to make a record. I didn't want to tour, I was too tired, then you guys kept buying the record, and I had to come out and see you guys" on stage at Winnipeg on November 16. In a September interview with MTV News, Stefani said of the tour: "I'm looking forward to it, it's going to be unbelievable. [...] I would love to try to roll a little bit of 'Orange County Girl' in there. We'll see. Anything can happen in rehearsals. I don't even know how long the show can be right now."
Concert synopsis.
Stefani opened the show with the song "Harajuku Girls", an ode to Harajuku, the fashion district of Tokyo, Japan. She appeared on stage wearing a tiara and baby doll outfit, sitting in the red velvet and gold throne from the cover of "Love. Angel. Music. Baby." and surrounded by her backing dancers, also called the Harajuku Girls, while video images of Harajuku itself played on screens behind her. Her second song was the first single from the album, "What You Waiting For?", which she began as a ballad before bringing it up to its usual pace. Stefani and the Harajuku Girls then left the stage to change into one-piece bathing suits while her band continued to play, before returning to perform "The Real Thing". A group of four breakdancers came on stage to perform while Stefani left the stage again to change into a black-and-white leather tracksuit. For the next song, the album's sixth single "Crash", the audience were then dived into male and female halves and, as images of a car hood bouncing to the beat were broadcast, each half took turns to sing the lyric "back it up, back it up". Stefani then performed the fourth single from the album, "Luxurious".
Stefani changed outfits again into a pair of black hot pants to perform "Rich Girl", the album's second single, while walking along a catwalk into the crowd and giving fans high-fives. She then sang "Danger Zone" and "Long Way To Go", both intimate songs, before performing two new songs back-to-back: "Wind It Up", which would become the first single from her second album "The Sweet Escape", and "Orange County Girl". "Wind It Up" was performed with a carnival vibe and "Orange County Girl" was accompanied by a video montage of childhood photos of Stefani and images of items mentioned in the song. She changed into a silver sequinned cocktail dress for the fourth single from her first album, "Cool".
In early performances of the show, Stefani's next song was "Hollaback Girl", the album's third and best-selling single, performed in a drumming costume and singing with the audience. This was followed by an encore of "Serious" and "Bubble Pop Electric", for which Stefani was brought out in a stretcher by the Harajuku Girls. However, in later performances, "Hollaback Girl" was saved for the encore and preceded by the two other songs.
Critical response.
Critics were divided with the Harajuku Lovers Tour. Patrick MacDonald of the "Seattle Times", while applauding Stefani's song-writing efforts and the show's "frothy fun" antics, reprimanded the singer's dancing and limited material, given that she performed only twelve songs from "Love. Angel. Music. Baby." and two from "The Sweet Escape" but none from previous work with her band No Doubt. In regards to the musical selection, MacDonald deduced half the songs as "eminently forgettable", a view echoed by "Winnipeg Sun" columnist Rob Williams, who described some of the album tracks as "filler". Despite these objections, Williams issued her MTS Center performance a three-and-a-half out of five stars. "But sometimes the music didn't matter when there was as much eye candy as Stefani provided," opined the "Winnipeg Sun" writer. "She is an extremely striking figure and the choreography, light show, backup dancers and frequent costume changes all added to the spectacle, which ended up being more style than substance."
Mike Ross of the "Edmonton Sun" was impressed with Stefani's ability to engage the audience, a quality that earned her the description of the "effervescent hostess" from the journalist. In his four star review for the concert, he commended the "swell" music and "amazing" choreography; "It also had merit as a choreographic tour-de-force—thanks in large part to a quartet each of talented dancing geisha girls and B-boys," remarked Ross. Stefani's different outfits and set pieces also won praise. "So you could have enjoyed last night's concert as a fashion show. Or a music video, sure," Ross concluded. Although she called Stefani the "new princess of pop" and adulated the singer's charismatic presence during the show, Jane Stevenson of the "Toronto Sun" felt that the concert was "definitely of the lightweight variety in the music department" and noted that, although Stefani models herself after Madonna, she is "no real threat". She gave the concert three-and-a-half stars out of five.
MTV's Corey Moss compared Stefani's performance to Madonna with regard to "the eight costume changes to the dancers to the theatrics to, hell, even the music itself" and avouched that she sounded completely different from how she did with No Doubt. Moss asserted that the No Doubt lead vocalist was the "most captivating thing onstage" with her "confident strut and dead-on vocals". Jon Pareles of "The New York Times" admired the "glamour and groove" antics of the show and how Stefani "flauntthe perks of stardom". He praised her music, describing the album as "a smart [record, with honed rhythm tracks that flit from funk to pop, electronics to rock", although calling most tracks "superficial", being about "style", "success", "shopping" and "sex".
Jim Harrison of SoundSpike affirmed that the Harajuku Lovers Tour lacked a strong musical setlist, and also felt that Stefani's stage presence was absent. He stated that she "doesn't have many songs that translate well in a live setting" from her album "Love. Angel. Music. Baby." and suggested that she should have included songs by No Doubt for "much-needed shots of adrenaline" for the audience, who were, according to Harrison, "figuratively sitting on their hands and literally yawning four songs into the set". Harrison felt that Stefani seemed truly "lost on stage without a band", ultimately describing her performance as "in energy", "lukewarm" and seemingly "on autopilot". Furthermore, the SoundSpike writer thought that her performance was akin to that of fellow American recording artist Britney Spears, which was "utterly unsuitable for both the song selection and her style". However, he did praise the rendition of "Hollaback Girl", calling it "great" and "Gwen being all Gwen can be", and called the breakdancing "pretty cool".
Broadcast and recordings.
Stefani's performance in late November 2005 in her home town of Anaheim, California was recorded and released on DVD as a video album "Harajuku Lovers Live". It was released on December 5, 2006, the same release date as Stefani's second album, "The Sweet Escape". The DVD was directed by Sophie Muller. The concert features performances of all twelve songs from "Love. Angel. Music. Baby." and two new songs from her second studio album, "The Sweet Escape", as well as interviews with the musicians and dancers and a documentary of tour preparation. The DVD received similar mixed reviews to the concerts themselves. Reviewers praised Stefani's musical performances and stage presence, but criticizing the lack of material and the long costume changes. The DVD was certified gold in Australia by the Australian Recording Industry Association and platinum in Canada by the Canadian Recording Industry Association.

</doc>
<doc id="2915400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915400" title="Massimo Moriconi (musician)">
Massimo Moriconi (musician)

Massimo Moriconi (born 1955 in Rome) is an award-winning Italian bassist.

</doc>
<doc id="2915401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915401" title="Electoral district of Aspley">
Electoral district of Aspley

Aspley is an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of Queensland.
The district is located in the north-eastern residential suburbs of Brisbane, encompassing Aspley, Bridgeman Downs, and Carseldine, as well as parts of McDowall, West Chermside, Lawnton, and Zillmere. It is now wholly within the local government area of Brisbane City Council, following the redistribution prior to the 2009 election.
The electorate was created at the 1959 redistribution from the former electorate of Chermside. Aspley was a safe Liberal seat until the collapse of the National-Liberal coalition in Queensland in 1983, when first-term Liberal member Beryce Nelson lost the seat to the Nationals' Brian Cahill a former local newsreader. Nelson then joined the Nationals and was subsequently preselected to contest Aspley at the 1986 election. She won and held the seat for that term and then was defeated by the Liberals' John Goss in 1989. Goss was defeated by Labor's Bonny Barry in Labor's landslide victory at the 2001 state election. Barry was herself defeated after three terms by Tracy Davis of the Liberal National Party at the 2009 state election.

</doc>
<doc id="2915403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915403" title="National Theatre of the Deaf">
National Theatre of the Deaf

The National Theatre of the Deaf (NTD) is the oldest theatre company in the United States that has continually gone on tours and produced original works. The company has visited each of the 50 states in close to 80 national tours, as well as many countries in over 30 international tours. It was founded in 1967 after psychologist Dr. Edna Simon Levine, set designer David Hays, and Broadway's director Arthur Penn and actress Anne Bancroft of "The Miracle Worker" began planning and fundraising in the 1950s. Start-up costs were funded by federal grants, and the company held its first performance at Wesleyan University in Connecticut. In 1968, the Little Theatre of the Deaf was founded to produce shows for a younger-aged audience. The Little Theatre of the Deaf is also still producing and touring today. Productions combine the use of American Sign Language with the spoken word, in accordance with the theatre's mission statement to educate the general public about Deaf art and link Deaf and hearing communities. In 1994, the National and Worldwide Deaf Theatre Conference had its first meeting, in which global Deaf playwrights and actors gathered to hold discussions, critiques, and celebrations of Deaf theatre. The precedence and support of the National Theatre of the Deaf is considered instrumental in the founding and collaboration of a Deaf theatre community worldwide. The National Theatre of the Deaf has won several awards, including the Tony Award for Theatrical Excellence. Ex-NTD actress Phyllis Frelich won the 1980 Best Actress Tony Award for "Children of a Lesser God" produced by The Mark Taper Forum in Los Angeles. Linda Bove, a regular on the television series "Sesame Street", also acted with NTD. Other famous actors who have worked with NTD include NTD co-founder Bernard Bragg, Colleen Dewhurst, Sir Michael Redgrave, Chita Rivera, Jason Robards and Meryl Streep. Today, the Theatre is located on the campus of the American School of the Deaf in West Hartford, Connecticut. The theatre still goes on tour, produces and adapts stage works, and is expanding into a few teleplay features on public television to continue to create new opportunities and audiences for Deaf theater. 

</doc>
<doc id="2915404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915404" title="Erica Wagner">
Erica Wagner

Erica Wagner is an American author and critic, living in London. She is former literary editor of "The Times".
Biography.
Erica Wagner was born in New York City in 1967. She grew up on the Upper West Side and went to the Brearley School. As a child she suffered from epilepsy.
She moved to Britain in the 1980s to continue her education, first at St Paul's Girls' School, then at Corpus Christi College, Cambridge (BA), and finally at the University of East Anglia (MA), where she was taught by Malcolm Bradbury and Rose Tremain.
She is the author of several books, including a collection of short stories, "Gravity", and "Ariel’s Gift: Ted Hughes, Sylvia Plath, and the Story of Birthday Letters". Her latest work is the novel "Seizure". 
She was literary editor of "The Times" between 1996 and June 2013. She lives in London with her husband, the writer Francis Gilbert, author of "I’m a Teacher, Get Me Out of Here!", "Teacher on the Run" and "Yob Nation". They have a son, Theodore. She also reviews regularly for "The New York Times". In December 2013, it was announced that Erica Wagner would be one of the judges for the 2014 Man Booker Prize, she previously judged the prize in 2002. 

</doc>
<doc id="2915408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915408" title="Dice 10000">
Dice 10000

Dice 10,000 (or Dix Mille, 6-Dice, 10,000 Dice, Ten Grand) is the name of a family dice game, very similar to Farkle. It also goes by other names, including Zilch, Zilchers, Foo, Boxcar, Bogus and Crap Out.
Play.
The game requires six standard dice and a pencil and paper for scoring. Each player starts out "off the table" with a score of zero. Players collect points during their turn, and either add those points to their cumulative score, or continue rolling with the risk of losing all points accumulated that turn if a scoring combination is not rolled.
To begin a turn, if the player is "off the table," he rolls all six dice. If the roll scores any points, he may set aside each scoring die or group of dice he wants to claim points from, and either roll all remaining dice, hoping to score additional points, or take the points already accumulated this turn and pass play to the next player. Most versions of the game require a minimum score of 300 points in each turn to bank the score and pass, otherwise the player must continue rolling. If the player rolls multiple scoring combinations, only one is required to be taken with each roll, all other dice may be rerolled if desired. If all six dice score points in one or more rolls of a single turn, the player rolls all six dice again and continues to score additional combinations, known as a sweep. If at any time a roll scores no points, the player forfeits all points scored that turn (commonly called "zilch" or "crapping out"), and play is passed to the next player. If a player gets zilch three turns in a row he may suffer a 500 point penalty or lose all his points previously accumulated, depending on the several rules used.
In order to get "on the table," a player must score at least 1000 points in a single turn (but not necessarily in one roll). Once a player is "on the table," he is on for the duration of the game. For a player who is "on the table," he may start a turn by either rolling all six dice as described above, or picking up the unused dice from the last player's turn. In this case, instead of starting this turn's scoring from zero, scoring starts from the score taken by the last player.
"Example: Player 1 stops her turn with 700 points, and opts to not roll her remaining two dice. She adds 700 to her score, and it is now Player 2's turn. Player 2 may pick up those two dice, and if he scores anything with them, he adds those points to 700, as his score, and may bank or continue rolling as normal. Player 2 may instead opt to start over with all six dice, and start his own scoring from zero."
Scoring.
These are the base methods of scoring:
Dice are scored at the time they are rolled, so three or more of a kind must be rolled simultaneously, and dice from later rolls do not "stack" for the higher score.
"Example: Player 1 rolls all six dice, and chooses to score three "fours" for 400 points. She rolls the remaining three dice for a 2, 4, 5; the additional 4 does not multiply the previous three of a kind, and she can only score 50 points for the lone 5. If she rolls two more 5's with the remaining dice, they will only score 50 points each, and do not form a three of a kind with the other 5."
Winning.
The first player to score over 10,000 points temporarily becomes the winner, and each other player gets one more turn to top that player's score. Whoever ends with the highest score over 10,000 wins the game.
In one variation, players must score "exactly" 10,000 without going over. In the event that a player goes over, the score for that turn is lost. In this variation, if the 10,000 is hit, that player wins immediately without giving the other players a chance to roll. However if the winner leaves at least one die then the next player may 'roll off the score'.

</doc>
<doc id="2915410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915410" title="Ed Waterstreet">
Ed Waterstreet

Ed Waterstreet (born May 5, 1943 in Algoma, Wisconsin) is the founder and artistic director of Deaf West Theatre, which was established in 1991, and was the first resident theatre company in America operating under the direction of a deaf artistic director.
Waterstreet has acted in such films as "Love Is Never Silent" (1985) and "Sweet Nothing in My Ear" (2008).
Personal life.
He is married to Linda Bove, better known as "Linda the Librarian" from "Sesame Street".

</doc>
<doc id="2915421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915421" title="John Adams Whipple">
John Adams Whipple

John Adams Whipple (September 10, 1822 – April 10, 1891) was an American inventor and early photographer. He was the first in the United States to manufacture the chemicals used for daguerreotypes; he pioneered astronomical and night photography; he was a prize-winner for his extraordinary early photographs of the moon; and he was the first to produce images of stars other than the sun (the star Vega and the Mizar-Alcor stellar sextuple system,
Biography.
Whipple was born in Grafton, Massachusetts, to Jonathan and Melinda (Grout) Whipple. While a boy he was an ardent student of chemistry, and on the introduction of the daguerreotype process into the United States (1839–1840) he was the first to manufacture the necessary chemicals. 
His health having become impaired through this work, he devoted his attention to photography. He made his first daguerreotype in the winter of 1840, "using a sun-glass for a lens, a candle box for a camera, and the handle of a silver spoon as a substitute for a plate." Over time he became a prominent daguerreotype portraitist in Boston. In addition to making portraits for the Whipple and Black studio, Whipple photographed important buildings in and around Boston, including the house occupied by General George Washington in 1775 and 1776 (photographed circa 1855, now in the Smithsonian).
Whipple married Elizabeth Mann (1819-1891) on May 12, 1847 in Boston. 
Between 1847 and 1852 Whipple and astronomer William Cranch Bond, director of the Harvard College Observatory, used Harvard's Great Refractor telescope to produce images of the moon that are remarkable in their clarity of detail and aesthetic power. This was the largest telescope in the world at that time, and their images of the moon took the prize for technical excellence in photography at the great 1851 Crystal Palace Exhibition in London.
On the night of July 16–17, 1850, Whipple and Bond made the first daguerreotype of a star (Vega). In 1863, Whipple used electric lights to take night photographs of Boston Common. 
Whipple was as prolific as an inventor as a photographer. He invented crayon daguerreotypes and crystallotypes (daguerreotypes on glass). With his partner or assistant, William Breed Jones, he developed the process for making paper prints from glass albumen negatives (crystallotypes). His American patents include Patent Number 6,056, the "Crayon Daguerreotype"; Patent Number 7,458, the "Crystallotype" (Credit shared with William B. Jones).
Whipple died suddenly, of pneumonia, on April 10, 1891 in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and was buried at Westborough, Worcester Co., Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="2915423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915423" title="Metropolitan Drinking Fountain and Cattle Trough Association">
Metropolitan Drinking Fountain and Cattle Trough Association

The Metropolitan Drinking Fountain and Cattle Trough Association was an association set up in London by Samuel Gurney, a Member of Parliament, and philanthropist and Edward Thomas Wakefield, a barrister, in 1859 to provide free drinking water. Originally called the Metropolitan Free Drinking Fountain Association it changed its name to include cattle troughs in 1867, to also support animal welfare. In 2011, as the Drinking Fountain Association, it began to support the Find-a-Fountain campaign to map the UK's drinking water fountains.
Background.
Water provision in the nineteenth century was from nine private water companies each with a geographic monopoly, which provided inadequate quantities of water which was often contaminated, as was famously discovered by John Snow during the 1854 cholera epidemic. Population growth in London had been very rapid (more than doubling between 1800 and 1850) without an increase in infrastructure investment. Legislation in the mid nineteenth century gradually improved the situation; the Metropolitan Commission of Sewers was formed, water filtration was made compulsory, and water intakes on the Thames were forced to be moved above the sewage outlets.
In this environment the public drinking fountain movement began, initially in Liverpool where the local government was granted the ability to buy out the private water companies in 1847. It built the first public baths and then encouraged philanthropic public drinking water fountains. This was taken up by Samuel Gurney.
Early history.
The Society was inaugurated in 1859 with the requirement "That no fountain be erected or promoted by the Association which shall not be so constructed as to ensure by filters, or other suitable means, the perfect purity and coldness of the water." The first fountain was built on Holborn Hill on the railings of the church of St Sepulchre-without-Newgate on Snow Hill, paid for by Samuel Gurney, and opened on 21 April 1859. It was moved in 1867 when the Holborn Viaduct was built but reinstated in 1913 where it remains.
The fountain became immediately popular, used by 7000 people a day. In the next six years 85 fountains were built, but much of the funding came directly from the association; much of that money was provided directly by Samuel Gurney, as donations were not sufficient.
Gradually the association became more widely accepted, benefitting from its association with Evangelical Christianity and the Temperance movement. Many were known as temperance fountains. Beer was the main alternative to water, and generally safer. The temperance societies had no real alternative as tea and coffee were too expensive, so drinking fountains were very attractive. Many were sited opposite public houses. The evangelical movement was encouraged to build fountains in churchyards to encourage the poor to see churches as supporting them. Many fountains have inscriptions such as "Jesus said whosoever drinketh of this water shall thirst again but whosoever drinketh of the water I shall give him shall never thirst". By 1877, the association was widely accepted and Queen Victoria donated money for a fountain in Esher.
Charles Dickens, Jr.'s "Dickens's Dictionary of London" said in 1879, under "Drinking Fountains":
Until the last few years London was ill-provided with public drinking fountains and cattle troughs. This matter is now well looked after by the Metropolitan Drinking Fountain and Cattle Trough Association, which has erected and is now maintaining nearly 800 fountains and troughs, at which an enormous quantity of water is consumed daily. It is estimated that 300,000 people take advantage of the fountains on a summer’s day, and a single trough has supplied the wants of 1,800 horses in one period of 24 hours. Several ornamental fountains have been provided by private munificence. Amongst these may be instanced the Baroness Burdett Coutts’s beautiful fountains in Victoria-park and Regent’s-park the Maharajah of Vizianagram’s in Hyde-park; Mrs. Brown’s, by Thornycroft, in Hamilton-place, Mr. Wheeler’s at the north of Kew-bridge; and Mr. Buxton’s at Westminster.
In collaboration with the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, troughs were built for horses, cattle and dogs. Live cattle were still brought to market (at Smithfield and the Metropolitan Cattle Market); horses were vital for transport. Previously troughs were provided for patrons of public houses or for a charge (one example was inscribed "All that water their horses here Must pay a penny or have some beer"), and free ones made a huge difference; Hansom cabs travelled with maps showing the new free troughs, and they have been described as Victorian filling stations.
The surviving cattle troughs are mainly large granite ones, in many cases planted with flowers. Earlier designs were of cast iron or zinc lined timber, but both were too easily damaged.
Twentieth century.
Gradually the association became less radical; having originally been one of the manifestations of Victorian private philanthropy recognising the limitations of the free market it became less important as local government began to provide more public services, and evangelical Nonconformism declined in importance. Wealthy patrons began to commission more elaborate fountains, designed by well known architects, as well as the simple granite standard patterns. The most elaborate were those built in 1862 by Angela Burdett-Coutts in Victoria Park which cost over £6000, and the Buxton Memorial Fountain commemorating the emancipation of slaves.
By 1936, the association stopped building troughs, as the automobile was gradually replacing the horse. More drinking fountains were provided in schools and parks, and the old cups were replaced by jets of water as these were seen as more hygienic. The 1929 small standard design of fountain for parks and schools is still common.
The association survives as the Drinking Fountain Association and received a National Lottery grant to build more fountains in 2000, and to restore existing ones. It now builds drinking fountains in schools, restores existing fountains and provides wells and other water projects in developing countries. Much of the archival material is at the Museum of London.

</doc>
<doc id="2915428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915428" title="List of Wenninger polyhedron models">
List of Wenninger polyhedron models

This table contains an indexed list of the Uniform and stellated polyhedra from the book "Polyhedron Models", by Magnus Wenninger.
The book was written as a guide book to building polyhedra as physical models. It includes templates of face elements for construction and helpful hints in building, and also brief descriptions on the theory behind these shapes.
It contains the 75 nonprismatic uniform polyhedra, as well as 44 stellated forms of the convex regular and quasiregular polyhedra.
This list was written to honor this early polyhedral work from Wenninger, and to provide a detailed reference to the 119 numbered models in his book.
Models listed here can be cited as "Wenninger Model Number "N"", or "W""N" for brevity.
The polyhedra are grouped below in 5 tables: Regular (1–5), Semiregular (6–18), regular star polyhedra (20–22,41), Stellations and compounds (19–66), and uniform star polyhedra (67–119). "The four regular star polyhedra are listed twice because they belong to both the uniform polyhedra and stellation groupings."

</doc>
<doc id="2915433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915433" title="Electoral district of Barron River">
Electoral district of Barron River

Barron River is an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of Queensland.
Created at the 1971 redistribution, it currently covers the northern suburbs of Cairns, as well as Kuranda. The Barron River from which the electorate derives its name runs through its centre. It is bordered by the districts of Cook to the north and west, Cairns to the southeast and Mulgrave to the south.
The electorate is currently held by Michael Trout of the Liberal National Party.

</doc>
<doc id="2915437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915437" title="Battlestar Pegasus">
Battlestar Pegasus

Battlestar "Pegasus" is a fictional spacecraft that appears in both the original and the reimagined television series "Battlestar Galactica".
"Battlestar Galactica" (1978 series).
Battlestar "Pegasus" appears in the original series two-part episode, "The Living Legend".
"Pegasus" spent her earlier life patrolling the edges of Colonial space under Commander Cain, a renowned (and later legendary) Colonial warrior. Later, "Pegasus" took part in the battle of Jol'Trata in which she was badly damaged. After the battle she was found by Battlestar "Athenia" and towed back to Caprica for repair and re-fitting. Two yahren before the destruction of the Twelve Colonies "Pegasus" was involved in the battle of "Molokai" with the Cylon forces. The battle was a complete disaster for the Colonial forces and the entire Fifth Fleet, save "Pegasus", was destroyed. "Pegasus" managed to slip away from the battle. Realising that the route back home would be crawling with Cylons Commander Cain and the "Pegasus" made her way into deep space.
Some time after the destruction of the Twelve Colonies, a recon patrol of the "Galactica"'s was discovered while on patrol by "Pegasus" (The patrol consisted of two Vipers flown by Apollo and Starbuck). The two battlestars met and took part in a fierce battle against the Cylons. Towards the end of the battle, the badly damaged "Pegasus" positions itself between two Cylon Basestars, launched nuclear missiles from its port and starboard missile bays, and at point blank range destroys both basestars. After the "dust" had settled from the attack, there was no trace of "Pegasus". The future fate of the battlestar is unknown.
Commander Cain's daughter, Lieutenant Sheba, leader of one of "Pegasus"'s Viper squadrons, remains with "Galactica" after the disappearance of the "Pegasus"'. The rest of the surviving "Pegasus" crew also joins the forces of the "Galactica"'. Yet for a while they continue to wear their original "Pegasus" insignia.
Movie project.
Glen A. Larson, producer of "Battlestar Galactica", attempted a revival in the late 1990s with a feature film project using Commander Cain and Battlestar "Pegasus".
"Battlestar Galactica" (2004).
Battlestar "Pegasus" first appears in the re-imagined series episode "Pegasus" and remains part of the series from then until the episode "Exodus, Part 2", playing a major role in the episodes "Resurrection Ship" and "The Captain's Hand".
Battlestar "Pegasus" is a Mercury Class Battlestar, assigned to Battlestar Group 62 of the Colonial Fleet, and commanded by Admiral Helena Cain at the time of the Cylon attack on the Twelve Colonies. Thought to have been destroyed during the attack, "Pegasus" escaped, and encounters Battlestar "Galactica" and the last survivors of the Twelve Colonies around six months after their escape from Ragnar Anchorage.
Before the fall of the Twelve Colonies, "Pegasus" had just docked at Scorpion Fleet Shipyards where it was due for a three-month overhaul. Many of the ship's systems were offline, including the Command Navigation Program the Cylons used to disable Colonial defences during their attack. The Cylons' opening wave hit the shipyard with several nuclear warheads, destroying five ships, including two Battlestars. "Pegasus" lost over 700 crew members, but survived the attack by performing a blind FTL jump. This blind jump resulted in the ship escaping immediate destruction, but risked the battlestar's possible reappearance inside a star or planetary atmosphere.
As a result of the Cylons' devastating attack on the Twelve Colonies, Admiral Cain became increasingly iron-fisted. "Pegasus"'s Executive Officer, Colonel Jack Fisk, recalls to his "Galactica" counterpart, Colonel Tigh, of an incident in which Admiral Cain shot the original XO in the head in front of the crew for refusing to implement her order to attack a heavily-defended Cylon relay station. Fisk then burst into laughter, as if this claim were a joke. However, Tigh later tells Adama he is sure Fisk was telling the truth, and in "" it is shown that Cain did indeed kill Belzen, replacing him with Fisk.
It is later revealed that "Pegasus" had encountered a small civilian refugee fleet, which Cain subsequently cannibalized for spare parts and supplies. She also press ganged civilians into her crew at gunpoint, which led to several families being murdered under Cain's orders. Eventually, she abandoned the fifteen ship fleet to fend for itself, without any FTL drives or critical supplies.
After "Pegasus" escaped from the shipyards, and before meeting "Galactica", "Pegasus" had been performing repeated hit and run attacks upon Cylon forces. "Pegasus" had trailed a large Cylon fleet which jumped between systems with natural resources. In one of these jumps, "Pegasus" discovers the escaping fleet of Colonial ships protected by "Galactica".
The initial rejoicing in the rag tag fleet following "Pegasus"'s meeting with "Galactica" does not last long. As the senior surviving Colonial officer, Admiral Cain assumes command of the fleet, replacing "Galactica"'s Commander William Adama. While at first assuring Adama that she would not interfere with "Galactica"'s operations, Cain soon orders crew reassignments, withholds the delivery of supplies to the civilian fleet and sends her so-called "Cylon interrogator", Lieutenant Thorne, to question "Galactica"'s Cylon prisoner. Lt. Thorne's interrogation and attempted rape of the Cylon model known as Sharon results in his accidental death after he is interrupted and attacked by two of the "Galactica"'s crew, Chief Petty Officer Galen Tyrol and Lieutenant Karl "Helo" Agathon, both of whom had had relationships with Cylon copies of Sharon.
Tyrol and Agathon are arrested by "Pegasus" Marines and charged with killing Lt. Thorne. Cain sentences both to death after a summary trial. Receiving the news of his men's death sentences, Commander Adama orders a strike team of Colonial Marines to be sent to "Pegasus" to retrieve his crewmen. An armed stand off between "Pegasus" and the ship's complement of Mark VII Vipers against "Galactica"'s own Mark II and Mark VII Vipers ends when Lieutenant Starbuck reappears from her (unauthorized) recon mission aboard the stealth Blackbird with photos of a mysterious Cylon ship being guarded by two Basestars. Interrogation of "Pegasus"' Cylon prisoner (a Number Six model named Gina) reveals that the mysterious ship is a "Resurrection Ship", a vessel that gives new bodies to dead Cylons, effectively making the Cylons fearless of death. Although Adama and Cain declare an uneasy truce in order to coordinate an attack on the Cylons, they make plans to assassinate each other, which are called off after the Resurrection Ship is destroyed. Gina escapes with the help of Baltar and kills Admiral Cain.
Colonel Jack Fisk is promoted and named Commander of "Pegasus" after Cain's death; he is murdered by members of a black market organization shortly thereafter. Chief Engineer Barry Garner replaces Commander Fisk as commander of "Pegasus". Around this time, the two battlestars in the fleet become known as the Bucket (Galactica) and the Beast (Pegasus). Commander Garner, who is stated as an excellent engineer, but unused to command, allows "Pegasus" to be drawn into an ambush by three Cylon Basestars. "Pegasus" suffers damage to her FTL drive cooling system, thus preventing her from escaping with an FTL jump. Commander Garner, leaving the able Lee Adama to command "Pegasus" in the heat of the battle, sacrifices his life to repair the damage, allowing "Pegasus" to jump to safety.
Adama, promoted to Admiral after Cain's death, promotes his son, Major Lee Adama, to commander and gives him command of Battlestar "Pegasus". As the first mission with its new commander, "Pegasus" is sent to search for a missing Raptor science team and comes under attack from a force of First Cylon War era fighters. "Pegasus," unable to jump due to problems with its FTL drive, quickly fixes the problems and leaves, but not before Kara Thrace shoots down an enemy fighter in the landing pod. Learning of the Guardians from Sharon "Athena" Agathon and the First Hybrid, "Pegasus", accompanied by Admiral Adama (who was there when the First Hybrid was created) goes after the Guardian Basestar to destroy it and rescue the missing science crew. The mission is a success, with the Guardian Basestar and First Hybrid destroyed, but "Pegasus"' XO, Major Kendra Shaw, is killed destroying it. Soon after, the fleet discovers a habitable world and begins to colonize it naming it "New Caprica". "Pegasus" and "Galactica", with skeleton crews, form an orbital defense network over the new colony. However, when the colony is discovered a year later by a Cylon fleet they are forced to abandon the colony and jump away.
Destruction.
"Pegasus" is destroyed in action during the third-season episode "Exodus, Part 2". Disobeying orders from Admiral Adama to protect the civilians that first escape the Cylon occupation in the second season episode "Lay Down Your Burdens, Part 2", Apollo leaves all of his Viper squadrons with the civilian ships, along with most of the crew. Apollo is able to divert the attention of the four Cylon Basestars attacking "Galactica" after FTL jumping to New Caprica. The older battlestar continues to cover the evacuation of the New Caprica colonists. This distraction allows time for "Galactica"'s FTL drives to be repaired and the planet-bound colonists to reach their ships and escape.
One Cylon Basestar is critically damaged by "Pegasus"' forward main batteries as it enters the fray, drawing the fire from the Basestars. After "Galactica" jumps away, "Pegasus" (now heavily damaged and unable to escape) is locked into a suicide course, weapons systems firing automatically. The crew is evacuated to several Raptors just before "Pegasus" rams a Basestar, destroying it. The explosion causes the battlestar to fragment, the starboard hangar pod colliding with and destroying another Basestar.
Technical information.
As a Mercury class Battlestar, "Pegasus" is substantially newer, larger and more powerful than "Galactica". It is nearly twice the size, but only carries around half the crew due to greater automation. "Pegasus" had approximately 1,753 crewmembers at the time it encountered "Galactica".
"Pegasus" has vastly superior weapons, flight decks, and armor compared to "Galactica". Its forward weapons battery can devastate a Cylon basestar with a single salvo. It is armed with large anti ship KEWs, anti fighter/missile batteries and nuclear weapons. It has much larger flight decks than "Galactica", two on each side of the ship for a combined total of four flight decks. "Pegasus" had four fully operational squadrons of Vipers at the time it encountered "Galactica", and automation systems that allowed the production of new Vipers to help replace "Galactica"'s losses. Unlike "Galactica", "Pegasus" had flight simulators on board to facilitate the training of new pilots.
"Battlestar Galactica: Razor".
The made for TV movie "" preceding Season 4 details the story of "Pegasus" from the events of the miniseries to when the battlestar meets up with "Galactica" and her fleet, as well as a mission with Lee Adama in command.

</doc>
<doc id="2915439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915439" title="Michael DeSisto">
Michael DeSisto

A. (Albert) Michael DeSisto (May 29, 1939 – November 1, 2003) was an American educator best known for founding and directing the controversial DeSisto Schools.
Early life and education.
Born in Boston, Massachusetts on May 29, 1939, Michael DeSisto attended parochial schools in West Roxbury, and graduated from Cathedral High School in Boston in 1957. DeSisto made average marks in elementary and secondary school. At one time being expelled from Cardinal O'Connell, a Boston seminary school. He was a theology student at St. John's Seminary in Brighton for two years. He received a Bachelor of Arts degree in history and government from Stonehill College in North Easton in 1962.
Career.
DeSisto was a teacher, unlicensed therapist, and director for eleven years at The Lake Grove School on Long Island, New York. DeSisto had significant disagreements with the administrators of Lake Grove regarding their educational approach and was fired. In 1978 he secured funding mostly in the form of advance tuition payments, and direct donations, from the parents of former students of The Lake Grove School, and set out to found his own school. He founded the DeSisto at Stockbridge School in Stockbridge, Massachusetts for at risk teens in 1978.
Although DeSisto's official title was executive director, he was often referred to as headmaster in the press and by others, even though he never held the position or referred to himself as such.
DeSisto originally envisioned a string of schools nationally and internationally based on Gestalt psychological principles, and his own therapeutic model. DeSisto stated that the Stockbridge campus would be his "flagship". In 1980 DeSisto opened a second campus in Howey-in-the-Hills, Florida.
In the early 1980s, DeSisto and the DeSisto School were favorably featured in articles in Life, Time and People magazines. DeSisto made a number of appearances on national television with his students, including "The Today Show". He appeared several times as a guest on the Joey Reynolds radio show.
The DeSisto at Howey School closed in 1988. DeSisto stated that the reason was declining enrollment, and legal problems with the local government. The DeSisto at Stockbridge School closed permanently in June 2004, amid commonwealth allegations that it did not create a safe environment for its students.
In 1988 "The Orlando Sentinel" reported that the DeSisto School's claim of accreditation by the National Association of Independent Schools was false. Michael DeSisto responded that, "low-level staff members were responsible". Mike DeSisto's résumé also stated he had been a faculty member at Elmira College and Adelphi University, when he had not ever been a faculty member at either institution. DeSisto also claimed he had worked as a consultant for the Free University of New York at Stony Brook. According to Jeremy Weis, an official with the New York Bureau of Academic Information and Reports, the state agency with which all universities must register "I've never heard of this university". Elmira payroll supervisor Mary Fetyko said, "DeSisto never worked there." At Adelphi, administrator Margaret Elaine Wittman said, "there are no records of DeSisto having been a faculty member,
the man is completely foreign to us, the fact that he would say this on his vita is incredible."
In November 1988, "The Orlando Sentinel" ran a three-part exposé about Michael DeSisto, titled "Desisto(sic) Went Far On Fake Credentials", "Who is Michael DeSisto? For years, Howey's most controversial resident has claimed a lot of impressive academic and professional credentials, many of which are false. The real story is one of firings from teaching posts and inflated representations of his professional stature.Yet those credentials are a significant aspect of the almost overwhelmingly positive publicity he has received—on the Today show, in Life, Time and People magazines, and in numerous newspaper articles—and the subsequent financial success he has achieved with his private preparatory schools." In response to complaints made by Michael DeSisto that the articles "presented an unfair picture of him and his schools". On October 7, 1990, the Orlando Sentinel published a follow-up article titled, "New Information On The Desisto(sic) Schools". It is the Sentinel's policy to review all such complaints "in a spirit of fairness". The Sentinel found that, "the presentation of one story in the three-day series may have led to the unintentionally misleading conclusion that his entire career was built on false credentials." About a year after the publication of this article in the Sentinel with DeSisto's rebuttal about his credentials, it was discovered that Michael DeSisto did not have a Master's degree as he had long claimed.
In 1991, DeSisto authored his only book: " Decoding Your Teenager (How to understand each other during the turbulent years)" After its publication, some journalists published articles calling into question whether DeSisto actually held a master's degree in psychology from the University of Massachusetts, as he claimed, or did not. In fact the University of Massachusetts doesn't even offer a master's degree in psychology, and only has a doctorate program. DeSisto later admitted to not possessing the Master's degree, and said the error was due to a "low-level assistant", who had mistakenly placed it on his résumé.
It 1991 Michael DeSisto was selected to receive the Outstanding Alumnus Award from his alma mater, Stonehill College. The reasons given were,"in recognition of his dedication to helping troubled youth and their families. He was an outstanding educator, a compassionate counselor, a popular author, a skilled communicator and founder of the DeSisto School, a therapeutic-educational community for troubled teenagers."
In 1999, DeSisto produced an off-off-Broadway musical "Inappropriate" with Lonnie McNeil and Michael Sottile based on the journals and life experiences of the student performers. On December 6, 2004 the composer of "Inappropriate", Michael Sottile filed a lawsuit in Berkshire Superior Court against the DeSisto School seeking the recovery of almost $350,000 in damages that an arbitrator ordered the school to pay him after a default judgment six months previously found he had not been paid for his services.
Roger Kahn's 2006 memoir, "Into My Own" portrays DeSisto as an egocentric figure, stained by streaks of cruelty. A number of former DeSisto students have praised that portrait.
Personal life.
DeSisto's father was a building contractor who died when DeSisto was 11-years-old. DeSisto has a brother Joseph, and a sister Jacqueline who is deceased. In 1983 DeSisto married Margie Charles Bullock in a lavish ceremony on the Stockbridge campus lasting three days that included two live elephants, three hot air balloons, and fireworks. The noise disrupted a concert going on at the nearby Tanglewood. They had no children.
Death.
DeSisto died on November 1, 2003, from cerebral hemorrhage, several days after receiving a kidney transplant.

</doc>
<doc id="2915448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915448" title="Takanosu Station">
Takanosu Station

Lines.
Takanosu Station is served by the JR East Ōu Main Line, and is located 379.5 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Fukushima Station. It is also a terminal station for the Akita Nairiku Jūkan Railway Akita Nairiku Line
Station layout.
Takanosu Station consists of one side platform and one island platform serving three tracks for use by the JR East portion of the station. However, Platform 3 is not in normal use. The adjacent Akita Nairiku Railway portion of the station uses a single bay platform
History.
Takanosu Station opened on August 7, 1900 as a station on the Japanese Government Railways (JGR) serving the town of Takanosu, Akita. The JGR Aniai Line began operations from December 10, 1934. The JGR became the Japan National Railways (JNR) after World War II. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="2915455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915455" title="List of Cleveland politicians">
List of Cleveland politicians

Notable politicians from the city of Cleveland, Ohio:

</doc>
<doc id="2915459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915459" title="Malcolm Wheeler-Nicholson">
Malcolm Wheeler-Nicholson

Major Malcolm Wheeler-Nicholson (January 4, 1890 – 1965) was an American pulp magazine writer and entrepreneur who pioneered the American comic book, publishing the first such periodical consisting solely of original material rather than reprints of newspaper comic strips. Long after his departure from the comic book company he founded, Wheeler-Nicholson's National Allied Publications, would evolve into DC Comics, one of the world's two largest comic book publishers along with rival Marvel Comics.
He was a 2008 Judges' Choice inductee into the Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame.
Biography.
Early life and military career.
Malcolm Wheeler-Nicholson was born in Greeneville, Tennessee. His father, whose surname was Strain, died in 1894, after the birth of his second son, Malcolm's brother Christopher. Another sibling, a sister, died in 1894, when Malcolm was four. Their mother, Antoinette Wheeler, afterward moved to New York City, New York, became a journalist, and later joined a start-up women's magazine in Portland, Oregon. By this time she had changed her last name to "Straham", a variant of "Strain", and upon marrying teacher T.J.B. Nicholson, who would become the boys' stepfather, reverted to her maiden name and appended her new married name. The brothers were raised in "an iconoclastic, intellectual household" where his family entertained such guests as Theodore Roosevelt and Rudyard Kipling.
Wheeler-Nicholson spent his boyhood both in Portland and on a horse ranch in Washington State. Raised riding, he went on to attend the military academy The Manlius School in DeWitt, New York, and in 1917 joined the U.S. Cavalry as a second-lieutenant. According to differing sources, he rose to become either "the youngest major in the Army", the youngest in the Cavalry, or one of the youngest in the Cavalry. By his own account, he "chased bandits on the Mexican border, fought fevers and played polo in the Philippines, led a battalion of infantry against the Bolsheviki in Siberia, helped straighten out the affairs of the army in France commanded the headquarters cavalry of the American force in the Rhine". His Cavalry unit was among those under John J. Pershing's command that in 1916 hunted the Mexican revolutionary Pancho Villa. The following year, he served under Pershing fighting the Muslim Moros in the Philippines, and with a Cossack troop in Siberia. Subsequent outposts included Japan; London, England; and Germany.
After World War I, Wheeler-Nicholson was sent to study at the École Supérieure de Guerre in Paris, France, where he met Elsa Sachsenhausen Bjorkböm. They were married in Koblenz, Germany in 1920; their first child, Antoinette, was born in Stockholm, Sweden, his wife's home, in 1922.
That same year, following his public criticism of Army command in an open letter to President Warren G. Harding, as well as accusations by the major against senior officers, plus countercharges, hearings, a lawsuit against West Point head General Fred W. Sladen, and what the family calls an Army-sanctioned assassination attempt that left Wheeler-Nicholson hospitalized with a bullet wound, Wheeler-Nicholson was convicted in a court-martial trial of violating an Article of War in publishing his letter in "The New York Times". He resigned his commission in 1923, the year his second child, daughter Marianne, was born. Sons Malcolm and Douglas were born in 1927 and 1928, respectively, and daughter Diane in 1932.
Writing career.
Having already written non-fiction about military topics, including the 1922 book "The Modern Cavalry", and fiction, including the Western hardcover novel "Death at the Corral", also 1922, Wheeler-Nicholson now began writing short stories for the pulps. The major soon became a cover name, penning military and historical adventure fiction for such magazines as "Adventure" and "Argosy". He additionally ghost wrote six adventure novels about air hero Bill Barnes for Street & Smith Publications.
Concurrently, in 1925, he founded Wheeler-Nicholson, Inc. to syndicate his work, which included a daily comic-strip adaptation of Robert Louis Stevenson's novel "Treasure Island," with art by N. Brewster Morse.
"New Fun".
In autumn 1934, having seen the emergence of "Famous Funnies" (1933) and other oversize magazines reprinting comic strips, Wheeler-Nicholson formed the comics publishing company National Allied Publications. While contemporary comics "consisted ... of reprints of old syndicate material", Wheeler-Nicholson found that the "rights to all the popular strips ... had been sewn up". While some existing publications had included small amounts of original material, generally as filler, and while Dell Publishing had put out a proto-comic book of all original strips, "The Funnies", in 1929, Wheeler-Nicholson's premiere comic — "New Fun" #1 (Feb. 1935) — became the first comic book containing all-original material. As author Nicky Wright wrote,
A tabloid-sized, 10-inch by 15-inch, 36-page magazine with a card-stock, non-glossy cover, "New Fun" #1 was an anthology of "humor and adventure strips, many of which wrote himself". The features included the funny animal comic "Pelion and Ossa" and the college-set "Jigger and Ginger", mixed with such dramatic fare as the Western strip "Jack Woods" and the "yellow peril" adventure "Barry O'Neill", featuring a Fu Manchu-styled villain, Fang Gow. While all-original material was a risky venture, the book sold well enough that National Allied Publishing continued to fill books "with new strips every month". Golden Age comics creator Sheldon Mayer quipped years later of Wheeler-Nicholson: "Not only the first man to publish comic books but also the first to stiff an artist for his check".
The first four issues were edited by future Funnies, Inc. founder Lloyd Jacquet, the fifth by Wheeler-Nicholson himself. Issue #6 (Oct. 1935) brought the comic-book debuts of Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster, the future creators of Superman, who began their careers with the musketeer swashbuckler "Henri Duval" (doing the first two installments before turning it over to others) and, under the pseudonyms "Leger and Reuths", the supernatural-crimefighter adventure Doctor Occult. They would remain on the latter title through issue #32 (June 1938), following the magazine's retitling as "More Fun" (issues #7-8, Jan.-Feb. 1936), and "More Fun Comics" (#9-on).
Wheeler-Nicholson added a second magazine, "New Comics", which premiered with a Dec. 1935 cover date and at close to what would become the standard size of Golden Age comic books, with slightly larger dimensions than today's. The title became "New Adventure Comics" with issue #12, and finally "Adventure Comics" with #32. Continuing for many decades, until issue #503 in 1983, it would become one of the longest-running comic books. In 2009, it was revived with its original numbering.
Despite Wheeler-Nicholson's optimism, however, finding a place in the market was difficult. Newsstands were reluctant to stock a magazine of untested new material from an unknown publisher, particularly as other companies' comics titles were perceived as being "successful because they featured characters everyone knew and loved". Returns were high, and cash-flow difficulties made the interval between issues unpredictable. Artist Creig Flessel recalled that at the company's office on Fourth Avenue, "The major flashed in and out of the place, doing battles with the printers, the banks, and other enemies of the struggling comics".
Later career.
Wheeler-Nicholson suffered from continual financial crises, both in his personal and professional lives. "Dick Woods" artist Lyman Anderson, whose Manhattan apartment Wheeler-Nicholson used as a rent-free "pied-à-terre", said, "His wife would call home on Long Island and be in tears...and say she didn't have money and the milkman was going to cut off the milk for the kids. I'd send out 10 bucks, just because she needed it".
The third and final title published under his aegis would be "Detective Comics", advertised with a cover illustration dated Dec. 1936, but eventually premiering three months late, with a March 1937 cover date.
"Detective Comics" would become a sensation with the introduction of Batman in issue #27 (May 1939). By then, however, Wheeler-Nicholson was gone. In 1937, in debt to printing-plant owner and magazine distributor Harry Donenfeld — who was as well a pulp-magazine publisher and a principal in the magazine distributorship Independent News — Wheeler-Nicholson was compelled to take Donenfeld on as a partner in order to publish "Detective Comics" #1. Detective Comics, Inc. was formed, with Wheeler-Nicholson and Jack S. Liebowitz, Donenfeld's accountant, listed as owners.
The major remained for a year, but cash-flow problems continued. DC's 50th-anniversary publication "Fifty Who Made DC Great" cites the Great Depression as "forc Wheeler-Nicholson to sell his publishing business to Harry Donenfeld and Jack Liebowitz in 1937". However, wrote comics historian Gerard Jones:
As National Allied Publications went from strength to strength without him, Wheeler-Nicholson "gave up on the world of commerce thereafter and went back to writing war stories and critiques of the American military" in addition to straight "articles on politics and military history".
Wheeler-Nicholson died in 1965 on Long Island, in New York.
Family.
Actress Dana Wheeler-Nicholson (sometimes credited as Dana Wheeler Nicholson), who has appeared in movies including "Fletch" and "Tombstone", such TV series as "Sex in the City", "Friday Night Lights" and ""  and the soap opera "All My Children", is the daughter of Malcolm Wheeler-Nicholson's second son, Douglas.

</doc>
<doc id="2915473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915473" title="Chris Valletta">
Chris Valletta

Chris Valletta is the co-founder of Mission Athletecare, a company that markets products specifically designed for athletes. He is best known for playing for the NFL for three seasons, and appearing as a contestant on "The Apprentice".
Football career.
High School and college.
Born in New England, Valletta moved to Plano, Texas in the 1990s, where he attended Plano Senior High School and played football as an offensive lineman, and was on the Plano Senior Wildcats team that won the 5A State Championship in 1994. At Plano, Chris was selected to the prestigious Parade All American Team in 1995. Valletta played football as an offensive linesman at Texas A&M University from 1997-2000, where he received All-Conference honors. During his time at A&M, he played on the teams that won the Big 12 South Championship in 1997 and the Big 12 Championship in 1998. On November 18, 1999, the Aggie Bonfire, part of the pregame festivities between Texas A&M and the University of Texas collapsed during construction, killing 12 and injuring 27. At the game, held the following Friday, Valletta wrote the names of the 12 students on a shirt beneath his jersey. Valletta graduated in 2001, with degrees in majoring in speech communication and rhetorical theory, as well as political science.
Professional.
Valletta signed to the Tennessee Titans in 2001 as an undrafted free agent. He was released in August of the same year, and signed to the New Orleans Saints, where he was released in August 2002. He then joined the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, where he was a member of their practice team until his release in October 2002. Tampa Bay went on to win the Super Bowl that season, beating the Oakland Raiders 48-21 in Super Bowl XXXVII
Professional career.
KRLD.
Following his retirement from the NFL, Valletta worked in advertising sales at KRLD News Radio in Dallas. During this time, he started a company called Big Tree Investments LLC. with business partner Richie Jaynes. A transactional real estate company, Big Tree Investments used land trusts to acquire and wholesale properties. He and his then-wife Lacie also founded C&L, Inc, which operated their 100-acre tree farm in East Texas, where they raised and harvested pine trees.
Appearance on "The Apprentice".
In 2005, Valletta was selected for the cast of the fourth season of "The Apprentice". Following a ratings slide in the show's third season, Valletta was part of a cast that was personally selected by Donald Trump. He was the second contestant fired from the show, after serving as the project manager for the losing team on a task that involved creating a 30-second television commercial and print ads for a new Lamborghini sports car. He also appeared on "The Big Idea with Donny Deutsch".
GoSMILE.
Following his appearance on "The Apprentice", Valletta was named the senior director for business development at GoSMILE Inc. A company that markets tooth-whitening products, GoSMILE was co-founded by Josh Shaw, one of Valletta's fellow Apprentice contestants. GoSMILE was later acquired by investment firm JH Partners.
Mission Athletecare.
Valletta is the co-founder of Mission Athletecare. Founded in 2009, the company markets a line of personal care products conceived, researched and developed by athletes for athletes, many of whom are also stakeholders in the company. Athletes involved with the company include Dwyane Wade, Carmelo Anthony, Serena Williams, Mia Hamm and Billy Jean King. The company also makes Mission Product, a line of skincare products that was the idea of ultra-endurance athlete Charlie Engle. Josh Shaw serves as the company's founder and CEO. The company was named as the Sports Marketer of the Year for 2012 by readers of NYSportsJournalism.
Affiliations.
Valletta serves as the chairman of the Health and Wellness Committee for the NFL Alumni Organization (NY/NJ).
Personal life.
Valletta resides in New York City and is married to marketing strategist Liliana Gil Valletta.

</doc>
<doc id="2915492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915492" title="Komokiacea">
Komokiacea

The Komokiacea are a small group of amoeboid protozoa, usually considered foraminiferans, though this is questionable. They form branching pseudopods which collect food and debris, and the latter is cemented together to form a branching test, with multiple openings but no true chambers. Komokiacea are mostly reported from deep sea environments, and are still poorly known.

</doc>
<doc id="2915494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915494" title="Anita Malfatti">
Anita Malfatti

Anita Catarina Malfatti (December 2, 1889 – November 6, 1964) is heralded as the first Brazilian artist to introduce European and American forms of Modernism to Brazil. Her solo exhibition in Sao Paulo from 1917–1918, was quite controversial at the time, and her expressionist style and subject were revolutionary for the rather complacently old-fashioned art expectations of Brazilians who were searching for a national identity in art, but who were not prepared for the influences Malfatti would bring to the country. Malfatti's presence was also highly felt during the Week of Modern Art ("Semana de Arte Moderna") in 1922, where she and the "Group of Five" made huge revolutionary changes in the structure and response to modern art in Brazil.
Historical background.
The cultural history throughout Brazil is relevant to the changing theories of art's purpose and the consequential role that Modernist artists played. There were not many art institutions in Brazil and the country lacked a long theory of art technique that was institutional in other countries such as France with the Academie Royale de Peinture et Sculpture. By the end of the nineteenth century there was dissent in Rio's National School of Fine Arts and it was threatened to be closed by the Republicans who wanted all people who desired to become artists would have the ability to do so. This stemmed somewhat of a revolution where society became more receptive to new ideas by 1890. However, people who were too tied to the emperor were left from the artistic and cultural spectrum. By the 1920s there was a desire for a more specified and formal reconsideration of the arts and São Paulo was especially prominent in this area. However, along with the desire for renovation came the equally strong loyalty to a realistic portrayal of Brazilian life and culture.
Formal training.
Malfatti's studies began in Mackenzie College in São Paulo, but the limited world of art in Brazil was not enough to satiate her curious mind and so she left for Berlin in 1912. Europe still remained an extremely important agent in defining artistic tendencies during this era. Hence, when Anita Malfatti went to Germany and studied with important artists Fritz Burger-Muhlfeld (1867–1927), Lovis Corinth (1858–1925) and Ernst Bischoff-Culm her influences and creative exposure were inflated. During this period she studied German Expressionism. German Expressionism emphasized the color pallette and artists were expected to paint with expressive amounts of emotion that was emphasized and where subjects of the work were frequently altered or jarred. A huge influence in her artistic style lay in her exposure to the Armory Show in Cologne from May to September 1912. At the show a conglomeration of artists were exposed. Although there were many post-impressionist painters exhibited, Cubism stole the show by far. Homer Boss was included in the show and Malfatti went to study with him in New York in 1915. Malfatti also studied under artists George Bridgman, Dimitri Romanoffsky (s.d.-1971), however it was her experience with Homer Boss at the Independent School of Art that was most influential. Homer Boss was a huge impact on Malfatti's style because of his comprehensive studies of the human anatomy. He stressed the idea of understanding the muscular body which helped Malfatti to hone her own technique. New York was central in celebrating Cubism and Malfatti was an exceptional student within the Independent School of Art. Thus she was exposed to European style, which by the early twentieth centuries was even being forged with other styles. Europe's views on Modernism included a subjective treatment toward subjects as well as a highly repellent attitude towards the artistic movements proceeding modernism such as Realism or Romanticism. Malfatti’s exposure to the European world of art allowed her a glimpse into an artistic world that she could never have known in São Paulo and gave her the more global viewpoint that she would pass on to other artists as well.
Controversial art.
Malfatti had her own solo exhibition, "Exposição de Pintura Moderna" in São Paulo, Brazil from December 12, 1917 to January 11, 1918. Despite the fact that Malfatti carefully chose her artworks so as not to offend—for example, she omitted her nudes from the exposition—her work was still highly criticized. In New York she had been heralded as another member of the avant-garde artists, but in Brazil her art was not recognized to be a positive contribution in the important search of nationalism and traditions within art. One of the reasons why Malfatti became such a scandal was because her art was displayed as a one-person show. Instead of having many different artists revealing their intentions of bringing Brazilian art into context of globally modernist innovations such as Post-Impressionism or Cubism to Brazil, Malfatti was seen as an individual who caused scandal to the carefully and rather conservatively minded Brazilians whose only desire was to continue the fin-du siecle romantic style. As Batista argues, Malfatti's thought was something similar to, "I'm not the only person who paints in this style unfamiliar to you; out there, this is the new, current art many others are experimenting with." However, despite the fact that Malfatti was an artist riding the global wave of thought and style, in Brazil she was simply viewed as an alien artist with no link to the Brazilian culture. Therefore, Malfatti's internationalism only further estranged her from Brazilian's expectations of art and of her art in particular.
Malfatti's art was in no way romantic. "Her formal innovations, including Cubist planar distortions, a vibrant high-colour palate and forceful drawing, were deemed unintelligible." However, Malfatti’s art was celebrated by critics like Oswald de Andrade who had been familiar with Marinetti’s futurist manifesto in Europe and translated that to Brazilian culture because her artwork reflected true freedom of subject and style. One of the huge factors of Brazilian modernism lay in the close association between the literary avant-garde to painting and sculpture. Lucie-Smith, in "Latin American Art of the 20th Century", argues that this association prevented art from being created smoothly and progressively and furthermore provided artists with cultural, social and political responsibilities that the artists may not have previously been tied to. For example, Oswald de Andrade’s “"Pau-Brazil Poetry Manifesto"” argues for:
Synthesis
Balance
Finished bodywork
Invention
Surprise
A new perspective
A new scale
Any natural effort in this direction will be good. Pau-Brazil Poetry
With literary movements propelling the artistic explosion which was to become Brazilian modernism, Malfatti was painting in a time of political and social need for a fresh and creative artistic license. The synthesis between Andrade and other painters such as Tarsila do Amaral and the rest of the Group of Five was enormously important in replacing the older more conservative views of art and culture.
Yet another reason that Malfatti's exposition was viewed with such distaste lies in the fact that she was a woman. Malfatti's art was not seen in correlation to proper feminine etiquette of the era. She was criticized by critic Monteiro Lobato for having an inauthentic Brazilian spirit. Unfortunately, Lucie-Smith among other art historians argue that due to the negative responses aroused toward Malfatti's art, her style never evolved further than her paintings exhibited in her 1917 exhibition. "Her later paintings are a step backwards, naïve and cheerfully folkoristic."
The Week of Modern Art in São Paulo, Brazil was created in respect to events in Europe such as Deauville, France which tended to celebrate futurism and progressive thought. Not only exhibiting art, the week included conferences, architectural exhibits, music and poetry readings. The point of the week was to celebrate the down-to-earth and free-thinking styles of art that could propagate change and social movement toward a less pretentious and more open-minded Brazilian mindset. Academic training was not stressed during the Week of Modern Art. In fact, there was an array of artistic styles exhibited, which also underlined the lack of direct organization of the exhibition. "Diverse directions were taken: from postimpressionism to half-baked cubism."
Malfatti's importance lies in the fact that she was the groundbreaking Brazilian painter, and furthermore an upper-class woman, who was exposed to global art's tendencies and who was able to bring these tendencies back to her Brazilian roots. In her search for her own artistic identity and her influence influenced by Modernist movements in Europe and America, her paintings accurately reflected the transformative twentieth century ideals. Although her art is never seen to transcend her initial breakthrough, that first impact was enough to impart a lasting legacy upon other Brazilian modernist painters as well as to herself.
Evolution of painting.
Anita Malfatti's style of painting has been criticized for not evolving artistically after her initial shocking reintroduction to Brazil's artistic vision. Although Lucie-Smith is quite harsh saying that none of her works after "The Idiot" are of any importance, it is relevant to say that her style became much more toned down and "respectable" than it previously was. Malfatti's exhibition in 1915–16 was even a toned-down version of what her artistic style was. Although she did not exhibit any of her nude pieces in her exhibition her style was still seen as extremely avant-garde. Her changing style can be well explained through a comparison of pieces throughout her career. "The Idiot" is her most famously influential piece and can be compared to a piece from the 1940s, "O Canal e a Ponta", a much less controversial style and subject matter.
"The Idiot" is a perfect, and her most famous, example of this. Her color palatte is extremely vivid and striking. Malfatti makes great use of primary colors, and she outlines her subject in black which clearly defines the shape of the chair and the woman, but which leaves the background indiscernible as to exactly what it is representing. The brush-strokes are large and imperfect as well and do not lend a solid feeling of spacial organization to the painting. Instead, the woman and the background seem to exist on the same plane, only being separated by color movement and shapes. The subject of a woman seated on a chair is nothing remarkable in the art world, but the subject title of the piece as well as the striking upward glance of the woman's eyes explains how it would be shocking to a conservative Brazilian culture. Not only is Malfatti painting an (as it would seem) underbelly representation of society, but she is doing so at a time when society was searching for a "Brazilian" style. All of a sudden it becomes uncertain what Malfatti is representing of Brazil.
However influential Malfatti's debut into the Modernist art scene was in Brazil, her later pieces of work seem to revert to an older and more serene style. No longer are her pieces shocking or with as intense of a mixture of Cubism and Impressionism. Her painting "O Canal e a Ponta" done in the 1940s is not nearly as stunning in style or character as "The Idiot". The brush-strokes are much smaller and identical in relation to one another. They all go in the same direction, merely seen as a transitory means for color to be expressed. Malfatti's color palatte is much less stunning as well. Although the colors in the painting are still lovely, they lack the vivid contrast which makes "The Idiot" so memorable. Instead of playing off of opposite colors, "O Canal e a Ponta" is one swell of deep shades that vary slightly from light reflections. The painting is still beautiful, it is simply much more traditional. The style is much more reminiscent of a toned down expressionism and does not utilise any qualities of Cubism which made her first pieces so planarly abstract. Even the subject matter is much more traditional and "European". It is a very tranquil setting of a bridge over a river with two trees on its sides a set of houses down the way and a serene sky. It is very harmonious but lacking in zest which would make her painting unique.
Malfatti is thought to have been rather discouraged from her reception of her highly debated exposition and so it would make sense that she would try to please her audience. However, at the same time, other artists such as Tarsila do Amaral were becoming highly evolved in their search for the Brazilian identity and culture. Although Malfatti's courage and formally trained style introduced a new development to Brazilians, she almost sacrificed her artistic career simply to pave the path for other artists to forge ahead. However she will always be celebrated as the artist who brought Modernism to Brazil and, as that is no small feat, her impact is legendary.
Exhibitions.
"Esposição de Pintura Moderna Anita Malfatti" Dec 12, 1917 – Jan 11, 1918
"Semana de Arte Moderna", São Paulo, 1922
Museum of Art São Paulo Assis, 1949
São Paulo Hall of Modern Art, 1951
References.
cli<html lang="en" dir="ltr" class="client-nojs">
<head>
<title>Editing Anita Malfatti (section) - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia</title>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<meta name="generator" content="MediaWiki 1.21wmf11" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex,nofollow" />
<link rel="alternate" type="application/x-wiki" title="Edit this page" href="/w/index.php?title=Anita_Malfatti&action=edit" />
<link rel="edit" title="Edit this page" href="/w/index.php?title=Anita_Malfatti&action=edit" />
<link rel="apple-touch-icon" href="//en.wikipedia.org/apple-touch-icon.png" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="//bits.wikimedia.org/favicon/wikipedia.ico" />
<link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml" href="/w/opensearch_desc.php" title="Wikipedia (en)" />
<link rel="EditURI" type="application/rsd+xm

</doc>
<doc id="2915506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915506" title="Integrative complexity">
Integrative complexity

Integrative complexity is a research psychometric that refers to the degree to which thinking and reasoning involve the recognition and integration of multiple perspectives and possibilities and their interrelated contingencies.
Integrative complexity is a measure of the intellectual style used by individuals or groups in processing information, problem-solving, and decision making. Complexity looks at the structure of one's thoughts, while ignoring the contents. It is scorable from almost any verbal materials: written materials, such as books, articles, letters, and transcript; as well as audio-visual material.
The measure of integrative complexity has two components: differentiation and integration. Differentiation refers to the perception of different dimensions when considering an issue. Integration refers to the recognition of cognitive connections among differentiated dimensions or perspectives.
In a 1988 study it was demonstrated that changes in Integrative Complexity could be potentially used in international violence prediction. These findings were seen again a 1995 article by Guttieri, Wallace, and Suedfeld looking at the Cuban Missile Crisis.
Components.
Evaluative differentiation.
Evaluative differentiation involves the acknowledgement that reasonable people can view any given event differently and that making a decision involves balancing any legitimate competing interests. In contrast, thinking in an evaluatively un-differentiated manner involves thinking rigidly and refusing to compromise or consider any alternative.
Conceptual integration.
Conceptual integration using reasoning that builds upon earlier evaluative differentiations. It is commonly used to help give context to previous evaluative differentiations. For example, it could take the form of explaining why someone may view an event in a different way or in what ways a compromise could be made between conflicting values. 
Examples.
Conflict resolution.
Integratively complex thinkers are better able to reach mutually advantageous solutions in mixed-motive games than integratively simple thinkers. Declines in integrative complexity in diplomacy during times of crises is also a lead indicator of war, while increases in integrative complexity is a lead indicator of reaching compromise agreements that avert war. 
Cognitive bias.
Thinking in an integratively complex way can reduce or even eliminate various judgmental biases. Such biases include belief perseverance, the over-attribution effect, and overconfidence. 
Downsides.
Integrative complexity also has very realistic downsides. Thinking in an integratively complex way, for example, makes you more prone to suffering from the dilution effect Integratively complex thinkers are also more prone to defer to others or put off making a decision when faced with difficult cost-benefit decisions. Additionally, while integratively complex thinkers are more likely to reach a mutually advantageous compromise when dealing with reasonable opponents, unreasonable opponents are much more likely to be able to exploit them. 

</doc>
<doc id="2915507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915507" title="James Hope Moulton">
James Hope Moulton

The Reverend James Hope Moulton (11 October 1863 - 9 April 1917, died at sea) was a British non-conformist divine. He was also a philogist and made a special study of Zoroastrianism.
Biography.
His family had a strong Methodist background. His father was the first headmaster of the Leys School, Cambridge where James was one of the first students. After attending King's College, Cambridge, he chose to become a Wesleyan minister. He showed a strong talent for academic studies, and the University of Manchester invited him to teach Classical Greek and other languages. He was also teaching at the Didsbury College, a Methodist seminary near Manchester. He was a friend of James Frazer, the Scottish social anthropologist. He developed a strong interest in Zoroastrianism, one of the world's oldest known monotheistic religions. Over the course of his life he published many books and papers, mainly focused on Zoroastrianism and the Greek texts that the Bible is derived from. He was a Prison Chaplain at Preston for some time around 1910.
In 1916 he decided to take advantage of the academic lull of World War I and spend a long spell in India, to serve as a Methodist missionary and to research and lecture on Zoroastrianism in one of its traditional homelands. This was not an easy time for him, as his wife had recently died, and while he was in India, his son William Ralph Osborn Moulton died in the French trenches on 5 August 1916. He spent 16 months in India under the auspices of the YMCA, researching, preaching and lecturing. A matter that was of particular interest to him was the religion of the Parsis, the Zoroastrians of the Indian subcontinent, and the relationship between their beliefs and Judeo-Christian religions. He felt that the former was awaiting its completion by the latter. While in Karachi, he availed of the friendship and library of Maneckji Nusserwanji Dhalla, a U.S.-educated Zoroastrian scholar and the high priest of the Parsi community there.
He left Karachi aboard the "S.S. City of Paris", headed for Egypt where he met with his friend and colleague Dr J. Rendel Harris. The pair set sail from Port Said but as their ship passed the Gulf of Lion it was torpedoed and sank. Moulton, Harris and several others from the ship escaped in a lifeboat, but James Moulton died on the third of the four days it took the boat to reach Corsica, aged fifty-three. He was buried at sea on 9 April 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="2915510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915510" title="Kitakami Station">
Kitakami Station

Lines.
Kitakami Station is served by the Tōhoku Shinkansen high-speed line from Tokyo to , and also by local services on the Tōhoku Main Line and Kitakami Line. It is located 487.5 rail kilometers from the terminus of the Tōhoku Shinkansen and Tōhoku Main Line at Tokyo Station and is a terminus for the Kitakami Line. 
Station layout.
Kitakami Station has an island platform and a single side platform. However, the side platform is cut, forming a partial bay platform, so that the platform effectively serves two tracks. The Tōhoku Shinkansen portion of the station has an island platform and a single side platform serving three tracks. All of the platforms are elevated. The station has a "Midori no Madoguchi" staffed ticket office.
History.
The station opened on 1 November 1890 as . It was renamed to its present name on 10 November 1954. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987. Services on the Tōhoku Shinkansen commenced 30 March 1996. 

</doc>
<doc id="2915512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915512" title="Gung Ho (album)">
Gung Ho (album)

Gung Ho is an album by Patti Smith, released March 21, 2000 on Arista Records. The song "New Party" was used as the official song for the 2000 Ralph Nader's presidential campaign. Song "Glitter in Their Eyes" was nominated for Grammy Award for Best Female Rock Vocal Performance in 2001.
The record was included in "Rolling Stone"'s "Top 50 Albums of 2000".
This is the first Patti Smith album to not include Smith on the cover (it was, instead, a picture of her father, Grant Smith).
Personnel.
Band
Additional personnel

</doc>
<doc id="2915521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915521" title="NORM-UK">
NORM-UK

NORM-UK is an English-registered charity concerned with health of the human genitals, with particular focus on the foreskin and matters related to circumcision. It provides information about conservative treatments for conditions such as phimosis and frenulum breve, as well as advice regarding foreskin restoration for circumcised males. It also hosts and participates in conferences and symposia about genital health and integrity.
The charity co-operates, but is not affiliated, with other non-profit organisations, and it is a member of the Alliance for Transforming the Lives of Children and the International Coalition for Genital Integrity. The charity's website is certified by the Health On the Net Foundation.
History and mission.
NORM-UK was founded in 1994 by English physician Dr. John Warren. The original aim was to provide information to circumcised men about non-surgical foreskin restoration. The organisation quickly expanded its mission to provide information about all aspects of health related to the foreskin, penis, and genital areas.
NORM-UK is independent of any other organisation and it is regulated by the Charity Commission for England and Wales. It is registered with charity number 1072831 and with the stated objective: To advance the education of the public in all matters relating to circumcision and other forms of surgical alteration of the genitals including alternative treatments and offering information and advice on such matters.
Female circumcision, or female genital mutilation, which is illegal in the United Kingdom, is also a concern of NORM-UK.
Publications.
NORM-UK publishes a quarterly journal, "NORM NEWS: The Journal of NORM-UK". The charity also publishes a number of pamphlets covering a range of issues such as care of the infant foreskin, phimosis and foreskin tightness, and alternative solutions to circumcision. NORM-UK's vice-chairman Dr. Peter Ball also produced the video and DVD "Restoration in Focus".
Office and personnel.
The organisation's office is located in Stone, Staffordshire. David Smith serves as general manager and is the charity's only paid employee. There are also a number of volunteers who work in the office and remotely. 
The board of trustees includes founder Dr. John Warren (chairman), Dr. Peter Ball (vice-chairman), Margaret Green (treasurer) and John Dalton (lead researcher and archivist).
The actor Alan Cumming, art critic and writer Brian Sewell, and scientist Jack Cohen serve as patrons of NORM-UK.

</doc>
<doc id="2915522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915522" title="WUPX-TV">
WUPX-TV

WUPX-TV is a television station in Morehead, Kentucky, serving the Lexington market as an affiliate of the Ion Television network on digital channel 21. The station's broadcasting tower is located on McCausey Ridge in Menifee County. As such, its signal barely reaches its intended city.
WUPX-TV was launched as UPN 62 WBLU-LP and UPN 67 WAOM-TV until 2001. Both stations simulcast UPN and infomercials until WAOM was sold off. WAOM-TV was then sold to Paxson, became a PAX affiliate and changed its letters to WUPX.

</doc>
<doc id="2915532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915532" title="Nein Records">
Nein Records

Nein Records is a San Diego, CA based independent record label for industrial music. It was founded by Roberto Rojas in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="2915533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915533" title="Morgan Rose">
Morgan Rose

Morgan Jay Rose (born December 13, 1968) is an American drummer, record producer and founding member of the Atlanta-based alternative metal band Sevendust. He is also responsible for much of the background unclean vocals. Recently he joined Call Me No One and recorded debut album, and it was released on June 5, 2012 via Asylum. Morgan Rose is vice president of Imagen Records.
Early life.
Rose's father was a guitarist and his mother, who followed the Raspberries in the 1970s, took her young son to see David Bowie’s Ziggy Stardust tour, which he witnessed while sitting on the shoulders of a security guard. He credits his father with teaching him guitar and claimed that he was able to play Jimi Hendrix’s "If 6 Was 9" when he was three years old.
Career.
Rose began his music career in the early 1990s in the band Snake Nation, alongside Vinnie Hornsby. In late 1992, Rose and Hornsby joined forces with Lajon Witherspoon, who was at that time in a R&B band called Body & Soul, and formed Rumblefish, which was changed Crawlspace then to Sevendust after a name rights issue. Morgan Rose is one of the most respected and most innovative drummers in the industry, being voted by "Drum" magazine and Drummerworld as one of the top 100 drummers of all time. He is also one of the most charismatic members of the band, and often writes lyrics and is the backup vocalist when playing live. Australia's "Rolling Stone" voted him as the "hottest drummer" in history, thanks to a poll that was taken in 2003. In 2004, Morgan Rose voted no. 1 metal drummer by "Modern Drummer" magazine. He also is ranked no.32 in Hit Parader's top 100 bassist and drummers all time.
Rose features guest vocals on American heavy metal band Neverset track, "Take It All Away".
Alien Freak Wear is his own small line of clothing with a few tee shirts, hoodies and many other items, including his signature drum sticks.
Due to Tommy Lee injuring his hand in August 2009, Morgan filled in on drums in place of Lee, in Mötley Crüe, for five shows on Crüe Fest 2 from August 14 to August 19. Also Rose was recruited to replace Ray Luzier pulled double duty on the last few shows of the first leg of the Music As A Weapon V tour, sitting behind the kit for co-headliners Korn.
Eye Empire has tapped Morgan Rose to record the drums on the band's debut album, "Moment of Impact".
In June, 2012, Rose began working with The Infinite Staircase (Karina Esparza) at Architekt Music, as both the drummer and producer of their next album. 
On September 5, 2012, Sevendust went to studio to begin recording its ninth album for an early 2013 release. The latest album, Black Out the Sun was released on March 26, 2013.
Hobbies.
Morgan is a sports fan. He enjoys watching football, hockey and baseball games, and occasionally meets the athletes. He also enjoys playing video games with his Sevendust bandmates.
Equipment.
Rose plays Pearl Masterworks Series Drums, Evans Drum Heads and Zildjian Cymbals, as well as DDrum electronics, specifically their tube trigger. He is a large supporter of the new Pearl Vision Sets. He also uses Vater Drumsticks, with two signature models, the "Alien Freak" (double butt end), the "Whiplash", which is similar to a 2B stick and Motu DP software.
Personal life.
Rose was married to musician Rayna Foss the former bassist for the band Coal Chamber. They have since divorced. Together they have one child, a daughter named Kayla Moray Rose, born October 5, 1999. Rose then remarried. They have since divorced.

</doc>
<doc id="2915538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915538" title="Rhizosphere">
Rhizosphere

The rhizosphere is the narrow region of soil that is directly influenced by root secretions and associated soil microorganisms. Soil which is not part of the rhizosphere is known as bulk soil. The rhizosphere contains many bacteria that feed on sloughed-off plant cells, termed "rhizodeposition", and the proteins and sugars released by roots. Protozoa and nematodes that graze on bacteria are also more abundant in the rhizosphere. Thus, much of the nutrient cycling and disease suppression needed by plants occurs immediately adjacent to roots.
Secretions.
Plants secrete many compounds into the rhizosphere which serve different functions. Strigolactones, secreted and detected by mycorhizal fungi, stimulate the germination of spores and initiate changes in the mycorhiza that allow it to colonize the root. The parasitic plant, "Striga" also detects the presence of strigolactones and will germinate when it detects them; they will then move into the root, feeding off the nutrients present. Symbiotic Nitrogen-fixing bacteria, such as "Rhizobium" species, detect compounds like flavonoids secreted by the roots of leguminous plants and then produce nod factors which signal to the plant that they are present and will lead to the formation of root nodules. In these nodules bacteria, sustained by nutrients from the plant, convert nitrogen gas to a form that can be used by the plant. Non-symbiotic (or "free-living") nitrogen-fixing bacteria may reside in the rhizosphere just outside the roots of certain plants (including many grasses), and similarly "fix" nitrogen gas in the nutrient-rich plant rhizosphere. Even though these organisms are thought to be only loosely associated with plants they inhabit, they may respond very strongly to the status of the plants. For example, nitrogen-fixing bacteria in the rhizosphere of the rice plant exhibit diurnal cycles that mimic plant behavior, and tend to supply more fixed nitrogen during growth stages when the plant exhibits a high demand for nitrogen.
Some plants secrete allelochemicals from their roots which inhibit the growth of other organisms. For example garlic mustard produces a chemical which is believed to prevent mutualisms forming between the trees and mycorhiza in mesic North American temperate forests.
Biological control.
"Trichoderma"

</doc>
<doc id="2915542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915542" title="Mecha!">
Mecha!

Mecha! is a tabletop miniature wargame published by American game publisher Seventh Street Games (now Flagship Games) in 1993. As its name implies, "Mecha!" is a game featuring gigantic mecha (towering war machines piloted by humans) that allows players to simulate raging battles on land, air, sea and space. The game is currently out of print.
Game Description.
The ruleset is based on six-sided and ten-sided dice and uses inches for movement and range measurements. Energy points are renewed every game turn based on the structural integrity (i.e. energy) and allocated to actions such as: movement, attack, and defense. Structural integrity is tied to the energy point supply, and damaged vehicles find themselves able to do less and less. Critical damage is also possible, leading to an immediate (and messy) destruction.
Another interesting and unique feature of the system is the use of "Battlepoles", these were rods segmented into six 5 inch parts which were used to position the Mechas! at their relative altitudes and added a unique 3D feature to the game. These items could be built by the players or bought from Seventh Street Games as a deluxe set made of clear plastic which greatly enhanced the playing experience (and saving players some hours of work).
The game was intended to be played with actual model kits ranging from 1/100 to 1/300 in scale (standard scale was 15mm or 1/100), these were not produced by the company but they were intended to be purchased, adapted, built and painted by the players from commercial available kits of series such as Gundam, Macross and other mecha, actually the Canadian magazine "Mecha Press" published various articles where the writers used 1/144 mecha kits and the living room floor as battlefield.
In addition to the mecha themselves, the game supports more conventional forces including tanks, fighters and infantry in powered armor. Other features include three-dimensional air and space combat (using five Levels), rules for increasing crew experience, three campaign systems, a mechanical design system and several generic battle scenarios.
Setting.
The system was intended to be generic and the rulebook included a number of scenarios which could be adapted to any story. However, the authors also ncluded its own "Azteca Sourcebook and setting" depicting a fictional Aztec Mecha World a universe based on the Aztec Mythology, they turned the Gods into Giant Machines which ruled and fought for the dominance of an alternate Mexican Empire. Later, a sourcebook and several resin miniatures would be released to support this setting.
Expansion Sets.
The game received an official expansion, "Spirit Warrior Empire", in 1995. The focus of this supplement are the Azteca, a space-faring race whose holdings comprise what is now known as the Spirit Warrior Empire. The book featured more missions, new mecha designs, and the complete history of the Azteca and their portion of known space.

</doc>
<doc id="2915546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915546" title="Baileya (plant)">
Baileya (plant)

Baileya (the desert marigolds) is a genus of three species in the aster family Asteraceae. All are native to the southwestern United States and to Mexico.
They are typically annual, though "B. multiradiata" may be perennial.
The leaves, which may range from being entire to deeply lobed, mostly occur in a basal cluster. From this arises several flower stems, up to 18 inches (50 cm) in height, usually carrying a single yellow radiate flower each, although "B. pauciradiata" may have 2-3 flowers on a stem.
Desert marigolds typically have their main bloom in the spring, extending through July. Summer thunderstorms may enable a second bloom in October and even into November.
"Baileya" species are used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species including "Schinia miniana" (which feeds exclusively on the genus) and "Schinia pallicincta" (which feeds exclusively on "B. pauciradiata").
The genus is named after US microscopist and West Point professor Jacob Whitman Bailey (1811–1857).

</doc>
<doc id="2915549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915549" title="Charles Dickens, Jr.">
Charles Dickens, Jr.

Charles Dickens, Jr, born Charles Culliford Boz Dickens (6 January 1837 – July 20, 1896), was the first child of the English novelist Charles Dickens and his wife Catherine. A failed businessman, he became the editor of his father's magazine "All the Year Round", and a successful writer of dictionaries. He is now most remembered for his two 1879 books "Dickens's Dictionary of London" and "Dickens's Dictionary of the Thames".
Biography.
In 1837, Charles Dickens, Jr was born on 6 January, the first child of the English novelist Charles Dickens and his then-wife Catherine Dickens née Hogarth. He was called "Charley" by family and friends. In 1847, aged 10, he entered the junior department of King's College, London. He went to Eton College, and studied business in Germany. In 1855, aged 18, he entered Barings Bank. In 1858, after his parents' separation, he was the only child to live with his mother.
In 1861 he married Bessie Evans (Elisabeth Matilda Moule Evans, daughter of Frederick Evans, his father's former publisher with whom he had had a falling out). They had 8 children:
In 1866 he was appointed as the first Honorary Secretary of the Metropolitan Regatta In 1869, aged 32, after a failed business venture, he was hired by Dickens Sr as sub-editor of "All the Year Round". In 1870, after his father's death, Dickens Jr inherited the magazine and became its editor. At this time he also bought at auction Gads Hill Place, his father's Kent home, but he was forced to give it up in 1879 because of his own ill-health.
He wrote the introductions to many posthumous reprints of his father's books, such as "Barnaby Rudge" and "Little Dorrit", providing biographical and bibliographical insights.
In 1879 he published (jointly with his father-in-law) the first editions of his two main dictionaries, "Dickens's Dictionary of London" and "Dickens's Dictionary of the Thames". In 1882 his dictionaries were picked up by Macmillan & Co. who also released his third dictionary, "Dickens's Dictionary of Paris", delayed by verifications explained in its introduction.
Charles Dickens Jr died of leukemia in 1896, aged 59. He was buried on the same day as his younger sister Mary Dickens.
Bibliography.
His publications include:
Dickens's Dictionary of London.
"Dickens's Dictionary of London: An Unconventional Handbook" is the main book of Charles Dickens, Jr. It was first published in London in 1879, by "Charles Dickens and Evans" (Dickens Jr and his father-in-law, publisher Frederick Evans).
The book was then updated and reprinted every year until the author's death, from 1880 (second year) to the final 1896–1897 edition (eighteenth year). His dictionaries had been picked up in 1882 by Macmillan & Co. who printed them until 1889, after which it was again published by Dickens and Evans through J. Smith.
In 1972, a facsimile of the 1879 edition was reprinted by Howard Baker Press (London), under the title "Dickens's Dictionary of London, 1879: An Unconventional Handbook", ISBN 0-7030-0018-7.
Since 1993, a facsimile of the 1888 edition is reprinted by Old House Books (Devon), under the title "Dickens's Dictionary of London, 1888: An Unconventional Handbook", ISBN 1-873590-04-0 (it is unclear whether the 1888 edition was chosen for its connection with the year of Jack the Ripper, or if the later editions were considered inferior). The book was still in print .
Dickens's Dictionary of the Thames.
"Dickens's Dictionary of the Thames, From Oxford to the Nore: An Unconventional Handbook" is the second book of Charles Dickens, Jr. The "1880" edition was first published in London in 1879, by "Charles Dickens and Evans" (Dickens Jr and his father-in-law, publisher Frederick Evans). The next 1880 edition and further were slightly retitled to "Dickens's Dictionary of the Thames, From Its Source to the Nore: An Unconventional Handbook".
The book was then updated and reprinted every year until the author's death, from 1880 to the final 1896 edition. His dictionaries had been picked up in 1882 by Macmillan & Co. who printed them until 1889, after which it was again published by Dickens and Evans through J. Smith.
In 1972, a facsimile of the 1893 edition was reprinted by Taurus Press (Oxford), under the title "Dickens's Dictionary of the Thames, 1893: An Unconventional Handbook With Maps", ISBN 0-903456-00-1.
Since 1994, a facsimile of the 1887 edition is reprinted by Old House Books (Devon), under the title "Dickens's Dictionary of the Thames, 1887: An Unconventional Handbook", ISBN 1-873590-12-1(it is unclear whether the 1887 edition was chosen for its close connection with the year of Jack the Ripper, or if the later editions were considered inferior). The book was still in print .

</doc>
<doc id="2915557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915557" title="Aloys Pennarini">
Aloys Pennarini

Aloys Pennarini, also spelled Alois Pennarini, was born Aloys Federler on June 27, 1870 in Vienna, Austria-Hungary. Died June 23, 1927 Liberec, Czechoslovakia. He was an opera singer (tenor), opera director and film actor.
Singing career.
Tour to London Covent Garden Opera, Amsterdam and Haag, also Philadelphia, USA, Chestnut Street Opera House
His Tenor voice on record ODEON-Platten (Hamburg) 1905-1908
Teachers: Joseph Gansbacher, Johannes Ress in Vienna.
Acting career.
Performed in the silent film, "Banditen"
Berlin, Germany
Date: 1920 1921 
Directed by: Max Agerty
Actors: Alois Pennarini as Santanello - head of the bandits, Karl Gepper,Vera Schreiber,
Erner Hübsch, Harry Ensor, Melitta Klefer, Werner Stein, Emil Stammer, Juana del Soto,
Anneliese Körner
Production: Singing film GmbH, Berlin
Performed in the silent film, “Heinrich Heines Erste Liebe”
Hamburg, Germany 
Date: January 25, 1922
Directed by: Eva Christa
Actors: Margarete Lanner, Vera Nordegg, Peter Kreuder, Alois Pennarini as Heinrich Heine. 
Production: Vera Filmwerke AG, Hamburg
Performed in the silent film, “Mabel Und Ihre Freier”
Hamburg, Germany 
Date: August 26, 1922
Directed by: Eva Christa
Actors: Mabel Und Ihre Freier, Emil von Dollen, Alois Pennarini as a Chamber singer,
Arnold Risch, Phylax Luedecke, Friedrich Kurth, Vera Nordegg, Aida Montes, Peter Kreuder,
Wilhelmine They
Production: Vera Filmwerke AG, Hamburg
Alois Pennarini was once married to the soprano Ella Appelt
Married Clary Antoniette Nisser on May 19, 1909 
and had four children: Heinz, Toni-Juliana, Isolde and Mathias

</doc>
<doc id="2915558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915558" title="Mount Wrangell">
Mount Wrangell

Mount Wrangell is a massive shield volcano located in Wrangell-St. Elias National Park and Preserve in southeastern Alaska, United States. The shield rises over above the Copper River to its southwest. Its volume is over , making it more than twice as massive as Mount Shasta in California, the largest stratovolcano by volume in the Cascades. It is part of the Wrangell volcanic field, which extends for more than 250 km across Southcentral Alaska into the Yukon Territory, and has an eruptive history spanning the time from Pleistocene to Holocene.
Description.
Modern Mount Wrangell, built upon the remnants of a mid-Pleistocene volcano, has an eruptive history spanning from 750,000 years ago to minor phreatic eruptions in 1884. The shield volcano features an ice-filled caldera in diameter at the top of Wrangell's broad summit. The caldera was apparently formed by subsidence rather than large explosive eruptions. The caldera is in turn rimmed by three small craters, which often display fumarolic activity with steam plumes that can sometimes be seen from a distance. The main summit is on the north side of the caldera, while the west summit rises to . The summit region above in elevation is over in size. A very large cinder cone, Mount Zanetti, rises nearly above the northwest flank of Wrangell and is the source of some lava flows. 
Wrangell is unusual in that despite being a shield volcano, it is made mainly of andesite rather than basalt, which forms most shield volcanoes in other parts of the world. A few other volcanoes in the Wrangell Volcanic Field also share this feature. Andesite is a volcanic rock found mainly in stratovolcanoes and tends to form short, stubby flows. How Wrangell grew into a shield volcano is poorly understood, but its lava flows appear to have been voluminous and were also probably generated by high eruption rates.
Mount Wrangell is almost entirely covered by an icefield that persists from year to year. The largest glacier on Wrangell is Nabesna Glacier, the source of the Nabesna River. Other glaciers on Mount Wrangell include Cheshnina Glacier, Chetaslina Glacier, Chichokna Glacier, Dadina Glacier and Copper Glacier.
Wrangell was the first high volcano in the Wrangell range to be climbed. Its summit can be visited by ski-equipped airplane.
Naming.
Mount Wrangell was named after Russian Admiral Ferdinand von Wrangel (or Wrangell), governor of Russian America from 1830 to 1836. The Ahtna people call it K'elt'aeni, "the one who controls the weather," with the alternate name Uk'eledi, "the one with smoke on it" when it is active. On some pre-1900 maps Wrangell was labeled as Mount Tillman.
Volcanic activity.
Wrangell is the only volcano in the Wrangell Volcanic Field to have had historically recorded eruptions, generally in the form of small steam and ash explosions. Reports of activity have been recorded in 1784 and 1884–85. The 1784 eruption and another stated to have occurred in 1760 are disputed. The 1884-85 eruption was reported by local prospector Jon Bremner. An 1890 report mention a visible glow. Wrangell also occasionally emits ash, which can be seen coating the summit snow. The bulk of the mountain was built by large lava flows from 600,000 to 200,000 years ago. The summit caldera is believed to have collapsed within the last 200,000 years, and may have collapsed 50,000 years ago. Mount Zanetti is about 25,000 years old.
The amount of geothermal heat being emitted by Wrangell increased from the 1950s to the 1980s, raising the possibility of a future eruption. The heat flux was high enough to melt ice around the craters and create ice caves and small lakes in the north crater, with about 100 million cubic meters of ice melted by 1986. Since then heat output has decreased and ice has accumulated.

</doc>
<doc id="2915563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915563" title="Entamoebidae">
Entamoebidae

Entamoebidae is a family of Archamoebae.
It includes "Entamoeba" and "Endolimax".

</doc>
<doc id="2915575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915575" title="Ariane Mnouchkine">
Ariane Mnouchkine

Ariane Mnouchkine (born 1939) is a French stage director. She founded the Parisian avant-garde stage ensemble "Théâtre du Soleil" in 1964. She has written and directed "1789" (1974) and "Molière" (1978), and in 1989, she directed "La Nuit Miraculeuse". She holds a Chair of Artistic Creation at the Collège de France an Honorary Degree in Performing Arts from the University of Rome III, awarded in 2005 [http://www.uniroma3.it/page.php?page=arianemnouchkine and an Honorary Doctor of Letters from the University of Oxford, awarded 18 June 2008 [http://www.ox.ac.uk/gazette/2007-8/supps/1_4850.htm#3Ref].
Biography.
Ariane Mnouchkine is the daughter of Russian film producer Alexandre Mnouchkine and Jane Hannen. She is the maternal granddaughter of British stage actor Nicholas "Beau" Hannen. Ariane is the namesake of the production company "Ariane Films" that was founded by her father.
Mnouchkine attended University in England and studied psychology before returning to her roots in theatre. She continued theatre studies at L'École Internationale de Théâtre Jacques Lecoq where in 1964 she founded Théâtre du Soleil (Theatre of the Sun) with her fellow students. The theatre collective still continues to create social and political critiques of local and world cultures.
Mnouchkine is a strong influence in modern theatre and is quoted for saying "I am in the present and only the present matters to me" on a regular basis.
Mnouchkine is a strong believer in the collaborative process of theatre. She builds her work with her company "Théâtre du Soleil " and has been quoted as saying "the director has already achieved the greatest degree of power he has ever had in history. And our aim is to move beyond that situation by creating a form of theatre where it will be possible for everyone to collaborate without there being directors, technicians, and so on, in the old sense." She and her company develop their works using many techniques. Sometimes, the troupe develops ideas out of improvisational exercises. They also incorporate multiple styles of theatre in their work - ranging from commedia dell'arte to various Asian rituals.
"Théâtre du Soleil's" productions are often performed in found spaces like barns or gymnasiums because Mnouchkine does not like being confined to a typical stage. Similarly, she feels theatre cannot be restricted with the "fourth wall". When audiences enter a Mnouchkine production, they will often find the actors preparing (putting on makeup, getting into costume) right before their eyes.
Mnouchkine has developed her own works, like the political-themed "1789", as well as numerous classical texts, like Molière's "Don Juan" or "Tartuffe". Between 1981 and 1984, she translated and directed a series of William Shakespeare plays: "Richard II", "Twelfth Night", and "Henry IV, Part 1". While she developed the shows one at a time, when she finished "Henry IV", she toured the three together as a cycle of plays. Similarly, she developed "Iphigenia" by Euripides and the "Oresteia" ("Agamemnon", "Choephori", and "The Eumenides") between 1990 and 1992.
While mainly a stage director, Ariane has been involved in a few movies. Her movie "1789" filmed from the live production), which dealt with the French Revolution, brought her international fame in 1974. In 1978 she wrote and directed "Molière", a biography of the famous French playwright for which she received an Oscar nomination. She has also collaborated with Hélène Cixous on a number of projects including "La Nuit miraculeuse" and "Tambours sur la digue", two made-for-television movies in 1989 and 2003 respectively. She also has writing credit for "L'Homme de Rio" ("The Man From Rio"), 1964.
In 1987 she was the first recipient of the Europe Theatre Prize.
On 26 May 2009 it was pronounced at an arrangement at the Ibsen Museum in Oslo by the leader of the committee, actress Liv Ullmann, that Ariane Mnouchkine was this year's winner of the International Ibsen Award. The prize will be given to her at a ceremony at the National Theatre in Oslo on 10 September 2009. Mnouchkine received the Goethe Medal in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="2915591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915591" title="Morioka Station">
Morioka Station

History.
The station was opened on November 1, 1890, by Japan's first private railway company, Nippon Tetsudō.

</doc>
<doc id="2915593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915593" title="James Mather">
James Mather

James Mather (c. 1750 in England – 1821 in St. James Parish, Louisiana) was mayor of New Orleans from March 9, 1807 to October 8, 1812.
His place of birth is variously given as Coupland in Northumberland; or London. A merchant by trade, he moved to America in 1776, and by 1780 he was working in New Orleans, contracting with the Spanish Government to operate two vessels out of the port and importing articles required in the trade with the Indians of Louisiana and West Florida.
Mather & his descendents owned a large sugar plantation in Lutcher, Louisiana until 1879.
He was appointed mayor of New Orleans by William C.C. Claiborne, governor of the Louisiana Territory. Almost as soon as became mayor, he was obliged to take measures to defend the city against the possibility of a conspiracy by the friends of Aaron Burr, which, however, did not eventuate. In November 1809, through similar measures, he is credited with averting an insurrection of the black population.
Mather attempted to establish a viable police force for the city, but failed. He succeeded, however, in creating a tolerably efficient fire department.
The last years of his administration saw him under fire for being under the influence of certain individuals, for failing to protect the city's interests by vetoing the resolutions of the city council, and for hiring people to write anonymous letters attacking his enemies and paying them with public funds: whether any of this was true has proved impossible to determine. In 1812, however, he had had enough, and resigned. He retired to his son's property on the Acadian Coast of Louisiana, where he died in 1821.

</doc>
<doc id="2915605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915605" title="Eduard Toll">
Eduard Toll

Eduard Gustav von Toll was a Baltic German geologist and Arctic explorer in Russian service. Often referred to as Baron von Toll or as Eduard v. Toll, in Russia he is known as Eduard Vasiliyevich Toll (). Eduard Toll was born on , in Reval (now Tallinn, Estonia) and he died in 1902 in an unknown location in the Arctic Ocean. He belonged to a noble family of Baltic German origin and was married to Baroness Emmy von Toll.
Eduard Toll graduated from the University of Dorpat (Tartu) as a zoologist in 1882. Already while he was a student he traveled to the Mediterranean and researched the fauna, flora and geology of Algeria and the Balearic Islands.
Expeditions and surveys.
In 1885-1886 Toll took part in an expedition to the New Siberian Islands, organized by the St. Petersburg Academy of Sciences and led by Alexander Bunge. Eduard Toll explored the Great Lyakhovsky Island, Bunge Land, Faddeyevsky Island, Kotelny Island, as well as the western shores of the New Siberia Island. In 1886 Toll thought that he had seen an unknown land north of Kotelny. He guessed that this was the so-called "Zemlya Sannikova" (Sannikov Land), a land that Yakov Sannikov and Matvei Gedenschtrom claimed to have seen during their 1808-1810 expedition, but whose existence had never been proved. 
Eduard Toll was among the first to report in detail about the abundance of Pleistocene fossils found within Bolshoy Lyakhovsky Island, one of the New Siberian Islands. Under a peat composed of water mosses covering what he described as "perpetual ice", now known to be permafrost, Baron von Toll found fragments of willow and the bones of post-Neogene mammals, like the shoulder-bone of a saber-toothed tiger. He also reported having found in a frozen, sandy clay layer and lying on its side, a complete tree of "Alnus fruticosa" 15 to 20 ft (4.5 to 6 m) in length, including roots, with leaves and cones adhering. Unfortunately, his reports have been frequently either misrepresented or badly garbled by popular accounts of his findings, stating it to be a plum tree of a different size. The Academy appreciated the results of this expedition as "a true geographical deed".
In 1893 Toll led an expedition of the Petersburg Academy of Sciences to the northern parts of Yakutia and explored the region between the lower reaches of the Lena and Khatanga Rivers. Eduard Toll became the first to map the plateau between the Anabar and Popigay Rivers and a mountain ridge between the Olenek and Anabar Rivers (which he named after Vasily Pronchischev). He also carried out geological surveys in the basins of the following rivers: Yana, Indigirka, and Kolyma. During one year and two days the expedition covered 25,000 km, of which 4,200 km were up the rivers, carrying out geodesic surveys en route. Owing to the difficulties of the expedition and his hard work, the Russian Academy of Sciences awarded Eduard v. Toll with the N.M. Przhevalsky Large Silver Medal.
In 1899 Toll took part in a voyage of the icebreaker "Yermak" under the command of Stepan Makarov to the shores of Spitsbergen.
Toll's last venture: The Russian Polar Expedition, 1900-1903.
In 1900-1902, Eduard Toll headed an expedition of the Petersburg Academy of Sciences to the New Siberian Islands, The Russian Polar Expedition, on ship "Zarya" (Заря). The main aim of the expedition was to find the legendary Sannikov Land. During this voyage and especially during the winterings near the northwestern part of the Taymyr Peninsula and western part of the Kotelny Island, Eduard Toll conducted an extensive hydrographical, geographical, and geological research. 
Due to severe ice conditions the expedition was forced to spend two winters in the region of the bleak New Siberian Archipelago. In the end, Eduard von Toll traveled to Bennett Island by sledge and kayak along with three expedition members. 
Ship "Zarya" attempted to reach Bennett Island to evacuate Toll's party but was unable to do so because of severe ice conditions. Apparently, Toll made a decision to go south to the continent but no further traces of the four men have ever been found. 
Two search parties were dispatched in the spring 1903. One of them, under engineer Mikhail Brusnev, searched the shores of the New Siberian Islands and the other, naval commander Aleksandr Kolchak traveled by whaleboat to Bennet Island. They did not find the lost explorers but they found the diaries and the collections of the Zarya expedition, which shed light on the tragic fate of Baron Eduard von Toll and his companions.
Posthumous Honors.
The name of Eduard von Toll remained on the geographical maps Fridtjof Nansen published. He named the Bay at the north-west coast of the Taymyr Peninsula in honour of Eduard von Toll. There is also the Tollievaya River, a cape on the Tsirkul Island in the Minina Skerries, mountains in Novaya Zemlya, the northernmost cape at Stolbovoy Island, the strait and a plateau at Kotelny Island and the central ice cap at Bennett Island.
In certain fields, like paleontology, zoology and botany many specimens of fauna and flora are named after Baron Eduard von Toll, like for example the foraminiferan named "Dendrophyra tolli" (Awerinzew, 1911).
Baron Toll was an expert in Siberian palaeontology. The following statement of Russian Academician V. A. Obruchev is well-known: ""In all our guides on physical geography you can encounter the name of Eduard v. Toll as the founder of the doctrine of fossilized ice formation – the doctrine which became a classic one"."

</doc>
<doc id="2915612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915612" title="Frank Boeijen">
Frank Boeijen

Frank Boeijen (born 27 November 1957 in Nijmegen) is a Dutch singer and guitarist. His best known songs are "Kronenburg Park (Ga die Wereld Uit)" about a prostitute, "Zwart Wit" about the racial murder of Kerwin Duinmeijer in Amsterdam and "Twee gezichten" about a split personality. Having been in the music business for 25 years, he received the Edison award for his career achievements in 2005.
Biography.
Boeijen released his first album in 1979, a joint effort with Wout Pennings produced by singer Rob de Nijs. From 1980 onwards he fronted the Frank Boeijen Groep; they released their self-titled debut album in 1981 to critical acclaim ("OOR" magazine was impressed by Boeijen's Herman van Veen-like voice). The breakthrough came in 1983 with the album "1001 Hotel", featuring the Motown-inspired singles "Het antwoord" en "Linda"; the latter reached top 10. 1984 began with the release of "Zwart Wit", originally intended to chronicle a white Romeo/black Juliet-relationship it became a statement against the racist murder of Kerwin Duinmeijer. 1985's "Foto van een mooie dag" had "Kronenburg Park" as its second single, assisted by the voices of R&B girl group Mai Tai. It wasn't the first time that Boeijen sang about a prostitute, as the debut album's "Transport uit Bangkok" portrayed a girl whose name translates as "Goldflower" (Dutch: ""Gouden Bloem""). "Kronenburg Park" was also released in English as "Round Midnight" with lyrics penned by Golden Earring-frontman Barry Hay (""You've always been the mistress of bad luck, making love for another lousy buck""). 1986 proved to be a turnaround year for the band; they gradually moved away from the pompous sound that dominated the last three albums and traded the club circuit for theatres, thus becoming pioneers. In 1990 the ten-year-anniversary was celebrated by releasing the live-retrospective "Hier komt de storm" (plus a few new studio-tracks including the Dylan-tribute "Robert Zimmerman") and staging a major tour. This was to be their last and by mid-1991 Frank Boeijen Groep disbanded. Boeijen is a solo-artist since doing successful tours in both the Netherlands and Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="2915617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915617" title="Pure fusion weapon">
Pure fusion weapon

A pure fusion weapon is a hypothetical hydrogen bomb design that does not need a fission "primary" explosive to ignite the fusion of deuterium and tritium, two heavy isotopes of hydrogen (see thermonuclear weapon for more information about fission-fusion weapons). Such a weapon would require no fissile material and would therefore be much easier to build in secret than existing weapons. The necessity of separating high-quality fissile material requires a substantial industrial investment, and blocking the sale and transfer of the needed machinery has been the primary mechanism to control nuclear proliferation to date.
For many years, nuclear weapon designers have researched whether it is possible to create high enough temperatures and pressures inside a confined space to fuse together deuterium and tritium for the purposes of developing such a weapon. Pure fusion weapons offer the possibility of generating very small nuclear yields and the advantage of reduced collateral damage stemming from fallout because these weapons would not create the highly radioactive byproducts associated with fission-type weapons. These weapons would be lethal not only because of their explosive force, which could be large compared to bombs based on chemical explosives, but also because of the neutrons they generate. The neutrons may cause substantially more casualties than the explosive blast, as in a neutron bomb.
Despite the many millions of dollars spent by the U.S. between 1952 and 1992 to produce a pure fusion weapon, no measurable success was ever achieved. In 1998, the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) released a restricted data declassification decision stating that even if the DOE made a substantial investment in the past to develop a pure fusion weapon, ""the U.S. Is not known to have and is not developing a pure fusion weapon and no credible design for a pure fusion weapon resulted from the DOE investment"". The power densities needed to ignite a fusion reaction still seem attainable only with the aid of a fission explosion, or with large apparatus such as powerful lasers like those at the National Ignition Facility, the Sandia Z-pinch machine, or various magnetic tokamaks. Regardless of any claimed advantages of pure fusion weapons, building those weapons does not appear to be feasible using currently available technologies and many have expressed concern that pure fusion weapons research and development would subvert the intent of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty.
It has been claimed that it is possible to conceive of a crude, deliverable, pure fusion weapon, using only current day, unclassified technology. The weapon design weighs approximately 3 tonnes, and might have a total yield of approximately 3 tonnes of TNT. The proposed design uses a large explosively pumped flux compression generator to produce the high power density required to ignite the fusion fuel. From the point of view of explosive damage, such a weapon would have no clear advantages over a conventional explosive, but the massive neutron flux could deliver a lethal dose of radiation to humans within a 500m radius (most of those fatalities would occur over a period of months, rather than immediately).
Some researchers have examined the use of antimatter as an alternative fusion trigger, mainly in the context of antimatter-catalyzed nuclear pulse propulsion. Such a system, in a weapons context, would have many of the desired properties of a pure fusion weapon. However, the technical barriers to producing and containing the required quantities of antimatter appear formidable, well beyond present capabilities. Induced gamma emission is another approach that is currently being researched. Very high energy-density chemicals such as the mythical red mercury, various ballotechnics and others have also been suggested as a means of triggering a pure fusion weapon.

</doc>
<doc id="2915627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915627" title="Space Assassin">
Space Assassin

Space Assassin is a single-player roleplaying gamebook written by Andrew Chapman, illustrated by Geoffrey Senior and originally published in 1985 by Puffin Books. It forms part of Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone's Fighting Fantasy series. It is the 12th in the series in the original Puffin series (ISBN 0-14-031861-5). There are currently no announced plans to republish this book as part of the modern Wizard series.
Story.
"Space Assassin" is the second Fighting Fantasy book in the science fiction genre, the first being "Starship Traveller". The book places the player on the starship "Vandervecken", where a crazed scientist named Cyrus plans to unleash a hideous experiment upon the player's homeworld.
The player must make their way through the labyrinthine "Vandervecken", overcoming robots, mutants and other dangerous foes until they finally confronts the scientist. If the player manages to defeat him the planet will be saved and the game will end successfully.

</doc>
<doc id="2915637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915637" title="Kofax">
Kofax

Kofax Limited (NASDAQ and LSE: KFX) ) is a software provider based in Irvine, California. It produces applications that simplify information-intensive customer interactions. Kofax software provides image capture, process management and analytics capabilities that enable organizations to accept customer communications through multiple input paths such as by paper, fax or email.
Kofax software and solutions are used by more than 20,000 customers in banking, insurance, government, healthcare, business process outsourcing and other markets. Kofax delivers these through its own sales and service organization, and a global network of more than 800 authorized partners in more than 75 countries throughout the Americas, EMEA and Asia Pacific. Kofax is a publicly traded company, listed on the NASDAQ and the London Stock Exchange. 
History.
The company was founded in 1985 and was acquired by Dicom Group in 1999. It floated in the Alternative Investment Market in 1996 and was first listed on the London Stock Exchange in 1997. In January 2008, the parent company (formerly known as Dicom Group), changed its name to Kofax as part of a branding initiative. In May 2011 Kofax acquired Atalasoft Inc., a small software firm known primarily for its dotImage imaging toolkit, and in December 2011, Kofax acquired Singularity Limited, a provider of business process management (BPM) and case management software. In July 2013, Kofax acquired Kapow Software, a leading data integration software provider, and in December 2013, Kofax was first listed on the NASDAQ.
The First Mile.
The “First Mile” is a trademark of Kofax and is a core element of the Kofax vision and tagline “To Make the First Mile™ of Business Smarter.” First Mile describes the initial information-intensive interactions customers have with an organization, such as loan applications, claims submissions, and new account openings, and the challenge of interacting with a business via multiple devices and methods of communication. These interactions can be time consuming, slow, and prone to error and can adversely affect a customer’s perception of a business, particularly during the initial stages of a transaction.
The company claims to make the “First Mile” of customer interactions better by providing software and technology applications, but its not, – document capture, process management, dynamic case management, mobile applications and analytics software – that enable a business to provide an improved user experience by connecting an organization’s system of record (e.g., ERP, CRM and LOB systems) with its systems of engagement (e.g., email, fax, web portals, mobile devices).
History.
Kofax established the First Mile trademark in 2013. It was created as part of the company’s strategy to provide “smart process applications”, an emerging category of application software defined by independent technology and market research company Forrester Research as a “new generation of packaged applications focused on human-centered business activities that are collaborative in nature, loosely structured, and subject to change yet are critical to the successful operation of any business or government enterprise.”

</doc>
<doc id="2915655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915655" title="Tomasz Winnicki">
Tomasz Winnicki

Tomasz Winnicki (born November 17, 1975) is a Polish-Canadian white supremacist based in London, Ontario. He was the subject of complaints before the Canadian Human Rights Tribunal for his activities, and has also faced criminal charges on weapons offences. In July 2006, he was sentenced to nine months in prison for violating a Federal Court injunction barring him from posting hateful material on the Internet. In 2010, he ran unsuccessfully in the London mayoral election, garnering around 0.2% of the municipal vote.
Background.
Winnicki and his family immigrated to Italy from Poland in 1985, before immigrating to Canada in 1987.
Internet activities and legal proceedings.
Winnicki is a prolific poster on Alex Linder's Vanguard News Network web forum. Winnicki had previously posted using the username "Thexder_3D", but later opted to post using his real name, after having been publicly identified. As a result of his online writings, Ottawa human rights lawyer Richard Warman filed a federal human rights complaint against Winnicki. Winnicki was the subject of hearings before the Canadian Human Rights Tribunal in August and October 2005, with closing arguments heard on December 12, 2005. Winnicki faced the possibility of a permanent cease and desist order, a penalty of up to $10,000 and damages of up to $60,000 for naming the complainant personally in the discriminatory material and attempting to retaliate against him for having filed the complaint.
The Federal Court of Canada issued an injunction against Winnicki on October 4, 2005, enjoining him from posting hate propaganda until the Canadian Human Rights Tribunal issues a decision in the case against him. The judge said: "Having looked at these messages in their entirety and in context, I have no doubt that they are likely to expose persons of the Jewish faith to hatred or contempt, as these concepts have been defined in Nealy, supra, and approved in Taylor, supra. And the same can be said of the messages which target persons of the black race. They are undoubtedly as vile as one can imagine and are not only discriminatory but threatening to the victims they target." He concluded by saying, "I have no hesitation in holding that the words complained of are so manifestly contrary to the letter and the spirit of s. 13 of the CHRA that any finding to the contrary would be considered highly suspect."
Winnicki was also the subject of contempt of court proceedings in Ottawa before the Federal Court, as he was alleged to have broken the injunction by continuing to post hate to the Internet.
In July 2006, Winnicki was sentenced to nine months' imprisonment by the Federal Court of Canada for disregarding the court order and continuing to spread "the unrelenting message of hatred" over the internet. Winnicki faced a second contempt for continuing to violate the Canadian Human Rights Tribunal's permanent cease and desist order of April 2006. After spending less than three months in jail, Winnicki was released in the fall of 2006, pending his appeal of the nine-month sentence that was handed down in July 2006 for contempt of court. The appeal was heard on January 16, 2007. Winnicki was criticized by some other white supremacists for employing a Chinese-Canadian lawyer, Chi-Kun Shi, to defend him before the Canadian Human Rights Tribunal. 
In April 2006, the Tribunal released its ruling and fined Winnicki $6,000 for violating the Canadian Human Rights Act and ordered him to pay an additional $5,500 in damages to the complainant, Richard Warman. The Tribunal found that Winnnicki's internet postings were "vicious and dehumanizing" and ordered him to stop posting hateful messages on the internet.
Protests.
In addition to his online activities, Winnicki has attended a number of political protests in London, Ontario, where he resides with his mother, and in other cities. In September 2004, Winnicki and three others were stopped by the police as they were driving to a Toronto rally in support of Holocaust denier Ernst Zündel. He was charged with carrying a concealed weapon, possessing weapons at a public meeting, and possession of a weapon for a dangerous purpose, after police found throwing knives, a bow and arrows, and body armour in his vehicle. Winnicki pleaded guilty to weapons charges on November 23, 2006, receiving a conditional discharge with 6 months of probation.
2010 mayoral candidacy.
In October 2010, Winnicki stood as an independent in the London mayoral election. The election was ultimately won by Liberal Party member Joe Fontana, who received 47.2% of the votes cast; Winnicki gained around 0.2% of the vote.

</doc>
<doc id="2915659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915659" title="Dirk Henn">
Dirk Henn

Dirk Henn (1960–) is a German-style board game designer who was born in Bendorf, Germany
Dirk Henn is best known for his game Alhambra, which won the Spiel des Jahres and placed 2nd in the Deutscher Spiele Preis in 2003. 

</doc>
<doc id="2915668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915668" title="Striped beakfish">
Striped beakfish

Oplegnathus fasciatus, the barred knifejaw or striped beakfish, is a species of knifejaw native to the northwestern Pacific Ocean though there area a smattering of records from other localities in the eastern Pacific such as Hawaii and Chile. It is an inhabitant of rocky reefs and occurs at depths of from . Juvenile members of this species can be found with patches of drifting seaweed. This species can reach a length of TL with the greatest recorded weight for this species of . The color pattern consists of light and dark vertical bars from which it derives its name. It has been recorded as feeding on hard-shelled invertebrates suck as crustaceans and molluscs. It is a commercially important species and is also farmed. It is also sought after as a game fish.
A striped beakfish is the surviving specimen of five striped beakfish that endured more than two years in the partially submerged hull of the Japanese boat "Sai-shou-maru".

</doc>
<doc id="2915669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915669" title="Blackmore">
Blackmore

Blackmore is a village in Essex, England. It is located approximately 3 miles (5 km) east of Chipping Ongar and is 4 miles (7 km) north of Brentwood. The village is in the parish of Blackmore, Hook End and Wyatts Green in the borough of Brentwood and parliamentary constituency of Brentwood & Ongar.
History.
The village was recorded in the Domesday Book as 'Phingaria' which was a Latinised form of its original Anglo-Saxon name, Fingreth, meaning 'the stream of the people of Fin'. It is thought that the name Blackmore was introduced in the Middle Ages as a reference to 'Black Marsh' or 'Black Swamp'.
The Priory Church of St Laurence church marks the site of a former Augustinian Priory, dissolved during the reign of Henry VIII in 1525. The church is the original building (but without the chancel which was destroyed at the time of dissolution) and is now the parish church and features one of the last remaining all wooden steeples (currently inhabited by a community of bats) in England. The site still shows signs of the original moat. The village itself is believed to have migrated to a location closer to the chapel of the Priory from around Fingrith Hall during the mediaeval period.
Jericho Priory, on the site adjacent to the church and still within the moated area, was built in the 18th Century on the site of an earlier 16th Century building which was believed to be the country retreat of Henry VIII and where, in 1520, his 'natural son', Henry Fitzroy, Duke of Richmond, was born.
Other old buildings in the village include the 15th-16th Century Bull Inn, a traditional Essex timber-framed house, and Fingreth Hall, in the north of the parish, where Sir Walter Mildmay, Chancellor of the Exchequer during the Elizabethan era lived.
Society and leisure.
The village is surrounded by countryside and has been named Essex best kept village of the year, for 1982, 1984, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2001, 2003 and Essex Village of the Year 1997. The village green has a small pond at its eastern end. To the east of the village itself is a cottage which was built in 1345.
There is a village shop, the primary school, two village halls, a sports and social club, football and cricket pitches, a sport arena used for football, netball and hockey. Blackmore Tennis Club is also situated next to the arena. The village has three pubs: The Prince Albert, The Bull, and The Leather Bottle. There are many societies and clubs, such as Women's Institute, Scouts, amateur dramatics, sports and fitness clubs, and a croquet club. There are a number of football teams in Blackmore, including Spartak Blackmore F.C. & Infield F.C. Infield F.C. also known as 'The Wasps' are an adult side who play at the Sports & Social Club.
The village has two churches: the Anglican Priory Church of St Laurence, part of which date back to the 12th century and which has a timber tower dating back to 1400; and Blackmore Baptist Church.
Transport.
The village is close to the Chelmsford Road, part of the A414, to the A12 and the M11 and M25 motorways; it has good rail links to London from Brentwood, which is four miles away. The 261 bus route connects the village to Brentwood. The 32 bus route also goes through the village connecting it to Ongar and Chelmsford.
A new service 339 operates from Blackmore to Ongar, Brentwood and Warley every hour on Mondays to Fridays.

</doc>
<doc id="2915672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915672" title="Newport, New Jersey">
Newport, New Jersey

Newport is an unincorporated community within Downe Township in Cumberland County, New Jersey, United States. The area is served as United States Postal Service ZIP code 08345.
As of the 2000 United States Census, the population for ZIP Code Tabulation Area 08345 was 834.
Newport is a very rural community, or village, with colonial, craftsman, and Victorian style homes. Route 553 is the main road that runs through Newport. Many coastal roads (mostly dirt) were once used for the transportation of salt hay or Saltmeadow Cordgrass. Salt hay marshes serve as pollution filters and as buffers against flooding and shoreline erosion. It was harvested for bedding and fodder for farm animals and for garden mulch. 
Two journals written by Erma Moncrief were utilized in the formation of a book titled "Erma's Newport Journal" with help from longtime resident Emily Stites. Stites died before the journals became the final copy. The book was completed by notable resident Emma Allen, in 2006, and was sold for $10.00. The library at Downe Township Elementary has a copy of the book.
There are two churches in the community of Newport; Newport Baptist, and Newport Methodist. Barnett's gas station and Newport Deli are directly on Route 553. Wild Bill's Bait and Tackle Shop is on Baptist Road, and The Waterfront Cafe sits on the bank of the Nantuxent Creek at the dead end of Landing Road. The Sun Dog Marina is next to the Waterfront Cafe. The Delaware Bay can be navigated through the Nantuxent Creek from Sun Dog Marina.

</doc>
<doc id="2915674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915674" title="Jeremy Dale Roberts">
Jeremy Dale Roberts

Jeremy Dale Roberts (born 1934 in Gloucestershire) is an English composer.
His compositions have been performed worldwide at the Edinburgh and Aldeburgh Festivals, the Venice Biennale, the Diorama de Geneve, and the festivals of Avignon and Paris. They include 
After early contact with Ralph Vaughan Williams and Gerald Finzi, Dale Roberts studied with William Alwyn and Priaulx Rainier at the Royal Academy of Music, London. He retired as Head of Composition at the Royal College of Music, London in 1999, and was a Visiting Professor of Composition at the University of Iowa for the 1999-2000 academic year.
His compositions have received attention in the last decade in the context of a 70th-birthday portrait concert given at the Purcell Room in London by the ensemble Lontano in 2004, the release of an associated CD by the same group in early 2005, and most recently by the long-awaited release of a complete commercial recording of "Croquis" by NMC Recordings. One writer has described his style as 'a kind of ascetically sumptuous exoticism', and has further characterised Dale Roberts' music in terms of:
A recent review of the CD recording of "Croquis" noted: "Dale Roberts’s miniatures are brilliantly able to condense a familiar image, such as the reel or the fugue, and accumulate into a substantial, 54-minute statement."
Publisher: University of York Music Press

</doc>
<doc id="2915678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915678" title="Orbifold notation">
Orbifold notation

In geometry, orbifold notation (or orbifold signature) is a system, invented by William Thurston and popularized by the mathematician John Conway, for representing types of symmetry groups in two-dimensional spaces of constant curvature.
The advantage of the notation is that it describes these groups in a way which indicates many of the groups' properties: in particular, it describes the orbifold obtained by taking the quotient of Euclidean space by the group under consideration.
Groups representable in this notation include the point groups on the sphere (formula_1), the frieze groups and wallpaper groups of the Euclidean plane (formula_2), and their analogues on the hyperbolic plane (formula_3).
Definition of the notation.
The following types of Euclidean transformation can occur in a group described by orbifold notation:
All translations which occur are assumed to form a discrete subgroup of the group symmetries being described.
Each group is denoted in orbifold notation by a finite string made up from the following symbols:
A string written in boldface represents a group of symmetries of Euclidean 3-space. A string not written in boldface represents a group of symmetries of the Euclidean plane, which is assumed to contain two independent translations.
Each symbol corresponds to a distinct transformation:
Good orbifolds.
An orbifold symbol is called "good" if it is not one of the following: "p", "pq", *"p", *"pq", for p,q>=2, and p≠q.
Chirality and achirality.
An object is chiral if its symmetry group contains no reflections; otherwise it is called achiral. The corresponding orbifold is orientable in the chiral case and non-orientable otherwise.
The Euler characteristic and the order.
The Euler characteristic of an orbifold can be read from its Conway symbol, as follows. Each feature has a value:
Subtracting the sum of these values from 2 gives the Euler characteristic.
If the sum of the feature values is 2, the order is infinite, i.e., the notation represents a wallpaper group or a frieze group. Indeed, Conway's "Magic Theorem" indicates that the 17 wallpaper groups are exactly those with the sum of the feature values equal to 2. Otherwise, the order is 2 divided by the Euler characteristic.
Equal groups.
The following groups are isomorphic:
This is because 1-fold rotation is the "empty" rotation.
Two-dimensional groups.
The symmetry of a 2D object without translational symmetry can be described by the 3D symmetry type by adding a third dimension to the object which does not add or spoil symmetry. For example, for a 2D image we can consider a piece of carton with that image displayed on one side; the shape of the carton should be such that it does not spoil the symmetry, or it can be imagined to be infinite. Thus we have "n"• and *"n"•. The bullet (•) is added on one- and two-dimensional groups to imply the existence of a fixed point. (In three-dimensions these groups exist in an n-fold digonal orbifold and are represented as "nn" and *"nn".)
Similarly, a 1D image can be drawn horizontally on a piece of carton, with a provision to avoid additional symmetry with respect to the line of the image, e.g. by drawing a horizontal bar under the image. Thus the discrete symmetry groups in one dimension are *•, *1•, ∞• and *∞•.
Another way of constructing a 3D object from a 1D or 2D object for describing the symmetry is taking the Cartesian product of the object and an asymmetric 2D or 1D object, respectively.
Correspondence tables.
Hyperbolic plane.
A first few hyperbolic groups, ordered by their Euler characteristic are:
Mutations of orbifolds.
Orbifolds with the same structure can be mutated between different symmetry classes, including across curvature domains from spherical, to Euclidean to Hyperbolic. This table shows mutation classes. This table is not complete for possible hyperbolic orbifolds.

</doc>
<doc id="2915684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915684" title="USS Fechteler (DE-157)">
USS Fechteler (DE-157)

USS "Fechteler" (DE-157), a of the United States Navy, was named in honor of Augustus Fechteler, a Rear Admiral serving in the United States Navy during World War I.
"Fechteler" was launched on 22 April 1943 at the Norfolk Naval Shipyard; sponsored by Miss Joan S. Fechteler, granddaughter of Rear Admiral Fechteler and niece of Lieutenant Frank Casper Fechteler; and commissioned 1 July 1943, Lieutenant Commander C. R. Simmers in command.
Service history.
Between 8 September 1943 and 31 December, "Fechteler" made two voyages on the key convoy route New York–Netherlands West Indies–North Africa, escorting vulnerable tankers carrying fuel and other oil products essential to modern warfare. After overhaul at New York City, she took part in experimental antisubmarine exercises in Narragansett Bay, from which she sailed on 28 February 1944 for the Azores and Derry, Northern Ireland. Arriving on 6 March 1944, she joined the escort of a New York-bound convoy, reaching the United States on 22 March.
On 1 April 1944, "Fechteler" sailed from New York for Hampton Roads, Virginia, where she joined a convoy for Bizerte, arriving on 22 April after coming under heavy enemy air attack two days before. Homeward-bound, "Fechteler" was torpedoed by commanded by Albrecht Brandi on 5 May in the Western Mediterranean. As the ship began to break in two and sink, it was abandoned. Twenty-nine of the crew were killed and 26 wounded. and other ships of the convoy rescued 186 survivors.
Awards.
"Fechteler" received one battle star for World War II service.

</doc>
<doc id="2915691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915691" title="Childerditch">
Childerditch

Childerditch is a settlement and former parish (abolished 1934) in the borough of Brentwood, Essex. It forms part of the Warley borough council ward.

</doc>
<doc id="2915694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915694" title="Doddinghurst">
Doddinghurst

Doddinghurst is a village and civil parish in south Essex. It is 3 miles (5 km) to the north of Brentwood.
History.
The village was recorded in the Domesday Book as Doddenhenc, an Anglo-Saxon name meaning "the wood of Dudda or of his people". The modern form of the village name was established by the 13th century.
The Church, All Saints, and its associated Priest House are charming historical buildings, and are clearly visible on Church Lane. The Church has a 13th-century nave and south doorway with other aspects added or improved during the 15th and 17th centuries with a major restoration in 1886 including the rebuilding of the chancel. The Marriage Register in the church is dated back to 1755. The core of the priest House dates back to the 16th century although with 18th-century external features and a more modern western wing.
Durrant’s Handbook of Essex 1887 – produced in Chelmsford - (p91) refers to “Doddinghurst (often pronounced Dod’n’st)”
The village today.
The village is based around a pair of main roads, Doddinghurst Road (from Brentwood to Doddinghurst) and Church Lane (forming part of an overall road circling from Kelvedon Hatch which also runs through Hook End and Wyatts Green) intersecting at the north end of the village. The village's amenities include a pair of closely linked schools (Doddinghurst Infant School and Doddinghurst CofE Junior School), All Saints Church dating back to the 13th century, the Willow pub (formerly the Moat) and a village hall. There is a scout hut (for the 1st Doddinghurst Scout Troup) located towards the back of the playing fields in the north of the village.
There is a small group of shops near the village hall and church at the north end of the village (including a newsagent, a barber, a beauty salon, a pharmacy and an off-licence), while on Church Lane there is an estate agent, a ladieswear shop and a fish bar. Half a mile away (towards the geographical centre of the village), is a Post Office.
The Village Hall is opposite All Saints Church in Church Lane. Adjoining the Village Hall are the office and committee rooms of Doddinghurst Parish Council who manage the major amenities of the Village including all the recreational and play space, the Burial Ground at the rear of All Saints Church and Allotments. Behind the Village Hall in the north end of the village there is a large playing field (with a playground forming part of it), on which the village events are held, including the Doddinghurst Donkey Derby, which is held every two years in aid of six local charitable organizations and events such as the Village Fun Day organised and funded by the Parish Council. The Village Hall playing field, and a further field behind, are also home to the Doddinghurst Olympic Football Club.
The village has a doctors' surgery located on Outings Lane with four or five doctors and several nurses. The surgery also supports the surrounding villages. The village is set amongst pleasant fields and small deciduous woods, many of which are connected by a network of gently undulating footpaths. The River Wid runs through the village, along with a number of its tributaries.
Much of the village has been built or redeveloped from 1950 onward although it remains a largely rural community with much of the area given over to arable agriculture.
On 17 September 2007 Doddinghurst Parish Council received Quality Status under the UK’s Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (DEFRA) scheme designed to enhance the relationship between the local community and local governance. In November 2009 the Parish Council became eligible, and adopted, the Power of Well-Being which significantly improves its ability to spend money on matters benefitting either the social, or economic or environmental benefit of the community.
The village has significant areas of land for recreational use other than the playing field behind the Village Hall, including the Peartree Recreational Field (opposite the Post Office), while the junior school has a large field and woodland attached.

</doc>
<doc id="2915697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915697" title="Jak 2">
Jak 2

Jak 2 can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2915698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915698" title="Tanganda Tea">
Tanganda Tea

Tanganda Tea is the biggest grower and producer of tea and coffee in Zimbabwe and one of the biggest tea producers in Africa. It is one of the largest food companies in Africa, and forms part of the Meikles Group, a major Zimbabwean company which also owns hotels and department stores in southern Africa. 
Tanganda is based in Mutare (formerly Umtali) in the Eastern Highlands of Zimbabwe (formerly Rhodesia). The first tea bushes planted in Zimbabwe originated from a box of seeds smuggled out of India in 1924 by Mrs Florence Phillips, a tea-planter’s wife from Assam, and were planted near Chipinge. The success of the harvest encouraged the formation of a company, Ward and Phillips (Pty) Ltd, which owned New Year's Gift and Ratelshoek Estates near Chipinge, and which formed the nucleus of the Tanganda Tea company. The bulk of the company's tea is still grown around Chipinge, although the company now buys in substantial amounts of tea from small-scale independent growers.
Tanganda Tea is the best-selling brand of tea in Zimbabwe and central Africa. It exports bulk tea leaves to the rest of the world, and boasts that six out of every ten cups of tea drunk in Britain every day are brewed from a blend containing leaves from Tanganda’s estates. 

</doc>
<doc id="2915699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915699" title="Clomethiazole">
Clomethiazole

Clomethiazole (also called chlormethiazole) is a sedative and hypnotic originally developed by Hoffmann-La Roche in the 1930s. The drug is used in treating and preventing symptoms of acute alcohol withdrawal.
It is a drug which is structurally related to thiamine (vitamin B1) but acts like a sedative, hypnotic, muscle relaxant and anticonvulsant. It is also used for the management of agitation, restlessness, short-term insomnia and Parkinson's disease in the elderly. In the UK, it is sold under the brand Heminevrin (AstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals). Another brand name includes Nevrin in Romania, Distraneurin in Germany and Distraneurine in Spain. The drug is marketed either as a free base in an oily suspension containing 192 mg in capsule form, or as clomethiazole edisylate syrup.
Pharmacology.
Chlomethiazole acts as a positive allosteric modulator at the barbiturate/picrotoxin site of the GABAA receptor. It works to enhance the action of the neurotransmitter GABA at this receptor. GABA is the major inhibitory neurotransmitter in the brain and produces anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, sedative, and hypnotic effects. Chlomethiazole appears to also have another mechanism of action mediating some of its hypothermic and neuroprotective effects.
Adverse effects.
Long term and frequent use of chlomethiazole can cause tolerance and physical dependence. Abrupt withdrawal may result in symptoms similar to those of sudden withdrawal of alcohol or benzodiazepines.
Overdose.
Chlomethiazole is particularly toxic and dangerous in overdose and can be potentially fatal. Alcohol multiplies the effect. As the drug can be fatal in high doses, prescribing clomethiazole outside a controlled environment, like a hospital, is not recommended, especially because there are much less toxic alternatives, such as diazepam. Diazepam is one of many drugs belonging to the benzodiazepine class, with a long half-life (50–100 hours) and a very low risk of fatal overdose, as long as the patient does not consume alcohol or certain other types of medication.

</doc>
<doc id="2915702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915702" title="Teen Vogue">
Teen Vogue

Teen Vogue magazine began as a version of "Vogue" magazine for teenage girls. This U.S. magazine focuses on fashion and celebrities and offers information about the latest entertainment and feature stories on current issues and events.
Description.
The magazine is published in a smaller 6¾"x9" format, allowing it a unique cover size and more visibility on the front of a magazine selling shelf, and some flexibility getting into a digest size slot at checkout stands. The magazine also has an associated store concept called "The Haute Spot" based at The Westchester shopping center in Westchester, New York.
Content.
The magazine follows the basic tenets of teen magazines, although with a more glossy view which fits with the template of the "Vogue" style. The magazine also features more serious topics such as discussions about teen pregnancy.
Once a year, "Teen Vogue" hosts a party for their Young Hollywood issue in the fall. The Teen Vogue Young Hollywood party is often a heavily attended event in Los Angeles society.

</doc>
<doc id="2915703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915703" title="Land (1975–2002)">
Land (1975–2002)

Land is a two disc compilation album by Patti Smith, released on March 19, 2002, on Arista Records. "Land" contains a collection of recordings from her eight previous albums on the first disc, along with B-sides and unreleased songs on the second disc. The album ranked number eight in "Mojo"'s "Best Box Sets & Compilations of 2002". It is dedicated to the memory of Richard Sohl.
Track listing.
"Tomorrow" on Disc Two is unlisted.

</doc>
<doc id="2915706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915706" title="Hub dynamo">
Hub dynamo

A hub dynamo is a small electrical generator built into the hub of a bicycle wheel that is usually used to power lights. Note that the hub dynamo is (usually) not actually a dynamo, which creates DC, but a low-power magneto that creates AC. Most modern hub dynamos are regulated to 3 watts at 6 volts, although some will drive up to 6 watts at 12 volts.
Models.
The market was largely pioneered by Sturmey-Archer with their Dynohub of the 1930s-1970s. This competed effectively with contemporaneous bottle dynamos and bottom-bracket generators, but the Dynohub was heavy with its steel housing and was discontinued in the 1980s. Around 2009, Sturmey-Archer released new hub dynamo/drum brake units with an aluminum housing, designated X-FDD and XL-FDD.
The Schmidt Original Nabendynamo (SON) can power two 6-volt lamps in series at speeds above about 12 mph, and Schmidt manufactures lamps designed to facilitate this. These lamps have optics based on the "Bisy FL" road lights. The efficiency of the SON is quoted by the manufacturers at 65% (so just over 5W of the rider's output is diverted to produce 3W of electrical power) but this applies at only 15 km/h (10 mph). At higher speeds the efficiency falls. Bicycle dynamos instead use permanent magnets to eliminate the need for a battery to excite the field and initiate electrical generation.
Shimano offers a variety of hub dynamos under the "Nexus" brand, such as the DH-3N70/DH-3N71, advertised as having significantly less drag than the Nexus NX-30. Some of the Shimano units come with an automatic light-sensitive switch.
SRAM manufacture the i-Light hub dynamo. The D7 series is available for both rim and disc brakes while the D3 series features several of rim brake varieties. In a 2006 review by the German Stiftung Warentest, the efficiency at 15 km/h of a D1 series i-Light hub dynamo was 66%, 10% better than a SON-28.
SR Suntour offer the DH-CT-630 hub dynamo series with integrated overvoltage protection.
SP Dynamo Systems offers about 10 different models of hub dynamos. Quick release hubs for disc brakes and rim brakes. Also a 15mm thru-axle for mountain bikes with disc brakes. They claim a very high efficiency and light weight compared to other hub dynamos currently on the market.
Efficiency.
Bicycle Quarterly reviewed seven different hub dynamos in 2005. The SON28 was found to be the most efficient, although its cost was significantly higher than models from Shimano.

</doc>
<doc id="2915708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915708" title="Bandung High Tech Valley">
Bandung High Tech Valley

Bandung High Tech Valley (BHTV) is an initiative to foster technology-based business and industries in Bandung region. It aims to be the Silicon Valley of Indonesia.
The BHTV initiative was originated from Ministry of Industry and Trade of Indonesia as a mean to increase electronics export. It was started in 1986, but was forgotten when Indonesia faced economy crisis in 1997. It was then restarted by some people in Institut Teknologi Bandung.
Location.
Bandung is chosen for the project because it has been known to have research centers and educations in technology and science through Institut Teknologi Bandung, founded during the Dutch East Indies period in 1920. In the course of time, graduated students and researchers from the university have contributed into the development in several technology-based companies located in Bandung. That includes PT Telkom (telecommunication company: the headquarters and research center), PT Inti (electronics and telecommunication manufacturer), LEN (National Electronic Institute), Omedata (IC bonding and packaging), PT Dirgantara Indonesia (formerly IPTN, the only aircraft industry in Indonesia), PT Kereta Api Indonesia (state-owned railroad and train production company) and several small local companies.
History.
The main focus of current BHTV initiative is to help small tech companies to start in Bandung. Another activity is to attract multinational companies to invest in research and development in the region. Talks have been initiated with some big and small companies.
In 2004, there was a BHTV expo, in which 70 companies (mostly in IT) were participated.
On February 10, 2006, BHTV Foundation has been legally founded by four ITB faculty members to further oversee the development of BHTV.

</doc>
<doc id="2915716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915716" title="Nick Launay">
Nick Launay

Nicolas Launay is an English record producer, composer and recording engineer. He is one of the most sought after record producers in the world due to his success with recent albums by the Yeah Yeah Yeahs, Arcade Fire, and Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds. He is among the most successful producers of the post-punk era, helming records from pivotal acts including: Public Image Ltd, Gang of Four, Killing Joke, The Birthday Party, and The Slits.
Launay is known primarily for his passionate approach to recording with emphasis on raw sounds and capturing mood. Other artists he has worked with include: Kate Bush, Talking Heads, David Byrne, INXS, Midnight Oil, Grinderman, Lou Reed, The Cribs, Supergrass, The Living End, and Silverchair. He lives in Hollywood, USA and travels to London frequently. His latest work includes producing Yeah Yeah Yeahs' Mosquito, "It's Blitz!", mixing Arcade Fire's "The Suburbs", and producing and recording Nick Cave's Push the Sky Away, and Grinderman 2. Launay is father of two Australian children Lee Launay & Lana Launay.
Career background.
The son of French author André Launay and fashion model Eve Launay, he was born in London, England on March 5 and moved with his family to a village in Spain at age eight, where his parents adopted a bohemian lifestyle. The family returned to England in 1976, where Launay developed a love of punk rock. 
In 1978 he began working at Tape One studios on Tottenham Court Road, where he was trained to edit hit songs for K-tel Top 20 compilation albums, reducing their length to 2½ minutes in order to fit 20 songs on one album. He recalled: "The trick was to keep all the good bits that people would recognise."
According to his website, Launay was late at work one night "frantically editing and reconstructing an experimental version of "Pop Muzik" by UK pop band M, for his own amusement, when he was visited by respected mastering engineer Denis Blackham". Blackham was so impressed with the new extended version, he played it the next day to M’s Robin Scott. Launay says his version was released as a 12-inch single and became a Top 10 hit in the UK and other countries.
In 1980 Launay moved to Virgin Records’ Townhouse studios, where he worked as an assistant engineer on albums including The Jam’s "Sound Affects" and XTC’s "Black Sea", assisting producers John Leckie, Tony Visconti, Steve Lillywhite and Hugh Padgham.
In 1981, as the most junior member assistant engineer, he was conscripted to work on a Public Image Ltd recording session for a single, "Home is Where the Heart is". In a PiL fansite interview Launay recalled: 
Days later Launay was told PiL wanted him to mix a new song they had worked on. He was asked by the Townhouse manager whether he had done a mix before. "I remember lying and saying, 'Yes of course I have'," he said. "She told me I would have to work alone, as no other assistant would do it. Once again I couldn't believe my luck."
Launay co-produced the band’s "The Flowers of Romance" album (1981), which brought praise for its sonic oddities and prompted other bands including Killing Joke, The Slits, The Birthday Party and Gang of Four to collaborate with him in the studio.
He worked for two months as engineer on Kate Bush’s self-produced "The Dreaming" (1982), about which he remembers:
He worked with producer Colin Newman of Wire on the Virgin Prunes’ "If I Die I Die" (1982) before securing his first major production role on the fifth album by Midnight Oil, "10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1" (1982).
Production technique.
Asked in the "Mix" interview for his formula for making a record, he said he usually went into rehearsals for about two weeks, experimenting with songs and arranging them in different ways, but with "strong, solid ideas" about how the songs should be arranged. After about two weeks' work, he enters the studio with the band.
Production credits.
• "Popsicle"<br>• "Gangster of Love"<br>• "Lifetime Piling Up"

</doc>
<doc id="2915718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915718" title="Mũkoma wa Ngũgĩ">
Mũkoma wa Ngũgĩ

Mũkoma wa Ngũgĩ (born 1971) is a Kenyan poet and author. His father is the author Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o.
Biography.
Mũkoma was born in 1971 in Evanston, Illinois, USA, but raised in Kenya, before returning to the United States for his university education. He holds a BA in Political Science from Albright College and an MA in Creative Writing from Boston University. He received his Ph.D. from the University of Wisconsin at Madison, where he specialized in how questions of authorized and unauthorized English, or standard and non-standard English, influenced literary aesthetics in Romantic Britain and Independence-Era Africa. He is an Assistant Professor of English at Cornell University.
He is the author of "Conversing with Africa: Politics of Change" (reviewed by "New Internationalist") and "Hurling Words at Consciousness" (poetry, Africa World Press, 2006). He is also a columnist for "BBC Focus on Africa" magazine and former co-editor of "Pambazuka News".
He has published poems in "Tin House Magazine", "Chimurenga", "Brick" magazine, "Smartish Pace", and "Teeth in the Wind", "One Hundred Days" (Barque Press); "New Black Writing" (John Wiley and Sons); "Réflexions sur le Génocide rwandais"/"Ten Years Later: Reflections on the Rwandan Genocide" (L'Harmattan Press).
He has published political essays and columns in the "LA Times", "Radical History Review", "World Literature Today", "Mail and Guardian", Zimbabwe’s "Herald", Kenya’s "Daily Nation", the "EastAfrican", "Kwani?" journal, and zmag.org among other publications. His short story "How Kamau Wa Mwangi Escaped into Exile" was shortlisted for the Caine Prize in 2009 and is included in the anthology "Work in Progress - And Other Stories (Caine Prize: Annual Prize for African Writing)" (New Internationalist, 2009). His work was also shortlisted for the 2010 Penguin Prize for African Writing.
Some of Mũkoma's poems have been archived on Badilisha Poetry X-Change

</doc>
<doc id="2915720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915720" title="Herongate">
Herongate

Herongate is a village in south Essex, situated on the A128 road between Brentwood and West Horndon.

</doc>
<doc id="2915723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2915723" title="Great Warley">
Great Warley

Great Warley is a village in the Brentwood borough of Essex, England. It is situated to the far south west of the county and near to the Greater London boundary and the M25 motorway.
Consecrated in 1904, the Grade I listed parish church, St Mary the Virgin is noted for its art nouveau interior. 
History.
From 1894 the Great Warley parish formed part of Romford Rural District and covered an area of . In 1901 it had a population of 1,900. Great Warley Parish Council was the parish council from 1894 to 1934.
The parish was split in 1934 with of its former area transferred to the Brentwood parish in Brentwood Urban District. The remaining area was transferred to Hornchurch Urban District which in 1965 was transferred to Greater London to form part of the London Borough of Havering.
In 1993, following the first periodic review of Greater london, the boundary between Brentwood and Havering was locally realigned to the M25 motorway in the west and the London, Tilbury and Southend Railway in the south by the "Essex and Greater London (County and London Borough Boundaries) (No.2) Order 1993". This transferred almost all of the remaining part of Great Warley in Greater London back to Essex.

</doc>
