<doc id="2924787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924787" title="Ryan Sidebottom">
Ryan Sidebottom

Ryan Jay Sidebottom (born 15 January 1978) is an English cricketer who plays domestic cricket for Yorkshire. He is primarily a left-arm fast-medium bowler. Sidebottom played his first Test match in 2001 against Pakistan, but failed to take a wicket and was dropped for six years. In 2007 he was brought back into the side following an injury to Matthew Hoggard and took four wickets in his first innings. He went on to become a prolific bowler for England over the next two years, though injuries saw him lose his place in the Test side in 2009. He retired from international duty on 20 September 2010, after playing 22 Tests for England and winning the 2010 ICC World Twenty20.
He took the 37th Test cricket hat-trick in his 11th match for England against New Zealand, becoming the 11th English player to do so, on 8 March 2008, and on 23 March he took his third five-wicket haul in the same series, breaking the previous record for an Englishman in New Zealand. He is a former pupil of King James's Grammar School, Almondbury, Huddersfield. He is married to Kate and they have two children, a daughter, Indiana Nell, and a son, Darley Jack. His father, Arnie Sidebottom, was also a cricketer, and played one Test match for England in 1985 against Australia, as well as playing professional football.
Career.
Sidebottom started playing as a young boy for Kirkburton Cricket Club. He made his debut for his native Yorkshire in 1997. The winner of the NBC Denis Compton Award two years running, (in 1999 and 2000), he finished as the leading domestic English-bowler at the end of 2000, conceding only 12.5 runs for each of his 24 wickets, and capping this with a nomination for Cricketer of the Year by the Cricket Writers' Club. Injury problems took away much of his 2000 season, but, during the winter, Sidebottom toured the West Indies with England A, taking 16 wickets at a bowling average of 16.81. He made his international debut the following summer against Pakistan in place of Matthew Hoggard. He played in two ODIs in October 2001 against Zimbabwe.
Sidebottom left Yorkshire to join Nottinghamshire at the end of the 2003 season, having taken 163 wickets for Yorkshire at an average of 25.12. At Nottinghamshire, he took 50 wickets in both the 2005 and 2006 seasons, helping them to the County Championship title in 2005; he had also won the title with Yorkshire in 2001.
He sports a flamboyant hairstyle which has led to the dressing room nickname of "Sexual Chocolate". Sidebottom's long hair indirectly led to a second nickname, "Stringfellow", after a hapless Henry Blofeld repeatedly confused him with long-haired nightclub impresario Peter Stringfellow during the first Test match against New Zealand in 2008.
International Test career.
Debut—Pakistan 2001.
Sidebottom made his international Test debut at Lord's in May 2001, as England took on Pakistan. Batting first, England made 391 and in reply, Pakistan made 203 and 179, with the away side sinking to an innings and 9 run defeat. Sidebottom contributed four with the bat and finished with figures of 0–38 and 0–26.
West Indies 2007.
Following this match, Sidebottom had to wait another six years before being recalled to play in the England side to face the West Indies in the second Test in May 2007, following the injury to Matthew Hoggard in the opening match. His first Test victim was Chris Gayle, trapped leg before wicket, and Daren Ganga, Dwayne Bravo and Corey Collymore soon followed, as he finished with figures of 4–42. The West Indies followed on, and Sidebottom again impressed, taking the wickets of four of the top order batsmen, ending with 4–44. The hosts eventually won by a record innings and 283 runs.
In the third Test, Sidebottom contributed a useful 23 over the two innings and finished with match figures of 3–101 as England won by 60 runs. In the final match of the series, he took his first international five wicket haul during the West Indies' first innings, finishing with 5–88, hit an unbeaten 26 in England's reply, and then bowled fifteen overs for 40 runs, with no reward, as the hosts won by 7 wickets and wrapped up a 3–0 series victory.
India 2007.
Following these excellent performances, Sidebottom was included in the England squad to take on India in the second 2007 summer series. In the first Test, he again impressed, taking 4–65 as India struggled to 201. He then followed that in the second innings with 2–42 as the match fizzled out into a draw, with England just one wicket from victory. As England slumped to a seven wicket defeat in the second Test, Sidebottom finished with figures of 1–75 (at an economy of 2.08) and 0–23. However, he was deemed extremely unlucky only to finish with one wicket as he found copious amounts of swing and troubled a number of batsmen. Ashley Giles remarked, "One wicket in the first innings did not do his excellent bowling justice." He also made 18* and 25* with the bat, as he began to establish himself as a competent and reliable number 9.
In the final Test of the summer, and the third of the series against India, Sidebottom bowled a controlled 32 overs for 93 runs, taking the wicket of Dinesh Karthik as the visitors amassed 664. However, he injured himself and did not bowl another ball in the match. Whilst batting, he fell for 2 in the first innings and was 3* at the end of the second, as the hosts held out for a draw. This could not stop India recording a 1 – 0 series win.
Sri Lanka 2007/08.
Sidebottom had an up down series in the tour of Sri Lanka. In the One Day International series, he took 12 wickets in five matches but struggled in the Test matches taking five wickets in three tests at a disappointing average of 63.60. Sri Lanka won the Test series 1–0 and England won the One Day Series 3–2.
New Zealand 2007/2008.
Sidebottom then accompanied the England team on their tour of New Zealand. Over the five ODI matches he took six wickets at an average of 34.16, behind only Stuart Broad's eight wickets at 25.75. He did not make much impact with the bat, however, scoring six runs in total and averaging only three, much overshadowed by fellow bowler Broad's average of 52.00.
In the first Test match, Sidebottom started the first day the pick of the England bowlers, taking two wickets. The first innings ended on Day 2, Sidebottom with 4 wickets in total, 2 wickets from the last 2 balls of the innings. Despite missing out on a hat-trick with the first ball of the second innings (after forcing Jeetan Patel to edge his shot to Andrew Strauss, then cleaning Chris Martin for a duck), he went on to take the 37th Test cricket hat-trick, and the first in 2 years, in New Zealand's second innings. Dismissing Stephen Fleming (caught by Alastair Cook) with the final ball of his ninth over, he then dismissed Mathew Sinclair (also caught by Alastair Cook) and Jacob Oram (lbw) with the first two balls of his tenth over. With the dismissal of Oram he also claimed his second five wicket haul in an England Test match and when he went on to dismiss Kyle Mills and Daniel Vettori he recorded his first Test match ten wicket match.
Sidebottom went on to take another two five wicket hauls, resulting in one five-for in each Test of the series (including a first-class personal best of 7/47 in the first innings of the third Test), breaking the previous record for an England bowler in New Zealand. As a result of his superb form within the series, taking 24 wickets to double the next best effort of Monty Panesar and Chris Martin who each took 11, he was voted Man of The Match and Series after the final Test.
Thanks to this performance in the above mentioned series he was ranked sixth on the ICC Test Bowling Rankings, the highest ranking English bowler for 5 years. On 25 June, he was involved in a controversial incident, colliding with New Zealand batsman Elliot in a 50 over match. He was subsequently left out of the second Test against New Zealand.
He retired from international cricket on 20 September 2010. On the subject of his time with the England team, Sidebottom said "If I look back on my international career I have achieved more than I could ever have dreamed. I have had a truly fantastic period of my life with England. Winning the Twenty20 World Cup in the West Indies, my Test debut at Lords, a Test hat-trick against New Zealand, plus a Man of the Series award, are just a few of the highlights."

</doc>
<doc id="2924788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924788" title="Unstated assumption">
Unstated assumption

Unstated assumption is a type of propaganda message which forgoes explicitly communicating the propaganda's purpose and instead states ideas derived from it. This technique is used when a propaganda's main idea lacks credibility, and thus when mentioned directly will result in the audience recognizing its fallacy and nullifying the propaganda.

</doc>
<doc id="2924789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924789" title="Jean Baptiste Eblé">
Jean Baptiste Eblé

Jean Baptiste Eblé (December 21, 1758 – December 31, 1812) was a French General, Engineer and Artilleryman during the Napoleonic Wars. He is credited with saving Napoleon's Grand Army from complete destruction in 1812.
Biography.
Eblé was born in Saint-Jean-Rohrbach, Moselle.
He, like his father, started out in the artillery when he joined the army in 1793. He was commissioned as an officer two years later. Rising rapidly through the ranks, he served in northern Germany, and commanded an artillery brigade at Austerlitz in 1805 before becoming governor of Magdeburg in 1806 and Minister of War for Westphalia in 1808.
The following year, he was assigned to Spain serving in the army of Marshal Masséna where he commanded the French artillery at Ciudad Rodrigo and Almeida.
In 1811, Eblé was put in command of the Dutch Pontoon bridge builders ("pontonniers") for the Grande Armée which Napoleon was assembling for his invasion of Russia. Eblé discovered he had inherited a rag-tag collection of boatmen, yet in less than a year he had turned them into a disciplined, highly trained and skilled force who would soon prove indispensable. Besides training, Eblé also issued his pontonniers specialized tools and equipment. Most notable of which were the mobile wagon-mounted forges, that could quickly make any needed but unavailable metal parts or items.
During the disastrous retreat from Moscow in 1812, Napoleon ordered Eblé to destroy the pontonniers' mobile forges, so these valuable pieces of engineering technology would not fall into enemy hands. Eblé argued with his Emperor, that without the forges his men could not perform their duty and the greater danger to the Armée was to be caught between an uncrossable river and a vengeful, pursuing enemy. Napoleon insisted they be destroyed, but Eblé went against his orders and kept the vital equipment intact.
When the Armée arrived at the Berezina River it found itself trapped, with the Russians fast bearing down and no way to cross. Eblé's men worked feverishly in dangerously frigid water to complete the bridges in time for the Armée to escape. With the way across the Berezina opened, most of the surviving remnants successfully crossed. But the campaign had taken a heavy toll on General Eblé's men and his health. He died in Königsberg shortly after returning from Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="2924800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924800" title="XBase++">
XBase++

Xbase++ is an object oriented programming language which has multiple inheritance and polymorphism. It is based on the XBase language dialect and conventions.
It is 100% Clipper compatible language supporting multiple inheritance, polymorphism, object oriented programming. It supports the xBase data types, including Codeblocks. With Xbase++ it is possible to generate applications for Windows NT, 95, 98, Me, 2000, XP, VISTA and Windows 7.
Clipper Support.
XBase++ supports the old commands @SAY/GET to define data entry forms as well as a graphic editor to create data entry forms similar to Visual FoxPro. It also has a visual development environment, support for OEM files (DOS format) and ANSI (Windows), an integrated debugger and a resource compiler to add icons and graphics to the application. It can generate EXE or DLL files.
RDD.
Xbase++ supports the Replaceable Database Drivers (RDD, which provide access to multiple database formats) of Clipper through the DatabaseEngines (DBEs). The basic package includes support for DBF, FOX, NTX, CDX, SDF and DEL(delimited). It also supports CORBA 2.0, Visual FoxPro 3.0 to 5.0 database formats, and access to SQL servers.
Birth.
XBase++ was born after the decision of Computer Associates to abandon Clipper to develop Visual Objects. The failure of Visual Objects as Clipper substitute empowered the creation of third party libraries and the creation of Clipper syntax compilers.

</doc>
<doc id="2924815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924815" title="Fortune FitzRoy, Duchess of Grafton">
Fortune FitzRoy, Duchess of Grafton

Ann Fortune FitzRoy, Dowager Duchess of Grafton, (née Smith; 24 February 1920) is the widow of Hugh FitzRoy, 11th Duke of Grafton. She has been Mistress of the Robes since 1967.
Early life.
The Duchess was born to Captain Evan Cadogan Eric Smith MC of Ashfold in Sussex, and his wife Beatrice Williams. Her younger brother, Sir John Smith, was a financier with the family business (a bank) (formerly known as Smith's Bank of Nottingham and was later titled as the National Provincial Bank and then part of NatWest), a Conservative MP, and the founder of the Landmark Trust. She also has another brother who is younger than her, Jeremy Fox Eric Smith (born 1928).
Marriage and children.
On 12 October 1946, she married the then Earl of Euston who she had first met at the age of 18 at a ball at Euston Hall.
They had five children:
In 1970, Hugh Fitzroy, Earl of Euston succeeded his father after his death as 11th Duke of Grafton,
whereupon she became known as Duchess of Grafton. In April 2011, the Duchess of Grafton was widowed. Her husband was succeeded as duke by their grandson Henry FitzRoy, Viscount Ipswich, as their elder son died in 2009.
Royal service.
She was a Lady of the Bedchamber to Queen Elizabeth II between 1953 and 1966 and has been Mistress of the Robes since 1967.
The Queen is godmother to her daughter, Lady Virginia Mary Elizabeth FitzRoy.
The Duchess was appointed GCVO in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="2924816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924816" title="WOGG">
WOGG

WOGG (94.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format. Licensed to Oliver, Pennsylvania, USA. The station is currently owned by Keymarket Licenses, LLC.
History.
The construction permit for this radio station was first issued June 16, 1988 to The Humes Broadcasting Corporation, licensee of WASP (AM) in Brownsville, Pennsylvania; about 12 miles north of Oliver.
The station was first issued the call letters WXAK on November 29, 1991, and on March 22, 1993, the station went on the air with the call letters WASP-FM, the call letters shared by its country and talk formatted AM sister. WASP-FM went on the air with a country format, but with more current music and programmed entirely separate, with longtime Pittsburgh morning radio personality Jimmy Roach hosting the morning show, which he still does today. 
Both stations operated out of their longtime studio location on Blaine Road (PA Route 88), just south of California until shortly after its sale to its present owner. This location was also the transmitter location for WASP (AM), but the transmitter site for WASP-FM was located further south in North Union Township, Pennsylvania.
In 1999, Humes Broadcasting sold WASP-AM/FM to its current owner, Keymarket Communications, and on January 1, 2000, the station switched calls to WOGG.
Today, WOGG and WASP operate out of Keymarket Communications' facility just off the junction of Interstates 79 and 279 in Greentree, Pennsylvania.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="2924817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924817" title="Kadirur">
Kadirur

Kadirur is a census town within the Thalassery Taluk of Kannur District in the State of Kerala, India. Kadirur is located about 8 km (5 Miles) from the Thalassery Township on the Tellicherry-Mysore road.
Demographics.
Sree sooryanarayana temple and Tharuvanatheru sree mahaganapathi temple are major temples in kadirur.
kadirur means 'the village of sun'.Nearest town is Thalassery.
Schools in Kadirur
1. Govt.VHSS Kadirur
2. Tharuvanatheru UP school Kadirur
3. Govt VHSS Kakkara

</doc>
<doc id="2924838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924838" title="Jim Troughton">
Jim Troughton

Jamie Oliver Troughton (born 2 March 1979) is an English cricketer. He is mainly an attack-minded left-handed batsman but also an occasional slow left-arm orthodox bowler. He plays for and captains the county side Warwickshire and has played for the England One Day International team.
He has played six One-day Internationals for England at time of writing, scoring 36 runs at an average of nine. He is a hard-hitting batsman with a good range of shots. He averages a respectable 40 plus in the four day county game.
He won the NBC Denis Compton Award in 2002. He is the son of noted Shakespearean actor David Troughton. His grandfather, Patrick Troughton, starred as the Doctor in the science fiction series "Doctor Who" in the 1960s. He is also the younger brother of "Robin Hood" actor Sam Troughton and the cousin of actor Harry Melling from the Harry Potter films.
He was named Warwickshire captain for the 2011 season in November 2010.
Troughton captained Warwickshire to 2nd place in the 2011 County Championship, losing out on the title on the last day of the final game, with Lancashire finishing as champions. However, this disappointment was short-lived as Troughton oversaw Warwickshire win the County Championship a year later.

</doc>
<doc id="2924841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924841" title="Negotin">
Negotin

Negotin ( ) is a town and municipality in the Bor District of north-eastern Central Serbia. It is situated near the borders between Serbia, Romania and Bulgaria. It is the judicial center of the Bor District. The population of the town is 16,716 while municipality has 36,879.
History.
Name.
The etymology of the town's name is unclear, and there are three possibilities as to its background:
"Negotin" is first mentioned in 1530 as a settlement.
Early.
The Thracians dominated the region with the Celtic Scordisci advancing after 279 BC. The Roman conquest in the 1st century BC weakened the Paleo-Balkan tribes. The Moesi, a Thracio-Dacian tribe, were defeated by the Roman army under the Marcus Licinius Crassus who was Roman consul in 30 BC. The region was organized into Moesia Inferior in 87 AD by Emperor Domitian.
Hellenistic religious influence is attested through archeological findings in Rovine and Tamnič where Heracles was worshipped: a relief of Zeus, Herakles and Dionysos found in Bukovo.
The Roman site of Selište with necropolis has been excavated in the village of Rogljevo. Silver and gold fibulae from 250-320 AD have been found at sites in Negotin.
Ottoman Serbia.
Until the beginning of the 18th century, Negotin was a small town, with no strategic or cultural importance. At the beginning of the 18th century, however, Austrians conducted a major build-up as a fortified town and their stronghold in their south-eastern territories (i.e., while they held it, in 1717–1739). After a period of renewed Turkish occupation, Negotin was liberated in 1804 by Hajduk Veljko's rebels during the First Serbian Uprising.
The Serbian Revolutions 1804–1833.
After being liberated in 1804-10, Negotin quickly gained on importance and size. The civilized life thrived and the government, as in the most parts of then-liberated Serbia, achieved much in matters of education and modernization. However, these great days were short lived: In 1813, after Napoleon had successfully taken Russia and Austria out of the game and therefore helping Serbia, the Turks crushed the ill-fated state of the Serbs. The defenders of Negotin chose not to evacuate and became besieged in the then-fortified town. Eventually, a Turkish gunman sighted Hajduk Veljko and shot his cannon. Veljko was hit in the chest by a cannonball and died immediately. His co-fighters buried him in an unmarked grave, so that the Turks couldn't exhume and decapitate him, as they used to do with all fallen Christian fighters. Once again, Negotin was conquered.
The Second Serbian Uprising of 1815 brought nothing to Negotin initially, having only liberated Belgrade and its vicinity. Thanks to the smart diplomacy of the Prince Miloš Obrenović, this part of the country was once and for all liberated in 1833, with practically no fighting.
The second half of the 19th century and the World War in Negotin.
Until the formal declaration of independence in 1878, Negotin had achieved very much in a build-up of its position as a regional cultural, education and religious center. The first state school was opened in 1824, followed by a gymnasium in 1839. In time, the old Church of Our Lady became too small for the bishop of Negotin, so a grand new cathedral church was built in 1876.
At the same time, many Negotinians went to famous European universities, seeking education and enlightenment, e.g., Stevan Mokranjac, one of the five most important Serbian composers and Đorđe Stanojević, a physicist and an astronomer who later became University of Belgrade Rector.
Cultural life thrived, with many choral and other artistic societies. Most of the educational institutions had been opened in a matter of months after being opened in Belgrade (e.g., public library). In this period the idea of moving the town to the banks of the Danube first took a stronghold with the government and local officials. This has never happened, although other administrations have tried to do this. The town was simply too big for moving. Still, Negotin was not far from the Danube, only about 4 miles, so river transportation was possible for its trade. However, the town's position had a serious disadvantage — it was very close to the Danube, but lower than the river, so it had always been surrounded by many swamps and ponds.
In the meantime, the town of Zaječar, being much closer to Niš and, therefore, to the rest of Serbia, was slowly taking over as a regional center. This advantage became much clearer especially with the construction of the railroad. Negotin was, though, more to the north and thus closer to Belgrade and the rest of Serbia, but those roads led through inaccessible mountain terrain, whereas it was much easier to go to the south, so Zaječar was, in terms of transport, much better off than Negotin. Until the beginning of the First World War, Zaječar had overtaken Negotin in terms of size and importance.
The two dynasties' vying for power, resulting with, in 1903, rebellious officers killing the king and queen of Serbia, Aleksandar Obrenović and Draga Mašin, had little impact on the fate of the town. The Balkan Wars of 1912–1913 didn't bring much to this area. However, units from this part of the country took part in almost all the battles of both wars, earning respect and glory.
On July 28, 1914, a former kind of ally that turned enemy, Austria-Hungary, declared war on Serbia. After initial successes by the Serbian armies, in the winter of 1915/16, the vastly outnumbered Serbia could no longer repel the attacks by the combined armies of Austria-Hungary, Germany and Bulgaria. But, instead of capitulating, the Serbian government chose to go into exile, with its army. Negotin was soon occupied and it remained so until the fall of 1918, when the Serbian army came back victoriously to the country.
Negotin became a part of the newly formed Kingdom of the Serbs, Croats and Slovenes. From 1929 to 1941, Negotin was part of the Morava Banovina of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia.
Interbellum.
The period between the two world wars was very much like the pre-war years. Negotin continued to lose on its size and importance; Zaječar was becoming the new regional center. Much of this was also happening due to poor environmental conditions in Negotin and its surroundings, as mentioned above. In the 1930s, the government and local officials started a huge irrigation project, aimed at getting rid of swamps around the town and gaining more agricultural land for the ever-growing population. As for industry, there had been some modest investments in the area, but the town itself remained strongly committed to its previous roles of trading center and preserving its old manufactures, many of which were now, quite obsolete. Still, there had been some progress and it was, unfortunately, stopped by World War Two in 1941.
World War Two.
As the war raged in Europe, the Kingdom of Yugoslavia had been spared, at least during the initial two years. Still, it hadn't done much to prepare for the inevitable, mostly because of unsettled national problems in the Kingdom. Therefore, as the German, Hungarian and Italian forces attacked on April 6, 1941, Yugoslavia simply fell apart after only two weeks of fighting. Many officers and soldiers, mostly from Serbia, had been taken prisoners of war and transported to the prisoner-of-war camps in Germany, Austria, Poland and as far as Norway. Although Negotin hadn't seen much of the fighting, in the summer of 1941, some guerilla resistance had been reported. Most of these "partisan" forces had been subsequently taken out of action during the summer and fall of 1941, with their fighters captured and killed. As for the remainder of the war, there hadn't been any major battles or atrocities recorded in the area. Just as the Germans easily and without resistance came in 1941, so did the Partisans and the Soviet troops, on their way to Belgrade and further. Negotin was liberated on September 12, 1944, after less than 3½ years of German occupation.
Population.
According to the 2011 census the population of the Negotin municipality is 36,879, of which 16,716 live in the town of Negotin.
Ethnic groups in the Negotin municipality (2002 census):
According to the 2002 census, most of the settlements in the Negotin municipality had Serb ethnic majority. The settlement with a Vlach ethnic majority is Kovilovo. An ethnically mixed settlement with relative Vlach majority is Aleksandrovac. Older census results show a higher share of Vlach population, but due to the Serbianization process from the 20th century, their number dramatically decreased in favor of the Serbs. For example, the 1921 census counted 32,591 persons in the Negotin municipality, composed by 17,201 (53%) Vlachs; 15,340 (47%) Serbs and mixed families; and 50 others.
Economy.
The population of the villages around Negotin are mostly supported by the family members who are guest workers in the countries of western Europe. Agriculture is a side activity more than an income-generating one.
The largest employer in this municipality is the chemical industry Prahovo, although this company, like many others in Serbia, is in very poor financial shape.
Wines from Negotin.
Muscat
Education and public health.
The town has one orphanage, one kindergarten and day care center, three elementary and four high schools, some of which are vocational. There is also an elementary school for children with handicaps.
The Negotin hospital offers all basic and many specialist services to this and neighboring municipalities.
Culture and tourism.
The Negotin museum is home to many archaeological findings, from Roman times to the more recent World War II era. The Negotin municipality is home to many galleries, monuments, churches and monasteries, and archaeological sites. The nearby Iron Gates national park offers breathtaking views, excellent hunting grounds, and many trails for hiking (most trails are not well marked or maintained, so hiking is recommended only for the experienced).
Notable personalities.
Stevan Mokranjac the most famous Serbian composer of the 19th century was born and grew up in Negotin. His native house is a museum today.
Another famous Negotinian was Hajduk Veljko (aka Vojvoda Veljko Petrović), an early 19th-century freedom fighter. He was born in Lenovac near Zaječar to the south, but died defending Negotin from the Ottoman Turkish onslaught.
General Petar Živković was a minister and prime minister in several Kingdom of Serbia's and Kingdom of Yugoslavia's governments.
As a relatively young man, Vuk Karadžić was sent to Negotin by the leadership of the First Serbian Uprising to work as a clerk in the city magistrate and a scribe for Hajduk Veljko. That was the only salaried employment he held during his life.
Jelena Tomašević, a singer who represented Serbia in Eurovision Song Contest 2008, was born here, as was Bojan Aleksandrović, the priest who in 2004 successfully defied the authorities to build the Romanian Orthodox Church, Malajnica.
Mokranjčevi Dani.
The highlight of the cultural life of Negotin is the annual musical celebration called Mokranjčevi Dani, after Stevan Mokranjac the famous Serbian composer.
Municipality.
Negotin municipality includes the town of Negotin and the following villages (population given in brackets):

</doc>
<doc id="2924842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924842" title="Evelyn Fox Keller">
Evelyn Fox Keller

Evelyn Fox Keller (born March 20, 1936, New York) is an American physicist, author and feminist. She is currently Professor Emerita of History and Philosophy of Science at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Keller's early work concentrated at the intersection of physics and biology. Her subsequent research has focused on the history and philosophy of modern biology and on gender and science.
Biography.
Keller received her B.A. in physics from Brandeis University in 1957 and continued her studies in theoretical physics at Harvard University graduating with a Ph.D. in 1963. She became interested in molecular biology during a visit to Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory while completing her Ph.D. dissertation. Keller has also taught at Northeastern University, Cornell University, University of Maryland, Northwestern University, Princeton University, State University of New York at Purchase, New York University and in the department of rhetoric at the University of California, Berkeley.
In 2007 Keller sat on the USA advisory board of FFIPP (Faculty for Israeli-Palestinian Peace-USA), a network of Palestinian, Israeli, and International faculty, and students, working for an end of the Israeli occupation of Palestinian territories and just peace.
Discussion of work.
She first encountered feminism as a discipline while attending a conference entitled "Women and the Scientific Profession." At this conference, Erik Erikson and Bruno Bettelheim argued for more women in science based on the invaluable contributions a "specifically female genius" could make to science. Four years later, in 1969, she compiled an array of data on the experiences of women scientists and put together an argument about women in (or out of) science, based on "women's nature." She had been feeling disenchantment from her colleague publishing her team's work and she had realized the reason behind it until she did her research.
In 1974 Keller taught her first women's studies course. Shortly after, she was invited to give a series of lectures on her work. She had never shared her personal experiences of her story of how it was like for her as a woman becoming a scientist and this lecture marked the beginning of her work as a feminist critic of science. It raised three central questions that marked her research and writing over the next decade.
One of her major works was a contribution to the book "The Gender and Science Reader". Keller's article, entitled "Secrets of God, Nature, and Life" links issues in feminism back to the Scientific Revolution in the 17th Century and the Industrial Revolution in the 18th Century. In this work, she quotes Boyle. "It may seem an ingrateful and unfilial thing to dispute against nature, that is taken by mankind for the common parent of us all. But although it be as undutiful thing, to express a want of respect for an acknowledged parent, yet I know not, why it may not be allowable to question one, that a man looks upon but as a pretend one; and it appear to me, that she is so, I think it my duty to pay my gratitude, not to I know not what, but to that deity, whose wisdom and goodness...designed to make me a man (pg. 103). By Keller addressing Boyle's quote in this aspect, she alludes to how as soon as questionable aspects are displayed in nature, "nature" becomes "nature" and is then feminine.
Evelyn Fox Keller has documented how the masculine-identified public sphere and the feminine-identified private sphere have structured thinking in two areas of evolutionary biology: population genetics and mathematical ecology. Her concern is to show how the selection process that occurs in the context of discovery limits what we come to know. Keller argues that the assumption that the atomistic individual is the fundamental unit in nature has led population geneticists to omit sexual reproduction from their models. Though the critique of misplaced individualism is nothing new, the gender dynamics Keller reveals are. According to Keller, geneticists treat reproduction as if individuals reproduce themselves, effectively bypassing the complexities of sexual difference, the contingencies of mating, and fertilization. She likens the biologists' atomistic individual to heuristic individual portrayed by mainstream Western political and economic theorists. Keller argues further that biologists use values ascribed to the public sphere of Western culture to depict relations between individuals (while values generally attributed to the private sphere to describe relations are confused to the interior of an individual organism.) 

</doc>
<doc id="2924860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924860" title="Politics of Beijing">
Politics of Beijing

The politics of Beijing is structured in a dual party-government system like all other governing institutions in the mainland of the People's Republic of China.
The Mayor of Beijing is the highest-ranking official in the People's Government of Beijing. Since Beijing is a centrally administered municipality, the mayor occupies the same level in the order of precedence as provincial governors. However, in the city's dual party-government governing system, the mayor has less power than the Beijing Communist Party of China Municipal Committee Secretary.
The position of Beijing Municipal Committee Secretary () has always had its share of national prestige and exposure. It is now "de facto" standard for the Secretary to be a member of the Politburo of the Communist Party of China, the country's top ruling organ. Because of Beijing's position as the national capital, the Secretary is also involved in major decision making of national events. Xie Fuzhi, whose term lasted from 1967 to 1972, had significant influence over the national government during the Cultural Revolution. Chen Xitong's (term 1992-95) influence was considered a threat to the Shanghai clique that he was forcibly removed from the position and tried for corruption. When the PRC celebrated its 50th Anniversary it was Jia Qinglin (term 1997-2002) who presided over the festivities. Liu Qi (term 2002–present) was the chair of the Beijing Organizing Committee for the Olympic Games (BOCOG), and spoke at both the opening and closing ceremonies of the games.

</doc>
<doc id="2924868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924868" title="Sheila White (actress)">
Sheila White (actress)

Sheila White (born 18 October 1950) is an English film, television and stage actress. She is married to former theatre producer Richard M. Mills and lives in Kingston, Surrey.
Early life and career.
White was born in London. She began her career at the age of twelve in the pantomime "Cinderella" at the "Golders Green Hippodrome" starring Arthur Askey as a member of Terry's Juveniles. This led to an audition for the London production of "The Sound of Music" at the "Palace Theatre" where she played the parts of Brigitta and Louisa for three years. She then became a student at the Corona Stage School in Hammersmith, West London. 
At sixteen, she still played children's roles, as she appeared young for her age; the start of her television career was in "Z-Cars" with Malcolm McDowell. A theatre tour of Counter Crime followed and the musical tour of "The Roar of the Greasepaint—the Smell of the Crowd" starring Norman Wisdom and Willoughby Goddard, written by Leslie Bricusse and Anthony Newley, playing one of the urchins with Elaine Paige and choreography by Gillian Lynne. Sheila White's big break came playing the part of Eileen in the musical "On The Level" at the Saville Theatre. She was taken out of the chorus and the song "Bleep – Bleep", was written especially for her. This song proved to be a show-stopper, making Sheila White's name in the West End theatre. This success led to the part of Bet, Nancy's best friend in Lionel Bart's film musical "Oliver!", accompanying Shani Wallis as Nancy and Mark Lester as Oliver in the songs ""It's a Fine Life"" and ""I'd Do Anything"".
Filmography.
After "Oliver!" she played leading roles as Polly in "The Ghost Goes Gear" with the Spencer Davis Group, Paula in "Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush" in 1967 with Barry Evans, Norma in "Alfie Darling" (1975) and Tulip in "Mrs. Brown, You've Got a Lovely Daughter" for MGM. Sheila White is also known for portraying Alisande in "The Spaceman and King Arthur" for Walt Disney Productions, and comedy roles in films like "Confessions of a Pop Performer".
Television.
In 1975 Sheila White played Annie Miller in "The Love School". A notable performance was as Messalina, the third wife of the Emperor Claudius (Derek Jacobi) in the BBC classic serial "I, Claudius" (1976). In "EastEnders" she played Carol Hanley, biological mother of Sharon Watts (Letitia Dean).
In 1969 and 1970 Sheila starred with Rodney Bewes in the first two series of the sitcom "Dear Mother...Love Albert".
Other television credits include the TV musical "Pickwick" for the BBC in 1969 and her roles as Keren Daniel in the "Poldark" series for BBC, as herself in the variety musical series "The Songwriters", and Annie Miller, in "The Brotherhood – Pre-Raphaelites – Aka Love School" for the BBC directed by Piers Haggard. Sheila White also played the leading role as Dixie in "Don't Rock the Boat", a comedy series for Thames Television directed by Mark Stuart. She also starred in "Whizzkid's Guide" a children's comedy series for Anglia Television, as Moyra Sheffield in "Framed" for ITV, written by "Lynda La Plante", as Sharon Nightingale in Series 1 episode "Monday Night Fever" of "Minder" and as Vivien McKewan in "Dear Mother ...Love Albert" for Thames Television, Mildred in "ITV Saturday Night Theatre – The Funeral of Queen Victoria", directed by Tania Lieven, and "The Good Old Days" with Leonard Sachs and Frankie Vaughan.
Theatre.
White's extensive theatre credits as a leading lady include Mary Pickford in "The Biograph Girl" for Harold Fielding, directed by Victor Spinetti; Eileen Wells in "On The Level"; Young Belle in "Little Me"; Ruby in the London production of "Dames at Sea"; Samantha in "Queen Daniella" with Danny La Rue and Sonia Walsk; and the British production of "They're Playing Our Song". White also performed with David Essex in the film "Silver Dream Racer".

</doc>
<doc id="2924882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924882" title="Teacake">
Teacake

A teacake in England is a light yeast-based sweet bun containing dried fruit, typically served toasted and buttered. In the U.S. teacakes can be cookies or small cakes. In Sweden they are sweetened wheat soda breads served with butter, jam and often cheese. In India and Australia a teacake is more like a sponge cake. Tea refers to the popular beverage which these baked goods are an accompaniment to. 
Regional variations.
England.
In most of England, a teacake is a light, sweet, yeast-based bun containing dried fruits, most usually currants, sultanas or peel. It is typically split, toasted, buttered, and served with tea. It is flat and circular, with a smooth brown upper surface and a somewhat lighter underside. Although most people refer to a teacake as a cake containing fruit, in East Lancashire, certain areas of Yorkshire and Cumbria the name currant teacake is used to distinguish fruited 'cakes' from plain bread rolls. In West Yorkshire, a large plain white or brown teacake 9 inches or 225 mm diameter is often also called a breadcake and is used to make very large sandwiches. Many cafes sell these for breakfast or midmorning snacks. In Kent, the teacake is known as a "huffkin", which is often flavoured with hops, especially at the time of harvesting hops in September. In Sussex, a luxurious version of the teacake with added aromatics such as nutmeg, cinnamon and rose water is still sometimes made and called a manchet or Lady Arundel's Manchet.
In East Lancashire, the former West Riding of Yorkshire and elsewhere in the North like the town of Barnsley, a teacake is a round bread roll which is cut in half to make sandwiches. They do not usually contain any sort of dried fruit. They can be made with either white, brown, wholemeal, or Granary flour (a brand of flour produced by Hovis, made by malting wheat, crushing the grains, roasting them, and then mixing them with brown flour). A favourite way to eat them is to slice them into fingers, toast and then spread with butter and Bovril or Marmite.
Sweden.
In Sweden, the word for teacake ("tekaka") refers to a sweetened wheat soda bread, resembling a farl and served warm with butter and jam. It is often served with cheese as well.
North America.
In the Southeastern United States, a teacake is a traditional dense large cookie, made with sugar, butter, eggs, flour, milk, and flavoring.
In the rest of the United States, a teacake is a single-layer lightly spiced spice cake (often made with buttermilk) topped with powdered sugar and often also lightly glazed on top. It may contain fruits such as apricots, blueberries, or cranberries.
Australia/India.
In Australia and India, a teacake is typically a heavier sponge cake. A quick and easy cake to make, typically ready to serve warm from the oven in less than 30 minutes. Ingredients usually consist of always available ingredients in the kitchen cupboard and they are typically flour, eggs, butter, cinnamon and sugar. It is traditionally served warm as an accompaniment to tea. Australian teacakes are sprinkled with cinnamon and fine (caster) sugar, and are usually served warm from the oven. Indian recipes avoid cinnamon.
Cultural references.
Teacake features as a passing subject of discussion in "The Importance of Being Earnest" by Oscar Wilde.
"Tea Cake" is the name of one of the characters in the Zora Neale Hurston novel "Their Eyes Were Watching God".

</doc>
<doc id="2924886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924886" title="Concerning Hobbits">
Concerning Hobbits

"Concerning Hobbits" is an acclaimed piece by composer Howard Shore for . It contains the main themes for the Shire and the Hobbits, and is intended to evoke feelings of peace. It is also the title of one of the sections of the prologue to "The Lord of the Rings" by J. R. R. Tolkien. The piece can also be heard briefly during a scene in the 2012 film "".
Although the tin whistle and violin both have solos and have the main melodies throughout the piece, it is also noted for Shore's distinctive use of the bodhrán to create a heartbeat-like sound.
One of the chief tracks of the entire trilogy, it is also one of the happiest tracks, with others invoking feelings of pain, adventure, or evil. It is often associated with one of these themes:

</doc>
<doc id="2924892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924892" title="Eileen Sutherland-Leveson-Gower, Duchess of Sutherland">
Eileen Sutherland-Leveson-Gower, Duchess of Sutherland

Eileen Sutherland-Leveson-Gower, Duchess of Sutherland (3 November 1891 – 24 August 1943), born Lady Eileen Gwladys Butler and styled Marchioness of Stafford from 1912 to 1913, was a British courtier.
Biography.
She was born on 3 November 1891 to the 7th Earl of Lanesborough. She was married on 11 April 1912 to George Sutherland-Leveson-Gower, Marquess of Stafford, who succeeded his father as 5th Duke of Sutherland in 1913, whereupon Eileen became Duchess of Sutherland. In World War I, she was a Red Cross nurse. She was Mistress of the Robes to Queen Mary from 1916 to 1921. She died in 1943, aged 51.

</doc>
<doc id="2924895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924895" title="Rising Antivirus">
Rising Antivirus

Rising is a Chinese software company that produces the anti-virus software Rising Antivirus, a firewall, UTM and spam-blocking products.
Founded in 1991, Rising is a privately owned company, with its global headquarters based in Zhongguancun in Beijing, China. The company has subsidiaries and branch offices in Shanghai, Guangzhou, Australia and Beijing. It is China's largest anti-virus software company, with over 500 employees and an estimated 50% Chinese home users (of more than 100 million computer users).
Primary products are Rising Antivirus, Rising Personal Firewall, Rising UTM and Rising IS.
The Mebromi BIOS rootkit checks for the presence of Rising Antivirus.
On 9 September 2013, Rising stopped supporting their English versions of the Rising anti-virus software, Rising Personal firewall, along with the official English website. They also chose this date to terminate sales of all of their English versions of products.

</doc>
<doc id="2924900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924900" title="Ken Babbs">
Ken Babbs

Ken Babbs (born January 14, 1939) is a famous Merry Prankster who became one of the psychedelic leaders of the 1960s. He along with best friend and Prankster leader, Ken Kesey wrote the book "Last Go Round". Babbs is best known for his participation in the Acid Tests and on the bus Further.
Early life.
Ken Babbs was raised in Mentor, Ohio. He attended the Case Institute of Technology (where he briefly studied engineering) for two years on a basketball scholarship before transferring to Miami University, from which he graduated with a degree in English literature in 1958. He then attended the Stanford University graduate creative writing program on a Woodrow Wilson National Fellowship from 1958–59; having entered the NROTC program to fund his undergraduate studies, Babbs was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the Marine Corps following the end of his fellowship. He trained as a helicopter pilot and served in one of the first American advisory units in Vietnam from 1962-63 prior to his discharge and reunion with Kesey in 1964. Babbs had no understanding of the impact the war had on him until he received his orders to go to Vietnam. His insight soon began to take definition. Babbs later stated that he “had no perceptions of the right or wrong of the situation before I went to Vietnam, but it took about six weeks to realize we were wasting our time there... being humble, respectlocal customs, learn[ing the language and helping does more good than hurting.”
In the fall of 1958, Babbs took a writing class at Stanford with another Wilson Fellow, Ken Kesey. Babbs later described meeting Kesey as “a moment of mirth and sadness, highness and lowliness, interchanging of ideas and musical moments.” They soon became best friends, maintained a correspondence while Babbs was stationed in the Far East with the Marines, and eventually formed the Merry Pranksters.
Acid Tests and Furthur.
What started as a Happening emerged into a global frenzy and inspired people, still today. According to Babbs, a Happening is something that “can’t be planned ..It just happens! It takes place in public or private and involves everyone present. In Phoenix in 1964, we painted ‘A Vot for Barry is a Vot for Fun’ on the side of the bus and waved flags and played stars and stripes forever..this qualified as both a prank and a Happening.” .
The most famous happening of the Pranksters was the nationwide trip on the Furthur. While on a trip to New York, the Pranksters needed an automobile that could hold fourteen people and all of their filming and taping equipment. One of the members saw a “revamped school bus” in San Francisco that was for sale. The Pranksters bought the bus and named it “Furthur”. Babbs was the engineer for the bus. Babbs is mostly credited for the sound systems he created for the Trips Festival. Prior to Babbs’ creation, it was discovered that particular music usually sounded distorted when cranked to high levels because of the cement floor on the San Francisco Longshoreman’s Union Hall (where the Trips Festival was taking place). Babbs being a sound engineer resolved the problem. He made sound amplifiers that would not create distorted sounds when turned up to high sound levels.
The purpose for this Happening was to link the psychedelic tribes from the west and the east. Many people tend to remember the east tribe because of Timothy Leary and LSD. Many misjudgments have been made on the Pranksters and their promotion of LSD. However, Babbs makes it clear that “just because we used LSD does not mean we were promoting its use. (LSD) is a dangerous drug..a way, I guess, of breaking down the conformist ideology.” .
During the legendary Prankster cross country bus trip to the New York World's fair in 1964, an epic movie was filmed and shown at several “Acid Tests”. The film is called "The Merry Pranksters Search for a Kool Place". Some have compared the Prankster’s trip to the Acid Tests. Babbs assures that the “Acid Tests came after the bus trip and came about because we were editing the movie of the bus trip and began renting places to show the movie and play our music.” What inspired the Acid Tests was when the Pranksters met the Grateful Dead. Babbs relates to that time as “it was the power that propelled the rocket ship everyone rode to the stars and beyond the whole night the acid test took place.” 
Looking back at his experiences as a Merry Prankster, Babbs says he wants younger and future generations to carry on “love, peace, and happiness; extended in practicality to the simple act of helping one another out, being kind and generous.” 
Keeping Kesey's legacy alive.
Babbs' current project is promoting Ken Kesey's book "Kesey’s Jail Journal". Babbs recently had a showing at an art gallery in Oregon to display Kesey’s artwork. Babbs said that the art gallery’s main attraction is “the artwork from Kesey’s Jail Journal”. Because of Kesey’s popularity and inspiration, Viking Press brought his jail journal last November. The exhibit consists of all Kesey’s artwork during his lifetime. Babbs hopes that “this exhibit will tour the country and the rest of the world.”
Later years.
Babbs currently lives on his farm in Dexter, Oregon (near Kesey’s house) with his wife Eileen, an English teacher at South Eugene High School. In 1994, he helped Kesey co-write The Last Go Round, about the oldest and largest rodeos in America. Babbs is also founder and leader of the Sky Pilot Club. Many of Babbs's trips are now available to watch on YouTube. Babbs recently published a novel based on his life in the armed forces during the first years of the Vietnam War, 'Who Shot the Water Buffalo?'
Quotes.
"People always were saying, ‘Is this the real bus?’ and he would say, ‘Yes, there’s only one bus, like there’s only one Starship Enterprise."

</doc>
<doc id="2924921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924921" title="Principle of original horizontality">
Principle of original horizontality

The Principle of Original Horizontality was proposed by the Danish geological pioneer Nicholas Steno (1638–1686). This principle states that layers of sediment are originally deposited horizontally under the action of gravity. The principle is important to the analysis of folded and tilted strata. 
From these observations is derived the conclusion that the Earth has not been static and that great forces have been at work over long periods of time, further leading to the conclusions of the science of plate tectonics; that movement and collisions of large plates of the Earth's crust is the cause of folded strata.
As one of Steno's Laws, the Principle of Original Horizontality served well in the nascent days of geological science. However, it is now known that not all sedimentary layers are deposited purely horizontally.
For instance, coarser grained sediments such as sand may be deposited at angles of up to 15 degrees, held up by the internal friction between grains which prevents them slumping to a lower angle without additional reworking or effort. This is known as the angle of repose, and a prime example is the surface of sand dunes. 
Similarly, sediments may drape over a pre-existing inclined surface: these sediments are usually deposited conformably to the pre-existing surface. Also sedimentary beds may pinch out along strike, implying that slight angles existed during their deposition.
Thus the Principle of Original Horizontality is widely, but not universally, applicable in the study of sedimentology, stratigraphy and structural geology.

</doc>
<doc id="2924932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924932" title="Homayoun Shajarian">
Homayoun Shajarian

Homayoun Shajarian (Persian: همايون شجريان) (born 21 May 1975) is a renowned Persian classical music vocalist, as well as a Tombak and Kamancheh player.
Biography.
He was born in Tehran in a music-dedicated family. He is the son of Mohammad Reza Shajarian, the "grand master" vocalist of Persian traditional music. Upon his father's advice, he began studying knowledge of technique and rhythm under supervision of Nasser Farhangfar, master of the tombak, a Persian hand drum, at the age of five. Afterwards, he also continued learning the tombak under Jamshid Mohebbi's supervision. He commenced learning Persian traditional vocal Avaz at the age of ten, alongside his older sisters under their father’s supervision and gained knowledge of Avaz techniques and voice-producing. Simultaneously, he attended Tehran Conservatory of Music and chose Kamancheh as his professional instrument as well as being tutored by Ardeshir Kamkar. In 1991, he accompanied father in concerts of Ava Music Ensemble in US, Europe and Iran, playing Tombak; and from 1999 on, started accompanying father also on vocals. His first independent work Nassim-e Vasl, composed by Mohammad Javad Zarrabian, was published on his 28th birthday, in 21 May 2003.
Discography:

</doc>
<doc id="2924943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924943" title="Inside Sport">
Inside Sport

Inside Sport is an Australian sport magazine published by nextmedia. It began publication in 1991. "Inside Sport" largely comprises articles by freelance journalists, covering a wide array of sports. It focuses on sporting content, sports photography, and the attention given to models and their photo shoots. The magazine is published by Horwitz, in Sydney.
In 2000, the publication won the award for Magazine of the Year in Australia. It also won the Walkley Award for sports coverage across all media in 2004. 
Nikki Visser has appeared on the cover of Inside Sport four times; July 1996, July 1998, April 1999 and March 2002. The magazine also organised an annual national model contest -The Inside Sport Model Search- which ran from 1996 until 2008. Notable contestants included Nikki Visser, Nicky Whelan, Imogen Bailey, Grace McClure and Jennifer Hawkins.
In May 2007, the magazine's editors made the decision to cease using a scantically-clad 'sports model' to illustrate the cover and centre-pages of each issue (many of the women featured were professional models or entertainment celebrities rather than actual athletes). Instead, a notable sportsperson, male or female, would adorn the cover each month. This decision was made to improve sales which in mid-2007 had fallen to 23,000 per month down from a monthly peak circulation of 80,000 in the late 1990s. The new policy was also intended to change the 'blokey' image of the magazine and to establish it as a serious sports publication rather than just another 'Lad's Mag'. However in 2008, the November issue of Inside Sport attracted some criticism for featuring a photo of Australian swimming champion Stephanie Rice on its cover which was allegedly heavily airbrushed.
In May 2012, it was reported that sales for Inside Sport had increased by 7%, defying a current trend of declining sales for male-orientated sports & lifestyle magazines. By November 2012, sales had increased by over 27%. In March 2014, it was reported that the magazine's readership had declined by over 21% in the previous 12 months.

</doc>
<doc id="2924945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924945" title="Rita Verdonk">
Rita Verdonk

Maria Cornelia Frederika "Rita" Verdonk (born October 18, 1955) is a Dutch politician; she was a leader of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) for some time, and later founded a new party, Proud of the Netherlands (Trots). In 2011 she retired from politics. She earlier served as Minister for Integration and Immigration in the Cabinets Balkenende II and III. During her time as Minister for Integration and Immigration, she was considered to be the most powerful and influential Minister of the Cabinets Balkenende II and III. In 2006 after the Minister of Justice Piet Hein Donner resigned following a Netherlands Safety Board enquiry into a fire at a cell block near Schiphol Airport, she served as Minister of Justice from September 21, 2006 till September 22, 2006.
After the Dutch general election of 2006, the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy lost seats. It became the leading Opposition party against the Cabinet Balkenende IV. Verdonk was elected as a Member of the House of Representatives, but after continuing disagreement with Party leader Mark Rutte, she was expelled from the parliamentary faction of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy on September 13, 2007. One month later she cancelled her membership, after a reconciliation attempt failed and the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy party board initiated a procedure of exclusion.
In October 2007, she announced the creation of her own political movement, Proud of the Netherlands (Dutch: "Trots op Nederland"). She was the Lijsttrekker of the Proud of the Netherlands party for the Dutch general election of 2010, but did not win any seats. On October 21, 2011 she announced her retirement from politics.
The Proud of the Netherlands party eventually merged with the Independent Citizens' Party (OBP) of Hero Brinkman to form the new Democratic Political Turning Point (DPK) party. This party was described as filling a gap on the political right.
Biography.
Early life.
Maria Cornelia Frederika Verdonk was born on October 18, 1955 in Utrecht. She attended High School at Utrecht's "Niels Stensen College" at the atheneum level. She went on to study sociology at the Radboud University in Nijmegen, which at the time was considered left-wing, and specialized in the sociology of organisations and criminology. 
Verdonk was member of a sub-faculty board of the University and a member of the activist group "Bond voor Wetsovertreders" (BWO; English: "Union for Lawbreakers") which had close ties with the far-left Pacifist Socialist Party. Its 1977 manifesto included as the organisation's aims: "to curb and/or prevent material damage and immaterial damage inflicted to individuals or groups in our society by the Dutch legal system". The BWO campaigned for detainee minimum wages, the abolition of censorship of letters for detainees, and the right to unsupervised visits, amongst more issues. The group visited inmates at a local prison and undertook legal interventions on their behalf.
Verdonk participated in a non-violent human blockade during the Pierson riots of 1981, when plans for housing demolition to make room for a parking lot triggered violent civil unrest. Because of her activism during this period, she earned the nickname "Red Rita." 
After graduating in 1983, Verdonk became a trainee at the Department of Correction at the Ministry of Justice. In 1984, she was promoted to Assistant-Director at the Scheveningen Detention Centre. In 1988, she became a member of the board of the Prison 'De Schie' in Rotterdam. In 1992, she switched to the Ministry of Justice's department of Youth and Hospital Orders Institutions, where she reached the position of Vice-Director. In 1996, she was appointed as Director of the Department of State Security of the Ministry of Interior Affairs.
Between 1999 and 2003 she was Senior Manager / Director of the consulting firm KPMG (as of 2002, Atos KPMG Consulting). In 2002 she became a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) to become more active in politics. In a 2006 article, some of Verdonk's friends and colleagues from her Nijmegen days expressed surprise at Verdonk's radical switch in political orientation after graduating in 1983. Some observed that Verdonk had never held outspoken left-wing ideals and criticized communist regimes; others hypothesized that it was part of a growing-up phase; a former treasurer of the BWO suspected that Verdonk had been a police informer all those years.
Minister for Integration.
In 2003, Verdonk was appointed Minister for Integration and Immigration. She soon developed a reputation for toughness and outspokenness, with her uncompromising immigration policies earning her the nickname "IJzeren Rita" (Iron Rita). As a minister, Verdonk enjoyed a rare level of recognition and popularity amongst voters, but was also reviled by many as a populist with an impulsive style of governing. In June 2004 Verdonk was smeared with ketchup by two members of an extreme left organisation. These small incidents, combined with the political murders of politician Pim Fortuyn in 2002 and film director Theo van Gogh in 2004, were reasons for the Dutch Ministry of Interior Affairs to monitor Verdonk's security tightly for her protection. Since June 4, 2008 this monitoring has ceased by agreement in the Cabinet, since the threat level has gone down.
Asylum case of Ayaan Hirsi Ali.
Earlier in 2006, a TV programme had reported that MP Hirsi Ali had provided false information on her asylum application in 1992: her name and date of birth, and the country where she had been residing prior to seeking asylum. Members of her family interviewed on the TV programme denied her earlier claims of seeking asylum to prevent a forced marriage that she objected to; they said she had agreed to it. A government investigation resulted in many questions about her earlier claims.
Based on a recent ruling by the "Hoge Raad" (Supreme Court), Verdonk said that Hirsi Ali did not have legitimate Dutch citizenship. According to the Hoge Raad, unless very special circumstances had arisen, Dutch citizenship could not be granted if the subject had lied about his or her name and date of birth. In a broadcast on the Dutch public network, Hirsi Ali had admitted that she had lied about her name and date of birth in her application and omitted that she had been living with her family for 12 years in Kenya, having stated she had come directly from Somalia, which had a civil war. The decision by Verdonk caused a lot of controversy: VVD-deputy prime minister Zalm said he was surprised that events known for years suddenly resulted in action by Verdonk two days after a television program about Hirsi Ali's past. He said Verdonk has disqualified herself from being #1 candidate for the VVD in the coming elections. On May 16, 2006, Verdonk was criticized by MP Ayaan Hirsi Ali and Gerrit Zalm, deputy prime minister, prominent members of her political party, the VVD, for her decision to revoke Hirsi Ali's passport.
In a session in parliament on the issue of Hirsi Ali's citizenship, Verdonk said that she had no choice, as Hirsi Ali's Dutch passport was issued with an incorrect name and incorrect date of birth. Some members of parliament suggested that Verdonk's stern actions were a result of her political ambitions in the 2006 VVD leadership elections. The result of the debate was that Verdonk promised to have another look at the case and see if it was possible for Hirsi Ali keep her citizenship.
On June 27, 2006 Verdonk informed parliament of her decision to allow MP Ayaan Hirsi Ali to keep her Dutch passport. According to Verdonk, Hirsi Ali had presented her with new convincing evidence related to her use of her grandfather's surname, and the false date of birth was not alone sufficient to remove her passport. The next day, a parliamentary debate took place, in which minister Verdonk and prime-minister Jan Peter Balkenende were questioned about the decision. At the end of the first period of the debate, the prime minister said that Hirsi Ali had to sign a letter accepting responsibility for her false statements, in order to retain her citizenship. Otherwise, the solution would not be acceptable for minister Verdonk.
In the second period of the debate, a vote of no confidence was proposed by the Green Party GroenLinks. It was supported by the Balkenende cabinet coalition partner, Democrats 66 (D66). The vote did not meet the required majority as it was opposed by the right-wing populist LPF. Because a coalition partner supported the motion—a unique situation in Dutch politics—the Balkenende cabinet had to decide if this had consequences for Rita Verdonk as minister, and the second Balkenende cabinet.
Van Beek, a MP for the VVD, said after the debate that it would be almost unthinkable that if Verdonk resigned, the cabinet would stay intact, as one the coalition partners of the cabinet had lost its confidence in the minister. D66, feeling dissatisfied that minister Verdonk did not resign following the debate, withdrew its support for the cabinet. This resulted in the cabinet's fall on June 29.
Outgoing Minister.
On November 30, 2006 the new parliament was sworn in as the result of elections a week earlier. On November 1, Labour Party leader Wouter Bos proposed a motion for what in effect would constitute an amnesty for an estimated 26,000 asylum seekers who had asked for asylum more than five years ago and had their asylum applications turned down. This motion requested of the cabinet, "in anticipation of a definite discussion on the amnesty by the new House of Representatives, not to take any irreversible measures with respect to this group".
During her tenure as Minister for Immigration, Verdonk had specifically cited the rejection of those 26,000 persons as an example of her toughening of the immigration laws ("see Policy below"). The motion was passed with a 75-74 majority, the VVD, Prime Minister Balkenende's CDA, and the right-wing PVV and SGP parties dissenting. Both Verdonk, although now considered a 'caretaker', and Prime Minister Balkenende criticized the motion. There was speculation that Verdonk resigned for this reason. On December 3, after several meetings, the cabinet decided not to honor the motion, because an amnesty would be impossible to implement. It agreed to postpone expulsion of asylum seekers until after a special parliamentary session to be held on December 12.
During this December 12 session, a motion was proposed by the PvdA asking Verdonk to refrain from acting on expulsions until the new cabinet was formed. This motion wassupported by all the left-wing and centre-left parties and it passed with a slim 76-72 majority. Verdonk claimed this motion amounted to a "de facto" amnesty and affirmed her wel-known stance: any amnesty was unenforceable. She declared expulsions would continue after the debate, before cabinet could issue an official statement the next day. Verdonk also refused to postpone those expulsions for another 24 hours until a new debate could take place the next day. In reaction, the whole parliament asked for an official statement from the cabinet that same evening.
Following an additional debate, during which Prime Minister Balkenende said that Verdonk had the full support of the cabinet, a motion of no confidence was accepted by the same coalition of left-wing parties. Before the vote took place, Mark Rutte declared that should Verdonk resign, all VVD ministers would join her. The cabinet was in a 10-hour meeting on December 13 before deciding that all ministers would stay on and that Hirsch Ballin would take over Verdonk's responsibility for immigration. In exchange, Verdonk added Hirsch Ballin's justice department responsibilities over youth care, prevention and probation to her portfolio. Hirsch Ballin could execute the December 12 motion started by the PvdA, and postpone the expulsions of asylum seekers based on humanitarian grounds, such as the responsibility for under-age children, until a new cabinet was formed.
On February 22, 2007 Verdonk stood down as minister when the fourth cabinet Balkenende was installed. Her portfolios were taken over by Ella Vogelaar (integration) and Nebahat Albayrak (immigration).
Policy.
Verdonk's most discussed propositions and decisions are:
Minister Verdonk was called to parliament for the following issues:
As a minister, Verdonk has proposed the following, which have not become law:
Verdonk strictly applied the Alien Integration Act of 1998 (Wet Inburgering Nieuwkomers), which was introduced by Job Cohen, the social democratic State Secretary for Justice in the Cabinet Kok II.
2006 Bid for VVD leadership.
On April 4, 2006, Verdonk announced her ambition to become political leader and to succeed Jozias van Aartsen as the lijsttrekker of the VVD for the coming elections, at the time expected to be held 2006. Her direct competitors in the leadership election were staatssecretaris of Education Mark Rutte and MP Jelleke Veenendaal. Although her political views on subjects other than immigration and integration had mostly been unclear, she was a likely candidate. Shortly after announcing she would be candidate, a poll for the RTL 4 News estimated that 56% of the people preferred Verdonk as the leader of the VVD. Verdonk was advised by Kay van de Linde, who had been part of anti-immigration politician Pim Fortuyn's 2002 election campaign, which was cut short by his assassination on May 6 of that year. Verdonk's opponents said that several of her statements and policies seemed to exploit xenophobic emotions in the country. On an official visit to Morocco, when visiting a poor neighbourhood, she remarked, "I do not understand why these Moroccans come to the Netherlands. There is so much work to do here".
On May 31, 2006, Verdonk lost to Mark Rutte in the 2006 VVD leadership election, gaining 46% of the vote, less than the majority required.
"De Telegraaf" reported on 23 June 2006 that Verdonk discussed policies with Marco Pastors of Leefbaar Rotterdam. The news report fueled fears that Verdonk might leave the VVD in order to form a new right-wing political party allied with Leefbaar Rotterdam and Lijst Pim Fortuyn. Verdonk denied the rumour
In the 2006 election, Verdonk received a greater number of preference votes (620,555) than the VVD lijsttrekker Mark Rutte (553,200). As a result, on November 28 she held a press conference in which she urged the party to rethink their policies via a special committee. She renewed her desire to become party leader but said she would for the present remain loyal to Rutte. A few hours later on November 28, after meeting with the party, she withdrew both ideas. Chances of Verdonk to become party leader decreased with this action, described as an "attempted coup" by media and party members.
On January 21, 2007 NRC Handelsblad profiled Verdonk (caption: "Holland at my feet"), observing that her election-campaign team was not resolved. It said that she was still determined to grab the VVD leadership, possibly right after the March provincial 2007 elections, in the event that her opponent Rutte again performed poorly.
Controversies.
In the "HP/De Tijd" issue of 5 June 2007, Verdonk said the following about Mark Rutte: "He is a decent VVD member, but he's not really right-wing. I really can't see how he would be." Rutte objected to this statement, but the prominent VVD elder statesman Hans Wiegel defended Verdonk. Verdonk finally apologised for her statement. After the controversy, the popularity of the VVD in the opinion polls decreased. Rutte gave Verdonk a final warning and said that VVD members had to "obey or get lost".
Around 21 June 2007, "Radboud Magazine" published an interview with Verdonk, in which she said that the VVD was "hijacked" by "left-wing liberals", and that she wanted to "undo" that. Although Rutte had warned her before, he didn't take any action, because the interview had been done in April before his warning.
VVD member of Parliament.
From November 2006 until September 2007, Verdonk served as member of parliament for the VVD in the opposition benches as the education specialist.
Independent member of Parliament.
On 13 September 2007, Verdonk criticised the direction of the VVD again. She said that the VVD was "invisible" in the debate about immigration. The party met to decide on the fate of Verdonk. Rutte said he wanted to expel her. Later that afternoon, news reports confirmed that Verdonk had been expelled. Rutte said that "Verdonk had damaged the reputation of the VVD due to remarks in the media far too often". Verdonk said she would continue in the House of Representatives and that she would not give up her seat. She also confirmed that she would not join the Partij voor de Vrijheid. Geert Wilders, leader of the PVV, was disappointed by this comment and said he still wanted to speak with Verdonk about a possible joint party. Prominent VVD members such as Hans Wiegel and Frans Weisglas spoke of a "disastrous" decision by Rutte.
The next day, Verdonk said that she still needed some more time to think over her decision again, but Rutte declined this, and she was formally expelled from the parliamentary faction of the VVD on 14 September 2007. In October 2007, the VVD party board gave her the option of either giving up her parliamentary seat, or face exclusion procedures from the party. Verdonk announced that she would leave the party but stay in Parliament. After further consideration, she announced the creation of a new political movement, Proud of the Netherlands (Trots op NL), which she launched in April 2008.
According to opinion polls published on December 6, 2009, Verdonk's movement, Trots op NL, would win one seat in the Dutch parliament. In the 2010 elections Trots won no seat. She resigned from politics in 2011. The party has combined with another party on the right.

</doc>
<doc id="2924962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924962" title="Nikon Coolpix 7900">
Nikon Coolpix 7900

The Nikon Coolpix 7900 is a compact, point-and-shoot digital camera which was manufactured and distributed by Nikon in 2005. It has since been discontinued.

</doc>
<doc id="2924966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924966" title="Mohammad Asif (Omani cricketer)">
Mohammad Asif (Omani cricketer)

Mohammad Asif Urdu: محمد آصف, born 1 January 1970 in Karachi, is an Pakistan-born Omani cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and right-arm offbreak bowler. He made several appearances as a batsman in the 2005 ICC Trophy and has also played List A cricket for the Oman national cricket team.

</doc>
<doc id="2924973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924973" title="Oceans of Fun">
Oceans of Fun

Oceans of Fun is a tropically-themed water park that opened on May 31, 1982, in Kansas City, Missouri, to celebrate Worlds of Fun's 10th year anniversary. At the time it was opened it was the largest water park in the world. It is owned and operated by Cedar Fair Entertainment Co. Oceans of Fun is adjacent to the Worlds of Fun amusement park.
History.
On August 31, 2012, Oceans of Fun announced the largest-ever expansion in 2013. It was also announced that Worlds of Fun will no longer be separately gated and be combined with Oceans of Fun. A new slide complex, tall will also be built including 6 new slides. The water park will be completely renovated, and construction began in 2012.
Slides and attractions.
A complete guide can be found on the website, with complete details on height and ride requirements.
Services.
Oceans of Fun has four restaurants with varying menus (including burgers, pizza, and Sub sandwiches) located throughout the park. There are also other food locations with funnel cakes, Dippin' Dots, soft pretzels, and ice cream novelties. There is also an adult pool with a swim-up full-service bar. OOF does offer picnic areas, and with a small additional cost any sized group can eat a catered all you can eat BBQ meal. OOF also offers Locker and Tube Rentals. It is included with admission to Worlds of Fun, beginning in the 2013 season. First Aid is located near the Surf City Wave Pool.

</doc>
<doc id="2924982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924982" title="Consent (BDSM)">
Consent (BDSM)

Consent within BDSM is when a participant gives their permission for certain acts or types of relationships. It bears much in common with the concept of informed consent. It is an issue that attracts much attention within BDSM, as well from outside observers. 
Legal consent is a separate and largely unrelated matter. The importance of consent is simultaneously a personal, ethical, and social issue. Acts undertaken with a lack of consent are considered abusive and shunned within the BDSM subculture.
__TOC__
Concept of consent.
Consent is an explicit agreement to acts, terms, and conditions. It can be confirmed verbally and/or in writing. 
The underlying principle is a classical liberal idea that a person's freedom can be measured by lack of interference with their personal choices. As in classical liberalism, the harm principle comes into play. Consent, within BDSM and some academic schools of thought, is what separates legally actionable harm from legitimate personal freedom. 
Informed consent is the idea that consent is offered with sufficient information and understanding of what is being agreed upon. As in vanilla society, an impairment of mental state or decision making abilities is considered a state in which informed, rational consent cannot be offered.
Another concept is contemporaneous consent. That is about *when* consent is offered and how it can be revoked. Legally, if someone says "no," "stop," or any other related things, you are obligated to stop. That is contemporaneous consent. This can conflict with concepts like total power exchange and consensual nonconsent. This is an area of significant philosophical conflict within BDSM communities.
Scope of consent.
Consent is a vital element in all psychological play, and consent can be granted in many ways. Some employ a written form known as a "Dungeon negotiation form"; for others a simple verbal commitment is sufficient. Consent can be limited both in duration and content.
Temporary consent.
It is not unusual to grant consent only for an hour or for an evening. When a scene lasts for more than a few hours, some might decide to draft a "scene contract" that defines what will happen and who is responsible for what. Some "contracts" can become quite detailed and run for many pages, especially if a scene is to last a weekend or more.
Indefinite and long term consent.
For long term consent, a "Slave Contract" is sometimes used. BDSM "contracts" are "only" agreements between consenting adults and are not legally binding; in fact, the possession of one may be considered illegal in some areas. Slave contracts are simply a way of defining the nature and limits of the relationship. Other couples know each other's likes and dislikes and play accordingly. Such arrangements typically use a safeword, a signal by one or more of the participants that the action in question should either stop or that the session should end completely.
Consensual non-consent.
Consensual non-consent, also called meta-consent and blanket consent, is a mutual agreement to be able to act as if consent has been waived. It is an agreement where comprehensive consent is given in advance, with the intent of it being irrevocable under most circumstances. This often occurs without foreknowledge of the exact actions planned.
Consensual non-consent is considered a show of extreme trust and understanding. It is controversial within BDSM circles, even often frowned upon due to concerns about abuse and safety. It is mainly limited to those in Owner/property and 24/7 Master/slave relationships. 
In recent years the term has also been used for the practice in play sessions. In the past, the term consensual non-consent was reserved to committed relationships, while the play practice used the umbrella term of edge play. This expanded scope is contentious and the subject of acrimonious debates.
In limited parts of the online BDSM community, "consensual non-consent" is instead used to refer to rape play that includes the use of safe words. This use of the term is commonly frowned upon, especially among total power exchange lifestyle participants. Experienced practitioners of BDSM generally discourage others from using "consensual non-consent" to indicate rape play. This attitude arises from the belief that it is a miscommunication potentially leading to serious and irreparable psychological harm.
Negotiation.
Negotiation is a discussion about what is acceptable and what is off limits between partners. It is a crucial element for consent within the BDSM subculture. Negotiation can be formal with a complete checklist of acceptable and unacceptable acts. It can also be informal or ad hoc as part of the regular flow of a relationship. The culture of BDSM encourages a more formalized and explicit process. Clear negotiation for consent is the norm.
Informal negotiation is the process of discovering limits and interests along the way. Things are up for discussion and consent is granted on a case by case basis. However, over time the consent granted typically becomes broader before hitting a plateau. Negotiation in this sense resembles regular vanilla relationship discussions and debates.
Formal negotiation goes through a comprehensive list of questions and disclosures. This can be a broad process, setting out the boundaries for a long-term relationship. It can also be a narrow process that only addresses one or two specific actions, like negotiating for hypnotic trance or a thuddy flogging. This is fairly popular with play partner arrangements and "pick up" play in BDSM clubs, as it helps set very clear boundaries.
Models and philosophy.
BDSM communities share a common language of consent. Various models are expressed as acronyms representing differening approaches towards a philosophy of consent.
SSC.
SSC stands for Safe, Sane, Consensual. It is far and away the most recognizable and popular model of consent in BDSM circles, though not without criticism.
RACK.
RACK stands for Risk-Aware Consensual Kink. It is the second most popular consent model. It was created to overcome perceived shortcomings of SSC.
PRICK.
PRICK stands for Personal Responsibility Informed Consensual Kink. It is an alternative to RACK that emphasizes personal responsibility for choices and consequences.
Legal aspects.
Several of the activities in sexual BDSM play would be considered illegal and fall under the definitions of rape, assault or similar crimes or torts, if performed without consent. However, most legal systems include a general defense that activities performed with the victim's consent shall not be considered a crime or a tort. This raises some legal and ethical issues, such as:
These concerns apply not only to BDSM but to every kind of interaction between persons. See Consent (criminal) for the general discussion.
The issue of consent in BDSM has caused a controversy in some countries since certain activities, (including some kinds of edgeplay) remains unlawful even when consent has been freely given. In such countries, these activities will always be viewed by law enforcement as unlawful when discovered, even though the activities have been entirely private. The Spanner case in England demonstrates the point, where participants in a consensual mutual BDSM play party were arrested. At all stages, the national and European Court ruled against them on the basis that a person under English law may not give consent to anything more than minor injury. Interested people may think that private mutual activities should not be the subject of law as a matter of public policy, a view which has some legal backing in the United States from the case of Lawrence v. Texas where it was effectively ruled that the state lacked the power to declare an activity illegal purely on the basis of moral opinion.
The March 5th 2007 conviction of Glenn Marcus on counts of sex trafficking & forced labor renewed much debate on this issue. Likewise in April 2007, two UK men were convicted of false imprisonment in a case where a third party who had been treated like a dog asserted the matter had not been consensual.

</doc>
<doc id="2924983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924983" title="Kastner train">
Kastner train

The Kastner train consisted of 35 cattle trucks that left Budapest on 30 June 1944, during the German occupation of Hungary, carrying over 1,600 Jews to safety in Switzerland. The train was named after Rudolf Kastner, a Jewish-Hungarian lawyer and journalist, who was a founding member of the Budapest Aid and Rescue Committee, a group that smuggled Jews out of occupied Europe during the Holocaust. Kastner negotiated with Adolf Eichmann, the German SS officer in charge of deporting Hungary's Jews to Auschwitz in Poland, to allow over 1,600 Jews to escape in exchange for gold, diamonds and cash.
Compared by Kastner to a Noah's ark, the train was organized during the deportations to Auschwitz in May–July 1944 of 437,000 Hungarian Jews, three-quarters of whom were sent to the gas chambers. Its passengers were chosen from a wide range of social classes and included around 273 children, many of them orphaned. The wealthiest 150 passengers paid $1,000 each to cover their own and the others' escape. After a journey of several weeks, including a diversion to the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp in Germany, 1,670 passengers reached Switzerland in August and December 1944.
Kastner emigrated to Israel in 1947. He was a spokesman for the Minister of Trade and Industry when his negotiations with Eichmann became the subject of controversy. Kastner had been told in April or May 1944 of the mass murder that was taking place inside Auschwitz. Allegations spread after the war that he had done nothing to warn the wider community, but had focused instead on trying to save a smaller number. The inclusion on the train of his family, as well as 388 people from the ghetto in his home town of Kolozsvár, reinforced the view of his critics that his actions had been self-serving. 
The allegations culminated in Kastner being accused in a newsletter of having been a Nazi collaborator. The government sued for libel on his behalf, and the defendant's lawyer turned the trial into an indictment of the Mapai (Labour) leadership and its alleged failure to help Europe's Jews. The judge found against the government, ruling that Kastner had "sold his soul to the devil" by negotiating with Eichmann and selecting some Jews to be saved while failing to alert others. Kastner was assassinated in Tel Aviv in March 1957. Nine months later the Supreme Court of Israel overturned most of the lower court's ruling, stating in a 4–1 decision that the judge had "erred seriously."
Rudolf Kastner.
Rudolf Kastner (1906–1957), also known as Israel Rezső Kasztner, was born in Kolozsvár, Austria-Hungary. Kastner attended law school, then worked as a journalist for "Új Kelet" as a sports reporter and political commentator. He also became an assistant to Dr. József Fischer, a member of the Romanian parliament and leading member of the National Jewish Party, and in 1934 married Fischer's daughter, Erzsébet (Elizabeth, known as Bogyó).
Kastner gained a reputation as a political fixer and joined the Ihud party, later known as Mapai, a left-wing Zionist party. He also helped to set up the Aid and Rescue Committee, along with Joel and Hansi Brand, Samuel Springmann, Ottó Komoly, a Budapest engineer, Ernő Szilágyi from the "Hashomer Hatzair", and several others. According to Joel Brand, the group helped 22,000–25,000 Jews in Nazi-occupied Europe reach the relative safety of Hungary between 1941 and March 1944, before the German invasion of that country on 19 March that year.
The passengers.
The passengers were chosen by a committee that included Kastner, Ottó Komoly, and Hansi Brand from the Aid and Rescue Committee, as well as Zsigmond Leb, a former president of the Orthodox community in Cluj. Israeli legal scholar Asher Maoz writes that Kastner told the Zionist Congress after the war, in a report he wrote about the actions of the Aid and Rescue Committee, that he saw the train as a "Noah's ark," because it contained a cross-section of the Jewish community, and in particular people who had worked in public service.
According to Jeno Kölb, a passenger who kept a diary, there were 972 female and 712 male passengers in all; the oldest was 85, the youngest was born on the train. Ladislaus Löb, another passenger (see right), writes that the exact number on board when the train left Budapest remains uncertain, because in the early stages of the journey several passengers disembarked, fearing that the train would end up in Auschwitz, while others took their places. Several women threw their young children on board at the last minute. What is known is that 1,684 passengers were registered when the train (unexpectedly) reached the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp near Hannover on 9 July.
According to Löb, the passengers included 199 Zionists from Transylvania and 230 from Budapest, and 126 Orthodox and ultra-Orthodox Jews, among them 40 rabbis; one of the rabbis was Joel Teitelbaum, the Satmar rebbe. There were scholars, artists, housewives, peasants, farmers, industrialists and bankers, journalists, teachers and nurses. The writer Béla Zsolt was on board, as was the psychiatrist Léopold Szondi, the opera singer Dezső Ernster, the artist István Irsai, and Peter Munk, who became a businessman in Canada. There were also 388 people from Kastner's home town of Cluj, including family members. His mother, Helen Kastner, was given a place, as was his brother Ernő, his pregnant wife Bogyó (she gave birth to a daughter, Zsuzsi, in Switzerland in December 1944), along with her father József Fischer, and Bogyó's other relatives. Erno Szilagyi of the Aid and Rescue Committee was on board, as were Joel Brand's mother, sister, and niece Margit, and the daughters of Ottó Komoly and Samuel Stern.
Porter writes that each passenger was allowed to bring two changes of clothing, six sets of underwear, and food for 10 days. Three suitcases of cash, jewels, gold, and shares of stock, amounting to about $1000 per person, were paid to SS officer Kurt Becher in ransom.
The journey.
Linz, Austria.
According to Bauer, the train was stopped at the Hungarian-Austrian border, where it could head west, or east to Auschwitz. The passengers started panicking; he writes that Joel Teitelbaum and his party sent off messages asking people to save them, and only them. Eichmann decided, for reasons that remain unclear, to divert the train to the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp in northwest Germany, near Hannover.
The train passed through Linz in Austria, where passengers disembarked and were sent to a military delousing station for medical inspections and showers. They were forced to strip and stand naked for hours waiting to see medical personnel or go into the showers; the women were subjected to intimate examinations by the doctors, supposedly in a search for lice. They also had their heads and pubic regions shaved.
Several passengers believed the showers would turn out to be gas chambers, something that Löb writes one of the SS guards confirmed with a grin. Bauer cites this fear as evidence that the Hungarian-Jewish community was well aware of the information about the gas chambers inside Auschwitz. Between August 1943 and May 1944, Rudolf Vrba and three other Auschwitz escapees had passed information about the gas chambers to Jewish and other officials; it was this information that Vrba believed Kastner had access to but did not distribute widely enough.
Bergen-Belsen, Germany.
When the train reached Bergen-Belsen on Sunday, 9 July, the passengers were taken to a special section, the "Ungarnlager" (Hungarian camp), where they were held for weeks, and in some cases months. Löb writes that their daily diet consisted of 330 grams of a grey, dense bread, 15 grams of margarine, 25 grams of jam, 1 litre of vegetable (mostly turnip) soup, 1.5 litres of coffee substitute, and sometimes cheese or sausage, with milk and extra rations for children under 14. The group was allowed to organize itself and its activities, and with so many intellectuals among the passengers, there were regular poetry readings, and lectures in history, philosophy and religious education. The living arrangements were primitive, with 130–160 people crammed into each room. Ladislaus Löb describes a typical night, based on a diary kept by Szidonia Devecseri, another passenger:
The rabbi's wife tries in vain to stop her children, aged four and eight, fighting in her bunk. Her neighbours, kept awake by the din, swear at them. A woman screams because a mouse has run over her face. Bedbugs drop from the higher bunks onto the lower. Another woman screams because the little boy in the bunk above her has spilled the jam jar he uses as a chamber pot all over her. Somebody has whooping cough. Another little boy begs his mother not to beat him because in his sleep he wet the bunk he shares with her. She does and he squeals. A former night-club dancer tells dirty stories about her ex-colleagues to the refined Orthodox language teacher, who does not know whether to block her ears or to laugh. A spoilt rich wife has hung her clothes on all available nails, leaving no room for anybody else. The passage ends with: "In 24 out of 24 hours there is never a minute's silence ..."
Switzerland.
The first batch of 318 passengers arrived in Switzerland in August 1944, and the rest in December. There were several births and deaths, and about 17 continued to be detained in Bergen-Belsen on various pretexts. The total saved was about 1,670. The group was housed in the Swiss village of Caux, near Montreux, in requisitioned former luxury hotels. The Orthodox Jews were housed in the Regina (formerly the Grand Hotel), and the others in the Hotel Esplanade (formerly Caux-Palace).
Kastner trial.
The transport played a major role in the Kastner trial in Israel in 1954, in which the government of Israel sued Malchiel Gruenwald, a political pamphleteer, for libel after he self-published a pamphlet charging Kastner, by then an Israeli government spokesman, with collaboration. A major detail of Gruenwald's allegations was that Kastner had agreed to the rescue in return for remaining silent about the fate of the mass of Hungarian Jews. This accusation was accepted by the court, leading Judge Benjamin Halevi to declare that Kastner had "sold his soul to the devil." In 1958, most of the ruling was overturned by the Supreme Court of Israel. The Court upheld Judge Halevi's verdict on the manner in which Kastner offered testimony after the war on behalf of SS officer Kurt Becher.

</doc>
<doc id="2924991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924991" title="John F. Miller">
John F. Miller

John F. Miller may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2924997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924997" title="Hyperion (magazine)">
Hyperion (magazine)

Hyperion was a bimonthly literary magazine published out of Munich by Franz Blei and Carl Sternheim. Between 1908 and 1910, twelve booklets in ten editions appeared.
It was an expensively produced booklet with modern graphics created by Walter Tiemann. Not only major authors published in the magazine, but also unknown and first-published authors. The first eight prose works of Franz Kafka appeared in the magazine: "Die Bäume", "Kleider", "Die Abweisung", "Der Kaufmann", "Zerstreutes Hinausschaun", "Der Nachhauseweg", "Die Vorüberlaufenden" und "Der Fahrgast".

</doc>
<doc id="2925007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925007" title="Queen's Regulations and Orders for the Canadian Forces">
Queen's Regulations and Orders for the Canadian Forces

The Queen's Regulations and Orders for the Canadian Forces (QR&O) are regulations having the force of law for the governance of the Canadian Forces. They are regarded as the primary document of military law and regulations in Canada - aside from the National Defence Act.
Authority.
The QR&O are issued under the authority of Section 12 of the National Defence Act (NDA), the governing statute of the Canadian Forces. Section 12 provides the Governor in Council (i.e., the Governor-General acting on the advice of Cabinet) and the Minister of National Defence with the power to make "regulations" for the "organization, training, discipline, efficiency, administration, and government of the Forces"so long as such regulations are not inconsistent with the NDA, common-law principles of natural justice, the Canadian Bill of Rights or the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms; it also permits the Treasury Board to make regulations concerning pay, allowances, forfeitures, deductions, etc. 
QR&O 1.23 further authorizes the Chief of Defence Staff (CDS) to issue "orders" and instructions "not inconsistent with the National Defence Act or with any regulations made by the Governor in Council, the Treasury Board or the Minister" in the discharge of his duties or in implementation/explanation of regulations.[http://www.admfincs.forces.gc.ca/qr_o/vol1/ch001_e.asp#1.23]
Each regulation or order within the QR&O is, as noted above, issued under the authority of the Governor in Council, the Minister, Treasury Board, or CDS; the issuing authority is indicated by a letter in parentheses following each regulation or order, namely (G), (M), (T), and (C), respectively.
Volumes.
The QR&O is divided into four volumes, containing the indicated chapters:
Volume I - Administrative.
Volume I contains the most wide-ranging subject matter. It contains regulations and orders for the CF to cover almost every aspect of military life, from enrolment to release, and all items in between. It comprises the following chapters:
Volume II - Disciplinary.
Volume II amplifies the Code of Service Discipline and is the authoritative manual for military law in Canada. It contains the regulations governing the commission of service offences (ranging from treason to negligent discharges) and the prosecution and punishment thereof, from summary trials to the various kinds of court-martial. It comprises the following chapters:
Volume III - Financial.
Volume III lays out the framework of regulations that govern the financial issues of the CF, including pay, allotments, deductions, expenses, etc. It comprises the following chapters:
Volume IV - Appendices.
Volume IV contains supplementary rules and regulations. It also contains the texts of the NDA, the Security of Information Act, and other applicable Acts of Parliament. It comprises the following appendices:
Footnotes.
PLEASE DO NOT TYPE FOOTNOTES HERE OR BELOW. Instead insert the entire footnote in its proper spot in the body of the article using the tags. See for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags.-->

</doc>
<doc id="2925008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925008" title="Samuel Knight (priest)">
Samuel Knight (priest)

Samuel Knight (1675–1746) was an English clergyman and antiquary.
Life.
He was born in London the son of John Knight and attended St Paul's School, London and Trinity College, Cambridge (BA 1702, MA 1706), and received a Cambridge DD in 1706. He was ordained in 1704 and became chaplain to the Earl of Oxford. He was Rector of Borough Green, Cambridgeshire (1707-1746), Vicar of Chippenham, Cambridgeshire in 1707, Prebendary of Ely cathedral, (1714-1746) and Rector of Bluntisham, Huntingdonshire (1714-1746) .
He served as chaplain to King George II from 1730 to 1746 and as Archdeacon of Berkshire from 1735 to 1746. He was a Prebendary of Lincoln from 1742 to 1746 .
Knight died on 9 December 1746 and was buried in Bluntisham Church. He had a son Samuel.
Works.
He was a strong Protestant. In his biography of Erasmus, Knight argues, like many contemporary Protestants, that Erasmus was truly a Protestant at heart but did not fully express this during his lifetime. He focuses on Erasmus' friends in England and English universities. he also wrote a biography of John Colet.

</doc>
<doc id="2925016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925016" title="Patty Donahue">
Patty Donahue

Patricia Jean "Patty" Donahue (March 29, 1956 – December 9, 1996) was the American lead singer of the 1980s new wave group The Waitresses.
Career.
During the recording of the second and final Waitresses' album, "Bruiseology", Donahue left the band and was replaced with Holly Beth Vincent. Donahue rejoined afterward. After The Waitresses broke up, Donahue generally kept a low profile, though she is credited on Alice Cooper's "Zipper Catches Skin" with "vocals and sarcasm." She later worked for ABC in the Political Unit and then at MCA in the A&R department.
Death.
On December 9, 1996, Donahue died of lung cancer at the age of 40 after battling it for almost a year. She had been a heavy smoker most of her adult life. A native of Cleveland, Donahue was interred in the Holy Cross Cemetery, in nearby Brook Park.

</doc>
<doc id="2925017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925017" title="Young Turk Revolution">
Young Turk Revolution

The Young Turk Revolution of 1908 reversed the 1878 suspension of the Ottoman parliament, the General Assembly, by Sultan Abdulhamid II, marking the onset of the Second Constitutional Era of the Ottoman Empire. A landmark in the dissolution of the Ottoman Empire, the Revolution arose from an unlikely union of reform-minded pluralists, Turkish nationalists, Western-oriented secularists, minorities such as Ottoman Armenians and Greeks, and indeed anyone who accorded the Sultan political blame for the harried state of the Empire.
The Revolution restored the parliament and the Ottoman constitution of 1876, both of which had been suspended by the Abdulhamid in 1878, effectively ending the short-lived First Constitutional Era. However, the process of supplanting the monarchic institutions with constitutional institutions and electoral policies was neither as simple nor as bloodless as the regime change. The periphery of the Empire continued to splinter under the pressures of local revolutions, including an attempted reactionary Islamist and monarchist countercoup against the Revolution in 1909. This culminated in the 31 March Incident, where the Young Turks defeated the countercoup and regained power, chiefly led by their new political umbrella organization, the Committee of Union and Progress.
Revolution.
The revolt began in mid-April 1908 under Young Turk leadership. That year the Third Army in Macedonia marched against Constantinople. Major Ahmed Niyazi, fearing discovery of his political moves by an investigatory committee sent from the capital, decamped from Resen on July 3, 1908, with 200 followers demanding restoration of the constitution. The sultan's attempt to suppress this uprising failed due to the popularity of the movement among the troops themselves. Rebellion spread rapidly due to the ideology of Ottomanism. On July 24, sultan Abdulhamid II capitulated and announced restoration of the 1876 constitution.
Results.
Significant results of the 1908 Young Turk Revolution included:

</doc>
<doc id="2925028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925028" title="Maine State Route 16">
Maine State Route 16

State Route 16 is a numbered state highway in Maine, United States. SR-16 runs from the New Hampshire state line (signed as NH-16) at Wentworth's Junction (near Lake Aziscohos) in the west to Orono at the eastern terminus. State Route 16 runs a total of , passing mostly through rural areas, with the largest population center at its eastern terminus in Orono at I-95.
Route 16 follows a rather circuitous route between the two states, originating in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, at Interstate 95, and re-intersecting Interstate 95 some later in Orono.
Concurrent routes.
The following highways run concurrently with State Route 16:
Local names.
Within the towns connected by State Route 16, the highway also is known by various local names:
Notes.
State Route 16 originally followed present-day State Route 6 from Lagrange to the Canadian border.

</doc>
<doc id="2925042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925042" title="Catoctin Creek">
Catoctin Creek

Catoctin Creek is the name of two streams in the Mid-Atlantic region of the United States:
Catoctin Creek is also a distillery in Purcellville, Virginia, in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="2925056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925056" title="Gayan Wijekoon">
Gayan Wijekoon

Wijekoon Mudiyanselage Gayan Ramyakumara (more commonly known as Gayan Wijekoon; born December 21, 1976 in Gampaha) is a Sri Lankan cricketer. He is a left-handed batsman and a left-hand medium-pace bowler.
Despite having played on several occasions for the Sri Lankan A team, he is yet to make the same impact for his country's full squad, with little but a selection to the New Zealand-touring squad of 2004/05. Before joining the Chilaw Marians, he opened the batting for Tamil Union.

</doc>
<doc id="2925061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925061" title="SOLEIL">
SOLEIL

SOLEIL (“Sun” in French) is a synchrotron facility near Paris, France. It performed its first acceleration of electrons on May 14, 2006. The name "SOLEIL" is a backronym for "Source optimisée de lumière d’énergie intermédiaire du LURE" (LURE optimised intermediary energy light source), LURE meaning "Laboratoire pour l'utilisation du rayonnement électromagnétique".
The facility is run by a civil corporation held by the French National Centre for Scientific Research (CNRS) and the Commissariat à l'Énergie Atomique (CEA), two French national research agencies. It is located in Saint-Aubin in the Essonne département, a south-western suburb of Paris, near Gif-sur-Yvette and Saclay, which host other facilities for nuclear and particle physics.
Member of the UniverSud Paris.
SOLEIL also hosts IPANEMA, the European research platform on ancient materials (archaeology, palaeontology, past environments and cultural heritage), a joint CNRS / French Ministry of Culture and Communication research unit.
Main parameters.
SOLEIL contains electrons travelling with an energy of 2.75 GeV around a 354 m circumference. It takes the electrons 1.2 μs to travel around this ring at almost the speed of light; 847,000 times per second.

</doc>
<doc id="2925093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925093" title="Hydraulic brake">
Hydraulic brake

The hydraulic brake is an arrangement of braking mechanism which uses brake fluid, typically containing ethylene glycol, to transfer pressure from the controlling mechanism to the braking mechanism
History.
Fred Duesenberg originated hydraulic brakes on his 1914 racing cars and Duesenberg was the first automotive marque to use the technology on a passenger car in 1921. This braking system could have earned him a fortune if he had patented it. In 1918 Malcolm Lougheed (who later changed the spelling of his name to Lockheed) developed a hydraulic brake system.
Construction.
The most common arrangement of hydraulic brakes for passenger vehicles, motorcycles, scooters, and mopeds, consists of the following:
The system is usually filled with a glycol-ether based brake fluid (other fluids may also be used).
At one time, passenger vehicles commonly employed drum brakes on all four wheels. Later, disc brakes were used for the front and drum brakes for the rear. However disc brakes have shown better heat dissipation and greater resistance to 'fading' and are therefore generally safer than drum brakes. So four-wheel disc brakes have become increasingly popular, replacing drums on all but the most basic vehicles. Many two-wheel vehicle designs, however, continue to employ a drum brake for the rear wheel.
The following description uses the terminology for and configuration of a simple disc brake.
System operation.
In a hydraulic brake system, when the brake pedal is pressed, a pushrod exerts force on the piston(s) in the master cylinder, causing fluid from the brake fluid reservoir to flow into a pressure chamber through a compensating port. This results in an increase in the pressure of the entire hydraulic system. This forces fluid through the hydraulic lines toward one or more calipers where it acts upon one or two caliper pistons sealed by one or more seated O-rings which prevents leakage.
The brake caliper pistons then apply force to the brake pads, which pushes them against the spinning rotor, and the friction between the pads and the rotor causes a braking torque to be generated, slowing the vehicle. Heat generated by this friction is either dissipated through vents and channels in the rotor or conducted through the pads, which are made of specialized heat-tolerant materials such as kevlar or sintered glass.
Subsequent release of the brake pedal/lever allows spring(s) to return the master piston(s) back into position. This relieves the hydraulic pressure on the caliper, allowing the brake piston in the caliper assembly to slide back into its housing and the brake pads to release the rotor.
The hydraulic braking system is designed as a closed system: unless there is a leak in the system, none of the brake fluid enters or leaves it, nor does the fluid get consumed through use.
An example of a hydraulic brake system.
Hydraulic brakes transfer energy to stop an object, normally a rotating axle. In a very simple brake system, with just two cylinders and a disc brake, the cylinders could be connected via tubes, with a piston inside the cylinders. The cylinders and tubes are filled with incompressible oil. The two cylinders have the same volume, but different diameters, and thus different cross-section areas. The one with the smallest diameter is called the master cylinder. The spinning disc brake will be placed down at the piston with the larger cross-section. Suppose the diameter of the master cylinder is half the diameter of the slave cylinder, so the master cylinder has a cross-section four times smaller. Now, if the piston in the master cylinder is pushed down 40 mm, with 10 newtons (N) of force, the slave piston will then move 10 mm, with a force of 40 N. 
This force can be further increased by inserting a lever connected between the master piston, a pedal, and a pivot point. If the distance from the pedal to the pivot is three times the distance from the pivot to the connected piston, then it multiplies the pedal force by a factor of 3, when pushing down on the pedal. Now, if we push the pedal 120 mm down, with 10 N of force, a force of 30 N will then be applied to the master piston, and the slave piston will move the brake pad by 10 mm, with a force of 120 N.
Component specifics.
In a four-wheel car, the FMVSS Standard 105, 1976; requires the master cylinder is divided internally into two sections, each of which pressurizes a separate hydraulic circuit. Each section supplies pressure to one circuit. Passenger vehicles typically have either a front/rear split brake system or a diagonal split brake system (the master cylinder in a motorcycle or scooter may only pressurize a single unit, which will be the front brake).
A front/rear split system uses one master cylinder section to pressurize the front caliper pistons and the other section to pressurize the rear caliper pistons. A split circuit braking system is now required by law in most countries for safety reasons; if one circuit fails, the other circuit can stop the vehicle.
Diagonal split systems were used initially on American Motors automobiles in the 1967 production year. The right front and left rear are served by one actuating piston while the left front and the right rear are served, exclusively, by a second actuating piston (both pistons pressurize their respective coupled lines from a single foot pedal). If either circuit fails, the other, with at least one front wheel braking (the front brakes provide most of the speed reduction) remains intact to stop the mechanically-damaged vehicle. By the 1970s, diagonally split systems had become common among automobiles sold in the United States. This system was developed with front wheel drive cars suspension design to maintain better control and stability during a system failure. 
The diameter and length of the master cylinder has a significant effect on the performance of the brake system. A larger diameter master cylinder delivers more hydraulic fluid to the caliper pistons, yet requires more brake pedal force and less brake pedal stroke to achieve a given deceleration. A smaller diameter master cylinder has the opposite effect.
A master cylinder may also use differing diameters between the two sections to allow for increased fluid volume to one set of caliper pistons or the other.
Power brakes.
The vacuum booster or vacuum servo is used in most modern hydraulic brake systems which contain four wheels. The vacuum booster is attached between the master cylinder and the brake pedal and multiplies the braking force applied by the driver. These units consist of a hollow housing with a movable rubber diaphragm across the center, creating two chambers. When attached to the low-pressure portion of the throttle body or intake manifold of the engine, the pressure in both chambers of the unit is lowered. The equilibrium created by the low pressure in both chambers keeps the diaphragm from moving until the brake pedal is depressed. A return spring keeps the diaphragm in the starting position until the brake pedal is applied. When the brake pedal is applied, the movement opens an air valve which lets in atmospheric pressure air to one chamber of the booster. Since the pressure becomes higher in one chamber, the diaphragm moves toward the lower pressure chamber with a force created by the area of the diaphragm and the differential pressure. This force, in addition to the driver's foot force, pushes on the master cylinder piston. A relatively small diameter booster unit is required; for a very conservative 50% manifold vacuum, an assisting force of about 1500 N (200n) is produced by a 20 cm diaphragm with an area of 0.03 square meters. The diaphragm will stop moving when the forces on both sides of the chamber reach equilibrium. This can be caused by either the air valve closing (due to the pedal apply stopping) or if "run out" is reached. Run out occurs when the pressure in one chamber reaches atmospheric pressure and no additional force can be generated by the now stagnant differential pressure. After the run out point is reached, only the driver's foot force can be used to further apply the master cylinder piston.
The fluid pressure from the master cylinder travels through a pair of steel brake tubes to a pressure differential valve, sometimes referred to as a "brake failure valve", which performs two functions: it equalizes pressure between the two systems, and it provides a warning if one system loses pressure. The pressure differential valve has two chambers (to which the hydraulic lines attach) with a piston between them. When the pressure in either line is balanced, the piston does not move. If the pressure on one side is lost, the pressure from the other side moves the piston. When the piston makes contact with a simple electrical probe in the center of the unit, a circuit is completed, and the operator is warned of a failure in the brake system.
From the pressure differential valve, brake tubing carries the pressure to the brake units at the wheels. Since the wheels do not maintain a fixed relation to the automobile, it is necessary to use hydraulic brake hose from the end of the steel line at the vehicle frame to the caliper at the wheel. Allowing steel brake tubing to flex invites metal fatigue and, ultimately, brake failure. A common upgrade is to replace the standard rubber hoses with a set which are externally reinforced with braided stainless-steel wires; these have negligible expansion under pressure and can give a firmer feel to the brake pedal with less pedal travel for a given braking effort.
Special considerations.
Air brake systems are bulky, and require air compressors and reservoir tanks. Hydraulic systems are smaller and less expensive.
Hydraulic fluid must be non-compressible. Unlike air brakes, where a valve is opened and air flows into the lines and brake chambers until the pressure rises sufficiently, hydraulic systems rely on a single stroke of a piston to force fluid through the system.
If any vapor is introduced into the system it will compress, and the pressure may not rise sufficiently to actuate the brakes.
Hydraulic braking systems are sometimes subjected to high temperatures during operation, such as when descending steep grades. For this reason, hydraulic fluid must resist vaporization at high temperatures.
Water vaporizes easily with heat and can corrode the metal parts of the system. If it gets into the brake lines, it can degrade brake performance dramatically. This is why light oils are often used as hydraulic fluids. Oil displaces water, protects plastic parts against corrosion, and can tolerate much higher temperatures before vaporizing.
"Brake fade" is a condition caused by overheating in which braking effectiveness reduces, and may be lost. It may occur for many reasons. The pads which engage the rotating part may become overheated and "glaze over", becoming so smooth and hard that they cannot grip sufficiently to slow the vehicle. Also, vaporization of the hydraulic fluid under temperature extremes or thermal distortion may cause the linings to change their shape and engage less surface area of the rotating part. Thermal distortion may also cause permanent changes in the shape of the metal components, resulting in a reduction in braking capability that requires replacement of the affected parts.

</doc>
<doc id="2925094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925094" title="Rob Wasserman">
Rob Wasserman

Rob Wasserman is a Grammy award winning upright bass player and NEA grant winning composer who has played and recorded with a wide variety of musicians including Bruce Cockburn, Elvis Costello, Ani di Franco, Jerry Garcia, David Grisman, Rickie Lee Jones, Mark Morris, Van Morrison, Aaron Neville, Lou Reed, Pete Seeger, Jules Shear, Studs Terkel, Bob Weir, Brian Wilson, Chris Whitley, Neil Young, Jackson Browne, 
Banyan, Oingo Boingo and Ratdog 
He is best known for his own work on the trilogy of albums, "Solo", "Duets", and "Trios".
Life and career.
Wasserman started playing violin and did not graduate to the bass until after his teenage years. He studied at the San Francisco Conservatory of Music where he studied composing with John Adams and double bass with San Francisco Symphony bassists. 
Early on, he was playing with Van Morrison, Mystic Knights of the Oingo Boingo and the David Grisman Quintet. His 1983 album, "Solo" won Downbeat Magazine's Record of the Year award. Subsequent albums, "Duets" and "Trios" saw Wasserman engage with other musicians, such as Bobby McFerrin, Rickie Lee Jones, Cheryl Bentyne, Lou Reed, Stéphane Grappelli, Jerry Garcia, Brian Wilson, Willie Dixon, Branford Marsalis, and Elvis Costello.
Duets was nominated for three Grammy Awards and won one for "Brothers" with Bobby McFerrin. Wasserman also won Holland's Edison Award for Record of the Year.
His 2000 album, "Space Island", incorporated more contemporary musical elements. RatDog which he co- founded with Bob Weir from the Grateful Dead, occupied much of his time. He also has toured extensively with Lou Reed.
Wasserman was also a judge for the sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth and tenth annual Independent Music Awards to support independent artists' careers.
Family.
Rob Wasserman's parents are Albert and Dunia, his wife is Veronica, daughter Sara, sister Cindy and brother Bruce.

</doc>
<doc id="2925097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925097" title="Yoshimi and Yuka">
Yoshimi and Yuka

Yoshimi and Yuka was a collaboration between musicians Yoshimi P-We (of Boredoms, OOIOO, UFO or Die et al.) and Yuka Honda (solo artist and former member of Cibo Matto). They released their only album to date, "Flower With No Color" on Ipecac Recordings in April 2003. It was an ambient project which combined field recordings, keyboards and studio work to form a very sedate and abstract album.

</doc>
<doc id="2925102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925102" title="Soleil">
Soleil

Soleil may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2925107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925107" title="Grianan of Aileach">
Grianan of Aileach

The Grianan of Aileach (, sometimes anglicised Greenan Ely) is a group of historic structures atop a hill in County Donegal, Ireland. The main structure is a stone ringfort, thought to have been built by the Uí Néill in the sixth or seventh century CE; although there is evidence that the site had been in use before the fort was built. It has been identified as the seat of the Kingdom of Aileach and one of the royal sites of Gaelic Ireland. The wall is about thick and high. It has three terraces, which are linked by steps, and two long passages within it. Originally, there would have been buildings inside the ringfort. Just outside it are the remains of a well and a tumulus.
By the 12th century, the Kingdom of Aileach had become embattled and lost a fair amount of territory to the invading Normans. According to Irish literature, the ringfort was mostly destroyed by Muirchertach Ua Briain, King of Munster, in 1101. Substantial restoration work was carried out in 1870. Today, the site is a National Monument and a tourist attraction.
Description and Interpretation.
The Grianán is located on the western edge of a small group of hills that lie between the upper reaches of Lough Swilly and Lough Foyle. Although the hill is comparatively not that high, the summit dominates the neighbouring counties of Londonderry, Donegal and Tyrone. Located at the edge of the Inishowen peninsula, it is 11.25 kilometres northwest of the ecclesiastical site of Derry. Both sites histories are closely linked. There is much legend and historical material related to the Grianán of Aileach. The Irish annals record its destruction in 1101. The main monument on the hill is a stone cashel, restored in the nineteenth century, but probably built in the eighth century AD. The summit's use as an area of settlement may go back much further. A tumulus at the Grianán may date back to Neolithic age and a covered well was found nearby the cashel in the early nineteenth century.
George Petrie first surveyed the Grianán of Aileach in the 1830s. At this time the cashel was nothing more than a mere ruin. He gives a description of the hill and the monument. The eastern ascent of the hill is described as gradual but within thirty metres of the top, it terminated in a circular apex. An ancient road between two ledges of natural rock led to the summit. The cashel was surrounded by three concentric ramparts. Petrie suggests that, in the fashion of other monuments of this type such as Emania, the whole hill may have been enclosed by many other ramparts. There is no physical or historical evidence for this. The ramparts that remained were made of earth and stone and follow the natural form of the hill with an irregular circular pattern. They ascend above each other creating levelled terraces. The circular apex of the hill within the outermost enclosure contains about 22,000 m² (5.5 acres), within the second about 16,000 m² (4 acres) and within the third about 4,000 m² (1-acre). Currently, the innermost bank is very low, worn and heather-covered but traceable for almost its entire circuit. The other two banks are in a similar state but are untraceable for long sections. Between the inner most rampart and the cashel, the road dwindles in its width and curves slightly to the right. This "path" was strengthened on either side by walls. At the time of the survey only the foundation stones of these walls remained. Petrie's plan of the site shows a line of stones leading up to the entrance. These are now gone.
The ruins of the cashel itself are described as being a circular wall enclosing an area of 23.6 metres (77 ft 6 in) in diameter. The wall had a height of 1.8 metres (6 ft) with a breadth varying from 4.6 metres (15 ft) to 3.5 metres (11 ft 6 in). While not perpendicular, it had an inclination inwards indicating its similarity to most other Irish stone forts. Petrie suggests that it was probably originally between twice and four times as high as it was when he surveyed it. 1.5 metres (5 ft) up on the interior side of the wall, the thickness was 0.76 metres (2 ft 6 in) due to the presence of terracing. The terrace is reached by flights of steps on either side of the entrance gateway. Fallen stones had covered any other existing stairs. Petrie suggests that there were originally three or four such terraces ascending to the top of the wall. On each side of the entranceway, there are "galleries" within the wall. Their precise purpose is not clear and they do not connect with the entrance. These two wall-passages, one on the south and another from the northeast run towards the gateway, but stop short. Near the north end of the south passage is a small recess in its west wall. At the south end of the north passage there is a seat-stone.
The current hillfort, after the restoration of 1874–1878, is substantially different but much of the old structure remains intact. During the restoration, it was found that parts of the original drystone masonry had been preserved under the collapse. The workers marked, in tar, the undisturbed portions of the cashel and used the collapsed stone to build on this foundation. They supplemented these with other stones from the area to replace those 'removed by King Murdoch O'Brien in 1101'. The internal diameters of the cashel are 23.6 metres north to south and 23.2 metres east to west. The lintel-covered entrance is 4.65 metres long, 1.12 metres wide and 1.86 metres high. Before the restoration, the gateway's lintel was not in place. It was 1.3 metres (4 ft 3 in) wide and 1.2 metres (4 ft 2 in) high. It leads into the fort from the east. Slight recesses on either side of the entrance way have been filled in. They were probably to allow double leaves of an original doorway to fold flush against the wall. The interior rises in three terraces accessible by stairways which are previously mentioned. The outer wall is a dry-stone construction. On each side of the entranceway, there are "galleries" within the wall. Their precise purpose is not clear and they do not connect with the entrance. These two wall-passages, one on the south and another from the northeast run towards the gateway, but stop short. The south wall passage entrance is 45 centimetres wide, 60 centimetres high and 1.4 metres long. It turns through a right angle where it becomes 50 centimetres wide, 85 centimetres high and 20.4 metres long. Near the north end there is a recess on the west side 50 centimetres wide, 1 metre high and 75 centimetres deep. The northeast gallery entrance is 65 centimetres wide, 97 centimetres high and 1.55 metres long. It meets the main part of the passage in a T-junction. To the north, the passage is 70 centimetres wide, 1.3 metres high and 2.5 metres long. To the south, the passage is 60 centimetres wide, 1.4 metres high and 8.6 metres long. Near the north of end of the south passage is a small recess in its west wall. At the south end of the north passage there is a seat-stone. The interior of the cashel is fairly level but Petrie recorded the remains of a small oblong church measuring 5 metres (16 ft 6 in) by 4.3 metres (14 ft 3 in). The walls were 0.61 metres (2 ft) thick and not more than 0.61 metres (2 ft) high. The structure was constructed of mortar but nothing remains of it today. A drain runs through the cashel wall at ground level on the northwest side. It leads from a midden in the western side of the enclosure that was 1.7 metres (5 ft 5 in) in diameter and one foot deep.
As mentioned above, there are many clues that the Grianán of Aileach is a multi-period site. Brian Lacy suggests that the earthen banks surrounding the fort probably represent the defences of a hillfort of the late Bronze Age or Iron Age. Between the two outer banks on the south side of the hill, is the formerly covered spring well which is dedicated to St. Patrick. Petrie describes the tumulus, between the second and third wall, as being a small mound surrounded by a circle of ten stones. These stones were laid horizontally and converged towards the centre. In Petrie's time, the mound had been excavated but nothing to explain its meaning was discovered. It was subsequently destroyed but its former position is marked by a heap of broken stones.
During the excavation work of the 1870s, Bernard documents the discovery of many artefacts. Behind a niche in the doorway, a large stone (0.4 metres (16 in) wide) was found. It had a round hole in the centre, 7.6 centimetres (3 in) deep and 3.8 centimetres (1.5 in) in diameter. A rotten piece of wood was found in the hole. Bernard was unable to decipher its use suggesting only that it could have been a sundial.
Bernard discovered many animal bones including sheep, cattle, goats and birds. He found stone items including 'sling-stones', 'warrior's clubs' and a 'sugar-loaf-shaped stone with a well-cut base, 25 centimetres (10 in) long, 38 centimetres (15 in) round base, 36 centimetres (14 in) round centre and 25 centimetres (10 in) round top. The most interesting stone object was 'a slab of sandstone, chequered into thirty-six squares'. Lacy believed it to be some kind of gaming board. Among the miscellaneous items found were a plough socket, an iron ring, some coins and a bead.
Morphology.
The Grianán of Aileach, at its broadest description, is a ringfort. More precisely it is a multivallate cashel hillfort.
A ring fort can be described as a space, usually circular, surrounded by a bank and fosse or simply a rampart of stone. The bank is generally built by piling up inside the fosse the material obtained digging the latter. Ringforts vary considerably in size and style. In more elaborately defended examples, such as Aileach, the defences take up a much greater area than the enclosure itself.
Matthew Stout gives many examples of why the people who built these structures chose a circular formation. First of all, they had strategic advantages. Circular sites allowed for a broad perspective of the surrounding area and allowed the maximum area to be enclosed relative to the bank constructed. He also comes up with some much more metaphysical theories. He suggests that a circular formation linked the site and its occupants with the circular burial mounds of their ancestors. About a third of all Irish hillforts have mounds or cairns within them. The Aileach is no exception. He also puts forward the idea that a circular form was favoured because corners could act as a dwelling-place of evil spirits. He bases these claims on ethnographic comparisons.
Ringforts housed families of varying degrees of wealth, so that some of them are more impressive than others. Ringforts do not normally occupy dominant or commanding positions. The only exception to this are the ringforts built in areas of bad drainage where high places are the only suitable spots for habitation. Raftery names three monuments which he finds hard to categorise as being either a ringfort or a hillfort: Cahirciveen; Carraig Aille; and Lough Gur. While the places where they sit are areas of natural defence, they may have been built there for drainage purposes. The buildings themselves are not militaristic or defensive in themselves. They were probably family homesteads. The defining characteristic of hillforts is an inbuilt defensive nature.
Therefore, hillforts as a subcategory of the ringfort are defined by their location and style of construction. Hillfort consist of ‘large hilltop areas on which the summit is enclosed by one (univallate) or multiple ramparts (multivallate) of earth or stone’. A good example would be Dún Aengus on Inishmore. Its defensive nature is explicit due to the system of stone slabs, known as chevaux de frise, planted into the ground outside the fort structure itself.
The Grianán of Aileach, as described in the introductory section, is encircled by three enclosures and is therefore trivallate. The actual living space of ringforts often forms less than 60% of the total monument area. Contemporary law tracts described a king's principle dwelling to have been a univallate ringfort. Increasing a site's defences without a corresponding increase in its functional area demonstrates either a greater need for defence or a display of status. Therefore, a ring fort with two ramparts (bivallate) acts a status symbol. The rarity of trivallate hillforts, such as that at the Grianán, shows the importance and status of its occupants rather a need for defence.
Stout gives several examples to indicate their symbolic importance simply due to their impracticality as defensive structures. In general, they were little more than fences to prevent stock from straying and to protect against wild animals. As siege tools, they were useless. If anything they were built to repel cattle raids.This might not be the case with the Grianán of Aileach
While the original structure for which the ramparts were built does not exist any more, the cashel of Aileach, while formidable, was probably designed with less of a defensive function in mind but rather it was built as a symbol of royal power. Stone structures appear both eternal and immovable. The cashel was built on this site for the panoramic view rather than for defence. This could be seen as changing the visual emphasis of the ramparts from being defensive terraces to enclosures of royal power and influence.
Hillforts are known throughout western Europe but Irish hillforts were not as well developed and never attained the standard of the so-called Celtic Oppida of Continental Europe and Britain. They vary in size but are of a communal rather than single-family residence. Cashels (stone built ringforts) tend to be much smaller than earthen examples. The average earthen ringfort has an internal diameter of 22 metres in south Donegal; cashels in the same area have an average internal diameter of 20 metres. The Grianán of Aileach, with an average internal diameter of 23.4 metres is larger than the latter and therefore this must be an indication of the wealth and importance of its inhabitants and perhaps it is also an indication of the size of its occupant population. Lacy suggests that the innovative nature of the stone fort of Aileach must have been an unusual site when it was first constructed. The names Garvan, Frigru/ Rigriu are found in many Irish authorities to be the names of the builders of Aileach. These characters are linked to the Formorians and therefore may be nothing more than mythological creations. Lacy believes that the builder may have been Áed Oirdnide, the victor at the battle of Cloíteach.
Chronology.
It is widely accepted that most ringforts date from the Early Christian period. Finds from ringforts typically include items which date from the second half of the first millennium: wheel-made pottery; souterrain ware; glass beads; bone, bronze and iron pins; and artefacts of bone and metalwork. The artefacts, which Dr. Bernard found during his excavation of the cashel interior, seem to correspond to the above list of typical items. Indeed in a recent publication, Brian Lacy comes up with an exact date for its construction which corresponds with this period. He argues that Aileach is the name of a specific site in antiquity and also the name of the Cenél nEógain 'homeland' kingdom of Inis Eogian, derived from the place now known as Elaghmore (Aileach Mór) in County Londonderry. After the decisive battle of Cloítech in 789, when the Cenél nEógain won total control of the over-kingdom of the northern Uí Néill, the successful kings relocated to the Grianán, building it inside the pre-existing prehistoric hillfort as a visual symbol of their new mastery of all the landscape visible from that commanding view. Stout comes to the conclusion that the majority of Ireland's ringforts were occupied and constructed during a three hundred year period from the beginning of the seventh century to the end of the ninth century AD.
Lacy concludes that Aileach was inhabited by the northern Ui Néill dynasty from 789 to about 1050. This was a period when many of the local kings in Ireland were moving to the towns founded by the Vikings or into more important ecclesiastical sites which by this time seemed to have been functioning as towns following the Vikings' model.
Distribution.
Based on the morphology of hillforts, Raftery estimates that there are forty hillforts in Ireland. However, Lacy suggests that there are fifty forts remaining in Ireland. Multivallate hillforts are suggested to be confined to the West and South of the country; univallate forts are to be found in the north and east. The Grianán of Aileach is seen as an exception to this pattern. Raftery suggests that this simple division of distribution might be more blurred after further hillfort study and discovery.
The distribution of ringforts in general is much wider although we are a long way from knowing the exact number which still survive. Ringfort distribution is not even. Areas of low ringfort density correspond to intensely tilled, highly-Normanised areas. The assumption is that during the last eight centuries of tilling, many ringfort sites were destroyed. On this basis, Stout states that there are 45,119 ringforts in Ireland of which 41% have been positively identified as of March 1995. The mean density for Ireland as a whole is 0.55 per square kilometre. The density goes from below 0.20 per square kilometre in Donegal, Kildare and Dublin to above 1.0 per square kilometre in Roscommon, Limerick and Sligo. The regions of highest density are north Munster, east Connaught/ northwest Leinster and east Ulster. Areas of low density are in northwest Ulster and most of Leinster.
As one can see, Donegal is an area of low ringfort concentration. It is therefore odd to find a hillfort of the size and scope of Aileach in this area. The ringfort density of Northwest Ulster as a whole is 0.16 per square kilometre. Northwest Ulster includes all of Donegal and the western portions of Londonderry and Tyrone. Ringforts are virtually absent from the areas of Derryveagh, the Blue Stacks, Slieve League and Inishowen. Ringforts are rarely found in similarly elevated areas of Londonderry and Tyrone, including the Sperrin Mountains and west of the Roe River. Due to the inhospitable nature of these areas due to blanket bogs and thin rock, they were sparsely populated. There were pockets of settlement such as southwest Donegal. Ringsforts can be found along the eastern slopes of Derryveagh Mountains, the Roe River valley and the Mourne River basin. Although some Early Christian settlement is present, the areas as a whole was relatively sparsely settled with ringforts despite the Mourne and Foyle river valleys being extremely suitable for agricultural exploitation. Other forms of secular settlement are also thinly distributed in the area although several souterrains have been found. Northwest Ulster maintained a low population density throughout the Early Christian Era. Barrett examined ringforts in southern Donegal. She identified 124 ringforts in an area reaching from Glen Head to Lough Ekse and south along the county boundary to Bundoran. Thirty-two of the ringforts were cashels and 15% were bivallate sites. Ringfort builders avoided land below 30 metres preferring land between 30 and 60 metres. Soil quality was statistically proven to be a key determinant of settlement density. Brown earth and grey-brown podzolic soils were particularly favoured explaining the concentration of sites west of Donegal Bay. The brown earth soils and the podzolic soils of St. John's peninsula also attracted a high proportion of sites. The distribution of ecclesiastical sites corresponds broadly with that of ringforts.
Function.
Theories accounting for the function of hillforts range from their use as defensive sites to ceremonial enclosures. The Grianán of Aileach could possibly have served both of these purposes and served even more functions.
A number of writers in the nineteenth century suggested that one of the two sites marked as Regia (or royal place) on Ptolemy's map of Ireland, may be identified with the Grianán. The site itself is ancient. Some early texts refer to Aileach as metaphorically being the oldest building in Ireland.
Perhaps the best way to discover the function of this hillfort is to break down its name. The site of the Grianán of Aileach has been know by many names over its long history: Aileach; Aileach Neid; Aileach Frigrinn, Aileach Imchell; Grianán Ailigh and Aileach of the Kings. The word Aileach has a long history and is found both in Ireland and Scotland. Both Petrie and Lacy suggest that it comes from an adjective derived from old Irish “Ail”, which means a rock, stone or boulder. Lacy conduces that Aileach therefore means either stony or stone place. Petrie goes further by saying it means stone house or habitation. In the same vein, Lacy suggests the etymology of the word might derive from “Ali Theach” meaning stone house. However, Lacy’s primary translation seems more plausible due to the name Aileach originally coming from Aileach Mór which is mentioned in the chronology section. The name may have come from the rocky nature of the area or possibly acts as a description of the stone cashel itself. 
The word Grianán means sunny place. It was appropriated by the early Irish to mean a place with a view. This is probably the sense in which the word was used to describe the Grianán under discussion. An earlier theory was that the word meant “temple of the sun”. This theory has not been substantiated. There is much evidence that the word was constantly used in a figurative sense to signify a distinguished residence or palace. Perhaps, if interpreted in this sense it may mean that if one is in the presence of a king, one will always be in a sunny place. The best summary one can contrive from the etymological breakdown of the name is that it means “The Stone Palace of the Sunny View”. 
In the historic period, from the middle of the sixth century, the Grianán of Aileach is always thought of as the capital of the northern Ui Neill, the dynasty descended from Niall of the Nine Hostages. It acted as such up until the twelfth century. However as it was destroyed in 1050, it was the capital in name only. It was the site where the Kings of Aileach held their inauguration ceremonies. It is written in the Tripartite Life of St. Patrick that Patrick blessed the fortress and left a symbolic flagstone there prophesying that many kings and clerics would come from the place. This flagstone can no longer be found at the fortress. It is believed that a preserved flagstone at Belmont House School in Derry, called St. Columb’s Stone, is the inauguration stone. On one side of the stone, which is 2 metres square, are carved two feet marks. However, there is no substantiating evidence to back this up. 
We can see from this evidence that Grianán of Aileach was an extremely important site. It was the secular centre of Northwest Donegal while the ecclesiastical settlement at Derry was the religious centre. Together, they acted as the political hub of the region. Aileach’s political and strategic importance was such that the annals report that it was attacked at least three times during its existence. In 674, Fínsnechta Fledach, King of Ireland, destroyed the fort. Perhaps, this was the earlier hillfort that stood on the site before the cashel was built. In 937, during the reign of Muirchertach mac Néill, Viking raiders demolished the site. Vikings had settled at Lough Swilly and Lough Foyle during this period. In 1006, Brian Boru, marched though the territory of the Cenel Conail and the Cenel Eogain and probably came to Aileach. In 1101, another king of Munster, Muirchertach Ua Briain, came to Inishowen where he proceeded to plunder and ravage the region. He destroyed the Grianán of Aileach in revenge for the destruction and demolition of Kincora by Domnall Ua Lochlainn in 1088.
While the main function of this particular hillfort was that of a royal capital, ringforts in general in Ireland functioned as a native version of the common European settlement pattern known as einzelhöfe: dispersed individual farmsteads. However, hillforts are of communal rather than single-family importance. It is possible that some ringforts functioned throughout their existence only as cattle enclosures, or with no domestic function. It is unlikely that Aileach was used in such a fashion during or after it ceased to function as a royal fort. The entrance is too low and narrow for cattle to move through. This narrowness of the entrance may be for defensive purposes. 
The only building foundation in the fort, besides the walls, was that of the penal church. Bernard mentions no other foundations. He does mention the finding of some fluted columns which may indicate that there was a stone structure within the fort walls. There is no evidence for any house-like structures though. Circular houses, which are directly associated with the main phase of ringfort occupation, tended to be located towards the centre of the enclosure placing them furthest from an outside attack. If such a house stood in the fort, any trace of it would have been destroyed while the church was being built.
Assessment of Monument.
Royal ringforts would have been surrounded by ringforts of a lower status. This makes the Grianán of Aileach an interesting example as no writer has yet mentioned the presence of subordinate ringforts. It would appear that either further archaeological excavation is required to find them or perhaps the Grianán is unique in that it may stand alone. As a hillfort, with its more defensive nature, its large size and the surrounding barren landscape, it probably did stand alone. Raftery suggests that perhaps some hillforts were used as places of last refuge. However, this could not have possibly been the case with Aileach. Without reading the histories of the site, the physical presence of the three ramparts confirms that whoever the occupant, their status was quite, if not uniquely, high. The ramparts are meant to be seen rather than used. Based on the written histories we know that this was the seat of the Ui Neill. Based on the archaeological evidence which indicates that there were large quantities of animal meat consumed and that games were played (the chequered board mentioned above), this hillfort seems to be a place of festival and, if the annals are to be believed, a place of inaugurational ceremony. The presence of the tumulus suggests an ancient basis to this settlement, perhaps even religious in someway. The cold winds (especially during winter) and the high altitude would be uncomfortable for continual residence.
In the section on distribution, we saw that ringforts in Northwest Ulster were extremely rare. If this was the case during the period, the cashel of Aileach would have been quite a sight to behold for the local population and the fact that a ringfort of its magnitude was even built shows the importance of its occupants. Its relative proximity to Derry shows a conscious attempt to remain connected to that ecclesiastical site. 
The Grianán of Aileach probably served the same purpose as Tara. It was a place of festival and ritual inauguration. It seems that by linking St. Patrick into the institution of Aileach, converts were attempting to consolidate it as a site of Christian inauguration while acknowledging their pagan past. The naming of the holy well after Patrick can be seen as a symbol of continuity of settlement rather than usurpation.
Site today.
The town of Burt is the nearest community and the fortress stands mainly intact insofar as its main walls and features are concerned. Portions of the fortress were destroyed over time but much was rebuilt in the nineteenth century with a view towards retaining the historic nature and aesthetics of the fortress. Dr. Bernard is recorded as having directed the restoration work. The site is now owned by the Irish government.
More restoration work has taken place since 2001 by the Office of Public Works due to a wall collapse and is the subject of public controversy. If any dimensional change in the building's architecture has occurred, nothing about it has been published yet. There are some visible signs of its restoration. Large sections of the wall have been replaced. These sections are easily visually differentiated from the original wall by their shape and colour. Some of the upper parts of the wall have been cemented, probably to prevent falling stones. An iron gate has been set into the entrance. In 2007, the entrance corridor was supported by iron girders which have since been removed.
Bibliography.
Bernard, Walter, 'Exploration and Restoration of the Ruin of the Grianan of Aileach' in PRIA, Ser. 2 Vol. 9 (1879), pp 415–23. Available at: Unknown Swilly- Grianan Aileach, Dr. Walter Bernard’s Restoration http://unknownswilly.orgfree.com/griananbernard.html May 2007
Colby, T., Ordnance Survey of Ireland, County of Londonderry Vol. 1 (Dublin, 1837).
'Grianan of Aileach Fort Restoration' available at Archaeo Forums http://www.stonepages.com/forum/index.php?s=f844aa783cd4287985cca7c153e0e2ef&showtopic=1040 May 2007
Lacy, Brian, The Archaeological Survey of County Donegal (Lifford, 1983).
Lacy, Brian, 'The Grianán of Aileach' in Donegal Annual, (1984), pp5–24
Lacy, Brian, 'The Grianán of Aileach- A Note on its Identification' in Journal of the Royal Society of Antiquaries of Ireland, 131 (2001), pp 145–149.
Raftery, Barry, ‘Irish Hillforts’ in Charles Thomas (ed.), The Iron Age in the Irish Sea Province (London, 1972).
Stout, Matthew, The Irish Ringfort (Dublin, 1997).

</doc>
<doc id="2925111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925111" title="Berwind">
Berwind

Berwind may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2925112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925112" title="Nærbø">
Nærbø

Nærbø is the biggest village in the municipality of Hå, situated in the southern corner of the region of Rogaland. According to the Norwegian bureau of statistics the population of Nærbø was 5881 on January 1, 2009. The former municipality of Nærbø was merged with the municipality of Hå on January 1, 1964.
Overview.
Nærbø is approximately 35 kilometers south of Norway’s fourth most populous city, Stavanger. It is bordered by the village of Varhaug in the south, by the North Sea to the west, the city of Bryne to the north, and hills and meadows to the east.
The Sørlandet Line, traditionally the Jæren Line, runs through the village, with both intercity and Jæren Commuter Rail services stopping at Nærbø Station. County Road 44 passes west of the village.
The municipality of Hå is one of the most important agricultural areas of Norway with almost half of the land in the municipality being used for agricultural purposes. The area is sometimes referred to as the breadbasket of Norway because of its large agricultural sector.
The name Nærbø dates back to 1834 when the two local church congregations of Njærheim and Bø were amalgamated and the inauguration of the new church at Skjærpe took place.
History.
Archaeologists have found traces of human activity dating back as far as 6000 years B.C in the area. Most of these findings have been in the vicinity of the Hå River, which flows from the hills in the east of the municipality to the ocean in the west. These early inhabitants were mostly hunters that survived on fishing and small game hunting.
In 3000 B.C. the area was covered by large oak and pine forests. It is also during that time that people started to settle down and farm the land. The transition from hunting to agriculture led to the clearing of most of the forests.
The region also played an important part in the Viking age (eight to eleventh century). Nærbø is 35 kilometers south of Hafrsfjord, where In 872 the battle of Hafrsfjord took place. The western parts of Norway were unified under one monarch after this battle
In 950 Erik the Red, founder of the first Norse settlement in Greenland was born in øksnevad 17 kilometers north of Nærbø. Erik the Red was also the father of the famous Viking explorer Leiv Erikson, who was the first European to set foot on the American mainland in 1003.
In 968 Olav Trygvason, king of Norway from 995 to 1000 was born in Obrestad just outside the village of Nærbø. Olav Trygvason played a big part in bringing Christianity to Norway and is believed to have built the first church in Norway in 995. He also founded the city of Trondheim in 997.
In 1349 the black plague killed nearly 2/3 of the population in the area.
In 1834 the village was given its present day name, which coincided with the inauguration of the new church.
In 1878 the Jærbanen rail line was completed.
In 1940 the Germans invaded Norway and large areas of the coastline of Jæren was lined with high explosive mines. The Germans forced many of the Norwegian males in the area to work as laboures for the German occupying forces.
Economy.
The region is an important agricultural area and subsequently a great proportion of the inhabitants are employed in the agricultural sector. The village has one of Norway's biggest dairies which produces 82,2 million litres of milk each year. The dairy also makes the famous Jarlsberg and Norvegia cheeses, in addition to other dairy products. The dairy employs 64 people.
The Risa group (formerly Brødrene Risa) is run from Nærbø and has several facilities in Nærbø.
The village also has an abattoir and local shopping centers.
Because of Nærbø close proximity to the cities of Sandnes and Stavanger, it has attracted many new inhabitants from these two cities. This is mainly due to more affordable real estate prices in Nærbø, and a relatively short commute between Nærbø and Sandnes/Stavanger. Stavanger is approximately 35 kilometers away from Nærbø, and Sandnes 25 kilometers.
There are four elementary schools in Nærbø (Motland skule, Bø skule, Vigre skule, Høyland skule), and a high school (Nærbø Ungdomsskule). There is also a private Christian high school & College (Tryggheim) in the village.
Climate.
The village centre is located approximately 4 kilometers from the North Sea coasts. The climate is classified as maritime mild, and the flat open landscape makes the village a rather windy place. Up until the mid eighties the village experienced relatively heavy snowfalls, and the snow tended to stay on the ground throughout the winter months. But due to rising temperatures in the last two decades, heavy snowfalls have become less frequent.
Åna fengsel.
One of the largest prisons in Norway, Åna Prison, which was originally built as a labor camp in 1912, but later converted into an ordinary prison, is located approximately 3 kilometers south of the village center. The prison has a total capacity of 164 inmates, including a low security wing with a capacity to house 24 inmates. The prison is surrounded by farmland and has one of Norway’s biggest farms.
Places of interest.
The Hå Vicarage was built in 1637 and is located to the west of the village and overlooks the North Sea. It has been fully renovated and these days it’s used as an art gallery. There's also a museum on the ground floor. The landscape surrounding the Vicarage has several Viking burial mounds. 
Grødelandstunet is located to the south west of Nærbø near the coast, and is a traditional farm house that has been turned into a museum. The purpose of the museum is to give visitors an idea of how people in the region used to live in earlier times. 
Because of Nærbø close proximity to the North Sea the village is blessed with easy access to several beaches, which are popular destinations for the local population during the summer months. The largest beach in Norway, Brusand beach, is only a 15 minute drive away. The beaches are also popular with surfers and are considered to be some of the better spots in Europe for wave surfing due to the rough seas the area experiences in the autumn and the winter months.
The Nærbø Park is located about half a kilometer away from the village centre. It contains a big man-made pond, a pine forest and several footpaths. The park is known for its exotic bird population.
The Hå River which flows through the Hå municipality is one of the best salmon rivers in the country and attracts many visitors each year. Special fishing permits can be bought from the local farmers that own the various sections of the river. One also need to pay the National fishing licence to The Directorate for Nature Management.
Obrestad lighthouse is located to the south west of the village. It was built in 1873 and renovated in 1949. Today it is fully automated and owned by the Norwegian coastal administration. The lighthouse is protected by the Cultural Heritage Act. The lighthouse is open to the public through guided tours. There is also a marina in the area sheltered by a man-made jetty. There is also a weather station at the light house. On June 2, 1975, a minimum temperature of -0.9 °C was recorded. This is the lowest temperature recorded for the month of June in Rogaland.
Nærbø Motorfestival.
Nærbø is the only place in Norway which hosts an annual Formula 3 race. The race takes place on the streets of the village centre. The track is approximately 1200 meters long and ranges from 6 to 8 meters in width. The festival started in 1997 and has been a popular event ever since, attracting people from all over the country. Speeds in excess of 200 kilometers an hour has been reached on several occasions. The event has been referred to by the locals as a miniature version of the Monte Carlo Grand Prix.
In 2006 one of the formula 3 cars came crashing over one of the concrete guard blocks lining the outer perimeter of the track and smashed into the crowd, killing a 16 year old spectator. Many feared that this would be the end of the event, but stricter security measures have been introduced and approvals have been granted for future festivals.
Sport.
Sport is very popular in Nærbø, and the village has top of the range sports facilities. The village boasts two indoor handball fields, one ice hockey rink, a swimming pool and several outdoor football pitches. In 1993 the sports administration centre in Loen burnt down to the ground, and an effort to rebuild it was immediately undertaken. The rebuilding process was mainly achieved by voluntary work by the local population, commonly known as dugnad. More than 850 locals were involved in the building process and almost 15 000 working hours were invested to achieve this goal. Two years later the new administration centre was finally inaugurated.

</doc>
<doc id="2925118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925118" title="Bryan Erickson">
Bryan Erickson

Bryan Erickson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2925131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925131" title="Wathaurong">
Wathaurong

Wathaurong, also called the Wada Wurrung, are an Indigenous Australian tribe living in the area near Melbourne, Geelong and the Bellarine Peninsula. They are part of the Kulin alliance. The Wathaurong language was spoken by 25 clans south of the Werribee River and the Bellarine Peninsula to Streatham. They were sometimes referred to by Europeans as the "Barrabool" people. They have inhabited this area for at least the last 25,000 years with 140 archaeological sites having been found in the region, indicating significant activity over that period.
History.
European Settlement.
Coastal clans of the Wada Wurrung may have had contact with Lieutenant John Murray when he charted Indented Head and named Swan Bay. Matthew Flinders met several Wada Wurrung when he camped at Indented Head and climbed the You Yangs in May 1802.
When Lieutenant David Collins founded the colony at Sullivan Bay, Victoria in October 1803, he sent Lieutenant J Tuckey to survey and explore Corio Bay which resulted in several Aborigines being shot and wounded. William Buckley, a convict, escaped from the abortive Sullivan Bay settlement in December 1803, and was adopted by the Wada wurrung balug as they thought he was the resurrected "Murrangurk", an important former leader. Buckley lived with this community for 32 years, between 1803 and 1835, before making contact with John Batman's expedition on 6 July 1835.
The European settlement of Wada wurrung territory began in earnest from 1835 with a rapid arrival of squatters around the Geelong area and westwards. Settlement was marked by resistance to the invasion often by driving off or stealing sheep which then resulted in conflict and sometimes a massacre of Aboriginal people.
Very few of these reports were acted upon to bring the settlers to court. On the few occasions when this did happen, such as the killing of Woolmudgin on 7 October 1836 where John Whitehead was sent to Sydney for trial, the case was dropped for lack of evidence. At the time Aborigines were denied the right to give evidence in courts of law. The incidents listed below are just the cases that have been reported, it is likely other incidents occurred that were never documented officially. Neil Black, a squatter in Western Victoria writing on 9 December 1839 states the prevailing attitude of many settlers:
Table: reported aboriginal killings in Wada wurrung territory to 1859 
Aboriginal presence on the Ballarat goldfields.
Historian Ian D. Clark has written on the Aboriginal presence on the Ballarat goldfields in the 1850s noting that while there is no evidence for any direct involvement of Aboriginal people in the events of the Eureka Rebellion in 1854, aboriginal people may be relevant to the Eureka story in situational, contextual and relational ways.
The events of the Eureka Rebellion took place on Wathaurong aboriginal land. Three Wathaurong clans lived in the vicinity of the Eureka diggings: the Burrumbeet baluk at Lakes Burrumbeet and Learmonth, Keyeet baluk, a sub-group of the Burrumbeet baluk, at Mt Buninyong, and the Tooloora baluk, at Mt Warranheip and Lal Lal Creek. There are numerous accounts of aboriginal presence in tha Ballarat area during the 1850s.
The early policing of the Ballarat Goldfields was done by the Native Police Corps, who enforced the collection of the gold miners licence fee resulting in confrontations between diggers and the Gold Commissioner, considered by some historians such as M. Cannon and Weston Bate as preludes to the 1854 Eureka Rebellion.
There is oral history that local aboriginal people may have looked after some of the children of the Eureka miners after the military storming of the Eureka Stockade and subsequent massacre of miners. Although not corroborated by any written sources, the account has been deemed plausible by Professor Clark.
Some further credence, although circumstantial, may be provided to the above information. George Yuille, older brother to William Cross Yuille was not only liked and trusted by the local aboriginals but also had formed a relationship with one of the women. Together they had at least one child also named George Yuille. George Yuille senior died on the 26 Mar 1854. He was at the time of his death a storekeeper on Specimen Hill and hence he was among the miners. As to whether his aboriginal wife was with him is unknown but it is a fair assumption that the local aboriginals would have been very familiar with the miners especially if they were in constant contact with George Yuille.
Structure, Borders and Land Use.
Communities consisted of 25 land-owning groups called "clans" that spoke a related language and were connected through cultural and mutual interests, totems, trading initiatives and marriage ties. Access to land and resources by other clans, was sometimes restricted depending on the state of the resource in question. For example; if a river or creek had been fished regularly throughout the fishing season and fish supplies were down, fishing was limited or stopped entirely by the clan who owned that resource until fish were given a chance to recover. During this time other resources were utilised for food. This ensured the sustained use of the resources available to them. As with most other Kulin territories, penalties such as spearings were enforced upon trespassers. Today, traditional clan locations, language groups and borders are no longer in use and descendants of Wathaurong people live within modern day society, although still preserving much of their culture.
Territory.
The Wathaurong territory extended from the southern side of the Werribee River to Port Phillip, the Bellarine Peninsula, the Otway forests,and northwest to Mount Emu and Mount Misery. Their territory encompassed the Ballarat goldfields.
Clans.
Prior to European settlement, 25 separate clans existed, each with an arweet, or clan headman. Arweet held the same tribal standing as a ngurungaeta of the Wurundjeri people.

</doc>
<doc id="2925145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925145" title="Daimonic">
Daimonic

The idea of the daimonic typically means quite a few things: from befitting a demon and fiendish, to motivated by a spiritual force or genius and inspired. As a psychological term, it has come to represent an elemental force which contains an irrepressible drive towards individuation. As a literary term, it can also mean the dynamic unrest that exists in us all that forces us into the unknown, leading to self-destruction and/or self-discovery.
Etymology.
The origins of the idea "daimon" are difficult to identify. The term is thought to have originated with the Greeks, by way of Latin—dæmon: "spirit", derived from Greek—daimon (gen. daimonos): "lesser god, guiding spirit, tutelary deity".
For the Minoan (3000-1100 BC) and Mycenaean (1500-1100 BC), "daimons" were seen as attendants or servants to the deities, possessing spiritual power. Later, the term "daimon" was used by writers such as Homer (8th century BC), Hesiod, and Plato as a synonym for "theos", or god. Some scholars, like van der Leeuw, suggest a distinction between the terms: whereas "theos" was the personification of a god (e.g. Zeus), "daimon" referred to something indeterminate, invisible, incorporeal, and unknown.
The pre-Socratic Greek philosopher Empedocles (5th century BC) later employed the term in describing the psyche or soul. Similarly, those such as Plutarch (1st century AD) suggested a view of the daimon as being an amorphous mental phenomenon, an occasion of mortals to come in contact with a great spiritual power.
The earliest pre-Christian conception of daimons or "daimones" also considered them ambiguous—not exclusively evil. But while daimons may have initially been seen as potentially good and evil, constructive and destructive, left to each man to relate to—the term eventually came to embody a purely evil connotation, with Xenocrates perhaps being one of the first to popularize this colloquial use.
Some modern interpreters have returned to a more traditional understanding of the term. For example, the psychologist Rollo May conceives of the daimonic as a primal force of nature which contains both constructive and destructive potentialities, but ultimately seeks to promote totality of the self.
Psychology.
In psychology, the daimonic refers to a natural human impulse within everyone to affirm, assert, perpetuate, and increase the self to its complete totality. If each Self undergoes a process of individuation, an involuntary and natural development towards individual maturity and harmony with collective human nature, then its driver is the daimonic, the force which seeks to overcome the obstacles to development, whatever the cost—both guide and guardian. Rollo May writes that the daimonic is "any natural function which has the power to take over the whole person... The daimonic can be either creative or destructive, but it is normally both... The daimonic is obviously not an entity but refers to a fundamental, archetypal function of human experience -- an existential reality". The daimonic is seen as an essentially undifferentiated, impersonal, primal force of nature which arises from the ground of being rather than the self as such.
The demands of the daimonic force upon the individual can be unorthodox, frightening, and overwhelming. With its obligation to protect the complete maturation of the individual and the unification of opposing forces within the Self, the inner urge can come in the form of a sudden journey (either intentional or serendipitous), a psychological illness, or simply neurotic and off-center behavior. Jung writes, "The daimon throws us down, makes us traitors to our ideals and cherished convictions — traitors to the selves we thought we were." Ultimately, it is the will of man to achieve his humanity, but since parts of his humanity may be deemed unacceptable and disowned, its demands are too often resisted. It is no wonder Yeats described it as that "other Will". Confrontation with the daimonic can be considered similar to "shadow-work".
While similar to several other psychological terms, noteworthy differences exist. The daimonic is often improperly confused with the term demonic. May introduced the daimonic to psychology as a concept designed to rival the terms 'devil' and 'demonic'. He believed the term demonic to be unsatisfactory because of our tendency, rooted in Judeo-Christian mythology, to project power outside of the self and onto devils and demons. The daimonic is also similar to Jung's shadow, but is viewed as less differentiated. A pitfall of the Jungian doctrine of the shadow is the temptation to project evil onto this relatively autonomous 'splinter personality' and thus unnecessarily fragment the individual and obviate freedom and responsibility. Finally, by comparison to Freud's death instinct (Thanatos), the daimonic is seen as less one-sided.
In literature.
The journey from innocence to experience is not an idea that originated with this term; rather the Hero's Journey is a topic older than literature itself. But the daimonic subsequently became a focus of the English Romantic movement in the 18th and 19th centuries.
In the diagram, the common threads of the daimonic concept are identified. Typically, the daimonic tale centers around the Solitary, the central character of the story, who usually is introduced in innocence, wealth, and often arrogance. However, under the masks of control and order lies a corruption and unconscious desire towards disintegration. Some event, either external or internal, leads the character towards some type of isolation where he is forced to confront his daimons.
The fall or descent (from hubris) into the liminal world where light and dark meet is usually very dramatic and often torturing for the hero and the audience alike, and comes in myriad forms. In the depths, in hitting bottom, he ultimately discovers his own fate and tragedy (catharsis), and in a final climax is either broken or driven towards rebirth and self-knowledge. The glory of the daimonic is in humble resurrection, though it claims more than it sets free as many foolish men are drawn into its vacuum never to return. As Stefan Zweig writes, the hero is unique for "he becomes the daimon's master instead of the daimon's thrall". The daimonic has been, and continues to be, a great source of creativity, inspiration, and fascination in all forms of art.

</doc>
<doc id="2925149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925149" title="Manti-La Sal National Forest">
Manti-La Sal National Forest

The Manti-La Sal National Forest covers more than and is located in the central and southeastern parts of the U.S. state of Utah and the extreme western part of Colorado. The forest is divided into three districts: the La Sal District at Moab in the La Sal Range near Moab, in the La Sal District at Monticello in the Abajo Mountains west of Monticello, and the Manti Division on the Wasatch Plateau west of Price. The maximum elevation is Mount Peale in the La Sal Mountains, reaching above sea level. The La Sal's are the second highest mountain range in Utah after the Uintas. 
Location and history.
The La Sal Mountain loop road leads from Castle Valley to Geyser Pass and back down to Moab. Scenic Oowah Lake can be found within the forest.
In descending order of land area, the forest is located in parts of San Juan, Sanpete, Emery, Utah, Grand, Carbon, and Sevier counties in Utah, as well as Montrose, and Mesa counties in Colorado (Only about 2.1% of the forest lies in Colorado). Forest headquarters is located in Price, Utah. District offices are located in Ephraim, Ferron, Moab, Monticello, and Price.
The forest was originally established as the Manti Forest Reserve by the General Land Office on May 29, 1903 with . On July 1, 1915 Nebo National Forest was added, and La Sal National Forest on November 11, 1949. On August 28, 1958 the name became Manti-La Sal National Forest.
Recreation.
Manti La Sal National Forest is very popular for recreation. The northern district on the Wasatch Plateau is well known for the Skyline Drive, an unpaved road tracing along the backbone of the plateau. There is also an extensive ATV trail system in the forest there. The Moab District in the La Sal Mountains contains excellent hiking, as well as spectacular views over the desert regions of Canyonlands National Park and Arches National Park. The Monticello District is home the Manti La Sal National Forest's only wilderness area, the Dark Canyon Wilderness, a vast, remote canyon area.

</doc>
<doc id="2925165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925165" title="Bathsheba W. Smith">
Bathsheba W. Smith

Bathsheba Wilson Bigler Smith (May 3, 1822 – September 20, 1910) was an early member of the Latter Day Saint movement. She was the fourth general president of the Relief Society of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church), a matron of the Salt Lake Temple, a member of the Board of Directors of Deseret Hospital, Salt Lake City, Utah, and a leader in the western United States woman's suffrage movement.
Biography.
Born near Shinnston, Harrison County, Virginia (now West Virginia), she was the daughter of Mark Bigler and Susanna Ogden. These excerpts from her autobiography tell how her family moved from Virginia, first to Missouri, and then to Illinois:
On September 23, 1839, her father, Mark Bigler, died in Quincy.
Nauvoo, Illinois.
In Nauvoo, Illinois on 25 July 1841, Bathsheba Bigler married George A. Smith who was the youngest member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints at that time. Smith kept a diary and sketchbook for most of her life which included drawings of prominent members of the Latter Day Saint community. Among the best known is a profile of church president Joseph Smith, Jr.
Salt Lake City, Utah.
During the succession crisis that occurred after the assassination of Smith, Bathsheba Smith, her husband and two children joined the Latter Day Saint group following Brigham Young. They traveled west and established themselves first in Salt Lake City. While other members of the family later moved to southern Utah, Smith spent the rest of her life in Salt Lake City. Bathsheba and George A. Smith were the parents of three children. Their son, George A. Smith Jr., was killed by Navajo while on his way to serve a mission with Jacob Hamblin to the Hopi. Their daughter Bathsheba married Clarence Merrill, among whose children was Alice Merrill Horne. Their third child, John, died the day of his birth, April 14, 1847, in Winter Quarters, Nebraska. Smith also largely raised her sister's daughter, Julina Lambson, who later became a wife of Joseph F. Smith.
During the early 1870s, George A. Smith served as first counselor in the First Presidency under Young. He and his wife traveled to many emerging Mormon settlements, preaching and promoting church affairs.
After the death of her husband in 1875, Smith became active in civic affairs and heavily involved in the women's suffrage movement. For many years, starting at Nauvoo, Smith was also heavily involved in temple work.
General Relief Society leadership.
In 1888, Smith was made the second counselor in the general presidency of the LDS Church's Relief Society. In this position, she heavily encouraged home production of clothing. She was called to serve as general president of the Relief Society in 1901 and served in the position until her death in 1910. She was among those called to testify before the Smoot hearings, but due to ill health, was only able to file an affidavit. 
Death and burial.
Smith died on September 20, 1910, and was buried at Salt Lake City Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="2925176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925176" title="Florida State Road 826">
Florida State Road 826

State Road 826 (SR 826) is a bypass route around the greater Miami area, extending approximately in a northeasterly arc from U.S. Route 1 (US 1) in Pinecrest to its terminus at State Road A1A in Sunny Isles Beach. Between its southern terminus and the Golden Glades Interchange, State Road 826 is known as the Palmetto Expressway, a heavily traveled freeway with portions of the road carrying in excess of 250,000 vehicles a day. Unlike many of the other expressways in Miami-Dade County, the Palmetto Expressway is untolled. East of the interchange, State Road 826 is a surface road connecting North Miami and North Miami Beach to Sunny Isles Beach over the Intracoastal Waterway.
Route description.
Palmetto Expressway.
State Road 826 begins at an interchange with US 1 in Pinecrest, just south of the Dadeland Mall, and heads north as the Palmetto Expressway into Kendall. The first interchange, less than a mile (1.6 km) north of US 1, is with Kendall Drive (SR 94), which provides access to the mall. SR 826 continues north, crossing under the Snapper Creek Expressway (SR 878) without an interchange before meeting Sunset Drive (SR 986) at a diamond interchange. It then leaves Kendall, continuing into Glenvar Heights with an interchange with Southwest 56th Street/Miller Drive, which provides access to the University of Miami. About half a mile (0.8 km) later, the Don Shula Expressway (SR 874) merges with the Palmetto Expressway at its northern terminus, with a southbound exit and a northbound entrance point. Between this interchange and the next (at Bird Road/SR 976), SR 826 forms the border between Glenvar Heights and Olympia Heights; past it, the expressway marks the boundary between Westchester and Coral Terrace. After an exit with Southwest 24th Street/Coral Way, the expressway meets the Tamiami Trail (US 41), providing access to Florida International University. This interchange also marks the Tamiami Trail's entrance into incorporated Miami, the boundary of which lies on the eastern side of the expressway.
North of the Tamiami Trail interchange, the Palmetto Expressway forms the eastern boundary of Fontainebleau as it continues north to an exit with Flagler Street (SR 968), the east-west baseline for Miami-Dade County roads. The freeway then has an interchange with the Dolphin Expressway (SR 836) just south of Doral, creating access to Miami International Airport. This interchange is currently being improved due to the current configuration causing severe congestion. Now forming Doral's eastern boundary, SR 826 continues north to Northwest 25th Street, which connects to the western end of the airport, followed by an exit with Doral Boulevard (SR 948) that links to the Doral Golf Resort & Spa, and then an exit with Northwest 58th Street. After a brief crossing through unincorporated Miami-Dade County, the expressway reaches an interchange with the Hialeah Expressway (SR 934) in Medley adjacent to the Palmetto Metrorail station, followed by a diagonal interchange with US 27 at the southern end of Hialeah Gardens and Hialeah. It then enters Hialeah proper just after an interchange with Northwest 103rd Street (SR 932), which allows access to the Westland Mall. An exit with Northwest 122nd Street then follows.
At the boundary between Hialeah and Miami Lakes, SR 826 reaches an interchange with the national southern terminus of Interstate 75 (I-75) and the western termini of the Gratigny Parkway (SR 924) and SR 916. The Palmetto Expressway goes into Miami Lakes, interchanges with Northwest 154 Street, then turns through 90 degrees to the east at a point known as "The Big Curve". The road then proceeds straight east, forming the boundary between Miami Lakes and Country Club, soon interchanging with Northwest 67th Avenue. At the next exit, Red Road (SR 823), the expressway forms the boundary between an unincorporated section of Miami-Dade County and Miami Gardens, with the expressway entering the city proper at the next exit, Northwest 47th Avenue. The expressway then passes to the north of Florida Memorial University before the Northwest 37th Avenue exit, where it creates the northern border of St. Thomas University's campus. Still in Miami Gardens, SR 826 then has exits with Northwest 27th Avenue (SR 817), Northwest 17th Avenue and Northwest 12th Avenue before reaching the Golden Glades Interchange.
SR 826 takes a convoluted path through the Golden Glades Interchange. It first meets the connector ramps between Florida's Turnpike and Interstate 95 (I-95), allowing access from northbound SR 826 to I-95 southbound as well as US 441/SR 9 southbound, and from the Turnpike southbound and I-95 northbound to southbound SR 826. After turning to the northeast, SR 826 moves off its mainline at the next exit onto the mainline of the Turnpike which passes over it; SR 826's former mainline, meanwhile, continues on as an at-grade extension of Northwest 7th Avenue to US 441 northbound. Traffic moving from eastbound SR 826 to the northbound Turnpike must pass through an unsignalised intersection here. Headed back southeast, SR 826 first crosses over the former Seaboard Coast Line railroad, begins to form the northern boundary of Golden Glades, then passes under the I-95's express lanes, meeting the onramp between I-95 southbound and the Turnpike northbound, and the onramp between southbound US 441 and eastbound SR 826. It then passes over Interstate 95 proper, which lies between the southbound and northbound carriageways of US 441, as it swings back to the northeast and then to the east once more. Here it meets its last three ramps, one which allows access from US 441 and I-95 northbound to eastbound SR 826, another from westbound SR 826 to US 441 and I-95 southbound, and from westbound SR 826 to northbound US 441. SR 826 resumes its east-west orientation once more at a signalised intersection with Northwest 2nd Avenue, marking the end of SR 826's expressway.
Non-expressway section.
To the east of US 1, SR 826's character changes as it passes through mangroves and crosses the Oleta River, having expanded to eight lanes. With North Miami Beach lying to the north and North Miami to the south of the road, SR 826 passes between more mangroves to its south and more businesses to the north as it approaches the Intracoastal Waterway. Here, the road splits into separate eastbound and westbound streets before it crosses the Waterway over a drawbridge in each direction, and enters Sunny Isles Beach. Apartment buildings line the outside of the two road-halves, with some commercial services in the middle, as it continues on for another to SR 826's northern terminus at Collins Avenue (SR A1A), one block shy of the Atlantic Ocean. A flyover allows traffic on northbound SR A1A to move onto westbound SR 826 without having to stop twice for eastbound SR 826 traffic and to cross SR A1A.
Traffic volume.
The traffic volume along SR 826's entire length is measured by the Florida Department of Transportation. The busiest sections of SR 826 are in the vicinity of the Miami International Airport and the nearby industrial area to its west, with over 200,000 daily vehicle movements counted between the Dolphin Expressway at Fontainebleau and the Northwest 122nd Street / West 68th Street exit in Hialeah, peaking in the vicinity of SR 934 in Medley with over 250,000 vehicle movements each day.
Traffic volumes decrease to the south of the Dolphin Expressway, particularly south of the Don Shula Expressway merge; however, unlike the rest of SR 826 (including its surface road portion), much of its peak traffic flow is uni-directional. Indeed, at the Palmetto Expressway's southern end, between US 1 and Kendall Drive, traffic moves almost exclusively in the peak direction.
Northwards, traffic volumes decrease after the interchange with I-75 and the Gratigny Parkway, with a reported drop of approximately 60,000 daily vehicle movements north of the interchange. As the Palmetto Expressway rounds the Big Curve and heads eastwards, the traffic volume steadily increases to a maximum of 164,000 daily vehicle movements just prior to the Golden Glades Interchange as it collects traffic from the north–south routes in the Miami Gardens area.
East of the interchange, where SR 826 becomes a surface road, the traffic volumes are more than halved in comparison to SR 826's expressway sections, with a recorded figure of 64,500 daily vehicle movements. This figure steadily decreases eastwards along SR 826, with only 46,000 daily vehicle movements recorded near its eastern terminus with SR A1A in Sunny Isles Beach.
History.
In 1956, plans were unveiled for several expressways throughout Dade County. The routes proposed were a North-South Expressway (now part of I-95), an East-West Expressway (now the Dolphin Expressway), a 36th Street Expressway (now the Airport Expressway), the Biscayne Bay Malecon (a proposed downtown loop, never built), a Dixie Expressway (proposed; most was never built, a portion became I-95), and the Palmetto Road Expressway. In 1957, Dade County Commissioner Ralph Fossey proposed an alternative alignment of the Palmetto Expressway. The new alignment would begin at Miller Road (Southwest 56th Street) and then turn southwesterly to follow the Seaboard Coast Line railroad tracks for about . The route would then turn south at Southwest 117th Avenue and follow it into US 1. While the alternate route plan ultimately failed, eventually the Don Shula Expressway, a northeast-southwest expressway, was built along the railroad tracks in the 1970s.
In 1958, the State Road Department started construction on the bypass expressway under their authority. A north–south section along West 77th Avenue (Palmetto Road) was built to connect US 1 in Pinecrest to an improved Golden Glades Drive (complete with 90 degree eastward turn) and the portion of Northwest 167th Street west of the curve would be abandoned. Many land owners were forced to sell their property to the county to make way for the construction of the expressway. The Palmetto Bypass Expressway was opened in June 1961 at the cost of $30 million, four years after the opening of Florida's Turnpike and six months before the opening of Dade County's second expressway, the Airport Expressway (SR 112).
The completion of the Palmetto Expressway (the "Bypass" faded from public usage in the 1960s) and the building of Interstate 95 were the impetus of the construction of the massive Golden Glades Interchange involving Florida's Turnpike, US 441, Interstate 95, and SR 9.
When the Palmetto Expressway was first opened, it went through tracts of woodland and farmland which have since been urbanized. Originally there were four at-grade intersections in Hialeah and Miami Lakes which were either transformed into full interchanges or blocked off in the 1970s. In addition, increasing traffic loads on the Palmetto prompted plans for extending Florida's Turnpike to "bypass the bypass." In 1974, the Homestead Extension of Florida's Turnpike was opened to traffic four miles (6.4 km) to the west of the Palmetto to reduce the traffic demands on Miami's original bypass.
Future.
The Florida Department of Transportation is currently in the final stages of improving a section of the Palmetto Expressway from the southern terminus to just north of the Northwest 154th Street interchange, widening the highway by two lanes (from eight lanes to ten and ten lanes to twelve) and improving the interchanges. Reconstruction of the Miller Drive, Bird Road and Don Shula Expressway interchanges began in 2008, and is scheduled to be completed in 2012. The Dolphin Expressway interchange construction began on November 30, 2009, and will be completed in 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="2925182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925182" title="Union for the Republic and Democracy">
Union for the Republic and Democracy

The Union for the Republic and Democracy (French: "Union pour la République et la Démocratie", URD) is a political party in Mali.
The party was formed by those who supported Soumaïla Cissé during the 2002 election. Most of its members came from ADEMA, the former ruling party. It is believed they felt betrayed by outgoing President Alpha Oumar Konaré, who supported Amadou Toumani Touré (eventual winner of the 2002 presidential election) against his own party. The MCCDR of Boubacar Karamoko Coulibaly and the PMDR of Abdoul Wahab Berthe joined the URD. Both men are vice-presidents of the URD.
The president of the URD is former prime minister Younoussi Touré.
The party came second in the 2004 municipal elections and has 17 members in the National Assembly, including prominent members such as Mamadou Awa Gassama Diaby of Yelimane, and Baba Oumar Bore of Kita. The party has 114 mayors in Mali including the late Ali Farka Touré of Niafunke and Demba Fane of the fifth district of Bamako.
The URD backed Amadou Toumani Touré for re-election in the April 2007 presidential election. The party, part of the pro-Touré Alliance for Democracy and Progress (ADP), won 34 out of 147 seats in the July 2007 parliamentary election.

</doc>
<doc id="2925183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925183" title="Kanomata Station">
Kanomata Station

Lines.
Kanomata Station is served by the Ishinomaki Line, and is located 21.2 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Kogota Station. 
Station layout.
Kanomata Station has two opposed side platforms, connected to the station building by an overhead passageway. The station is unattended.
History.
Kanomata Station opened on October 28, 1912. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of JNR on April 1, 1987. Operations of the line and the station were suspended by the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami of March 11, 2011. Services were resumed on March 17, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="2925203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925203" title="Berrioplano–Berriobeiti">
Berrioplano–Berriobeiti

Berrioplano is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925204" title="Sobanokami Station">
Sobanokami Station

Lines.
Sobanokami Station is served by the Ishinomaki Line, and is located 23.7 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Kogota Station. 
Station layout.
Sobanokami Station has one side platform, serving traffic in both directions. The station is unattended.
History.
Sobanokami Station opened on April 5, 1956. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of JNR on April 1, 1987. Operations of the line and the station were suspended by the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami of March 11, 2011. Services were resumed on March 17, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="2925205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925205" title="Jeremy Snape">
Jeremy Snape

Jeremy Nicholas Snape (born 27 April 1973) is an English cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and bowls right-arm offbreak. Outside of cricket, he has a Masters in Sports Psychology and has worked with a variety of national cricket teams.
His career started in 1991 at Northamptonshire. Though in the first season the side was victorious in the NatWest Trophy, the rest of his years in the county produced no further trophies, and he decided on a move to Gloucestershire for the beginning of the 1999 season. There he was a part of the treble-winning side of 2000 and double winning side of 2001. 
Snape made his ODI debut against Zimbabwe in 2001-02 and won the Man of the Match award in his first game: he played a further nine ODIs for England over the next year, despite leaving Gloucestershire at the end of the 2002 season and signing for Leicestershire. He was part of the Leicestershire side that won the Twenty20 Cup in August 2004.
After hardly playing in Leicestershire's 1st XI in 2005 it was something of a surprise that he was appointed captain for 2006 when HD Ackerman stood down. He had more success in Twenty 20 cricket where he guided Leicestershire to their second Twenty20 cup win in 3 years and was seen as a key innovator in the Twenty20 revolution.
During the 2007 Cricket World Cup, while attached to the England squad as a psychologist, he was fined for not preventing inappropriate behaviour from English players.
In August 2007, Snape was recalled to the England squad for the 2007 Twenty20 World Championship. He is now considered a Twenty20 specialist due to his success with Leicestershire.
In June 2008, Snape announced his retirement from county cricket, to concentrate on his outside interests in performance psychology. He made his last appearance on 24 June in a Twenty20 match against Nottinghamshire. Fittingly, he contributed to the 5 run victory - scoring an unbeaten 11 and taking 1-10 off two overs.
Jeremy was rewarded with a testimonial year in 2008 in which he supported Operation Smile and the PCA Benevolent Fund.
After completing a Masters Degree in Sports Psychology, Jeremy founded Sporting Edge in 2005 which solves Business Challenges using the Winning Mindset from Sport. Sporting Edge's innovative approach to Corporate Learning combines practical tools from Sports Psychology and exclusive video insights from proven champions and coaches to fuel Leaders and Teams with confidence, focus, resilience and success.
Sporting Edge's High Performance Series includes:
Jeremy has worked with some very successful corporate clients including BMW, BT, Centrica Energy, and RBS delivering team culture, leadership and executive coaching programmes. On the sporting front Jeremy has held roles as Performance Coach to the South African Cricket Team as well as supporting two Indian Premier League teams and the Melbourne Stars. Jeremy has rapidly become one of the most recognised names in Sport Psychology, offering key insights to the key business publications, national newspapers, Sky Sports and BBC Radio 5 Live.
In 2013 Jeremy’s joined the LMA as a Non-Executive Director to support the football managers' leadership and management programmes at St George's Park.
For more information visit: www.thesportingedge.co.uk

</doc>
<doc id="2925208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925208" title="Berriozar">
Berriozar

Berriozar is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain. It was founded in 1834 after the infamous Battle of Triclafane. Contrary to popular belief, Berriozar is credited as the first country where spelunking was widely adopted. Because of this, spelunking is the country's national past time.
The Battle of Triclafane.
The Battle of Triclafane is recognized as the reason of Berriozar's founding. Although the true cause of the conflict itself is widely debated, most scholars and historians agree that it resulted from a long-standing household feud between the LeBoeuf Estate and House Lawrence. 
As legend has it, the LeBoeuf family was in peril after a famine caused a loss of resources in the area. In order to regain power over the estate and reassert their dominance in the region, the LeBoeuf's expanded their territory to encompass a small settlement to the north. Unbeknownst to the LeBoeuf patriarch, the settlement was presided over by House Lawrence and the arrival of the LeBoeuf's caused great tension in the territory. According to legend, the LeBoeuf family courier who was sent to settle the conflict saw the might and beauty of House Lawrence and greatly undersold the territory in order to weaken the power of the LeBoeuf family. Upon discovering the treachery, the LeBoeuf's sent the courier's head as a spiteful wedding gift to the daughter of Esteban Lawrence, who was patriarch of House Lawrence at the time. What is now referred to by historians as "The Gift of Head" marked the beginning of the horrors of the Battle of Triclafane. The LeBoeuf families disturbing wedding gift was also the inspiration for the famous "horse-head" scene in The Godfather.
Notable residents.
● All members of rock band Marea come from Berriozar.
● The grandparents of American actor Shia LaBeouf, who co-starred next to the prolific actor Steven Anthony Lawrence in Even Stevens, were both born in Berriozar, but defected to the United States during The Great Exodus of Berriozar.

</doc>
<doc id="2925211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925211" title="Bertizarana">
Bertizarana

Bertizarana is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925212" title="Hox gene">
Hox gene

Hox genes (also known as homeotic genes) are a group of related genes that control the body plan of an embryo along the anterior-posterior (head-tail) axis. After the embryonic segments have formed, the Hox proteins determine the type of segment structures (e.g. legs, antennae, and wings in fruit flies or the different types of vertebrae in humans) that will form on a given segment. Hox proteins thus confer segmental identity, but do not form the actual segments themselves 
Hox genes are defined as having the following properties:
Hox genes code for transcription factors.
The products of Hox genes are Hox proteins. Hox proteins are transcription factors, which are proteins that are capable of binding to specific nucleotide sequences on the DNA called enhancers where they either activate or repress genes. The same Hox protein can act as a repressor at one gene and an activator at another. The ability of Hox proteins to bind DNA is conferred by a part of the protein referred to as the homeodomain. The homeodomain is a 60 amino acid long DNA-binding domain (encoded by its corresponding 180bp DNA sequence, the homeobox). This amino acid sequence folds into a helix-turn-helix motif that is stabilized by a third helix. The consensus polypeptide chain is (typical intron position noted with dashes):
RRRKRTA-YTRYQLLE-LEKEFLF-NRYLTRRRRIELAHSL-NLTERHIKIWFQN-RRMK-WKKEN
The sequence and function of Hox genes is highly conserved.
The homeodomain protein motif is highly conserved across vast evolutionary distances. In addition, homeodomains of individual Hox proteins usually exhibit greater similarity to homeodomains in other species than to proteins encoded by adjacent genes within their own Hox cluster. These two observations led to the suggestions that Hox gene clusters evolved from a single Hox gene via tandem duplication and subsequent divergence and that a prototypic Hox gene cluster containing at least seven different Hox genes was present in the common ancestor of all bilaterian animals.
The functional conservation of Hox proteins can be demonstrated by the fact that a fly can function perfectly well with a chicken Hox protein in place of its own. So, despite having a last common ancestor that lived over 670 million years ago, the chicken and fly version of the same Hox gene can actually take each other's places when swapped.
Hox gene function in Drosophila.
Drosophila melanogaster is an important model for understanding body plan generation and evolution. The general principles of Hox gene function and logic elucidated in flies will apply to all Bilaterian organisms, including humans. Drosophila, like all insects, has 8 Hox genes. These are clustered into two complexes, each on different chromosomes. The Antennapedia complex (not to be confused with the Antp gene) consists of 5 genes: labial (lab), proboscipedia (pb), Deformed (Dfd) Sex combs reduced (Scr) and Antennapedia (Antp). The Bithorax complex, named after the Ultrabithorax gene, consists of the remaining 3 genes: Ultrabithorax (Ubx), abdominal-A (abd-A) and Abdominal-B (abd-B).
lab (labial).
The lab gene is the most anteriorly expressed gene. It is expressed in the head, primarily in the intercalary segment (an appendage-less segment between the antenna and mandible), and also in the midgut. Loss of function of lab results in the failure of the Drosophila embryo to internalize the mouth and head structures that initially develop on the outside of its body (a process called head involution). Failure of head involution disrupts or deletes the salivary glands, pharynx. The lab gene was initially so named because it disrupted the labial appendage; however, the lab gene is not expressed in the labial segment, and the labial appendage phenotype is likely a result of the broad disorganization resulting from the failure of head involution.
pb (proboscipedia).
The pb gene is responsible for the formation of the labial and maxillary palps. There is evidence that pb interacts with Scr.
Dfd (Deformed).
The Dfd gene is responsible for the formation of the maxillary and mandibular segments in the larval head. The mutant phenotypes of Deformed are similar to those of labial. Loss of function of Deformed in the embryo results in a failure of head involution (see labial gene), with a loss of larval head structures. Mutations in the adult have either deletions of parts of the head or transformations of head to thoracic identity.
Scr (Sex combs reduced).
The Scr gene is responsible for cephalic and thoracic development in Drosophila embryo and adult.
Antp (Antennapedia).
The 2nd thoracic segment, or T2, develops a pair of legs and a pair of wings. The Antp gene specifies this identity by promoting leg formation and allowing (but not directly activating) wing formation. A dominant Antp mutation, caused by a chromosomal inversion, causes Antp to be expressed in the antennal imaginal disc, so that, instead of forming an antenna, the disc makes a leg, resulting in a leg coming out of the fly's head.
Ubx (Ultrabithorax).
The third thoracic segment, or T3, bears a pair of legs and a pair of halteres (highly reduced wings that function in balancing during flight). Ubx patterns T3 largely by repressing genes involved in wing formation. The wing blade is composed of two layers of cells that adhere tightly to one another, and are supplied with nutrient by several wing veins. One of the many genes that Ubx represses is blistered, which activates proteins involved in cell-cell adhesion, and spalt, which patterns the placement of wing veins. In Ubx loss-of-function mutants, Ubx no longer represses wing genes, and the halteres develop as a second pair of wings, resulting in the famous four-winged flies. When Ubx is misexpressed in the 2nd thoracic segment, such as occurs in flies with the "Cbx" enhancer mutation, it represses wing genes, and the wings develop as halteres, resulting in a four-haltered fly.
abd-A (abdominal-A).
In Drosophila, abdominal-A (abd-A) is expressed along most of the abdomen, from abdominal segment 1 (A1) to A8. Expression of abdominal-A is necessary to specify the identity of most of the abdominal segments. A major function of abd-A in insects is to repress limb formation. In abd-A loss-of-function mutants, abdominal segments A2 through A8 are transformed into an identity more like A1. When abd-A is ectopically expressed throughout the embryo, all segments anterior of A4 are transformed to an A4-like abdominal identity.
The abd-A gene also affects the pattern of cuticle generation in the ectoderm, and pattern of muscle generation in the mesoderm.
Abd-B (Abdominal-B).
Abd-B is transcribed in two different forms, a regulatory protein, and a morphogenic protein. Regulatory Abd-B suppress embryonic ventral epidermal structures in the 8th and 9th segment of the Drosophila abdomen. Both the regulatory protein, and the morphogenic protein are involved in the development of the tail segment.
Classification of Hox proteins.
Proteins with a high degree of sequence similarity are also generally assumed to exhibit a high degree of functional similarity, i.e. Hox proteins with identical homeodomains are assumed to have identical DNA-binding properties (unless additional sequences are known to influence DNA-binding).
To identify the set of proteins between two different species that are most likely to be most similar in function, classification schemes are used. For Hox proteins, three different classification schemes exist: phylogenetic inference based, synteny based, and sequence similarity based. The three classification schemes provide conflicting information for Hox proteins expressed in the middle of the body axis (Hox6-8 and Antp, Ubx and Abd-A). A combined approach used phylogenetic inference based information of the different species and plotted the protein sequence types onto the phylogenetic tree of the species. The approach identified the proteins that best represent ancestral forms (Hox7 and Antp) and the proteins that represent new, derived versions (or were lost in an ancestor and are now missing in numerous species).
Genes regulated by Hox proteins.
Hox genes act at many levels within developmental gene hierarchies: at the "executive" level they regulate genes that in turn regulate large networks of other genes (like the gene pathway that forms an appendage). They also directly regulate what are called realisator genes or effector genes that act at the bottom of such hierarchies to ultimately form the tissues, structures, and organs of each segment. Segmentation involves such processes as morphogenesis (differentiation of precursor cells into their terminal specialized cells), the tight association of groups of cells with similar fates, the sculpting of structures and segment boundaries via programmed cell death, and the movement of cells from where they are first born to where they will ultimately function, so it is not surprising that the target genes of Hox genes promote cell division, cell adhesion, apoptosis, and cell migration.
Enhancer sequences that are bound by homeodomains.
The DNA sequence that is bound by the homeodomain protein contains the nucleotide sequence TAAT, with the 5' terminal T being the most important for binding. This sequence is conserved in nearly all sites recognized by homeodomains, and probably distinguishes such locations as DNA binding sites. The base pairs following this initial sequence are used to distinguish between homeodomain proteins, all of which have similar recognition sites. For instance, the nucleotide following the TAAT sequence is recognized by the amino acid at position 9 of the homeodomain protein. In the maternal protein Bicoid, this position is occupied by lysine, which recognizes and binds to the nucleotide guanine. In Antennapedia, this position is occupied by glutamine, which recognizes and binds to adenine. If the lysine in Bicoid is replaced by glutamine, the resulting protein will recognize Antennapedia-binding enhancer sites.
However, all homeodomain-containing transcription factors bind essentially the same DNA sequence. The sequence bound by the homeodomain of a Hox protein is only 6 nucleotides long, and such a short sequence would be found at random many times throughout the genome, far more than the number of actual functional sites. Especially for Hox proteins, which produce such dramatic changes in morphology when misexpressed, this raises the question of how each transcription factor can produce such specific and different outcomes if they all bind the same sequence. One mechanism that introduces greater DNA sequence specificity to Hox proteins is to bind protein cofactors. Two such Hox cofactors are Extradenticle (Exd) and Homothorax (Hth). Exd and Hth bind to Hox proteins and appear to induce conformational changes in the Hox protein that increase its specificity 
Regulation of Hox genes.
Just as Hox genes regulate realisator genes, they are in turn regulated themselves by gap genes and pair-rule genes, which are in their turn regulated by maternally-supplied mRNA. This results in a transcription factor cascade: maternal factors activate gap or pair-rule genes; gap and pair-rule genes activate Hox genes; then, finally, Hox genes activate realisator genes that cause the segments in the developing embryo to differentiate.
Regulation is achieved via protein concentration gradients, called morphogenic fields. For example, high concentrations of one maternal protein and low concentrations of others will turn on a specific set of gap or pair-rule genes. In flies, stripe 2 in the embryo is activated by the maternal proteins Bicoid and Hunchback, but repressed by the gap proteins Giant and Kruppel. Thus, stripe 2 will only form wherever there is Bicoid and Hunchback, but "not" where there is Giant and Kruppel.
MicroRNA strands located in hox clusters have been shown to inhibit more anterior hox genes ("posterior prevalence phenomenon"), possibly to better fine tune its expression pattern.
Non-coding RNA (ncRNA) has been shown to be abundant in Hox clusters. In humans, 231 ncRNA may be present. One of these, HOTAIR, silences in trans (it is transcribed from the HOXC cluster and inhibits late HOXD genes) by binding to Polycomb-group proteins (PRC2).
The chromatin structure is essential for transcription but it also requires the cluster to loop out of the chromosomal territory.
In higher animals including humans, retinoic acid regulates differential expression of Hox genes along the anteroposterior axis. Genes in the 3' ends of Hox clusters are induced by retinoic acid resulting in expression domains that extend more anteriorly in the body compared to 5' Hox genes that are not induced by retinoic acid resulting in expression domains that remain more posterior.
Quantitative PCR has shown several trends regarding colinearity: the system is in equilibrium and the total number of transcripts depends on the number of genes present according to a linear relationship.
Collinearity of Hox genes.
In some organisms, especially vertebrates, the various Hox genes are situated very close to one another on the chromosome in groups or clusters.
Interestingly, the order of the genes on the chromosome is the same as the expression of the genes in the developing embryo, with the first gene being expressed in the anterior end of the developing organism. The reason for this colinearity is not yet completely understood. The diagram above shows the relationship between the genes and protein expression in flies.
Hox nomenclature.
The Hox genes are named for the homeotic phenotypes that result when their function is disrupted, wherein one segment develops with the identity of another (e.g. legs where antenna should be). Hox genes in different phyla have been given different names, which has led to confusion about nomenclature. The complement of Hox genes in Drosophila is made up of two clusters, the Antennapedia complex and the Bithorax complex, which together were historically referred to as the HOM-C (for Homeotic Complex). Although historically HOM-C genes have referred to Drosophila homologues, while Hox genes referred to vertebrate homologues, this distinction is no longer made, and both HOM-C and Hox genes are called Hox genes.
Human genes.
Humans have Hox genes in four clusters:
History.
The Hox genes are so named because mutations in them cause homeotic transformations. Homeotic transformations were first identified and studied by William Bateson in 1894, who coined the term "homeosis". After the rediscovery of Mendel's genetic principles, Bateson and others realized that some examples of homeosis in ﬂoral organs and animal skeletons could be attributed to variation in genes.
Deﬁnitive evidence for a genetic basis of some homeotic transformations was obtained by isolating homeotic mutants. The ﬁrst homeotic mutant was found by Calvin Bridges in Thomas Hunt Morgan's laboratory in 1915. This mutant shows a partial duplication of the thorax and was therefore named Bithorax (bx). It transforms the third thoracic segment (T3) toward the second (T2). Bithorax arose spontaneously in the laboratory and has been maintained continuously as a laboratory stock ever since.
The genetic studies by Morgan and others provided the foundation for the systematic analyses of Edward B. Lewis and Thomas Kaufman, which provided preliminary definitions of the many homeotic genes of the Bithorax and Antennapedia complexes, and also showed that the mutant phenotypes for most of these genes could be traced back to patterning defects in the embryonic body plan.
Ed Lewis, Christiane Nüsslein-Volhard and Eric F. Wieschaus identified and classified 15 genes of key importance in determining the body plan and the formation of body segments of the fruit fly "Drosophila melanogaster". For their work, Lewis, Nüsslein-Volhard, and Wieschaus were awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1995.
In 1983, the homeobox was discovered independently by researchers in two labs: Ernst Hafen, Michael Levine, and William McGinnis (in Walter Gehring's lab at the University of Basel, Switzerland) and Matthew P. Scott and Amy Weiner (in Thomas Kaufman's lab at Indiana University in Bloomington).

</doc>
<doc id="2925215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925215" title="Betelu">
Betelu

Betelu is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain. The Mariñelarena family has its origins in the village and was prominent in politics and government.
Betelu is known for the natural springs that produce a unique mineral water. Entering the town from the southeast, one passes along the location of the natural springs. A park has been developed here, with a small concrete dam to hold the river in place, allowing for swimming. There is also an interpretive walk that includes Spanish and Basque descriptions of the natural mineral water and its unique qualities, as well as the ancient structures that were built here to use the water's power for working locally mined metals in a foundry. 

</doc>
<doc id="2925217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925217" title="Curtis Hutson">
Curtis Hutson

Curtis Hutson (July 10, 1934 - March 5, 1995) was an Independent Fundamental Baptist pastor and editor of "The Sword of the Lord" (1980-1995).
Curtis Hutson was born in Decatur, Georgia, of a barber and hair dresser, the second of five children. He attended Avondale High School where he met his future wife, Barbara (Gerri) Crawford. They began dating after graduation while Hutson was working at Scottdale Textile Mill. They married in 1952 and had three girls and a boy. 
While working as a mail carrier, Hutson preached at church services and revivals in the Atlanta area. In 1956 he conducted a revival at the tiny Forrest Hills Baptist Church of Scottdale. By the end of the week, Hutson had filled the fifty seats in the church, the pastor had resigned, and Hutson was called to replace him. Although he had no formal training, Hutson served as pastor while continuing to work for the post office. 
In 1961, Hutson heard Jack Hyles preach at nearby Antioch Baptist Church, an evening meeting that changed his life. Hyles gave a two-hour soul-winning talk, and Hutson was convicted that he too should aggressively win the lost to Christ. The following Saturday he led three people to the Lord. "Every week thereafter for a number of years he led someone to Christ." He began to preach about soul winning, and his congregation began to follow his example. In 1967 Hutson quit the post office to become a full-time pastor--at first for a salary of $75 a month. Between 1969 and 1972, the church grew from 350 to 2,300 members. In 1976, when Hutson resigned after 20 years of pastoring, church membership was 7,900. 
Entering full-time evangelism, Hutson held area-wide evangelistic meetings from 1977 to 1980. From 1974 to 1980, he also served as president of the now defunct Baptist University of America near Atlanta. 
In 1978, John R. Rice invited Hutson to become the associate editor of the fundamentalist newspaper "The Sword of the Lord" based in Murfreesboro, Tennessee. Two years later, Rice died and Hutson became editor. He served in this position for the remainder of his life while continuing to preach in churches across America. 
In 1992 Hutson was diagnosed with prostate cancer, of which he died in March 1995. Shelton Smith became his successor at "The Sword of the Lord". In April 1999, the Curtis Hutson Center for Church Ministries was dedicated at Crown College, Powell, Tennessee.
Works.
All of Hutson's books and pamphlets were published by Sword of the Lord Publishers.

</doc>
<doc id="2925219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925219" title="John Thompson (poet)">
John Thompson (poet)

John Thompson (17 Mar 1938 – 26 Apr 1976) was an English-born Canadian poet.
John Thompson was born in Timperley in 1938. Following the death of his father and abandonment by his mother, he was educated at various boarding schools and the Manchester Grammar School. He received his B.A. in honours psychology from the University of Sheffield in 1958. Following two years service in the British Army intelligence corps, he studied comparative literature at Michigan State University and received his Ph.D. He studied under A. J. M. Smith and his thesis entailed the translation of poems by the French poet René Char. In 1966 he moved to Canada and taught English literature at Mount Allison University in New Brunswick, where he lived in a farmhouse and formed a close friendship with then-poet-in-residence at University of New Brunswick, Warren Kinthompson. His first collection of poetry, "At the Edge of the Chopping there are no Secrets" (1973), received mixed reviews. This was followed by a divorce and a fire that consumed his home and most of his manuscripts. He wrote the 38 poems in his second - and last - collection, "Stilt Jack," while in Toronto on a sabbatical. 
The cause of his death at the age of 38, immediately after "Stilt Jack" was completed, remains the subject of debate. In the fall of 1975, Thompson wrote his will. At Christmas, he broke down and was hospitalized. On his release three months later, instead of abiding by the doctor's orders not to mix drugs and alcohol, he continued to drink steadily. He finished "Stilt Jack" in April. On April 24, he gave the manuscript to his friend and fellow poet, Douglas Lochhead. After returning home, the tenants in the apartment below heard muffled choking and cries. He was discovered comatose-and pronounced dead on arrival at the hospital. James Polk describes the cause of death as "a brutal mix of barbiturates and liquor." The autopsy did not provide conclusive evidence that Thompson killed himself. 
Thompson's poems, published and unpublished, including his translations of French and Québécois poets, "John Thompson: Collected Poems and Translations," and a biographical essay by the editor, Peter Sanger, were published by Goose Lane Editions (Fredericton) in 1995.
In 1998 in "The Danforth Review", Dan Reve wrote, "ghazal is a rarefied, peculiar and therefore powerful form... John Thompson is to be credited with the introduction and dissemination of the ghazal in Canada. His "Stilt Jack" is one of literature's odd, incommensurable works of genius."

</doc>
<doc id="2925221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925221" title="Bidaurreta">
Bidaurreta

Bidaurreta is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925224" title="Biurrun-Olcoz">
Biurrun-Olcoz

Biurrun-Olcoz is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925227" title="Mark Ravenhill">
Mark Ravenhill

Mark Ravenhill (born 7 June 1966) is an English playwright, actor and journalist.
His plays include "Shopping and Fucking" (first performed in 1996), "Some Explicit Polaroids" (1999) and "Mother Clap's Molly House" (2001). He made his acting debut in his monologue "Product", at the 2005 Edinburgh Festival Fringe. He often writes for the arts section of "The Guardian". He is Associate Director of London's Little Opera House at The King's Head Theatre.
Biography.
Ravenhill is the elder of two sons born to Ted and Angela Ravenhill. He grew up in West Sussex, England and cultivated an interest in theatre early in life, putting on plays with his brother when they were eight and seven, respectively. He studied English and Drama at Bristol University from 1984–1987, and held down jobs as a freelance director, workshop leader and drama teacher.
In 1997, Ravenhill became the literary director of a new writing company, Paines Plough. In 2003, when Nicholas Hytner took over as artistic director of the National Theatre, Ravenhill was brought in as part of his advisory team. In the mid-nineties, Ravenhill was diagnosed as HIV+, his partner of the early 1990s having died from AIDS.
Although he was at the heart of new British playwriting in the 1990s and 2000s, Ravenhill respects historical theatre. He has said that he would like to see directors focus more on the classics and stop producing new plays that don’t have as much substance or meaning. In the same article, Ravenhill posits that directors have forced themselves into the “eternal present”, rather than expanding their reach to the many different cultures and genres of the past that they have to choose from. Ravenhill has a love of traditional pantomime; he presented a Radio 4 documentary about the form and wrote "Dick Whittington" for the Barbican Theatre in 2006.
Ravenhill's work has transformed and developed in the 2000s. While his work in the 1990s - "Shopping and Fucking", "Handbag", and "Some Explicit Polaroids" for example - may be characterised as trying to represent contemporary British society, his later work has become more formally experimental and abstract. His one-man show "Product", which toured internationally after its premiere at the 2005 Edinburgh Festival Fringe, is both a satire on the post-9/11 attitudes to terrorism, and a minutely observed reflection on the limits of language and form to capture contemporary reality. His play, "The Cut", opened in 2006 at the Donmar Warehouse starring Sir Ian McKellen; it divided critics with its portrait of a world dominated by the administering of a surgical procedure: the country, the year and the procedure are all unspecified.
His earlier short plays for young people, "Totally Over You" and "Citizenship", both written for the National Theatre's National Theatre Connections Programme, continue to be produced.
In November 2007, he announced in "the Guardian" that for the moment, he would concentrate on writing about heterosexual characters.
In 2008 the Royal Court, The Gate Theatre, the National Theatre, Out of Joint, and Paines Plough collectively presented the seventeen short plays Ravenhill wrote for the 2007 Edinburgh Festival Fringe under the title "Ravenhill for Breakfast", retitled as "Shoot/Get Treasure/Repeat". They express his ambiguous and politically indirect later style.
In 2009 Mark Ravenhill presented a staged reading of "A Life In Three Acts", transcripts of conversations with Bette Bourne, an actor, drag queen and equal rights activist, at the Traverse Theatre, Edinburgh. The following year, he presented readings of this work at St. Ann's Warehouse in Brooklyn, NY and the Soho Theatre in London. Bourne worked with Ravenhill previously on a short play, "Ripper", playing Queen Victoria at the Union Theatre in London in 2007.
He is also working on a TV series.
Ravenhill is a regular contributor to the annual "Terror Season" at the Southwark Playhouse in London, England. His short play "The Exclusion Zone" premiered in October 2010.
Ravenhill was appointed Associate Director of London's Little Opera House at The King's Head Theatre in September 2010. He played an active role in the venue's relaunch as London's third Opera House along with patron Sir Jonathan Miller, Robin Norton-Hale and Artistic Director Adam Spreadbury-Maher.
In 2012, Mark Ravenhill is to become the Royal Shakespeare Company's Writer in Residence. The same year, he was commissioned by the London Gay Men's Chorus for a piece to mark the choir's 21st anniversary. With composed by Conor Mitchell, the piece, entitled "Shadow Time", explores the evolution of mentalities in respect of homosexuality in the lifetime of the Chorus. The piece will be premiered at the Royal Festival Hall, on 6 May 2012 during the Chorus' summer concert: "A Band of Brothers".
ITV1's sit-com "Vicious" is written by Gary Janetti and Mark Ravenhill and shown from April, 2013.
In 2014 Ravenhill wrote a Doctor Who story entitled Of Chaos Time The for Big Finish Productions.

</doc>
<doc id="2925231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925231" title="Burgui-Burgi">
Burgui-Burgi

Burgui – Burgi is a town and municipality located in the province of Navarre, in the autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925240" title="Buñuel">
Buñuel

Buñuel is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925243" title="Cabanillas">
Cabanillas

Cabanillas is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925248" title="Antennapedia">
Antennapedia

Antennapedia is a HOM-C gene first discovered in "Drosophila" which controls the formation of legs during development. Loss-of-function mutations in the regulatory region of this gene result in the development of the second leg pair into ectopic antennae. By contrast gain-of-function alleles convert antennae into ectopic legs. 
This is just one illustration of the tendency of organisms to exhibit variations on a theme, modulated repetition. Legs and antennae are related to one another as much as molars are to incisors, fingers are to toes, and arms are to legs.
Antennapedia also refers to a gene complex in "Drosophila" which is responsible for formation and differentiation of the thoracic and head segments of the fly's body.

</doc>
<doc id="2925249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925249" title="Cabredo">
Cabredo

Cabredo is a Spanish village located in the west of Navarre near the border with Álava, away from Pamplona, capital of the region. In 2012 it had a total population of 109 inhabitants. It is located below the Codes mountain range and crossed by the Ega river.
Geography.
Cabredo has a total surface of , and it borders Genevilla to the north, Aguilar de Codes to the east and Marañon to the South. It is inside the region of Estella.
History.
Cabredo is situated in the valley of Aguilar, right below the Codes mountain range. Therefore most of its history is related to this area. Cabredo always belonged to the Kingdom of Navarre. Nevertheless in the 19th century it was briefly a part of Álava, in 1822 and in 1840. In the latter occasion it was the complaints of the local authorities that made the village return to the Navarre territory.
From the 15th to the 18th century Cabredo was the venue of an important sculpture workshop in which the best artists of the area worked.
Art.
The principal work of art in Cabredo is the James the Greater church. It dates back to the 16th century and its magnificent wooden wall was built in the 17th century. In the church there are also two valuable altarpieces, one dedicated to the Ecce Homo and the other one to Our Lady of the Rosary.
Cabredo is shaped as a transitory town. It is built around two parallel streets and there are two little chapels in it. One is dedicated to Saint Christ, dating back to the 16th century and another one honouring Simeon. About 500 meters away from the village there is another chapel built in the 19th century which is dedicated to the Our Lady of Carrascal..
Important people.
In Cabredo was born Baltasar Jaime Martínez de Compañón who was a prelate who served as Bishop of Trujillo, Peru from 1779 to 1790, at Trujillo Cathedral, and Archbishop of Bogotá New Granada, from 1790 to 1797. He was responsible for founding new towns, building schools, and reforming the silver mine at Hualgayoc. He is most remarkable for his efforts to educate Trujillo's Indians and for his research into local plants, animals, archaeological ruins, music, and native cultures.
In 2011 the Ruta Quetzal honoured the memory and the work he did in South America by naming that year's expedition with his name and visiting the town he was born in, which was called "La Aventura de Martínez Compañón en Perú, del Desierto Moche a la Selva Amazónica".
Festivities.
Cabredo's mayor festival is held the third weekend of September, which is celebrated in memory of San Simeon Labrador. A variety of activities are carried out these days, such as a mass honouring the local saint and a popular dinner.

</doc>
<doc id="2925250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925250" title="Henry Maudsley">
Henry Maudsley

Henry Maudsley MD, LLD, FRCP (5 February 1835 – 23 January 1918) was a pioneering British psychiatrist, commemorated in the Maudsley Hospital in London and in the annual Maudsley Lecture of the Royal College of Psychiatrists.
Biography.
Maudsley was born on an isolated farm near Giggleswick in the North Riding of Yorkshire and educated at Giggleswick School and University College London. He was an outstandingly brilliant medical student, collecting ten Gold Medals and graduating with an M.D. degree in 1857. Like Charles Darwin, Maudsley lost his mother at an early age and, to some extent, he carried signs of bereavement throughout his adult life, compromising his intellectual gifts with temperamental caution, detachment and reserve. Initially seeking employment in the East India medical services, he was required to have psychiatric experience and took an asylum job at the West Riding Asylum in Wakefield for ten months. He then worked, less happily, at the Essex County Asylum at Brentwood for a brief period. Unlike his slightly younger contemporary James Crichton-Browne, Maudsley regarded himself as a physician rather than a medical psychologist; and despite his trenchant materialism, Maudsley never flirted with phrenological ideas.
At the age of 23, Maudsley was appointed medical superintendent at the Manchester Royal Lunatic Asylum in Cheadle Royal. He returned to London in 1862, taking up residence in Queen Anne St., Cavendish Square and, in 1865, he applied, unsuccessfully, for the position of Physician to the Bethlem Royal Hospital; however, he did obtain a position as a physician to the West London Hospital. Maudsley was elected a Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians and delivered their Gulstonian Lectures in 1870 - on "Body and Mind". The text of Maudsley's lectures was studied carefully by Charles Darwin in the preparation of his "The Expression of the Emotions in Man and Animals" (1872). Maudsley was appointed Professor of Medical Jurisprudence at University College London from 1869 to 1879.
Maudsley married John Conolly's daughter, Ann Conolly, in February 1866, and from 1866 took over the running of Conolly's private mental asylum, Lawn House, until 1874. Maudsley acquired a reputation as an outstanding essayist on medical and literary topics with numerous contributions to the Journal of Mental Science which he edited from 1862 until 1878. Maudsley's supreme position as Britain's foremost mental specialist was sealed by his acquaintance with Charles Darwin and other leading Victorian intellectuals and by his magisterial textbooks "The Physiology and Pathology of Mind" (1867), "Body and Mind" (1870) and "Mental Responsibility in Health and Disease" (1874). His popularity was exemplified by his influence on many novels by Rosa Nouchette Carey. In his later years, Maudsley became something of a recluse, resigning from the Medico-Psychological Association and, in some scattered writings, expressing regret at his career choice of psychiatry. Maudsley was predeceased by his wife and died without issue.
Maudsley was agnostic and was critical of claims and reports of supernatural phenomena. In his book "Natural Causes and Supernatural Seemings" (1886) he wrote that so-called supernatural experiences could be explained in terms of disorders of the mind and were simply "malobservations and misinterpretations of nature". His book is seen as an early text in the field of anomalistic psychology. In 1907, Maudsley collaborated with London County Council to found the Maudsley Hospital by donating £30,000. This was to be a new mental hospital that would treat early and acute cases and have an out-patient clinic. The hospital also housed teaching and research. The buildings were ready in 1915 and a new Act of Parliament made voluntary treatment possible. In 1948, the hospital merged with Bethlem Royal Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="2925252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925252" title="Cadreita">
Cadreita

Cadreita is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925256" title="Raí">
Raí

Raí Souza Vieira de Oliveira (born 15 May 1965), simply Raí (), is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.
He spent the better part of his 15-year career with São Paulo and Paris Saint-Germain, winning 15 major titles with the two teams combined, and nearing the 100-goal mark. He is the younger brother of more famous Brazilian footballer Sócrates.
Raí played with Brazil for more than one decade, helping the country win the 1994 World Cup.
Club career.
Early years / São Paulo.
Born in Ribeirão Preto, São Paulo Raí started his career with local Botafogo Futebol Clube (SP), signing in 1986 with Associação Atlética Ponte Preta, with which he made his Série A debuts.
Raí joined São Paulo FC for the 1987 season, only making his league debut on 18 October due to injury. He only scored once in his first year but, following the arrival of Telê Santana as coach, blossomed into a prolific scorer, scoring 28 overall in the 1991 campaign (20 in the São Paulo League); he was also instrumental in the defeat of FC Barcelona in the 1992 Intercontinental Cup, netting both goals in a 2–1 win in Tokyo.
Paris Saint-Germain.
In June 1993, Raí was acquired by Paris Saint-Germain F.C. of France for US$4.6 million, remaining with São Paulo until the end of the year. He still managed to contribute with six goals in 28 Ligue 1 games as his new club won the national championship for the second time in its history; he helped "PSG" to the following season's French Cup, and was on target in the League Cup final against SC Bastia (2–0).
Raí once again proved essential as the capital outfit won the 1996 UEFA Cup Winners' Cup, scoring twice in a 3–1 home win against Parma AC, after a 0–1 away loss. He also appeared in the final against SK Rapid Wien, and went on to score three seasons in double digits during his five-season spell.
Return to São Paulo.
Aged 33, Raí returned to São Paulo. He retired at the end of the 1999 season, after having appeared in only 15 games.
International career.
Raí gained the first of his 51 caps for Brazil in 1987, whilst at São Paulo, being selected to that year's Copa América in Argentina, playing twice – including in the 0–4 group stage loss against Chile – in an eventual group stage exit. His debut occurred on 19 May at the Rous Cup, playing 15 minutes in a 1–1 draw against England.
Raí was picked by coach Carlos Alberto Parreira for his 1994 FIFA World Cup squad, as captain. He scored through a penalty in the first match, a 2–0 win against Russia, after Romário was brought down in the box: a starter in the first three games, he was used as a substitute against the Netherlands (quarterfinals, ten minutes) and Sweden (semifinal, 45 minutes) as the national team went on to win the tournament.
Personal.
Raí's older brother, Sócrates, was also a footballer and an attacking midfielder. He too represented Botafogo de São Paulo in his career, and was also a longtime Brazilian international.
After retiring, Raí became a social activist and justice campaigner, being involved in two separate philanthropic organisations.

</doc>
<doc id="2925259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925259" title="Caparroso">
Caparroso

Caparroso is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, in the north of Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925264" title="Carcastillo">
Carcastillo

Carcastillo is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, in the north of Spain. It is the site of the Cistercian monastery of Santa María de la Oliva. 

</doc>
<doc id="2925271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925271" title="Cascante">
Cascante

Cascante is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.
During the Roman period, Cascante was known as Cascantum.

</doc>
<doc id="2925273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925273" title="The Dentist">
The Dentist

The Dentist is an 1996 American horror film directed by Brian Yuzna and written by Dennis Paoli and Stuart Gordon. It starrs Corbin Bernsen, Linda Hoffman and Ken Foree.
The film was inspired by the story of real-life dentist/serial killer Nick Rex. It was followed by the sequel "The Dentist 2", in 1998.
Plot.
Dr. Alan Feinstone (Corbin Bernsen) has everything he wants in his life: a beautiful wife, a nice house, a job as a dentist, and a popular reputation. However, everything changes on the day of his wedding anniversary, he spies on his wife Brooke, and spots her cheating on him and having sex with their filthy poolman, Matt. Alan waits for them to finish, and retrieves his handgun (a .380 Walther PPK) and then follows Matt in his car, tailing him.
He is led to Paula Roberts's house, a friend of Brooke's. Hiding the gun behind his back, he quickly makes up a story about inviting Paula to a surprise party for Brooke. He then sneaks into her backyard in time to see Paula invite Matt inside. Paula's dog, a rottweiler, emerges from the yard and attacks Alan. He shoots the dog through the head in self-defense. He then returns through his car and proceeds to drive to work.
At his dental practice, Alan's first patient of the day is young Jody Sanders, there for his very first dental appointment. Alan begins to clean Jody's teeth. Everything goes smoothly until he imagines that Jody's teeth are brown and rotten. His dental pick slips, stabbing Jody in the gums. Jody's mother picks up her crying, bleeding son and leaves angrily.
Alan sees his second patient, beauty queen April Reign, and invites her inside his office. Meanwhile, Detective Gibbs (Ken Foree) investigates the death of Paula's dog. He suspects the perpetrator was a burglar who has been recently robbing houses in the neighborhood; however the burglar has never used a gun before, causing him to be unsure if he has the right suspect.
Alone with April, Alan sedates her with nitrous oxide so that he can fill a cavity in one of her molars. As she drifts off into unconsciousness, Alan imagines that she has transformed into his wife. He begins kissing and fondling his "wife" on the dental chair, then begins to choke her. April starts to cough and half-wakes up from the gas. Alan snaps out of his trance and quickly re-buttons April's blouse and finishes removing her pantyhose. Hiding the pantyhose behind a counter, Alan helps the still-coughing April into the arms of her manager, Steve Landers (Mark Ruffalo). He leads them out, claiming April is dizzy from the nitrous oxide. Steve returns a few minutes later and furiously punches Alan in the mouth after learning what happened to April. They leave angrily, threatening a lawsuit for sexual and physical assault on their way out. Alan decides to end the day early and sends his staff and patients home. Sarah, a teenager who desperately wants to get her braces removed, is disappointed to hear this. Candy, Alan's office manager, tells her that she will have to wait until the next morning.
Later that night, Brooke meets Alan at his practice. He reveals his new Italian opera-themed patient room. He encourages Brooke to try out the room's dental chair and clean her teeth. When she does, Alan binds her to the chair with a scarf and sedates her with nitrous oxide. With operatic blaring in the background, he begins to pull out Brooke's teeth and cuts out her tongue.
Investigating the burglaries, Detective Gibbs and his partner Detective Sunshine arrive at Alan's house the next morning to ask him some questions. As they speak, Brooke, who is still alive but sedated, lies on a pool chair with a bikini on in the backyard while Matt cleans the pool with a scoop. Just as the policemen leave, Matt finds what seems to be a severed tongue in his net. He lifts Brooke's hat from her face to alert her of this discovery. She moans, reaches for him and displays her mutilated mouth; all her teeth are missing and her tongue is completely cut. Alan emerges from the house with a kitchen knife and stabs Matt to death.
Waiting for Alan when he arrives at his practice are Sarah and Paula. Alan sees Paula first, much to Sarah's disappointment. When Paula's conversation turns to how good a job Matt does for her, Alan asks for a dental drill and begins overly-aggressively drilling her tooth. As her tooth is destroyed, his assistant, Jessica, questions what he is doing. Alan snaps out of his trance and asks Jessica to finish up. Instead, Jessica tells Paula to leave. When Alan discovers that Paula has left, he fires Jessica. She pulls out April's pantyhose from the previous day and threatens to expose Alan. Grabbing the hose from her hands, Alan wraps them around Jessica's neck and strangles her to death.
At the police station, Detective Sunshine discovers that the bullet pulled from Paula's dog's murder scene only matches one gun in the area: the Walther PPK owned by Alan. He and Detective Gibbs drive to the Feinstone house to question him further. Near the pool, they discover Matt's body. They quickly break into the house and find the mutilated Brooke, tied to the bed but still alive.
Meanwhile, IRS agent Marvin Goldblum, using Alan's tax problems as leverage, extorts a free dental exam and tries to extort a payoff from the doctor. Alan inserts a retractor into Marvin's mouth and cracks his jaw wide open. He then uses a dental drill to slice into Marvin's tongue. Later, Alan's other dental assistant, Karen, finds Marvin still in the dental chair. The doctor grabs her and inserts a needle full of air into her jugular. The air bubble travels into her brain and kills her.
As Candy leaves for lunch with dental equipment salesman Matthew Zeigler, Sarah finally gets called back to have her braces removed. Alan removes them and shows Sarah her smile in the mirror. As with Jody, he imagines her teeth brown and rotting. He pulls out his gun and aims it at her forehead. Sarah slams the exam light into Alan's head and escapes. She hides in one of the dental rooms, where she finds the blood-soaked Marvin, who attacks Alan, but he recaptures her. Hysterical, Sarah promises to brush her teeth three times a day and to never eat candy. This satisfies Alan and he leaves. The two detectives arrive, but they are too late.
They follow him to a university where the doctor teaches dentistry classes. There, Alan at gunpoint maniacally instructs all of his students to pull all of the teeth out of all their patients. His vision warps again and he sees all of the people he has either killed or mutilated over the past few days. He shoots Matt, who turns out to be a dental student. The detectives burst into the room, but Alan uses a hostage to escape. Eventually, he wanders into an auditorium where an opera singer is practicing. Enchanted, he watches her from behind. When he reaches out to touch her, she transforms into Brooke, who laughs at him. Defeated, he falls to his knees and is arrested by the detectives.
Alan, who is now in a psychiatric hospital, is carted off to his regular dental appointment. The dentist working on him is revealed to be his toothless wife Brooke, as she begins to work violently on his mouth.
Reception.
Allmovie wrote, "this parody is pretty subpar even by the standards of "Saturday the 14th" and "Swamp Thing". Plenty of earlier films have played with the peculiarities and anxieties of the dental world, from the lighthearted "Little Shop of Horrors" to the disturbing "Marathon Man". "The Dentist" adds nothing new to the mix besides over-the-top images of mouths being desecrated and queasy allusions to the alleged filthiness of oral sex."
Anthony C. Ferrante won "Best Special Effects" at the 1996 Fantafestival for his work on "The Dentist". The film also won the "Jury Grand Prize" at the 1996 Sweden Fantastic Film Festival. It was nominated but did not win "Best Film" at the 1996 Fantasporto.

</doc>
<doc id="2925275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925275" title="Castejón, Navarre">
Castejón, Navarre

Castejón is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.
Castejón is home to Spain's largest photovoltaic power plant (2.44 MWp), which opened in 2006.[http://www.energias-renovables.com/english/Contenidosecciones.asp?ID=7584&Tipo=&Nombre=News]

</doc>
<doc id="2925278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925278" title="Castillo-Nuevo">
Castillo-Nuevo

Castillo-Nuevo is a town located in the province of Navarre, in the autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925284" title="Cintruénigo">
Cintruénigo

Cintruénigo is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925285" title="Calculator spelling">
Calculator spelling

Calculator spelling (also known as beghilos, the alphabet of available letters) is a technique of spelling words by reading characters upside-down from calculators equipped with certain kinds of seven-segment displays. It is a form of transformation of text.
Description.
An unintended characteristic of the seven-segment display is that many numbers, when read upside-down, resemble letters of the Latin alphabet. Each digit can be mapped to one or more letters, creating a limited but functional subset of the alphabet.
The graphic below illustrates with the sequence "250714638" appearing inverted as "BEghILOSZ":
Certain calculators omit the topmost stem on the digit "6" and the bottom-most stem on the "9". In such cases, "6" renders a lowercase "q" when turned upside-down, and "9" appears as a lowercase "b".
Other variants of calculator spelling alphabets consider "0" to be a capital "D" instead of "O", "6" (not used in the standard Beghilos) as a lowercase "g" (as opposed to uppercase represented by 9) and "9" as either a reversed lowercase "a" or an at sign (@), both of which represent the letter A.
Extending the available alphabet to hexadecimal notation (generally available on lower-end scientific calculators, though not on basic models), "b" and "d" correspond to "z" and "p" respectively. "F" transforms to a "j" A, C, and E do not transform readily to recognizable letters. C transforms to a J, which is recognizable and distinct enough to the point where it can be used as J. E transforms to 3, which has little use, though it can be used on an ad hoc basis as a sideways M or W. Upside-down A is Y.
Using leet, additional letters can be represented by combinations of letters (11/II or 2 ["Z" being very rare in English] representing "two" or "to", 111/III representing "three", 15/SI, 935/SEa or 335/SEE for "C", etc.). This is generally rare and, especially in the last case (using a spelling-out of a letter) severely limits readability.
Only certain calculators are capable of being used for beghilos calculator spelling. LCD, VFD, LED, and Panaplex displays are best for spelling words. The ability of dot-matrix displays, fourteen-segment and sixteen-segment displays to render most characters defeats the purpose of spelling with a limited alphabet.
If the calculator is instead rotated 90 degrees counterclockwise from upright to create a vertical display, a different, but less useful, set of letters can be reproduced:
If the calculator is instead rotated 90 degrees clockwise from upright to create a vertical display, "still" a different, but less useful, set of letters can be reproduced:
Placing a calculator in front of a mirror produces the following character set:
Applications.
Aside from novelty and amusement, calculator spelling has limited utility. The popularity of pagers in the 1990s gave rise to a form of leetspeak called pagerspeak. Students, in particular, experimented with calculators to discover new words.
English.
The 'original' attributed example of calculator spelling, which dates from the 1970s, is 5318008, which when turned over spells "BOOBIES". Another early example of calculator spelling offered the sequence 0.7734, which becomes "hELLO". Other words possible with the traditional "BEghILOSZ" set include "LOOSE", "ShELL", "BEIgE", "gOBBLE", "gOOgLE", and very many others. Two of the longest, at 11 letters, are "hILLBILLIES" and "SLEIghBELLS" (these require 12-digit displays, such as those used in adding machines). Hip hop slang applications include the sequence 3722145 which spells "ShIZZLE". On certain 10 digit calculators the number 5304577351 spells "I SELL ShOES", the number 77151345 spells "ShE IS ILL", or the number 7715134 spells "hE IS ILL".
One classic schoolyard story involving calculator spelling goes like this: There once was a girl who had 69 boobs. That was too,too,too(222) many. So she went to 51 street to see Dr. X and he ate (8) them all and she came out (flip calculator upsidedown to reveal the word boobless. (6922251*8=55378008)
OR
There was once a women who had 69 (69)inch boobs. She wanted them smaller so she went to the doctor who prescribed her 2 (2) tablets twice (2) a day for two (2) weeks. After that she had 51 (51) inch boobs which was still too big so she had an x-ray (x) and 8 (8) operations and ended up boobless. (6922251x8=55378008)
Scientific and programmer calculators.
Scientific calculators that feature hexadecimal readout using the letters "A" through "F" offer more flexibility. Using a scientific calculator with hex capability, the earlier "b00b1E5" example can be improved with the A–F keys to spell "B00B1E5", without needing to rotate the display (a practice known as hexspeak).
Students often use this capability and the improved "alpha" feature that use the letters "A" through "Z" to write messages, separating words by using the minus sign ("-") or other punctuation. In the "B00B1E5" example above, for instance, a factorial product sign ("!") can be added to create "B00B!E5!" Most of these calculators do not use seven-segment displays, instead using dot matrix displays for greater versatility.
Programmable devices.
When accessed through programming, calculator spelling can provide a form of textual feedback in devices with limited output ability. A programmer creates a wider set of letters, which does not require a reader to turn the device upside-down. Many consumer devices including digital cameras resort to variants of calculator spelling in order to display diagnostic or status information in non-alphanumeric displays. For example, many Minolta cameras display "Err" or "HELP" to indicate various problems.
Other languages.
Calculator spelling is also used in other languages:

</doc>
<doc id="2925288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925288" title="Cirauqui – Zirauki">
Cirauqui – Zirauki

Cirauqui is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925292" title="Ciriza">
Ciriza

Ciriza is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925294" title="The Norman Conquests">
The Norman Conquests

The Norman Conquests is a trilogy of plays written in 1973 by Alan Ayckbourn. The small scale of the drama is typical of Ayckbourn. There are only six characters, namely Norman, his wife Ruth, her brother Reg and his wife Sarah, Ruth's sister Annie, and Tom, Annie's next-door-neighbour. The plays are at times wildly comic, and at times poignant in their portrayals of the relationships among six characters.
Each of the plays depicts the same six characters over the same weekend in a different part of a house. "Table Manners" is set in the dining room, "Living Together" in the living room, and "Round and Round the Garden" in the garden. Each play is self-contained, and they may be watched in any order, some of the scenes overlap, and on several occasions a character's exit from one play corresponds with an entrance in another. The plays were not written to be performed simultaneously, although Ayckbourn did achieve that some twenty-five years later in "House & Garden".
The plays were first performed in Scarborough, before a season in London, with a cast that included Tom Courtenay as Norman, Penelope Keith as Sarah, Felicity Kendal as Annie, Michael Gambon as Tom, Bridget Turner as Ruth, and Mark Kingston as Reg.
The first major London revival of "The Norman Conquests" was presented at The Old Vic Theatre in 2008 with Matthew Warchus directing a cast including Stephen Mangan as Norman, Jessica Hynes as Annie, Ben Miles as Tom, Amanda Root as Sarah, Paul Ritter as Reg and Amelia Bullmore as Ruth. The Old Vic auditorium was transformed to a theatre in the round, known as the CQS Space, especially for this production.
The plays originally premiered on Broadway in 1975 for 69 performances at the Morosco Theatre, directed by Eric Thompson and featuring Richard Benjamin, Ken Howard, Barry Nelson, Estelle Parsons, Paula Prentiss, and Carole Shelley.
The 2008 Old Vic production opened on Broadway with the London cast at the Circle in the Square Theatre on 7 April 2009, official opening 23 April, and scheduled closing on 25 July 2009.
In 1977 the plays were adapted for television by Thames Television. Penelope Keith reprised her role as Sarah. The rest of the cast featured Tom Conti as Norman, Penelope Wilton (who had played Ruth in the original 1974 London stage production) as Annie, Richard Briers as Reg, David Troughton as Tom and Fiona Walker as Ruth. The three films were directed by Herbert Wise and produced by Verity Lambert and David Susskind. Keith won the BAFTA Television Award for Best Actress for her performance.

</doc>
<doc id="2925295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925295" title="Kylie Leuluai">
Kylie Leuluai

Kylie Leuluai (born 29 March 1978 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a professional rugby league footballer currently contracted to the Leeds Rhinos of Super League. A New Zealand and Samoa international representative prop forward, he previously played club football in Australia for National Rugby League clubs Wests Tigers, Sydney Roosters, Parramatta Eels and Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles.
Playing career.
Leuluai has played for the Parramatta Eels, Sydney Roosters, Wests Tigers and Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles. In 2007 he joined the Leeds Rhinos. His Leeds Rhinos debut was on 11 February 2007 against Salford since which he led them to five Super League titles and two World Club Challenges. In 2013 he announced his retirement and later put if off for a year since he sign to play for Hunslet Hawks.
He played in 2008's Super League XIII Grand Final victory over St. Helens.
In June 2011 Leuluai announced he will retire at the end of the 2012 season, signing a new one year contract with Leeds Rhinos in the process. Later that year he played at prop forward for Leeds in the 2011 Challenge Cup final which was lost to Wigan.
Representative career.
Leuluai played for New Zealand Māori in 1998 and at the 2000 World Cup.
Leuluai was named in the Samoa training squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup.
In 2009 he was named as part of the Samoan side for the Pacific Cup. He was named Samoan player of the year for 2009.
Rugby League International Origin Match.
Kylie Leuluai was selected for the Exiles squad for the Rugby League International Origin Match against England at Headingley on 10 
June 2011.
Personal life.
James Leuluai is his uncle and his cousins are Thomas Leuluai and Macgraff Leuluai. 
Kylie belongs to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and is renowned for being able to bench press 225 kg – the heaviest weight lifted by an NRL player.

</doc>
<doc id="2925296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925296" title="Cizur">
Cizur

Cizur is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.
The municipality is composed of 8 councils : Astráin, Cizur Minor, Gazólaz, Larraya, Muru-Astráin, Paternáin, Undiano and Zariquiegui and 3 populated places: Eriete, Guenduláin and Sagüés.

</doc>
<doc id="2925297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925297" title="Soldier (Destiny's Child song)">
Soldier (Destiny's Child song)

"Soldier" is a song by American recording group Destiny's Child. It features American rappers T.I. and Lil Wayne and was written by band members Beyoncé Knowles, Kelly Rowland, and Michelle Williams along with Sean Garrett, producer Rich Harrison and guest vocalists T.I., and Lil Wayne for group's fourth studio album, "Destiny Fulfilled" (2004).
The song was released as the album's second single in fall 2004. A commercial success, it peaked within the top five in Australia, Denmark, Finland, Ireland, Italy, New Zealand, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States. The song also was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Rap/Sung Collaboration category and won the group a Soul Train Lady of Soul Award for Best R&B/Soul Single by a Group, Band or Duo. The song was sampled for "Grillz" by Nelly, Paul Wall, and Ali & Gipp, and was also sampled for the song "Body Marked Up" by Willy Northpole.
Music video.
A pregnant Solange Knowles, Beyoncé's sister, Lloyd, Bow Wow, Ginuwine, Ice Cube and WC made cameo appearances in the music video, which was filmed by Norwegian director Ray Kay and was nominated at the 2005 MTV Video Music Awards under the category of "Best Group Video".
The music video is featured on the DualDisc edition of the albums "#1's" and "Destiny Fulfilled" and on the Bonus DVD of the "Destiny Fulfilled Tour edition".
Charts and certifications.
Certifications.
!scope="col" colspan="3"| Ringtone

</doc>
<doc id="2925301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925301" title="Vanderlip">
Vanderlip

Vanderlip is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="2925302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925302" title="Kök-Yangak">
Kök-Yangak

Kok-Yangak (also Kok-Dzhangak, , meaning in Kyrgyz and Uzbek "green walnut") is a town of about 10,000 in the Suzak District of the Jalal-Abad Oblast of western Kyrgyzstan, located at a distance of about 29 km of the regional centre city Jalal-Abad.
History.
Kok-Yangak originated as a coal-mining settlement in 1910. The upper strata of coal of Kok-Yangak coal deposit have been mined on a small-scale until the October Revolution. During the Civil War in Russia the mine was destroyed by basmachi and extraction was suspended. During the First Five-Year Plan new drift mines were developed and access railroad from Jalal-Abad built in 1931. This resulted in rapid increase of the coal production. In 1943 Kok-Yangak became a town.
Population.
The population of Kok-Yangak was 10,341 in 2004 including 8,400 - Kyrgyz, 640 - Uzbek, 540 - Russian, 210 - Tatar, 140 - Kazakh, and 411 - other nationalities.

</doc>
<doc id="2925306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925306" title="Cortes, Navarre">
Cortes, Navarre

Cortes is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925310" title="Hurt (Nine Inch Nails song)">
Hurt (Nine Inch Nails song)

"Hurt" is a song written by Trent Reznor, first released on Nine Inch Nails' 1994 album "The Downward Spiral". It received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Rock Song in 1996 but lost to Alanis Morissette's "You Oughta Know". In 2002, "Hurt" was covered by Johnny Cash to critical acclaim; it was one of Cash's final hit releases before his death.
Song.
Originally recorded by Nine Inch Nails, the song "Hurt" has been adapted and covered by several artists, including Johnny Cash and Leona Lewis. The song clearly includes references to self-harm and heroin addiction, although the overall meaning of the song is disputed. Some listeners contend that the song acts as a suicide note written by the album's protagonist, as a result of his depression, while others claim that it describes the difficult process of finding a reason to live in spite of depression and pain.
Nine Inch Nails original.
A promotional single was distributed in April 1995, containing censored and uncensored mixes. The disc, Interscope Records PRCD 6179, is labeled 'Halo Ten', like the earlier 'Piggy' promotional disc. Neither is considered an official Halo, "Further Down the Spiral" being the official Halo Ten.
Music video.
The music video for "Hurt" is a live performance that appears on "Closure" and the DualDisc re-release of "The Downward Spiral". The audio portion appears on the UK version of "Further Down the Spiral".
The version released on "Closure" differs slightly from the video originally aired on MTV. In addition to using an uncensored audio track, the "Closure" edit shows alternate views of the audience and performance at several points during the video.
To film the video, a scrim was dropped in front of the band on stage, onto which various images, such as war atrocities, a nuclear bomb test, survivors of the Battle of Stalingrad, a snake staring at the camera, and a time-lapse film of a fox decomposing in reverse, were projected, adding visual symbolism to fit the song's subject matter. A spotlight was cast on Reznor so that he can be seen through the images. Compared to the live renditions performed on future tours, this version most resembles the studio recording with its use of the song's original samples.
There are also official live recordings on the later releases "And All that Could Have Been" and "Beside You in Time". Each version features distinct instrumentation by the varying members of the band in the respective eras.
Live performance.
During the "Dissonance" tour in 1995, when Nine Inch Nails opened for David Bowie, Bowie sang "Hurt" in a duet with Reznor, backed by an original melody and beat. This served as the conclusion to the dual act that began each Bowie set.
During the "Fragility" tours, the progression was performed by Robin Finck on acoustic guitar rather than on piano.
Since the 2005–06 "Live: With Teeth" tour, Nine Inch Nails has been playing "Hurt" in a more toned-down style, featuring only Reznor on keyboard and vocals until the final chorus, when the rest of the band joins in.
The song was brought back to its original form during the "Lights In The Sky" tour in 2008, before returning to the toned down style on the 2009 "Wave Goodbye" Tour.
Johnny Cash version.
In 2002, Johnny Cash covered the song for his album, "". The line "crown of shit" was changed to "crown of thorns", not only removing profanity from the lyrics, but also more directly referencing Christ and Cash's devout Christianity. Its accompanying video, featuring images from Cash's life and directed by Mark Romanek, was named the best video of the year by the Grammy Awards and CMA Awards, and the best video of all time by "NME" in July 2011. The cover was released on a single with the B-side 'Personal Jesus', a cover of the Depeche Mode single.
Background.
When Trent Reznor was asked if Cash could cover his song, Reznor said he was "flattered" but worried that "the idea sounded a bit gimmicky." He became a fan of Cash's version, however, once he saw the music video.
Music video.
The music video was directed by former NIN collaborator Mark Romanek who sought to capture the essence of Cash, both in his youth and in his older years. In a montage of shots of Cash's early years, twisted imagery of fruit and flowers in various states of decay, seem to capture both his legendary past and the stark and seemingly cruel reality of the present. According to literature professor Leigh H. Edwards, the music video portrays "Cash's own paradoxical themes".
Romanek had this to say about his decision to focus on the House of Cash museum in Nashville.
71 years of age at the time of filming (in February 2003), Cash had serious health problems and his frailty is clearly evident in the video. He died seven months later (September 12); his wife, June Carter Cash, who participated in the video, died three months after filming (May 15), closely preceding him in death.
In July 2011, the music video was named one of "The 30 All-TIME Best Music Videos" by "Time". It was ranked the greatest music video of all time by NME.
The house where Cash's music video for 'Hurt' was shot, which was Cash's home for nearly 30 years, was destroyed in a fire on April 10, 2007.
In popular culture.
The version was used in the movie "Colombiana" as well as in several TV series, including "Criminal Minds" ("Elephant's Memory"), "Smallville" ("Shattered"), "Person of Interest" ("The Devil's Share"), and "Parashat Ha-Shavua" ("BeShalach"). It has also been used in documentaries, such as "Why We Fight".
The song was also used in the trailer for the 2012 video game Prototype 2.
The song appears in "The Hangover Part III", albeit in two forms. The Cash version is performed by the character Leslie Chow in a karaoke bar, while the original Reznor version appears in the final scene of the movie where upon Alan and Chow say their goodbyes.
The song was sampled in the "Westside Connection" song The Gangsta, The Killa And The Dope Dealer.
The song was used in a video tribute to Eddie Guerrero on the November 14th, 2005 episode of WWE Monday Night Raw. Eddie had died of heart failure the day before. 
Texas Rapper, Yung God, also made a version of this song in 2013 where he mentions Cash and pays tribute to him.
Leona Lewis version.
British singer Leona Lewis covered the song and included it on her first EP, "". The song was met with mixed reviews. Lewis told Radio 1's Newsbeat, "People write music and the music is out there for people to interpret it how they want to. As long as it's coming from a genuine place. I actually am a big fan of that song and a big fan of the Johnny Cash cover. But that song in particular really speaks to me. Lyrically it's a song that is very intense and has painful lyrics."
Background and development.
Shortly after her The Labyrinth arena tour ended in July 2010, Lewis began to work on her third studio album. It was reported that Simon Cowell had set a deadline for Lewis to complete the album for a Summer 2011 release. After originally having been given a release date of November 28, 2011, "Glassheart" was pushed back to March 2012. Lewis' reason for delaying the release of the album was that after she met producer Fraser T Smith, she wanted to collaborate with him on new material for possible inclusion on "Glassheart". Lewis delayed the release of the album a third time, with "Glassheart" set for release on November 26, 2012. As a result of her fans having to wait until November 2012, a year after the album was originally set to be released, Lewis decided to release an extended play entitled "Hurt: The EP", as something to "bridge the gap" while she recorded new material. "Hurt: The EP" consists of three covers: "Hurt" by Nine Inch Nails, "Iris" by the Goo Goo Dolls and "Colorblind" by Counting Crows. The EP was produced by Smith. In an interview for , Lewis explained why she chose to record the songs, saying that she thought female interpretations of them would provide a "powerful perspective", because of the how the originals were sung by male vocalists.
Composition and critical reception.
"Hurt" garnered a mixed response from music critics. Lewis Corner for Digital Spy was complimentary of Lewis' rock interpretation of the song, which contains lyrics about heroin addiction, as it displays the singer's "emotive tones" on which she sings in "spine-chilling" falsetto notes. He continued to write that "Hurt" has a "compelling beauty" and "haunting quality". Rhetta Akamatsu for "The Times of India" wrote that Lewis' rendition was "powerful" and "spectacular". Akamatsu described "Hurt" as a song which features "chills and thrills as the rawness of the lyrics meets the purity of Lewis's voice." She also noted that Lewis' version is not based on the arrangement of the original by Nine Inch Nails, but rather that of Johnny Cash's cover, which was included on his 2002 album "". Akamatsu concluded her review of the songs with "All three performances feature intense, literate lyrics and are well-suited to Lewis's style."
Priya Elan for "NME" was critical of Lewis' execution of the song "Hurt", writing that she sounds as though the singer took "too much Night Nurse the evening before." Elan noted that the composition of "Hurt" was similar to that of Lewis' cover of "Run", writing "there's an awful lot of layered build up to the chorus before a full band and orchestra come in during the second verse." However, Elan concluded her review saying that although she appears not to know the legacy of the song, Lewis sounds "pretty". Katherine St. Asaph for PopDust described Lewis' interpretation of "Hurt" as being formulaic like a "template", writing that it is something that "American Idol" and "The X Factor" winners and contestants seem do when covering a song. St. Asaph continued to explain her opinions with regard to Lewis and "Hurt", writing "For Leona, that's big notes in bigger arrangements, with a couple hushed sections for contrast." She was also skeptical of Lewis' emotive abilities, writing "Either she knows that quiet-to-loud arrangements and whispered vocals can simulate gravitas pretty well regardless of whether you’re thinking of pain or grocery lists, or she’s genuinely feeling something that comes out in her voice."
Due to the mixed response "Hurt" received from fans and critics alike, Lewis defended her decision to record the song in an interview with BBC Radio 1, saying "People write music and the music is out there for people to interpret it how they want to ... As long as it's coming from a genuine place. I actually am a big fan of that song and a big fan of the Johnny Cash cover. But that song in particular really speaks to me. Lyrically it's a song that is very intense and has painful lyrics. It's reflective of a place where I was at. When I recorded it, it was healing to get it out."
Promotion.
As part of promotion for "Hurt: The EP", Lewis performed "Hurt" on the eighth series finale of "The X Factor" on December 10, 2011. The performance saw Lewis sing at Wembley Arena wearing a red full length dress. Katherine St. Asaph for Popdust was critical of Lewis' interpretation of "Hurt" on "The X Factor", writing "It's written right into the "X Factor" contract that in order to consent to being televised, you must permanently forfeit all ability to feel pain or any other emotion, making it somewhat difficult to interpret a song." The following week, Lewis performed "Hurt" at the 2011 "Royal Variety Performance". Lewis held a competition for people to submit dress designs for her performance, with the singer wearing a black and beige coloured gown designed by winner Lilyana Maslenishka. Lewis also performed "Somebody to Love" with Cee Lo Green, a tribute to British rock band Queen. The show was recorded on December 5, 2011 in Manchester, and aired on December 13. Lewis performed an acoustic version of "Hurt" during a live webcam chat with her fans via Ustream, which was uploaded to her official YouTube account on December 16, 2011. In the United States, Lewis performed "Run" on the first season finale of "The X Factor (U.S.)" on December 22, 2011, whilst a montage of highlights of the season were screened behind her. Season one judge Nicole Scherzinger was complimentary of Lewis' performance, saying "Leona blessed us with her beautiful voice."
Personnel.
Credits adapted from the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers (ASCAP) and Broadcast Music (BMI).
Charts.
"Hurt" debuted at number 15 in Ireland on December 15, 2011. The following week, it dropped to number 45. "Hurt: The EP" debuted and peaked at number eight on the UK Singles Chart on December 24, 2011. The EP attained at number seven position on the UK Digital Chart. In Scotland, the EP debuted and peaked at number seven on December 24, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="2925311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925311" title="Cárcar">
Cárcar

Cárcar is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925315" title="No, No, No (Destiny's Child song)">
No, No, No (Destiny's Child song)

"No, No, No" is an R&B song performed by American group Destiny's Child for their debut studio album "Destiny's Child" (1998) and the track was produced by Vincent Herbert, Rob Fusari and Wyclef Jean and received a positive reception from music critics. The original version (Part 1) and its remix featuring Wyclef Jean (Part 2) was released as the group's debut single in the fourth quarter of 1997 and reached No. 3 in the United States, where it was certified platinum. It was the first single for the group, worldwide. The remix is based around a sample of The Love Unlimited Orchestra's "Strange Games and Things."
Music video.
In the video for "Part 2", directed by Darren Grant, Wyclef Jean plays his guitar as Destiny's Child sings along. When he stops, he says to the group, "All we need to do is drop a phat beat for the clubs and show that Valeria Rojas can dance." The group begins a choreographed dance in a large gold room. Wyclef Jean also makes an appearance in a room next to the room where the group is.
In 1998, a new video, also directed by Darren Grant, was created to promote "Part 1". In the clip, the group performs a choreographed dance at a nightclub.
The Part 2 music video is featured on the video compilation "The Platinum's on the Wall" and the DualDisc edition of the album "#1's". The Part 1 music video is also featured on the video compilation "The Platinum's on the Wall" and as an enhanced video on the Australian edition of "The Writing's on the Wall".
Marques Houston is featured in the video as one of the main guys that Destiny`s Child focus on.
Commercial and chart success.
The single entered the UK Singles Chart at number five on 28 March 1998, and spent eight weeks in the Top 75. In Europe, the single experienced modest success, entering the top 40 and top 20 of several national charts. The singe performed better in Norway and the Netherlands, where it hit the top ten, while it enjoyed the least success in France, where it barely made an appearance in the top 100.
In the United States, the single enjoyed even greater commercial popularity. The success of the song on radio stations and its healthy sales propelled it into the top ten of the Billboard Hot 100. Eventually, the song would peak within the top three of that chart, becoming their first single to do so.
Interestingly, the commercial success of the song failed to translate into high album sales for the group. Specifically, Destiny Child's debut album struggled to chart strongly on any chart and was barely certified in the United States, mainly thanks to the subsequent momentum of their sophomore studio effort.
By the end of its chart run, "No, No, No" had sold over 146,000 copies in the UK and over a million copies worldwide.
In 1998, the song won two Soul Train Lady of Soul Awards for "Best R&B/Soul Single by a Group, Band or Duo" and "Best R&B/Soul or Rap New Artist".
Track listings.
US Single.
"Side A"
"Side B"
UK Single.
"Side A"
"Side B"
"Side A"
"Side B"
"Side A"
"Side B"

</doc>
<doc id="2925317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925317" title="Colin Meloy Sings Morrissey">
Colin Meloy Sings Morrissey

Colin Meloy Sings Morrissey was the first solo project released by Portland musician Colin Meloy of The Decemberists. The album was released in January, 2005 and was available exclusively on Meloy's first solo tour. Copies of it were later made available to raise money to benefit The Decemberists after their trailer with all their instruments was stolen in 2005.
The album is his first in a series of EPs where he covers the songs of his influences. This particular EP contains six cover versions of songs by Morrissey.
Track listing.
Tracks written by Morrissey and Stephen Street except as noted.

</doc>
<doc id="2925318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925318" title="Riverboat casino">
Riverboat casino

A riverboat casino is a type of casino found in several areas of the United States which use a riverboat as a casino. Several states authorized this type of casino to limit the areas where casinos could be constructed under a type of legal fiction.
History.
When first approved, these casinos were required to actually be located on ships that could sail away from the dock. In some areas, gambling was only allowed when the ship was sailing. Over time, these regulations allowed gambling when the ship was docked.
In some states, such as Indiana, the boats are no longer required to leave dock or even have a captain and crew on board while the casino is open.
Further changes allowed these casinos to be located in a moat or an area with water adjacent to a navigable waterway, leading them to be referred to as "boats in moats." Over time, these casinos were allowed to be built on stilts but still had to be over water.
Following Hurricane Katrina in 2005 several states are now allowing these casinos to be built on land within certain limits from a navigable waterway. Most of Mississippi's Gulf Coast riverboat casinos were destroyed or suffered severe damage from the storm, although most have been rebuilt.

</doc>
<doc id="2925320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925320" title="Cáseda">
Cáseda

Cáseda is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925323" title="Desojo">
Desojo

Desojo is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925324" title="Dicastillo">
Dicastillo

Dicastillo ("Deikaztelu" in Basque language) is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.
Dicastillo is a village in Navarra. It is near Estella. There are 691 people in Dicastillo. They work in the farm, in stone factory, in shops and winery. Other people work out of Dicastillo in other villages, such as Allo, Arróniz, etc.
The shops in Dicastillo are small, for a small group of people. There are 6 shops. There is a market on Monday to buy clothes, meat and sweets. We go to Estella or Pamplona to buy other thinks we can’t find in the village such as computers, furniture...
The Dicastillo festivals are in August. The best thing of the festivals is the music.
We celebrate other festivals such as: San Blas, on 3 of February, the Asparagu’s day is in spring, blood donor’s day in winter.
The best time to visit Dicastillo is summer because it is sunny.
In Dicastillo there are pubs, pelota court, cafe, a school,bus station, a swimming pool, park, a doctor, a church, a chemist, palace and the retired people club. The important buildings in Dicastillo are the hermitage and the church from the 16th century. We also have a palace from the 19th century. The palace today is a restaurant and a winery.
People in Dicastillo like music. There is an important music band called Banda Bizkarra. It is formed by 30 musicians and it is 53 years old.
Near Dicastillo there are other villages such as Arellano. There is also a town near Dicastillo called Estella. In Estella there are bus station, two supermarket and hospital.
Dicastillo has got a beautiful scenery, a famous mountain, Montejurra, and the Ega river where people can fish. There are lots of fields of wheat and maize gardens.

</doc>
<doc id="2925326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925326" title="Emotion (Samantha Sang song)">
Emotion (Samantha Sang song)

"Emotion" is a song written by Barry and Robin Gibb and recorded by Australian singer Samantha Sang for the Private Stock label. The song was Sang's only hit single, reaching number three on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1978. There is a promotional video made for this song. The Bee Gees recorded their own version of the song and it was released on their 2001 collection titled "". They originally recorded the track in 1994 as part of an album called "Love Songs" which was never released.
Background.
Originally, when Sang arrived in Miami, instead of recording "Don't Throw it All Away", Barry offered her a new song "Emotion". On this track, Sang sticks to a breathy like Barry's sound. Barry himself provided harmony and background vocals. Barry also use his falsetto on this track. The B-side was "When Love Is Gone" instead of another Barry Gibb song, which was the new Frances Lai composition. It was recorded around April 1977 in Criteria Studios in Miami, Florida around the same time as Barry contributed writing and producing "Save Me, Save Me" for the band Network. Blue Weaver identified the musicians as shown from memory. On the session, Joey Murcia plays guitar, George Bitzer on keyboards, Harold Cowart on bass and Ron "Tubby" Zeigler on drums. It was originally intended for use in the 1977 film "Saturday Night Fever", but ended up being featured in the film "The Stud" (1978) starring Joan Collins. Also in 1978, "Emotion" was used as the B-side of Johnny Mathis and Deniece Williams' single "Too Much, Too Little, Too Late", which reached number one in the U.S. 
Destiny's Child version.
In 2001, "Emotion" was recorded by American R&B group Destiny's Child for their third studio album "Survivor" (2001). Produced and arranged by Mark J. Feist, it features a slower tempo than the Samantha Sang original, although a more uptempo Neptunes-produced remix of the song was also produced and included in the band's remix album "This Is The Remix" (2002). Mark J. Feist had previously produced the song for Regine Velasquez in 1998 and used exactly the same backing track for Destiny's Child.
Issued as that album's fourth single, the song continued the group's streak of top-ten hits in the United States, peaking at number ten on the "Billboard" Hot 100 on 20 November 2001. It was also a hit in the United Kingdom, where it peaked at number three on the UK Singles Chart and sold over 145,000 copies, and reached the top ten in several major music markets, including New Zealand, Ireland, and the Netherlands. 
The single was accompanied by a Francis Lawrence-directed music video featuring a triple split screen effect. The song was heavily on radio station playlists during the aftermath of the September 11, 2001 attacks, and eventually became a tribute song to the family of the victims.
Music video.
The music video featured a triple split-screen effect. Rowland on the left, Knowles in the center, and Williams on the right. Rowland is seen saying goodbye to her boyfriend before he leaves in a taxi. Knowles catches her boyfriend with another woman and runs around the house in tears. Williams is with her grandmother, who has died in her bed. At the end of the video Williams calls the other band members to her home. The three girls meet there and comfort each other. The screen returns to normal.
The music clip is featured as an enhanced video on the European editions of the CD single and on the 2004 Wal-Mart exclusive DVD titled "Fan Pack".
Formats and tracklistings.
These are the formats and track listings of major single-releases of "Emotion."

</doc>
<doc id="2925328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925328" title="Donamaria">
Donamaria

Donamaria is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925333" title="Echarri">
Echarri

Echarri is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925335" title="Egüés">
Egüés

Egüés or Egüés Valley (Spanish, Valle de Egüés) is a municipality of Navarre, Spain, in the metropolitan area of Pamplona. Its population is 17,450.
The valley comprises several settlements, some of them are actually suburbs of Pamplona and other completely rural villages. Somo of them are seat of "concejo", a submunicipal administrative division that exists in several regions of Spain (Alzuza, Ardanaz, Azpa, Badostáin, Egüés, Elcano, Elía, Ibiricu, Olaz and Sagaseta), but other are just settlements without any administrative entity (Echálaz, Egulbati, Eransus, Gorráiz, Ustárroz and Sarriguren).
Gorraiz, Olaz, Alzuza, Egüés and partly also Badostain have grown as residential suburbs of single-family houses. Sarriguren is being developing as a residential suburb of apartment housing. There are also several industrial parks. Sarriguren is leading in Navarre the increasingly important sector of renewable energy technologies; it is seat of the National Center for Renewable Energies (CENER) and of Acciona Energía. The Museo Oteiza is in Alzuza.
, the direct descendent of Miguel Indurain's Banesto team, is based in Egüés.

</doc>
<doc id="2925336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925336" title="Parks and open spaces in the City of Westminster">
Parks and open spaces in the City of Westminster

The City of Westminster, a central London borough, has 116 parks and open spaces; these include small gardens as well as larger areas of land. The open spaces are managed by Westminster City Council and private resident and business associations. Westminster is also home to four of the Royal Parks (Hyde Park,Green Park, St. James's Park and Kensington Gardens). The Royal Parks are managed by Royal Parks. 
Westminster has a selection of typical London squares and formal gardens. Among the sites are:
The only Local Nature Reserve in the borough is St. John's Wood Church Grounds. In addition to parks and open spaces within the borough, the City owns and maintains East Finchley Cemetery in the London Borough of Barnet.
External links.
City of Westminster Parks and Recreation

</doc>
<doc id="2925341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925341" title="El Busto">
El Busto

El Busto is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925342" title="Karmichael Hunt">
Karmichael Hunt

Karmichael Neil Matthew Hunt (born 17 November 1986 in Auckland, New Zealand) is an Australian professional football player, currently playing Australian rules football for the Gold Coast Suns in the Australian Football League (AFL).
He was formerly best known as a rugby league player for the Brisbane Broncos of the National Rugby League (NRL). He primarily played in the fullback position, but has also played on the wing and at five-eighth and halfback. Hunt played in the NRL for Brisbane from 2004 to 2009, and was part of the Broncos' competition-winning team in 2006. He has represented the Queensland Maroons in the State of Origin series and the Australian Kangaroos at international level.
Hunt made his NRL debut in 2004 and played every game that season, winning the Dally M Rookie of the Year award. In a controversial move, Hunt chose to play for Australia instead of his native New Zealand, citing a lifelong dream of playing for Queensland in State of Origin. Hunt's performance in the 2006 NRL season resulted in his selection for Queensland and Australia between 2006–2009. 
In June 2009, Hunt expressed a desire to leave the NRL competition and it was speculated he would play rugby overseas. However he announced in July 2009 that he had signed a lucrative three-year playing and promotional contract with Australian Football League expansion team, Gold Coast whose inaugural season would be 2011. The move which generated a media circus in Australia would involve an ambitious code switch to Australian rules football, transitioning through the AFL's feeder competition. The switch was regarded by many from both football codes as an AFL publicity stunt. In 2010, while contracted to the Gold Coast, he played a season with Biarritz Olympique in the Top 14 French rugby union competition. However Hunt's code switch proved a successful gamble, transitioning relatively quickly and by the end of his first AFL season he was named in the "Courier Mail" 2011 Queensland Australian rules football Team of the Year and went on in the 2012 AFL season to establish himself as one of the Gold Coast's top midfielders.
Hunt is first sportsperson in Australia to have reached elite professional level at three different football codes, a feat which prompted fitness coach Dean Benton to regard him as the greatest all-round footballer Australia has produced.
Early life.
Hunt was born on 17 November 1986 in Auckland, New Zealand, to Hans and Tera Hunt, from Samoa and the Cook Islands respectively. He began playing rugby league at the age of four for the Avondale Wolves before moving to Australia as an eleven-year-old in 1997, the family moved to the suburb of Algester in Brisbane, Australia. Upon moving to Brisbane, Hunt played junior rugby league for the Souths club in Acacia Ridge. Hunt's childhood hero was Michael Jordan and, prior to his rugby league success, he dreamt of playing basketball in the United States.
In 2000, Hunt made his representative debut with the Under-14 South–East team of the Queensland Rugby League (QRL), in the fullback position. In 2001, he became part of the Under-15 Australian merit side, and, upon seeing him play rugby league, NRL club Brisbane Broncos scout Cyril Connell offered him a scholarship with the club. Hunt accepted the Broncos scholarship and, after strong performance at Souths Acacia Ridge and Sunnybank High School, received a scholarship to the Anglican Church Grammar School (Churchie).
At Churchie, Hunt switched to rugby union and was a dominant figure in the school's team, which played in the Queensland Great Public Schools (GPS) competition. As a fullback, he led his team to an undefeated season in 2003, and he was one of the best players in the GPS competition. While playing rugby union at ACGS, Hunt also played for the Queensland Schoolboys rugby league team against New South Wales, in the position of lock. Along with Anton LaVin, he won the Bob Templeton Trophy for Queensland's leading schoolboy player. During the rugby off-season in 2003, Hunt played six matches of Australian rules football code for the ACGS school side under captain Scott Harding. During which time he was identified by Australian Football League talent manager Mark Browning as an "AFL prospect".
In 2003, Hunt was selected for the Australian Schoolboys rugby league representative team to tour New Zealand, playing three matches under coach Rod Patison. Hunt scored a try in each game and was named best back of the series. Australian Schoolboys' coaching staff predicted that Hunt was the most likely Australian schoolboy to make a debut in the NRL.
In 2004, St. George Illawarra Dragons coach Nathan Brown spoke about Hunt and a discussion he had with recruitment officer Craig Young a year earlier, when Hunt was still under contract with the Broncos. "He's a terrific player. Craig Young who scouts for us watched him play last year and said give him $80,000 (to lure him to Sydney). I said 'where would we play him?' And he (Young) said 'wing, fullback, centre, five eighth, lock – doesn't matter because he'll play first grade and play for Australia for the next 12 years'."
Rugby League career.
Brisbane Broncos (2004–2009).
Debut season.
Hunt's 2001 scholarship came to fruition when he joined the Brisbane Broncos' main squad at the end of the 2003 season. He participated in the team's off-season training in early 2004, under the guidance of Broncos' coach Wayne Bennett, and was selected to participate in the Broncos' pre-season trial games in February. Hunt had expected to play most of the 2004 season in the Queensland Cup, the second-tier rugby league competition in Queensland. However, after Darren Lockyer's shift to the five-eighth position and Hunt playing both trial games on the wing and scoring a try in the first game against the Melbourne Storm, he was selected to make his National Rugby League (NRL) debut for the Broncos in the first round of the 2004 season against the New Zealand Warriors, making him the youngest ever Bronco at seventeen. Coach Bennett's decision to name Hunt as the starting fullback was somewhat surprising, due to Hunt's original selection, the week before the match, on the interchange bench. He replaced Motu Tony in the fullback position.
Hunt drew criticism for his style of returning the football; upon receiving the ball, he would run straight at opposition players rather than attempting to evade them. As a result, he received several high tackles, causing the Broncos to ask the NRL to protect Hunt by punishing opposition players more severely. The referees' board supported this position, and stated that fullbacks such as Hunt needed to be protected due to greater risk of injury.
The performance of the 2004 NRL rookies, including Hunt, had been much anticipated. After a few games, his peers and the media singled Hunt out as the next superstar of the game. To minimise the impact of excessive media pressure on Hunt's performance, Bennett banned him from speaking to the media. Hunt scored four tries in the Round 17 clash with the South Sydney Rabbitohs, equalling the team record. His form earned him the Brisbane Broncos and Dally M Rookie of the Year awards.
2005.
At the end of 2004, Hunt signed a contract with the Broncos for an additional two years, with the intention of staying at the club for the rest of his career. On re-signing, Hunt stated, "I look around and see guys like Webbie and Locky who have been here for their entire careers, and it's something I would like to do. If I can, I want to be a one-club player too. Playing footy is not just about 80 minutes out on the field every week. For me it is a career and I want to be happy where I am, satisfied that my game is progressing and that I am learning all the time to be a better player."
Bennett advised Hunt to have fun and enjoy himself like any other teenager, so that it would not affect his second year in first-grade rugby league. However, Hunt's second season was not considered as successful as his first, despite his only missing one game, a situation that the media labelled "Karmichael's second-year syndrome". Hunt was retained in the fullback position despite his perceived lack of form, which included fewer tries and fewer kick returns than in his debut season.
Hunt scored a try in each of the first two games of the season. In Round 6, he was knocked unconscious by a high tackle from a St George Illawarra Dragons player, Shaun Timmins. The following week, still suffering from the effects of concussion, he missed his first NRL game since his debut. Hunt returned a week later and scored a try in each of the next three games. However, he only scored three more tries in the remaining sixteen weeks of the season. Hunt was a part of the junior Australian representative team at the end of the 2005 season, but was not considered for the game against Papua New Guinea for personal reasons.
2006.
Prior to the 2006 National Rugby League season, Wayne Bennett, backed by former Broncos halfback Allan Langer, groomed Hunt as a key play-maker, able to steer the play from the halfback position, with the intention of taking pressure off Darren Lockyer and then-halfback, Brett Seymour. In a trial match against the North Queensland Cowboys, Hunt played in the halfback position but he returned to fullback for the opening NRL game. Hunt scored two tries against the Canberra Raiders in Round 8 of the competition, following this performance with another two tries against Manly in Round 10.
Hunt sustained a foot injury in the Broncos Round 15 match and was sidelined for eight weeks. While out injured, early in the morning on 30 July 2006, Hunt was at the scene of a fight outside a Brisbane night club in Brisbane's CBD. The media, notably Channel 7 and Channel 10, alleged Hunt was the instigator of the incident, claiming he squirted water on a woman. The Broncos denied he had any involvement in the incident although a woman gave his name to police. Hunt also denied involvement, insisting he was merely a bystander.
When Hunt's contract ended at the end of 2006, concern mounted as to whether the Broncos would be able to retain him. The Broncos could only offer Hunt about $200,000 a season, while other teams were able to offer him $300,000. The South Sydney Rabbitohs reportedly offered Hunt up to $500,000 a season, but despite these offers, on 29 June, he signed with the Broncos for a further three years. Brisbane Broncos chief executive Bruno Cullen announced that contract negotiations were "straightforward" and there was never any doubt that Hunt wanted to stay at the Broncos.
During Hunt's injury, Bennett moved Broncos team mate Justin Hodges to fullback and Hodges was impressive in the position. When Hunt returned to the Broncos side in Round 25 against the Parramatta Eels, he was forced to play on the wing due to Hodges' good form. Hunt and Hodges continued to switch the fullback position for the remainder of the season. Hunt missed the first week of the finals due to a hamstring problem but was able to return a week later.
The Broncos went on to reach the 2006 NRL Grand Final against the Melbourne Storm, with Hunt playing on the wing and Hodges at fullback, and Brisbane winning 15–8. After that Hunt was selected to represent Australia in the 2006 Rugby League Tri-Nations tournament, playing at fullback in the Kangaroos victory over New Zealand in the final.
2007.
As NRL premiers, in the 2007 pre-season the Broncos travelled to England for the 2007 World Club Challenge. Hunt played at fullback in Brisbane's loss to St Helens.
Bennett pulled his first selection surprise of 2007, experimenting with Hunt at halfback for the opening game of the season. At the time Bennett maintained that this would be a long term switch, but due to the Broncos' poor form, Hunt returned to fullback for Round 3. Hunt was selected to play for the Australian national team at fullback in the 2007 ANZAC Test match against New Zealand, scoring a try in the Kangaroos' 30-6 victory. 
In Round 11, the Broncos had their biggest victory yet, winning 71–6 over Newcastle. In that game Hunt set up three tries and scored one himself. The Brisbane newspaper "The Sunday Mail" described Hunt as not performing consistently throughout the 2007 season for the Broncos. However, Hunt played an exceptionally good game in Round 15 against the Wests Tigers, scoring three tries, assisting in a try and gaining 281 metres in the Broncos' win.
's skill on the field and positive influence on other team members led to his emergence, early in 2007, as a future candidate for the Broncos captaincy. Broncos chief executive Bruno Cullen stated that such a move would have his and the Broncos management's full support. Current captain Lockyer also gave his support to Hunt being the next captain, saying that he has the respect of fellow players and the necessary leadership qualities.
After Round 18 of the competition, during a training session on 20 July 2007, Hunt injured his hamstring and was originally scheduled to miss six weeks. However, his recovery took longer than expected, and he was eventually ruled out for the rest of the season. Despite playing only thirteen games for the Broncos in 2007, he received the Broncos award for Best Back.
2008.
Over the 2008 pre-season Hunt recovered from his hamstring injury and played in his first match since being injured in a 23 February 2008 trial match against Canberra. After playing another trial in the position of five eighth, Hunt returned to first grade in Round 1 of the 2008 NRL competition playing fullback in the Broncos 48–12 win over Penrith. In
Round 2 Hunt shoulder charged Sydney Roosters five eighth Braith Anasta in the head and was subsequently placed on report. The NRL judiciary committee charged Hunt with a Grade-Three Careless High tackle and if pleading guilty would miss one week of premiership competition. Pleading not guilty to the charge, Hunt was cleared to play by the judiciary with no penalty being given but missed one week anyway due to a knee injury.
In July 2008, speculation began on what Hunt would do past the expiration of his contract at the end of the 2009 season. With some high-profile defections of star league players to cashed-up rugby union clubs from France, Hunt is expected to be the target of offers from overseas and within Australia. Australian rugby union club Queensland Reds stated their intentions to attempt to lure Hunt to the rugby union code, with the reasoning being his successful young career in rugby union. From within the NRL competition, Sydney based clubs Sydney Roosters and St. George Illawarra Dragons stated their intentions to make a bid for Hunt for his services in the 2010 season, claiming they could double Hunt's three-year deal from 2006, reported to be around $200,000. The Broncos however, were still expected to be a factor in his decision with the possibility of the captaincy a possible lure to remain with the Broncos.
In the final round of the 2008 NRL competition, Hunt became the youngest player in premiership's history to reach 100 first-grade games. He set up three tries and scored one himself in the man-of-the-match performance against the Newcastle Knights in the game which secured the Broncos place in the competition finals. This performance came a day after his coach Wayne Bennett stated that Hunt was the "bravest" player he had coached because of the strong runs he made when returning the ball from fullback.
On 15 September 2008, a 24 year old woman lodged a formal complaint about a sexual assault that allegedly occurred two days earlier. The people alleged to be at the centre of the incident were Hunt and Brisbane Broncos team mates Darius Boyd and Sam Thaiday. The players cooperated with police and the three were cleared of the allegations in November by police. Hunt later said he was ashamed and felt he let down his family, fans and the Broncos. However, in May 2009, the woman stated she had a few drinks with Hunt, went into a toilet cubicle, and "after a few kisses, things went drastically wrong" and that in a "blink of an eye" Boyd and Thaiday were also in the cubicle.
2009.
In March 2009 it was revealed the Broncos had withdrawn their contract extension offer to Hunt believed to be worth $1 million over three years. Hunt later revealed contract talks held with then Broncos CEO Bruno Cullen and Broncos coach Ivan Henjak in March 2009 were what turned him away from re-signing with the club.
On 11 June 2009, tests confirmed Hunt tested positive to the swine flu influenza, and despite this, played in a 12 June 2009 game against the Bulldogs, despite health advice stating people with the influenza should remain isolated. Hunt's final game for the Broncos was the loss to Melbourne in the 2009 Grand Final qualifier.
Representative rugby league career.
Allegiance and debut.
In his debut season in 2004, Hunt was approached to play at international level for New Zealand in the ANZAC Test match. Although he was born in New Zealand, he had played all of his rugby league in Queensland, Australia. He was therefore eligible to play for either New Zealand or Australia, and he could have also played for the Cook Islands or Samoa due to his parents' heritage. However, Hunt pledged his allegiance to Queensland, and therefore Australia, but was not selected for either country that season. Hunt became a possibility for the Australian squad for the 2004 Tri-Nations, but Bennett, who was the Australian coach, decided not to select him due to his inexperience. In 2006, media speculation suggested that Hunt intended to change his allegiance and play for the New Zealand team, but Hunt put the speculation to rest by confirming that he would play for Australia.
Though Hunt was considered for the 2004 State of Origin series among other fullbacks, he was ignored for the entire series in favour of Penrith Panthers fullback Rhys Wesser. Hunt's good form in 2006 paid off when he was selected to play for the Australian team against New Zealand on 5 May as a replacement for the injured Anthony Minichiello. This decision proved controversial, due to his being preferred over the in-form Matt Bowen. That game was Hunt's representative and international debut, and though he performed well, he only played for 50 minutes, making one error and 83 metres in kick returns. However, he was unable to complete the game due to concussion sustained by a blow from Frank Pritchard. He was taken unconscious from the field and played no further part in the match.
After his Test debut, Hunt was expected to be the Queensland fullback in the first match of the three game State of Origin series. However, Queensland selectors decided to stay with incumbent Origin fullback Matt Bowen. The selectors reconsidered after Queensland lost the first game, selecting Hunt for the second match. In his State of Origin debut, Hunt ran with the ball seventeen times, making 196 metres. He missed the third Origin game because of a foot injury, sustained in the Broncos' Round 15 match, and was replaced by Clinton Schifcofske.
2006 Tri-Nations to 2008.
Hunt was one of eight Broncos players selected for the Australian team for the end of year Tri-Nations series. With the absence of injured rival Anthony Minichiello, Hunt retained his fullback position for the first Tri-Nations match, scoring two tries in a man of the match performance. He played in the remainder of the Tri-Nations series, which Australia won, Hunt scoring a total of three tries. The Tri-Nations win ended a good year for Hunt, who made his debut for Australia and Queensland before being a part of the premiership-winning Broncos team.
Hunt retained his fullback position for Australia in the 2007 ANZAC Test. Hunt ran the ball 18 times, the most of any player, and scored one try in a man-of-the-match performance as Australia won 30–6. Hunt was named fullback for all three games of the 2007 State of Origin series, despite the club form of rival fullbacks Billy Slater and Matt Bowen. In the second game, Hunt played a full match despite aggravating his foot injury as Queensland won the match and the series. He also played in the third Origin game despite suffering a calf injury during training. Hunt was not considered for selection in the end of year Test for Australia against New Zealand due to a hamstring injury sustained earlier in the season.
A minor knee injury which only left Hunt out for two weeks was enough to deny him the opportunity to regain the fullback position for Australia in the Centenary Test against New Zealand in May 2008. Hunt's place in the Queensland team for the 2008 State of Origin series was assured by Queensland coach Mal Meninga but there was speculation that Hunt could play five-eighth in place of injured team-mate Darren Lockyer. While not the best five-eighth possibility for the Queensland representative team, his selection there would make way for the Australian fullback Billy Slater. Hunt, having never played a senior rugby league game at five-eighth, was controversially selected at the position for Queensland instead of the in-form Scott Prince.
In a losing Queensland team, Hunt played neither well nor badly, being outstanding in defence but subdued in attack. As a result, Hunt's position at five-eighth was in question for the second game, but coach Mal Meninga stated that Hunt would remain in the team. Hunt was named on the interchange bench for the second game, making way for Queensland custodian and captain Lockyer in the five-eighth role. However, Meninga made a late change before the game, starting Hunt at fullback and moving Slater to the interchange bench. Hunt played in the match, which Queensland won 30–0, for only 51 minutes, being put on the interchange bench for 29 minutes in the middle part of the game. He retained his starting position for game three, which Queensland won to take the series.
2008 Rugby League World Cup and beyond.
In August 2008, Hunt was named in the preliminary 46-man squad for Australia in the 2008 Rugby League World Cup. However he did not make the final 24-man squad because of 2008 grand final fullbacks Billy Slater and Brett Stewart who were selected ahead of Hunt. However Hunt was later called into the 24-man squad after Stewart was ruled out with injury. Hunt wasn't picked for the first match, with Slater picked ahead of him, however in the match, interchange player Kurt Gidley sustained an injury which subsequently led to Hunt being picked on the interchange bench for the second match. In the third regulation match, with a semi-final berth assured, coach Ricky Stuart choose to rest many of his regular players, including Slater, for the match. Hunt would play fullback for this match, and was moved back to the interchange bench for the semi-final and the final of the World Cup which Australia lost.
In April 2009, he was named in the preliminary 25 man squad to represent Queensland in the opening State of Origin match for 2009 and was subsequently picked on the interchange bench for the opening State of Origin match on 3 June. Hunt came on in the 25th minute of the game to replace the injured Justin Hodges and played in his centre position for the remainder of the match which Queensland won. The consequences of this game would be felt as part of the 2009 swine flu pandemic in Australia. Hunt's Queensland teammate Ben Hannant tested positive to the Swine influenza and the Brisbane Broncos subsequently put all of their Origin players in quarantine.
Change of sports.
On 29 July 2009, Hunt signed a deal to switch codes and play Australian rules football for the newly formed Gold Coast Football Club, which joined the AFL in the 2011 season. The deal, reputed to be worth over $3 million is subsidised by the AFL and includes a substantial component of AFL development and promotional responsibility. The move generated significant controversy in both the NRL and the AFL and received international media coverage.
On 17 October 2009, it was revealed he agreed to play for the French professional rugby union team Biarritz Olympique based in Biarritz, Aquitaine.
Hunt played in the Top 14 French club competition and the European Heineken Cup.
The six-month deal was arranged by his manager David Riolo after the previous deal fell through. He returned to Australia in May 2010 to begin his contract with the Gold Coast.
At the commencement of his AFL contract in 2010, he will become one of just three AFL players to earn over a million a year, the others being Jonathan Brown and Chris Judd. He is the first player to appear in the senior grade of both the NRL and the AFL (or their historical equivalents).
Before his AFL career had begun, Hunt featured in television commercials for Swisse vitamins introduced as Gold Coast AFL player.
The AFL's experiment was largely derided by AFL personalities throughout Hunt's early Australian rules career. Wayne Carey is quoted to have said that "I just think he's really going to struggle. I'm just not sure a rugby player - as good as he is - can do it." Tony Shaw was quoted in 2011 to have said "he just cannot play the game naturally and it won't work. Just say to him, 'Take your money, you've been fantastic for us', maybe see the year out, but I wouldn't be playing him very often any more." Paul Roos is quoted to have said that "a player of Karmichael Hunt's current ability would probably be worth only $100,000 in the AFL". Jason Akermanis is quoted to have said in reference to both Hunt and Israel Folau – who converted from rugby league to Australian rules football the year after Hunt – that "if they can't run and they can't handball - and we're only talking basics like kick, run, chase, handball and get body-to-body collisions - and can't get up to speed its going to be such a waste of time and money"
Rugby Union career.
Biarritz Olympique (2009–2010).
Despite never playing Rugby Union professionally Hunt made his Rugby Union debut for the French Barbarians in Brussels, Belgium on 14 November 2009. He would be selected at the outside center position in the Barbarians' 39-26 victory. Hunt made his debut for Biarritz on 21 November 2009 against Clermont. While competing in the Top 14 for Biarritz the team also competed in the 2009–10 Heineken Cup. After topping their group Biarritz would record victories over Welsh team Ospreys and Irish team Munster to reach the 2010 Heineken Cup Final. Hunt would score the only try in the final held at Stade de France in front of 78,962 fans. This would be his last game for Biarritz on 22 May 2010 in the teams 21-19 loss.
Australian rules football career.
Gold Coast Football Club (2010–present).
Victorian Football League (2010).
On 12 June 2010, Hunt played his first Australian rules football match for Victorian Football League team the Gold Coast in their heavy loss against the Coburg Tigers at the Highgate Recreation Reserve in Craigieburn, Victoria. Playing at full-forward Hunt had three shots at goal in the first quarter, two from free kicks. Hunt kicked two goals in quick succession after he was awarded a free kick for a late push from an opponent after his running goal in the goalsquare. After this he was quiet with few possessions and left the field with cramp in the third quarter.
In his second match against Frankston Football Club on 26 June 2010, Hunt was tried as a defender, playing fullback on a taller, heavier opponent. He drew some criticism for not getting any kicks and for an inability to read the play, however running a total around during the game on and off the bench Hunt managed just a handful of possessions and tackles in his side's convincing win.
Hunt's coaching staff have speculated him to make an experimental shift into the midfield (as centreman or ruck rover), however he was again selected at fullback for the match against the Box Hill Hawks. In the match Hunt had just three kicks, three handpasses and two marks before straining his groin in the final minutes and missed following games through injury.
In Cairns, Hunt had a breakthrough game against the Bendigo Bombers showing dramatic improvement. He followed the good form being named in the Gold Coast's best and clearly the best backman against the Sandringham Football Club, again playing in defence showing good run and carry skills with 15 disposals.
Australian Football League (2011–present).
Hunt's Australian Football League pre-season competition debut was at Blacktown Olympic Park on 19 February 2011 in front of a crowd of 10,000. Playing at fullback, he was named among the side's best in the three point win against the Sydney Swans while playing on dual Brownlow Medallist Adam Goodes. In each of his two first pre-season matches, the second against the Greater Western Sydney Football Club, his performance statistics were consistent at six possessions and a tackle.
His first official AFL game was in the Suns' debut match in round two of the 2011 season against Carlton. He kicked his first AFL goal on 28 May 2011 against Geelong at Metricon Stadium. In the same match, however, he earned a one-week suspension for head-high contact to Geelong's Nathan Vardy.
Hunt's promising first season was rewarded by being named on the half-back flank in the "Courier Mail" 2011 Queensland Team of the Year. He followed this up by winning Gold Coast's inaugural Most Improved Player Award at the club's best and fairest awards on 9 September 2011.
On 5 March 2012, Hunt re-signed with the Gold Coast until 2014, continuing his AFL ambassador role, expressing ambitions to become a midfielder. He was elevated to the Gold Coast's leadership group.
He began his second season solidly, named among the 3 best Gold Coast players in Round 3 at Metricon Stadium against Essendon with 9 second-quarter possessions, earning praise from coach McKenna as well as laying a solid shepherd on Essendon's Angus Monfries.
In round 4 Hunt silenced the critics with outstanding form against Brisbane. Again being named in Gold Coast's best excelling in the midfield with a career best 20 possession display. In the following match against North Melbourne, Hunt stepped up in the absence of Gary Ablett again in the side's best with 16 possessions, prompted North Melbourne coach Brad Scott to comment that "... anyone who has criticised Karmichael Hunt should also apologise and eat their words because on that performance he's a bona fide AFL midfielder." Hunt took to the next level with a third best in his side 22 possession display including an important goal against Fremantle in round 5. Going into round 6, Greater Western Sydney coach Kevin Sheedy commented that the in form Hunt, rather than star player Ablett was the key threat in the match and would assign defensive taggers to him. Despite another consistent 16 disposal game, Hunt struggled to break the tag and some media commentators suggested that he had been outperformed by fellow league to Aussie Rules convert Israel Folau.
At Cazaly's Stadium in Cairns in front of 10,961 against Richmond in round 16, Hunt broke the club's losing drought with an after siren goal in a two goal performance which again put him in the club's best. Following the conclusion of his second season Hunt was again named in the "Courier Mail" Queensland Team of the Year for 2012, this time being named at half forward flank.
Statistics.
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2010*
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2011
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2012
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2013
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2014
! colspan=3| Career
! 44
! 6
! 6
! 171
! 311
! 482
! 87
! 119
! 0.14
! 0.14
! 3.98
! 7.23
! 11.21
! 2.02
! 2.77

</doc>
<doc id="2925344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925344" title="Elgorriaga">
Elgorriaga

Elgorriaga is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925345" title="AIMA prophecy">
AIMA prophecy

The AIMA prophecy was a prophecy current during the reign of the Byzantine emperor, Manuel I Comnenus (r. 1143–1180) and at the same time an example of a medieval contrived acronym. 
It claimed to foretell that the initial letters of the names of the emperors of the Comnenus dynasty would spell "aima" (αιμα), the Greek word for blood. The emperors had been, in order, Alexius I (A, alpha), Ioannes II (I, iota), and Manuel I (M, mu) (whose succession was unexpected since he was the fourth son of Ioannes). Because of his belief that his successor's name would have to start with the letter alpha, Manuel had the name Alexius bestowed on his daughter Maria's first fiancé and on at least one and perhaps two of his own illegitimate sons, and finally on his legitimate son Alexius, child of his second marriage.
The reign of Alexius II lasted only three years, before he was deposed and killed by his cousin, Andronicus I Comnenus, with whom, apparently, the AIMA sequence began again. In accordance with this, Andronicus would be succeeded in turn by an emperor whose name began with the letter I (iota). Andronicus hence feared his throne would be usurped by another cousin, Isaac Comnenus of Cyprus. In the event, after an uprising Andronicus was killed in 1185 and succeeded by Isaac II Angelus, with whom the repeated sequence apparently stopped.

</doc>
<doc id="2925346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925346" title="Enériz">
Enériz

Enériz is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925352" title="Eratsun">
Eratsun

Eratsun is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925357" title="Ergoiena">
Ergoiena

Ergoiena is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925358" title="Pavilions (supermarket)">
Pavilions (supermarket)

Pavilions is a grocery store banner used by Vons, a supermarket division of Safeway Inc. in Southern California. Although similar to Vons stores, Pavilions markets are more upscale and feature a larger selection of organic food, wine, and other speciality foods.
Introduced by Vons in 1986, they were the showpiece of their new image.
The stores also tend to be larger and more expensive than the typical Vons store, because many of them contain full-service pharmacies as a standard feature.

</doc>
<doc id="2925368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925368" title="Spencer Breslin">
Spencer Breslin

Spencer Breslin (born May 18, 1992) is an American actor and musician. He is the older brother of actress Abigail Breslin and is best known for his roles in Disney's "The Kid", "The Santa Clause 2: The Mrs. Clause" and "", "You Wish!", "Zoom" and "The Cat in the Hat".
Early life.
Breslin was born in New York City, the son of Kim, a personal manager, and Michael Breslin, a telecommunications expert. Spencer has an older brother Ryan Breslin (born in 1985) and a younger sister, Abigail Breslin (born April 14, 1996) who is an actress.
Acting career.
Breslin was discovered in a New York City playground at the age of three, and proceeded to star in commercials for McDonald's and Life cereal. By age five, he was a series regular for the three episode-long first season of ABC's "Soul Man". He later moved on to guest star on several shows including "Law and Order" before appearing in the three-part miniseries, "Stephen King's Storm of the Century".
After a small role as Little Boy in "Meet the Parents", Breslin made his big leap into film, starring alongside Bruce Willis in "Disney's The Kid". For this role, Breslin won a Young Artist Award and was nominated for a Saturn Award. He later played Curtis the Elf in "The Santa Clause 2: The Mrs. Clause", marking the first of four films in which he co-starred alongside actor Tim Allen. After appearing in TV movies such as "You Wish!", "Ozzie", and "Mom's on Strike", Breslin returned to the big screen starring alongside Dakota Fanning and Mike Myers in the 2003 big-budgeted box office failure "The Cat in the Hat".
Breslin later played on-screen siblings with his real life younger sister Abigail Breslin in "Raising Helen", starring Kate Hudson. The two siblings would work together again in ', in which Spencer played a prince and Abigail made a cameo as a girl at an orphanage. Abigail would also appear in the 2006 ', in which Spencer reprised his role of Curtis the Elf, and Spencer would later appear alongside Abigail as Cousin Derek in the 2012 "Perfect Sisters".
In 2004, Spencer Breslin was a regular on the short-lived sitcom "Center of the Universe" starring John Goodman. After appearing in the "Wonderfalls" episode "Lovesick Ass", Breslin returned to feature films for "Zoom", "The Shaggy Dog", and M. Night Shymalan's 'The Happening'.
Breslin then went on to star as the titular character in 2007's "Harold", which failed to succeed in the box-office. More recently, Breslin has appeared in films such as the 2011 "Born to Race" and the 2012 "Stuck in Love".
He has also been involved in the world of animation by lending his voice to the television cartoon "Teamo Supremo", "Return to Neverland", and "". In 2004, Breslin also was asked to read alongside Alyson Stoner, Dylan and Cole Sprouse, and Hailey Anne Nelson when Dr. Seuss won his Star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Breslin has also begun to work in other aspects of filmmaking, serving as an executive producer on the animated "Really Bad Movie!", as well as writing and directing his own short film.
Music.
In the summer of 2007 he helped form alternative rock trio The Red Agenda with "Harold" co-star Evan Daves and musician Paul DeMasi. He finished recording his debut album "Labor Day" as of October 2009 and it was released August 2012. It was recorded by Ladybug Transistor's Gary Olson, and produced by James William Hindle. Breslin founded his own record label Acadian Recording Company and is currently working with the hard rock group Damus on their debut album.
Discography.
"Labor Day".
"Labor Day" is Breslin's debut album, released under his own label, Acadian Recording Co., in August 2012.
Written and composed by sixteen year old Breslin, "Labor Day" was recorded by Gary Olson - known for his engineering work for acts as diverse as Cold Cave, Jens Lekman, and The Essex Green – over three, weeklong sessions in Brooklyn from 2008 to 2009. The album was produced by James William Hindle, whose own music has been featured in "The O.C.", "One Tree Hill", and other shows. Musicians featured include, among others, Kevin Barker (Joanna Newsom, Vetiver, and Antony and the Johnsons), Isobel Knowles (Architecture in Helsinki), Kyle Forester (Crystal Stilts), and Eric Farber (Ladybug Transistor). The record also features a spoken word cameo by actor Jesse Eisenberg ("The Social Network", "The Squid and the Whale").

</doc>
<doc id="2925369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925369" title="Maria Bieşu">
Maria Bieşu

Maria Bieșu (August 3, 1935 – May 16, 2012) was a Moldovan opera singer. Debuting in 1961, she eventually went on to become the chief vocalist of the National Opera and Ballet Theatre of Moldova. Her artistic excellence brought her international recognition and invitations to sing in other countries, including Italy, where she performed at the Milan Opera from 1965 to 1967.
Biography.
Bieșu, was born in Volintiri, into a peasant family where everyone loved to sing. Within the walls of her native home the future singer acquired a natural style of singing with an easy breath which led specialists to later talk of Bieșu’s innate voice training. While studying in school, and then at the agricultural technical college, Maria began to perform at amateur concerts, but the singer did not think about a profession. However, pedagogues at the Chișinău Conservatory and the Minister of Culture himself, after hearing Maria sing at an amateur arts festival, sent her to study at the conservatory in 1955.
During her studies at the conservatory Maria Bieșu worked as a soloist in the country’s popular orchestra of Moldavian folk music – Fluieraş. But the opera stage attracted her. After finishing the conservatory in 1961, Bieșu joined the troupe of the Moldovan Theater of Opera and Ballet. Her debut in the part of Tosca immediately revealed her outstanding operatic talent. In a short period she prepared the roles of Tatyana in Eugene Onegin, Liza in Queen of Spades, and Cio-Cio-San in Madame Butterfly.
In 1965, the young singer was sent to the La Scala theatre in Milan, where the vocal teacher and conductor, and assistant to the great Toscanini - Enrico Piazza - became her tutor. During her two-year stay the parts of Cio-Cio-San, "Tosca", "Aida", and "Leonora in Il Trovatore" were prepared. Maria’s stay in Milan coincided with her participation in major international competitions. In 1966 she became a prize-winner at the Third International Tchaikovsky Competition, and in 1967 in Tokyo she won first prize and honorary ‘Gold Cup’ prize, and won the title ‘Best Cio-Cio-San in the World’ at the First International Competition in Memory of Miura Tamaki.
After Maria Bieșu’s success at the Tokyo competition, her name gained widespread recognition. She played the roles of "Cio-Cio-San", Aida, Leonora, Tosca, "Tatyana", and Liza on the stages of many theatres in Europe. In 1971 the Moldovan soprano was invited to New York’s Metropolitan Opera to play the part of Nedda in "Leoncavallo’s I pagliacci". After playing this part she was offered a year-long contract for performing at the Metropolitan Opera. The New York Times wrote about this show: “"Maria Bieșu is a charming and talented actress. She has a very beautiful and plastic voice. The singer carries herself surprisingly naturally on stage."” The press was unanimous in its appraisal of Maria Bieșu’s art.
Nature fully endowed Maria Bieșu with the qualities necessary for an opera performer: voice, musical talent and acting talent. This presented her singing with enormous repertorial opportunities. She is equally successful with lyrical parts (those such as Jolanta, Mimi), dramatic-passionate parts (such as Santuzza, Nedda, Turandot, Tosca) and bright-masterly parts (Leonora). She is a musician with a flawless sense of musical truth. There are more than thirty diverse roles in Bieșu’s opera record. To those already mentioned, we can add Verdi’s heroines – Leonora (La Forza del destino), Elisabeth (Don Carlos), Abigaille (Nabucco), Amelia (Un Ballo in maschera), and also Turandot in Puccini’s opera, Adriana (Adriana Lecouvreur by F. Cilea), Nastasya (in P. Tchaikovsky’s The Enchantress). Maria Bieșu’s greatest artistic achievement was he role of Norma in Bellini’s opera. This work established Bieșu as an opera artist of powerful tragic incandescence.
Maria Bieșu was also known for her is her chamber-concert activity. "In chamber performances Bieșu is attracted to a delicate sense of style, careful work with musical and poetic texts, depth of emotional imagery, and emotional fullness and sincerity." Her concert repertoire was very wide, ranging from, J.S. Bach and Georg Frideric Handel to Caccini and Gretry to Schumann and Schubert and from Franz Liszt and Grieg to Ottorino Respighi and Fauré, Sergei Rachmaninov and Tchaikovsky to Prokofiev and Sviridov, all the way to old Russian and Moldavian romances, folk songs, and compositions by contemporary Moldovan authors.
In 1986, Maria Bieșu recorded the role of Norma in Bellini's opera for the Russian company Melodiya, with Ludmilla Nam as Adalgisa, Gegham Grigoryan as Pollione, and Mark Ermler conducting the Bolshoi Opera Orchestra. The recording was issued on CD by Melodiya (MCD 160C), and shows her dramatic soprano voice to good advantage. (The opera is sung in Italian, and is given uncut).

</doc>
<doc id="2925371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925371" title="Radiative transfer">
Radiative transfer

Radiative transfer is the physical phenomenon of energy transfer in the form of electromagnetic radiation. The propagation of radiation through a medium is affected by absorption, emission, and scattering processes. The equation of radiative transfer describes these interactions mathematically. Equations of radiative transfer have application in wide variety of subjects including optics, astrophysics, atmospheric science, and remote sensing. Analytic solutions to the radiative transfer equation (RTE) exist for simple cases but for more realistic media with complex multiple scattering effects numerical methods are required.
The present article is largely focused on the condition of radiative equilibrium. 
Definitions.
The fundamental quantity which describes a field of radiation is called spectral radiance in radiometric terms (in other fields it is often called specific intensity). For a very small area element in the radiation field, there can be electromagnetic radiation passing in both senses in every spatial direction through it. In radiometric terms, the passage can be completely characterized by the amount of energy radiated in each of the two senses in each spatial direction, per unit time, per unit area of surface of sourcing passage, per unit solid angle of reception at a distance, per unit wavelength interval being considered (polarization will be ignored for the moment).
In terms of the spectral radiance, formula_1, the energy flowing across an area element of area formula_2 located at formula_3 in time formula_4 in the solid angle formula_5 about the direction formula_6 in the frequency interval formula_7 to formula_8 is
where formula_10 is the angle that the unit direction vector formula_6 makes with a normal to the area element. The units of the spectral radiance are seen to be energy/time/area/solid angle/frequency. In MKS units this would be W·m−2·sr−1·Hz−1 (watts per square-metre-steradian-hertz).
The equation of radiative transfer.
The equation of radiative transfer simply says that as a beam of radiation travels, it loses energy to absorption, gains energy by emission, and redistributes energy by scattering. The differential form of the equation for radiative transfer is:
where formula_13 is the emission coefficient, formula_14 is the scattering cross section, and formula_15 is the absorption cross section.
Solutions to the equation of radiative transfer.
Solutions to the equation of radiative transfer form an enormous body of work. The differences however, are essentially due to the various forms for the emission and absorption coefficients. If scattering is ignored, then a general solution in terms of the emission and absorption coefficients may be written:
where formula_17 is the optical depth of the medium between positions formula_18 and formula_19:
Local thermodynamic equilibrium.
A particularly useful simplification of the equation of radiative transfer occurs under the conditions of local thermodynamic equilibrium (LTE). In this situation, the absorbing/emitting medium consists of massive particles which are in equilibrium with each other, and therefore have a definable temperature. The radiation field is not, however in equilibrium and is being entirely driven by the presence of the massive particles. For a medium in LTE, the emission coefficient and absorption coefficient are functions of temperature and density only, and are related by:
where formula_22 is the black body spectral radiance at temperature "T". The solution to the equation of radiative transfer is then:
Knowing the temperature profile and the density profile of the medium is sufficient to calculate a solution to the equation of radiative transfer.
The Eddington approximation.
The Eddington approximation is a special case of the two stream approximation. It can be used to obtain the spectral radiance in a "plane-parallel" medium (one in which properties only vary in the perpendicular direction) with isotropic frequency-independent scattering. It assumes that the intensity is a linear function of formula_24. i.e.
where formula_26 is the normal direction to the slab-like medium. Note that expressing angular integrals in terms of formula_27 simplifies things because formula_28 appears in the Jacobian of integrals in spherical coordinates.
Extracting the first few moments of the spectral radiance with respect to formula_27 yields
Thus the Eddington approximation is equivalent to setting formula_33. Higher order versions of the Eddington approximation also exist, and consist of more complicated linear relations of the intensity moments. This extra equation can be used as a closure relation for the truncated system of moments.
Note that the first two moments have simple physical meanings. formula_34 is the isotropic intensity at a point, and formula_35 is the flux through that point in the formula_26 direction.
The radiative transfer through an isotropically scattering medium at local thermodynamic equilibrium is given by
Integrating over all angles yields
Premultiplying by formula_27, and then integrating over all angles gives
Substituting in the closure relation, and differentiating with respect to formula_26 allows the two above equations to be combined to form the radiative diffusion equation
This equation shows how the effective optical depth in scattering-dominated systems may be significantly different from that given by the scattering opacity if the absorptive opacity is small.

</doc>
<doc id="2925377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925377" title="Eslava">
Eslava

Eslava is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925379" title="Esparza, Navarre">
Esparza, Navarre

Esparza is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925382" title="Hainault Forest">
Hainault Forest

Hainault Forest Country Park is located in Greater London, with portions in: Hainault in the London Borough of Redbridge; the London Borough of Havering; and in the Lambourne parish of the Epping Forest District in Essex. 
Geography.
With an area of 136 hectares (336 acres), Hainault Forest Country Park is a Site of Special Scientific Interest.
The Redbridge section of the Park is being developed by the Redbridge Council as a country park. The Essex section is managed by the Woodland Trust, who are contracted to do so by its owners, Essex County Council.
History.
Hainault Forest is one of the remaining sections of the former Forest of Essex in England. Epping Forest and Hatfield Forest are other remaining examples. The forest belonged to the abbey of Barking until the dissolution of the monasteries; it extended northwards to Theydon Bois ("bois", "woodland"), east to Havering-atte-Bower, on the south to Aldborough Hatch, and westwards to Leytonstone. In a survey made for Henry VIII in 1544 its extent was some .
The forest land was condemned as waste by an Act of Parliament, 1851, disafforested, the deer removed, the old growth forest cut down, and the land divided for building lots, for a growing London. This was deplored by Sir Walter Besant in his works on London: the forest is also the setting for his novel "All in a Garden Fair".
Preservation.
After public pressure to retain some remnant of Hainault Forest, headed by Edward North Buxton, a total of of land was bought for public use on 21 July 1906. It included 253 acres (1.0 km²) of woodland and rough pasture. 
The Hainault Forest Country Park protected areas include: open space parklands — with numerous public footpaths and a large lake; the Hainault Forest Golf Club; and Fox Burrow Farm — which is used in part for preserving rare breeds of animals.

</doc>
<doc id="2925384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925384" title="Espronceda">
Espronceda

Espronceda is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925388" title="Temnospondyli">
Temnospondyli

The Temnospondyli (from Greek τέμνειν ("temnein", "to cut") and σπόνδυλος ("spondylos", "vertebra")) are a diverse order of small to giant tetrapods—often considered primitive amphibians—that flourished worldwide during the Carboniferous, Permian, and Triassic periods. A few species continued into the Cretaceous. Fossils have been found on every continent. During about 210 million years of evolutionary history, they adapted to a wide range of habitats, including fresh water, terrestrial, and even coastal marine environments. Their life history is well understood, with fossils known from the larval stage, metamorphosis, and maturity. Most temnospondyls were semiaquatic, although some were almost fully terrestrial, returning to the water only to breed. These temnospondyls were some of the first vertebrates fully adapted to life on land. Although temnospondyls are considered amphibians, many had characteristics, such as scales, claws, and armor-like bony plates, that distinguish them from modern amphibians.
Temnospondyls have been known since the early 19th century, and were initially thought to be reptiles. They were described at various times as batrachians, stegocephalians, and labyrinthodonts, although these names are now rarely used. Animals now grouped in Temnospondyli were spread out among several amphibian groups until the early 20th century, when they were found to belong to a distinct taxon based on the structure of their vertebrae. Temnospondyli means "cut vertebrae", as each vertebra is divided into several parts.
Authorities disagree over whether temnospondyls were ancestral to modern amphibians (frogs, salamanders, and caecilians), or whether the whole group died out without leaving any descendants. Different hypotheses have placed modern amphibians as the descendants of temnospondyls, another group of early tetrapods called lepospondyls, or even as descendants of both groups (with caecilians evolving from lepospondyls and frogs and salamanders evolving from temnospondyls). Recent studies place a family of temnosondyls called the amphibamids as the closest relatives of modern amphibians. Similarities in teeth, skulls, and hearing structures link the two groups.
Description.
Many temnospondyls are much larger than living amphibians, and superficially resemble crocodiles. Others are smaller and resembled salamanders. Most have broad, flat heads that are either blunt (brevirostrine) or elongated (longirostrine). The skulls are rounded or triangular in shape when viewed from above, and are usually covered in pits and ridges. The rugged surfaces of bones may have supported blood vessels, which could transfer carbon dioxide to the bones to neutralize acidic buildup in the blood (early semiaquatic tetrapods would have had difficulty expelling carbon dioxide from their bodies while on land, and these dermal bones may have been an early solution to the problem). Many temnospondyls also have canal-like grooves in their skulls called sensory sulci. The sulci, which usually run around the nostrils and eye sockets, are part of a lateral line system used to detect vibrations in water. As semiaquatic animals, most temnospondyls have small limbs with four toes on each front foot and five on each hind foot. Terrestrial temnospondyls have larger, thicker limbs, and some even have claws. One unusual terrestrial temnospondyl, "Fayella", has relatively long limbs for its body, and probably lived as an active runner able to chase prey.
Homologues of most of the bones of temnospondyls are also seen in other early tetrapods, aside from a few bones in the skull, such as interfrontals, internasals, and interparietals, that have developed in some temnospondyl taxa. Most temnospondyls have tabular horns in the backs of their skulls, rounded projections of bone separated from the rest of the skull by indentations called otic notches; in some temnospondyls, such as "Zatrachys", they are pointed and very prominent. Among the most distinguishing features of temnospondyls are the interpterygoid vacuities, two large holes in the back of the palate. Another pair of holes, choanae, are present in front of these vacuities, and connect the nasal passage with the mouth. Temnospondyls often have teeth on their palates, as well as in their jaws. Some of these teeth are so large, they are referred to as tusks. In some temnospondyls, such as "Nigerpeton", tusks in the lower jaw pierce the palate and emerge through openings in the top of the skull.
Very little is known of the soft tissue of temnospondyls. A block of sandstone, described in 2007 from the Early Carboniferous Mauch Chunk Formation of Pennsylvania, included impressions of the bodies of three temnospondyls. These impressions show, when alive, they had smooth skin, robust limbs with webbed feet, and a ridge of skin on their undersides. Trackways referable to small temnospondyls have also been found in Carboniferous and Permian rocks. The trackways, called batrachichni, are usually found in strata deposited around freshwater environments, suggesting the animals had some ties to the water.
Unlike modern amphibians, many temnospondyls are covered in small, closely packed scales. The undersides of most temnospondyls are covered in rows of large ventral plates. During early stages of development, they first have only small, rounded scales. Fossils show, as the animals grew, the scales on the undersides of their bodies developed into large, wide ventral plates. The plates overlap each other in a way that allows a wide range of flexibility. Later semiaquatic temnospondyls, such as trematosaurs and capitosaurs, have no evidence of scales. They may have lost scales to make movement easier under water or to allow cutaneous respiration, the absorption of oxygen through the skin.
Several groups of temnospondyls have large bony plates on their backs. One temnospondyl, "Peltobatrachus", has armor-like plating that covers both its back and underside. The temnospondyl "Laidleria" also has extensive plating on its back. Most members of the family Dissorophidae also have armor, although it only covers the midline of the back with two narrow rows of plates. Other temnospondyls, such as "Eryops", have been found with small, disc-like bony scutes that were in life probably embedded in the skin. All of these temnospondyls were adapted to a terrestrial lifestyle. Armor may have offered protection from predators in the case of "Peltobatrachus". The scutes may have provided stability for the spine, as they would have limited flexibility and may have been connected by strong ligaments. Temnospondyls such as "Sclerothorax" and "Eryops" that may have been at least partly terrestrial also have long neural spines on top of their vertebrae that would have stabilized the spine. Bony scutes are also seen in plagiosaurs, but unlike "Peltobatrachus", "Laidleria", "Eryops", and dissorophids, these animals are thought to have been fully aquatic. Plagiosaurs may have inherited their armor from a terrestrial ancestor, as both "Peltobatrachus" and "Laidleria" have been considered close relatives of the group.
Temnospondyls' vertebrae are divided into several segments. In living tetrapods, the main body of the vertebra is a single piece of bone called the centrum, but in temnospondyls, this region was divided into a pleurocentrum and intercentrum. Two types of vertebrae are recognized in temnospondyls: stereospondylous and rhachitomous vertebrae. In rhachitomous vertebrae, the intercentra are large and wedge-shaped, and the pleurocentra are relatively small blocks that fit between them. Both elements support a spine-like neural arch, and well-developed interlocking projections called zygapophyses strengthen the connections between vertebrae. The strong backbone and strong limbs of many ratchitomous temnospondyls allowed them to be partially, and in some cases fully, terrestrial. In stereospondylous vertebrae, the pleurocentra have been lost entirely, with the intercentra enlarged as the main body of the vertebrae. This weaker type of backbone indicates the stereospondylous temnospondyls spent more time in water.
History of study.
Temnospondyli was named by German paleontologist Karl Alfred von Zittel in his second edition of "Handbuch der Palaeontologie", published in 1888. Temnospondyl remains were known since the early part of the 19th century, however. The earliest described temnospondyl was "Mastodonsaurus", named by Georg Friedrich Jaeger in 1828. Jaeger named "Mastodonsaurus" from a single tooth, and considered it a reptile. "Mastodonsaurus" means "breast tooth lizard" after the nipple-like shape of the tip of the tooth. 
The naming of these first specimens was disputed, however. Leopold Fitzinger named the animal "Batrachosaurus" in 1837. In 1841, English paleontologist Richard Owen referred to the genus as "Labyrinthodon" to describe its highly folded or labyrinthine teeth. Owen thought the name "Mastodonsaurus" "ought not to be retained, because it recalls unavoidably the idea of the mammalian genus "Mastodon", or else a mammilloid form of the tooth... and because the second element of the word, "saurus", indicates a false affinity, the remains belonging, not to the Saurian, but to the Batrachian order of Reptiles." Owen recognized the animal was not a "saurian" reptile, yet he also referred Jaeger's "Phytosaurus" to the genus. Although the two genera both have similarly sized conical teeth, "Phytosaurus" was later found to be a crocodile-like reptile. Additional material, including skulls, firmly placed "Labyrinthodon" as an amphibian. Jaeger also named "Salamandroides giganteus" in 1828, basing it on partial occiput, or back portion of the skull. In 1833, he described a complete skull of "S. giganteus" that had the same teeth as his "Mastodonsaurus", making it the first known complete skull of a temnospondyl. Because "Mastodonsaurus" was named first, it has precedence over the other names as a senior subjective synonym. "Batrachosaurus" is still used as the name of an unrelated brachyopid temnospondyl.
"Mastodonsaurus" and other similar animals were referred to as labyrinthodonts, named like "Labyrinthodon" for teeth that were highly folded in cross section. Owen's ""Labyrinthodon Jaegeri"" was later found at Guy's Cliffe, England by paleontologist William Buckland. Other specimens were found in the red sandstone of Warwickshire. As more fossils were uncovered in England, Owen depicted these labyrinthodonts as the "highest" form of batrachian and compared them to crocodiles, which he considered the highest form of reptiles. He also noted the large labyrinthodonts of the Keuper (a unit of rocks that dates to the Late Triassic) were younger than more advanced reptiles in the Magnesian and Zechstein, which are Late Permian in age. Owen used these fossils to counter the notion that reptiles evolved from a sequential progression from early amphibians (what he called "metamorphosed fishes").
In addition to "Mastodonsaurus", some of the earliest named genera included "Metopias" and "Rhombopholis" in 1842, "Zygosaurus" in 1848, "Trematosaurus" in 1849, "Baphetes" and "Dendrerpeton" in 1853, "Capitosaurus" in 1858, and "Dasyceps" in 1859. "Baphetes" is now placed as an early tetrapod outside Temnospondyli, and "Rhombopholis" is now considered a prolacertiform reptile.
Later in the 19th century, temnospondyls were classified as various members of Stegocephalia, a name coined by American paleontologist Edward Drinker Cope in 1868. Cope placed stegocephalians in the class Batrachia, the name then used for Amphibia. Stegocephalia means "roof-headed" in Greek, a reference to the wide, flat heads of temnospondyls and other early tetrapods. During this time, paleontologists considered temnospondyls to be amphibians because they possessed three main features: gill arches in juvenile skeletons, indicating they were amphibious for at least the first part of their lives; ribs that do not connect at the underside of the rib cage; and deep pits in the skull that were interpreted as space for mucous glands.
Several suborders of stegocephalians were recognized in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Animals now regarded as temnospondyls were primarily labyrinthodonts, but some were classified in the Branchiosauria. Branchiosaurs were small-bodied and had simple conical teeth, while labyrinthodonts were larger and had complex, folded dentin and enamel in their teeth. Branchiosauria included only a few forms, such as "Branchiosaurus" from Europe and "Amphibamus" from North America, that had poorly developed bones, external gills, and no ribs. Some skeletons of "Amphibamus" were later found with long ribs, prompting its reassignment to Microsauria (although more detailed studies found it to be a temnospondyl). Soft tissue, such as scales and external gills, were found in many well-preserved branchiosaur fossils from Germany. In the early 20th century, branchiosaurs would be recognized as larval forms of temnospondyls lacking many of the typical features that define the group.
Other animals that would later be classified as temnospondyls were placed in a group called Ganocephala, characterized by plate-like skull bones, small limbs, fish-like scales, and branchial arches. Unlike labyrinthodonts, they did not have parietal foramena, small holes in their skulls behind their eye sockets. "Archegosaurus", "Dendrerpeton", "Eryops" and "Trimerorhachis" were placed in this group and were considered to be the most primitive members of Reptilia. Their rhachitomous vertebrae, notochord, and lack of occipital condyles (which attached the head to the neck) were features that were also shared with fishes. Thus, they were considered a link between early fishes and more advanced forms such as stegocephalians.
Another group called Microsauria was named by Cope in 1868. Cope classified Microsauria as a subgroup of Labyrinthodontia, placing many small, amphibian-like animals within it. Among them were "Dendrerpeton", once placed in Ganocephala. "Dendrerpeton" was later placed as a labyrinthodont with other temnospondyls, but confusion existed for many years over the classification of small amphibians. 
By the end of the 19th century, most of what are today regarded as temnospondyls were placed in the suborder Labyrinthodonta. American paleontologist Ermine Cowles Case called it Labyrinthodonta "vera" or "true labyrinthodonts". The names Stegocephalia and Labyrinthodontia were used interchangeably to refer to the order in which it belonged. The labyrinthodontian suborders Microsauria and Branchiosauria, both of which contain temnospondyls, were distinct from Labyrinthodonta. Within Labyrinthodonta were the groups Rhachitomi, Labyrinthodonti, and Embolerimi. Members of Rhachitomi, such as "Archegosaurus" and "Eryops", had rhachitomous vertebrae with enlarged intercentra that displaced the pleurocentra. Labyrinthodonti, such as "Mastodonsaurus", "Trematosaurus", and "Micropholis", had lost their pleurocentra, and the intercentra made up the entire body of the vertebrae. Embolerimi had intercentra and pleurocentra that were of equal size. Embolomeres are now identified as reptiliomorphs distantly related to temnospondyls.
In 1888, von Zittel divided stegocephalians among three taxa: Lepospondyli, Temnospondyli, and Stereospondyli. He placed microsaurs in Lepospondyli, a group which he characterized as having simple, spool-shaped vertebral centra. Temnospondyli included forms with the centra divided into pleurocentra and intercentra. All members of Stereospondyli had amphicoelous centra composed only of the intercentra. Cope objected to von Zittel's classification, considering the vertebrae of lepospondyls and stereospondyls indistinguishable because each had a simple spool shape. He continued to use Ganocephala and Labyrinthodonta (which he alternatively referred to as Rhachitomi) to distinguish animals based on the absence or presence of occipital condyles.
Temnospondyli became a commonly used name at the turn of the century. Paleontologists included both embolomeres and rhachitomes in the group. Cope's Ganocephala and Labyrinthodonta fell out of use. In 1919, British paleontologist D. M. S. Watson proposed that the evolutionary history of these large amphibians could be seen through changes in their vertebrae. Embolomerous forms in the Carboniferous graded into rhachitomous forms in the Permian, and finally into stereospondyls in the Triassic. More importantly, Watson began using the term Labyrinthodontia to refer to these groups. The name Temnospondyli was rarely used in the decades that followed. Swedish paleontologist Gunnar Säve-Söderbergh removed embolomeres from the group, narrowing its scope to rhachitomes and stereospondyls. His classification of labyrinthodonts was based heavily on characteristics of the skull rather than the vertebrae.
American paleontologist Alfred Romer brought the name Temnospondyli back into use in the later 20th century. Säve-Söderbergh used the name Labyrinthodontia in a strict sense ("sensu stricto") to refer to Rhachitomi and Stereospondyli, excluding Embolomeri. Romer agreed with this classification, but used the name Temnospondyli to avoid confusion with Labyrinthodontia in its wider sense ("sensu lato"). Unlike modern temnospondyl classification, however, Romer included the primitive Ichthyostegalia in the group.
Evolutionary history.
Carboniferous and Early Permian.
Temnospondyls first appeared in the Early Carboniferous around 330 million years ago (Mya). During the Carboniferous, temnospondyls included basal medium-sized forms such as "Dendrerpeton" or large semiaquatic forms such as "Cochleosaurus". Other, more derived temnospondyls, such as the amphibamids, were smaller and more terrestrial. They resembled salamanders, and some taxa, such as the genus "Branchiosaurus", even retained external gills like the modern-day axolotl. During the latest Carboniferous and Early Permian around 300 Mya, several groups, such as the dissorophids and trematopids evolved strong, robust limbs and vertebrae and became adapted to life on land while others such as the eryopids, developed into large semiaquatic predators. The dvinosaurs, a group of small aquatic temnospondyls, evolved from terrestrial ancestors in the Late Carboniferous.
Late Permian.
During the Late Permian, increasing aridity and the diversification of reptiles contributed into a decline in terrestrial temnospondyls, but semiaquatic and fully aquatic temnospondyls continued to flourish, including the large "Melosaurus" of Eastern Europe. Other temnospondyls, such as archegosaurids, developed long snouts and a close similarity to crocodiles, although they lacked the armor characteristic of the latter group. These temnospondyls included the largest known amphibian, the 9-m-long "Prionosuchus" of Brazil.
Mesozoic.
As temnospondyls continued to flourish and diversify in the Late Permian (260.4 - 251.0 Mya), a major group called Stereospondyli became more dependent on life in the water. The vertebrae became weak, the limbs small, and the skull large and flat, with the eyes facing upwards. During the Triassic period, these animals dominated the freshwater ecosystems, evolving in a range of both small and large forms. During the Early Triassic (251.0 - 245.0 Mya) one group of successful long-snouted fish-eaters, the trematosauroids, even adapted to a life in the sea, the only known amphibians to do so with the exception of the modern crab-eating frog. Another group, the capitosauroids, included medium- and large-sized animals in length, with large and flat skulls that could be over a meter long in the largest forms such as "Mastodonsaurus". These animals spent most or all their lives in water as aquatic predators, catching their prey by a sudden opening of the upper jaw and sucking in fish or other small animals.
In the Carnian stage of the Late Triassic (228.0 - 216.5 Mya), capitosauroids were joined by the superficially very similar Metoposauridae. Metoposaurids are distinguished from capitosauroids by the positioning of their eye sockets near the front of their skulls. Another group of stereospondyls, the plagiosaurs, had wide heads with external gills, and adapted to life at the bottom of lakes and rivers. By this time, temnospondyls had become a common and widespread component of semiaquatic ecosystems. Some temnospondyls, such as "Cryobatrachus" and "Kryostega", even inhabited Antarctica, which was covered in temperate forests at the time. 
Triassic temnospondyls were often the dominant semiaquatic animals in their environments. Large assemblages of metoposaurs with hundreds of individuals preserved together have been found in the southwestern United States. They have often been interpreted as mass death events caused by droughts in floodplain environments. Recent studies show these dense assemblages were instead probably the result of currents accumulating dead individuals in certain areas. These environments seem to have had little diversity, as they were inhabited almost exclusively by metoposaurs.
The Triassic-Jurassic extinction event around 199.6 Mya led to the extinction of most Mesozoic temnospondyls. The brachyopoids survived, as well as a few capitosauroids and trematosauroids. While the latter two groups soon became extinct, brachyopoids persisted and grew to large sizes during the Jurassic. Among brachyopoids, the brachyopids flourished in China and the chigutisaurids became common in Gondwana. The most recent known temnospondyl was the giant chigutisaurid "Koolasuchus", known from the Early Cretaceous of Australia. It survived in rift valleys that were too cold in the winter for crocodiles that normally would have competed with them. "Koolasuchus" was one of the largest of the brachyopoids, with an estimated weight of .
Classification.
Originally, temnospondyls were classified according to the structure of their vertebrae. Early forms, with complex vertebrae consisting of a number of separate elements, were placed in the suborder Rachitomi, and large Triassic aquatic forms with simpler vertebrae were placed in the suborder Stereospondyli. With the recent growth of phylogenetics, this classification is no longer viable. The basic rhachitomous condition is found in many primitive tetrapods, and is not unique to one group of temnospondyls. Moreover, the distinction between rhachitomous and stereospondylous vertebrae is not entirely clear. Some temnospondyls have rhachitomous, semirhachitomous, and sterospondylous vertebrae at different points in the same vertebral column. Other taxa have intermediate morphologies that do not fit into any category. Rachitomi is no longer recognized as a group, but Stereospondyli is still considered valid. Below is a simplified taxonomy of temnospondyls showing currently recognized groups:
Class Amphibia
Phylogeny.
In one of the earliest phylogenetic analyses of the group, Gardiner (1983) recognized five characteristics that made Temnospondyli a clade: a bone at the back of the skull, the parasphenoid, is connected to another bone on the underside of the skull, the pterygoid; large openings called interpterygoid vacuities are present between the pterygoids; the stapes (a bone involved in hearing) is connected to the parasphenoid and projects upward; the cleithrum, a bone in the pectoral girdle, is thin; and part of the vertebra called the interdorsal attaches to the neural arch. Additional features were given by Godfrey "et al." (1987), including the contact between the postparietal and exoccipital at the back of the skull, small projections (uncinate processes) on the ribs, and a pelvic girdle with each side having a single iliac blade. These shared characteristics are called synapomorphies.
Temnospondyls are placed as basal tetrapods in phylogenetic analyses, with their exact positioning varying between studies. Depending on the classification of modern amphibians, they are either included in the crown group Tetrapoda or the stem of Tetrapoda. Crown-group tetrapods are descendants of the most recent common ancestor of all living tetrapods and stem tetrapods are forms that are outside the crown group. Modern amphibians have recently been suggested as descendants of temnospondyls, which would place them within crown Tetrapoda. Below is a cladogram from Ruta "et al." (2003) placing Temnospondyli within crown Tetrapoda:
Other studies place modern amphibians as the descendants of lepospondyls and place temnospondyls in a more basal position within the stem of Tetrapoda. Below is a cladogram from Laurin and Reisz (1999) placing Temnospondyli outside crown Tetrapoda:
Most phylogenetic analyses of temnospondyl interrelationships focus on individual families. One of the first broad-scale studies of temnospondyl phylogeny was conducted by paleontologist Andrew Milner in 1990. A 2007 study made a "supertree" of all temnospondyl families, combining the family-level trees of previous studies. The following cladogram is modified from Ruta "et al." (2007):
1 Temnospondyli, 2 Edopoidea, 3 Dvinosauria, 4 Euskelia, 5 Eryopoidea, 6 Dissorophoidea, 7 Limnarchia, 8 Archegosauroidea,
9 Stereospondyli, 10 Rhytidostea, 11 Brachyopoidea, 12 Capitosauria, 13 Trematosauria, 14 Metoposauroidea
The most basal group of temnospondyls is the superfamily Edopoidea. Edopoids have several primitive or plesiomorphic features, including a single occipital condyle and a bone called the intertemporal that is absent in other temnospondyls. Edopoids include the Late Carboniferous genus "Edops" and the family Cochleosauridae. Dendrerpetontidae has also been included in Edopoidea, and is the oldest known temnospondyl family. "Balanerpeton woodi" is the oldest species, having been present over 330 million years ago during the Viséan stage of the Early Carboniferous. Recent analyses place Dendrerpetontidae outside Edopoidea in a more derived position. Other primitive temnospondyls include "Capetus" and "Iberospondylus". "Saharastega" and "Nigerpeton", both described in 2005 from Niger, are also primitive yet come from the Late Permian. They are almost 40 million years younger than other basal temnospondyls, implying a long ghost lineage of species that are not yet known in the fossil record.
In 2000, paleontologists Adam Yates and Anne Warren produced a revised phylogeny of more derived temnospondyls, naming several new clades. Two major clades were Euskelia and Limnarchia. Euskelia includes the temnospondyls that were once called rhachitomes and includes two subfamilies, the Dissorophoidea and the Eryopoidea. Dissorophoids include small, mostly terrestrial temnospondyls that may be the ancestors of modern amphibians. Eryopoids include larger temnosondyls like "Eryops". The second major clade, Limnarchia, includes most Mesozoic temnospondyls, as well as some Permian groups. Within Limnarchia are the superfamily Archegosauroidea and the most derived temnospondyls, the stereospondyls.
Yates and Warren also named Dvinosauria, a clade of small aquatic temnospondyls from the Carboniferous, Permian, and Triassic. They placed Dvinosauria within Limnarchia, but more recent studies disagree on their position. For example, a 2007 study places them even more basal than euskelians, while a 2008 study keeps them as basal limnarchians.
Within Stereospondyli, Yates and Warren erected two major clades: Capitosauria and Trematosauria. Capitosaurs include large semiaquatic temnospondyls like "Mastodonsaurus" with flat heads and eyes near the back of the skull. Trematosaurs include a diversity of temnospondyls, including large marine trematosauroids, aquatic plagiosaurs, brachyopoids that survived into the Cretaceous, and metoposauroids with eyes near the front of their heads. In 2000, paleontologists Rainer Schoch and Andrew Milner named a third major clade of stereospondyls, the Rhytidostea. This group included more primitive stereospondyls that could not be placed in either Capitosauria or Trematosauria, and included groups like Lydekkerinidae, Rhytidosteidae, and Brachyopoidea. While Capitosauria and Trematosauria are still widely used, Rhytidostea is not often supported as a true clade in recent analyses. Rhytidosteids and brachyopoids are now grouped with trematosaurians, but lydekkerinids are still considered to be a primitive family of stereospondyls.
A new phylogeny of temnospondyls was offered by paleontologist Rainer Schoch in 2013. It supported many of the clades that were found by Yates and Warren, but it did not find support for their division of derived stereospondyls into Euskelia and Limnarchia. Eryopids were found to be more closely related to stereospondyls than to dissorophoids, which were grouped with dvinosaurs. The clade including Eryopidae and Stereospondylomorpha was named Eryopiformes. In addition, Schoch named the clade containing all temnospondyls except edopoids Eutemnospondyli and reinstated the name Rhachitomi for the clade containing all temnospondyls except edopoids and dendrerpetontids. Below is the cladogram from Schoch's analysis:
Relationship to modern amphibians.
Modern amphibians (frogs, salamanders, and caecilians) are classified in Lissamphibia. Lissamphibians appear to have arisen in the Permian. Molecular clock estimates place the first lissamphibian in the Late Carboniferous, but the first member of Batrachia (frogs and salamanders, but not caecilians) is estimated to have appeared in the Middle Permian using the same technique. Using fossil evidence, there are three main theories for the origin of modern amphibians. One is that they evolved from lepospondyls, most likely the lysorophians. Another is that they evolved from dissorophoid temnospondyls. A third hypothesis is that caecilians descended from lepospondyls and frogs and salamanders evolved from dissorophoids.
Recently, the theory that temnospondyls were the ancestors of all lissamphibians has gained wide support. The skull morphology of some small temnospondyls has been compared to those of modern frogs and salamanders, but the presence of bicuspid, pedicellate teeth in small, paedomorphic or immature temnospondyls has been cited as the most convincing argument in favor of the temnospondyl origin of lissamphibians. Seen in lissamphibians and many dissorophoid temnospondyls, pedicellate teeth have calcified tips and bases. During the development of most tetrapods, teeth begin to calcify at their tips. Calcification normally proceeds downward to the base of the tooth, but calcification from the tip stops abruptly in pedicellate teeth. Calcification resumes at the base, leaving an area in the center of the tooth uncalcified. This pattern is seen in living amphibians and fossils.
The dissorophoid family Amphibamidae is thought to be most closely related to Lissamphibia. In 2008, an amphibamid called "Gerobatrachus hottoni" was named from Texas and was nicknamed the "frogamander" for its frog-like head and salamander-like body. It was thought to be the most closely related temnospondyl to lissamphibians and was placed as the sister taxon of the group in a phylogenetic analysis. Another species of amphibamid called "Doleserpeton annectens" is now thought to be even more closely related to lissamphibians. Unlike "Gerobatrachus", "Doleserpeton" was known since 1969, and the presence of pedicellate teeth in its jaws has led some paleontologists to conclude soon after its naming that it was a relative of modern amphibians. It was first described as a "protolissamphibian", and the specific name "annectens" means "connecting" in reference to its inferred transitional position between temnospondyls and lissamphibians. The structure of its tympanum, a disk-like membrane that functions like an ear drum, is similar to that of frogs and has also been used as evidence for a close relationship. Other features including the shape of the palate and the back of the skull, the short ribs, and the smooth skull surface also point to it being a closer relative of lissamphibians than is "Gerobatrachus". Below is a cladogram modified from Sigurdsen and Bolt (2010) showing the relationships of "Gerobatrachus", "Doleserpeton", and Lissamphibia:
Paleobiology.
Feeding.
Although the earliest temnospondyls were primarily semiaquatic, they had the ability to feed on land. Later, eryopoids and dissorophoids, some well adapted to terrestrial life, also fed on land. Some eryopoids became better adapted toward life in water, and shifted their diets toward aquatic organisms. The first primarily aquatic feeders were archegosaurs in the Permian. Trematosaurs and capitosaurs became independently aquatic and also returned to this type of feeding.
Most aquatic stereospondyls have flattened heads. When feeding, they probably opened their mouths by lifting their skulls instead of lowering their lower jaws. The jaw mechanics of the plagiosaurid "Gerrothorax" is well known, and is one of the most highly adapted. "Gerrothorax" is thought to have lifted its skull to around 50° above horizontal through the flexing of the atlanto-occipital joint between the occipital condyles of the skull and the atlas vertebra of the neck. As the skull is raised, the quadrate bone pushes forward and causes the lower jaw to protrude outward. Other stereospondyls probably also lifted their skulls, but they are not as well adapted for such movement. D.M.S. Watson was the first to suggest skull lifting as a means of feeding in temnospondyls. He envisioned that "Mastodonsaurus", a much larger temnospondyl than "Gerrothorax", was able to make the same movement. Paleontologist A.L. Panchen also supported the idea in 1959, suggesting that "Batrachosuchus" also fed in this way. At the time it was thought that these temnospondyls lifted their heads with strong jaw muscles, but it is now thought that they used larger muscles in the neck that were attached to the large pectoral girdle. "Plagiosuchus", a close relative of "Gerrothorax", also has a hyobranchial skeleton that muscles may have attached to. "Plagiosuchus" has very small teeth and a large area for muscle attachment behind the skull, suggesting that it could suction feed by rapidly opening its mouth.
Unlike semiaquatic temnospondyls, terrestrial temnospondyls have skulls that are adapted for biting land-living prey. The sutures between the bones of the skull in the dissorophoid "Phonerpeton" are able to withstand a high degree of compression. Compressive forces would have been experienced when biting down on prey. Earlier aquatic tetrapods and tetrapod ancestors differ from temnospondyls like "Phonerpeton" in that their skulls were also built to withstand tension. This tension would have been experienced during suction feeding underwater. Temnospondyls like "Phonerpeton" were among the first tetrapods that were almost exclusively terrestrial and fed by biting.
Reproduction.
Temnospondyls, like all amphibians, reproduced in aquatic environments. Most temnospondyls probably reproduced through external fertilization. Like most living frogs, female temnospondyls would have laid masses of eggs in water while males released sperm to fertilize them. Several fossils were described from the Early Permian of Texas in 1998 that may be egg masses of dissorophoid temnospondyls. They were the first known fossils of amphibian eggs. The fossils consist of small disks with thin membranes that are probably vitelline membranes and halo-like areas surrounding them that are most likely mucous coatings. They are attached to plant fossils, suggesting that these temnospondyls laid eggs on aquatic plants much like modern frogs. The mucous membranes show that the eggs were laid by amphibians, not fish (their eggs lack mucous), but the type of amphibian that laid them cannot be known because no body fossils are preserved with the eggs. The eggs are thought to be from dissorophoids because they are likely to be close relatives of modern amphibians, and probably had similar reproductive strategies. They are also the most common amphibians from the deposit in which the eggs were found.
One temnospondyl, the dvinosaur "Trimerorhachis", may have brooded young in an area between the gills called the pharyngeal pouch. Small bones belonging to younger "Trimerorhachis" individuals have been found in these pouches. The living Darwin's Frog is also a mouth brooder and would be the closest modern analogue to "Trimerorhachis" if it cared for its young in this way. An alternative possibility is that "Trimerorhachis" was cannibalistic, eating its young like many amphibians do today. If this was the case, the bones of these smaller individuals were originally located in the throat and were pushed into the pharyngeal pouch as the animal fossilized.
Body impressions of Early Carboniferous temnospondyls from Pennsylvania suggest that some terrestrial temnospondyls mated on land like some modern amphibians. They reproduced through internal fertilization rather than mating in water. The presence of three individuals in one block of sandstone shows that the temnospondyls were gregarious. The head of one individual rests under the tail of another in what may be a courtship display. Internal fertilization and similar courtship behavior are seen in modern salamanders.
Growth.
While most types of temnospondyls are distinguished on the basis of features in mature specimens, several are known from juvenile and larval specimens. Metamorphosis is seen in dissorophoids, eryopids, and zatrachydids, with aquatic larvae developing into adults capable of living on land. Several types of dissorophoids do not fully metamorphose, but retain features of juveniles such as gills and small body size in what is known as neoteny. Dvinosaurians and the plagiosaurid "Gerrothorax" were also neotenic because they retained gills, but they are only known from adult specimens.
Temnospondyl larvae are often distinguished by poorly developed bones and the presence of a hyobranchial apparatus, a series of bones that gills would attach to in life. However, some fully mature temnospondyls also possess hyobranchial bones but did not have external gills. A dense covering of scales is also seen in larvae and adults. Major body changes occur in metamorphosis, including the reshaping and strengthening of skull bones, the thickening of postcranial bones, and an increase in body size.
Temnospondyls like "Sclerocephalus" are known from both large adult specimens and small larvae, showing an extreme change in body shape. In these species, the shape and proportions of skull bones change in the early stages of development. The ornamentation on the surface of the skull roof also develops at this time. Small, regularly spaced pits are the first to form, followed by larger ridges. As development continues, the external gills disappear. Small teeth that once covered the palate are lost. The postcranial skeleton does not develop at the same rate as the skull, with ossification (the replacement of cartilage by bone) happening more slowly. Vertebrae and limb bones are poorly developed, ribs and fingers are absent in the early stages, and the scapulocoracoid and ischium are entirely absent through most of development. Once maturity is reached, most bones have fully formed and growth rate slows. The bones of some temnospondyls like "Dutuitosaurus" show growth marks, possibly an indication that growth rate varied with the change in seasons. Fossils of temnospondyls like "Metoposaurus" and "Cheliderpeton" show that individuals grew larger past maturity. The oldest individuals usually have more pitting on their skulls with deeper sulci.
One group of temnospondyls, the Branchiosauridae, is also known from larval specimens. Branchiosaurids like "Branchiosaurus" and "Apateon" are represented by many fossils preserving skin and external gills. An entire growth series is exhibited in the wide range of sizes among specimens, but the lack of terrestrially adapted adult forms suggests that these temnospondyls were neotenic. Unlike other temnospondyls, their postcranial skeletons developed quickly but were still partly cartilaginous when fully mature. Adults likely had an aquatic lifestyle similar to juveniles. Recently, large specimens of "Apateon gracilis" were described with adaptations toward a terrestrial lifestyle, indicating that not all branchiosaurs were neotenic.
While most temnospondyls are aquatic in early stages of life, most metoposaurids appear to have been terrestrial in their juvenile stage. Like other Mesozoic temnospondyls, adult metoposaurids were adapted to a semiaquatic lifestyle. Their bones are not highly developed for movement on land. The cross-sectional thickness of limb bones in adult metoposaurids shows that they could not withstand the stress of terrestrial locomotion. Juvenile individuals have bones that are thick enough to withstand this stress, and could probably move about on land. To maintain a terrestrial lifestyle, a temnospondyl's limb bones would have to thicken with positive allometry, meaning that they would grow at a greater rate than the rest of the body. This is not the case in metoposaurids, meaning that as their bodies grew larger they became less adapted toward a terrestrial lifestyle.
Hearing.
Temnospondyls and other early tetrapods have rounded otic notches in the back of the skull that project into the cheek region. In life, the otic notch would have been covered by a membrane called the tympanum, which is seen as a disk-like area in living frogs. The tympanum is involved in hearing, and is similar to the ear drum of more advanced tetrapods. It was traditionally thought that the tympanum developed very early in tetrapod evolution as a hearing organ and progressed to form the ear drum of amniotes. Thus, temnospondyls possessed a hearing system supposedly ancestral to that of living amphibians and reptiles.
Frogs and all other living tetrapods have a rod-like bone called the stapes that aids in hearing by transferring vibrations from the ear drum —or homologous tympanum— to the inner ear. Temnospondyls also have a stapes, which projects into the otic cavity. The stapes likely evolved from the hyomandibula of lobe-finned fishes. The positioning of the stapes and the shape of the otic region suggests that the tympani of temnospondyls and frogs are homologous, but the tympani of these amphibians are no longer considered homologous with the hearing systems of reptiles, birds, and mammals. Therefore, ear structures in temnospondyls were not ancestral to those of all other tetrapods.
The ability of the tympanum and stapes to effectively transmit vibrations is called impedance matching. Early tetrapods like temnospondyls have thick stapes with poor impedance matching, so it is now thought that they were not used for hearing. Instead, these thick stapes may have functioned to support the tissue that covers the otic notch. Early temnospondyls like "Dendrerpeton" could not hear airborne sound but would have been able to detect vibration in the ground. Later temnospondyls like "Doleserpeton" had otic regions adapted to hearing. "Doleserpeton" has a structure in the inner ear called the perilymphatic duct, which is also seen in frogs and is associated with hearing. Its stapes is also a better transmitter of sound. The hearing system of "Doleserpeton" and related temnospondyls was able to detect airborne sound and may have been ancestral to that of living amphibians.

</doc>
<doc id="2925390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925390" title="Estella-Lizarra">
Estella-Lizarra

Estella (Spanish) or Lizarra (Basque) is a town located in the autonomous community of Navarre, in northern Spain. It lies south west of Pamplona, close to the border with La Rioja and Álava.
The town was founded in 1090 when the place, lying by the fortified settlement of Lizarra, was granted a charter by the Pamplonese king Sancho Ramirez. The town became a landmark in the Way of St. James pilgrimage route to Santiago de Compostela, thriving on the privileged location and the melting pot of "Francos" called in by Navarrese kings (mainly Occitans from Auvergne and Limousin), Jews and the original Navarrese inhabitants. The wealth resulted in a development of Romanesque architecture, well represented in the town: Church of San Pedro de la Rúa, Palacio de los Reyes de Navarra, Church of San Miguel, among others.
The town was a major headquarters of the Carlist party in the Carlist Wars of the mid 19th century, with Tomas Zumalakarregi being appointed Commander in Chief in this Estella-Lizarra.
Between 1927 and 1967, the town held the terminus of the iconic "Ferrocarril Vasco-Navarro" railway extending up to Bergara. The line was fitted with electrified power supply as of 1938, a provision considered a feat at the time.
The town regularly hosts the GP Miguel Indurain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925392" title="Esteribar">
Esteribar

Esteribar (from basque "ezter" 'gorge' and "ibar" 'valley') is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925394" title="Etxalar">
Etxalar

Etxalar is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925399" title="Etayo">
Etayo

Etayo is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925401" title="Roy Asotasi">
Roy Asotasi

Roy Asotasi (born 6 January 1982 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a professional rugby league footballer for the Warrington Wolves of the Super League. A New Zealand international representative and also Samoan prop forward and he previously played for the Bulldogs, with whom he won the 2004 NRL Premiership and the South Sydney Rabbitohs from 2007 to 2013.
Background.
Of Samoan descent, Asotasi was a product of the Marist Saints junior club in Auckland.
Professional playing career.
Bulldogs.
Asotasi joined Sydney NRL club, the Bulldogs club in 2000 as a prop forward where he was a regular member of their Jersey Flegg Cup team, playing in the Premiership-winning team against the Western Suburbs Magpies. In 2001 he was again a regular member of the Jersey Flegg Cup team and played in the Premiership-winning team against the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks as a second rower.
By 2002 Asotasi became a regular member of the Bulldogs' Premier League team and received the opportunity to join the highest grade of Rugby League in Australia, the NRL against Canberra, when Glen Hughes was injured. He returned to the Premier League to play in the Preliminary Final against Penrith Panthers but was injured and missed the Grand Final win.
In 2004 Asotasi started the season in the NRL premiership and played every game of the season including the 2004 NRL grand final victory over cross-town rivals, the Roosters. In that same year he was also selected to play for New Zealand. He has played 14 Tests for New Zealand from 2004 to 2006.
As 2004 NRL premiers, the Bulldogs faced Super League IX champions, the Leeds Rhinos in the 2005 World Club Challenge. Asotasi played at prop forward in the Bulldogs' 32-39 loss. In 2005 Asotasi played every match of the season before his sequence of 74 consecutive games was interrupted in 2006. He was injured just before the finals but returned to play in the Preliminary Final against Brisbane.
Rabbitohs.
Foundation club, South Sydney Rabbitohs signed Roy Asotasi for the start of the 2007 NRL season. He was selected to captain the New Zealand national team at prop forward in the 2007 ANZAC Test loss against Australia. With Souths he played a major part in helping the club to its first finals appearance in over 2 decades by finishing in seventh position. That year Asotasi was awarded the George Piggins Medal as the club's best and fairest player for the season. He was also named the New Zealand Rugby League's player of the year in 2007. Asotasi was named the New Zealand national side captain, as of the 2008 Anzac Test Match. He was named in the New Zealand training squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup.
However in the Round 25 clash against the Sydney Roosters, Roy Asotasi picked up a pectoral injury and was sidelined for the remainder of the season and subsequently, took no part in New Zealand's Rugby League World Cup success. A pectoral injury also interrupted Asotasi's 2012 season.
In April 2013, Asotasi captained Samoa in their test match against fierce pacific rivals Tonga.

</doc>
<doc id="2925403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925403" title="Little Cacapon">
Little Cacapon

Little Cacapon ( or ) refers to several placenames in Hampshire County, West Virginia, United States. 
See also: Cacapon (disambiguation)

</doc>
<doc id="2925405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925405" title="Etxarri-Aranatz">
Etxarri-Aranatz

Etxarri-Aranatz is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain. Etxarri-Aranatz was founded in 1312.

</doc>
<doc id="2925408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925408" title="Suzanne Caron">
Suzanne Caron

Suzanne Caron is a former mayor and councillor of Mount Royal in the city of Montreal. First elected as a councillor in 1999, she was elected borough mayor as a candidate for Gérald Tremblay's Montreal Island Citizens' Union when the Quebec government merged all the municipalities on the island of Montreal into one city in 2001. In 2003, she left the party over differences in the level of decentralization to the boroughs, and subsequently led the Yes side in the following demerger referendum.
She sought election as mayor of the reconstituted Town of Mount Royal, but lost to former mayor Vera Danyluk, since deceased.

</doc>
<doc id="2925409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925409" title="Etxauri">
Etxauri

Etxauri is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925410" title="Eulate">
Eulate

Eulate is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925413" title="Young adult">
Young adult

Young adult may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2925415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925415" title="Ezcabarte">
Ezcabarte

Ezcabarte is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925416" title="Nathaniel C. Comfort">
Nathaniel C. Comfort

Nathaniel C. Comfort is an American historian specialising in the history of biology. He is currently an Associate Professor in the Institute of the History of Medicine at Johns Hopkins University, and he previously was employed in the history department at The George Washington University. He is currently working on the history of human and medical genetics in America.
Comfort is best known for his 2001 biography of Barbara McClintock, "The Tangled Field: Barbara McClintock's Search for the Patterns of Genetic Control". He has published several journal articles on the same topic, and was widely praised for his reinterpretation of the response to McClintock's work on controlling elements.
Comfort was married to Carol Greider, winner of the 2009 Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine.

</doc>
<doc id="2925421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925421" title="Ezcároz – Ezkaroze">
Ezcároz – Ezkaroze

Ezcároz – Ezkaroze is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925425" title="Eugen Coca">
Eugen Coca

Eugen Coca (15 April 1893 – 9 January 1954) was a Moldovan composer and violinist. He wrote two symphonies and two symphonic poems. One of his masterpieces is the opera "Pasǎrea Maiastrǎ", based on the folk legend of Maiastra, the central character of which is a magic bird. The Maiastra motif has become known worldwide thanks to Romanian sculptor Constantin Brâncuși, who gave it expression in bronze and marble. He died in Chişinău in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="2925427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925427" title="Ezkurra">
Ezkurra

Ezkurra is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain. The town's name is from the Basque language of the locals.

</doc>
<doc id="2925429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925429" title="Ezprogui">
Ezprogui

Ezprogui is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarra, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925430" title="Brother Rice High School (Chicago)">
Brother Rice High School (Chicago)

Brother Rice High School is a Catholic, college preparatory institution located in Chicago, Illinois, and is administered under the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago. On the same block of land, directly to the east, is the all-female Mother McAuley Liberal Arts High School, while Saint Xavier University is located just to the south of Mother McAuley, and to the southeast of Brother Rice. Its enrollment is mostly drawn from local neighborhoods such as Beverly, Mt. Greenwood, West Lawn, Morgan Park and Ashburn, as well as local suburban municipalities such as Oak Lawn, Evergreen Park, Palos Heights, Orland Park, Tinley Park, Burbank, and Alsip. The Christian Brothers of Ireland founded the school in 1956. Thus, the school's namesake is the founder of their religious order, Blessed Edmund Ignatius Rice. It is affiliated with Brother Rice High School in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan.
School colors and seal.
The official school colors are maroon and orange. The maroon was taken from the maroon and gold colors of Iona College founded in 1940 by the Congregation of Christian Brothers and located in New Rochelle, New York. The orange is taken from the black and orange colors of Leo High School located in Chicago, Illinois and also opened by the Christian Brothers in 1926. The Brother Rice school seal has similar design features to the seal of Iona College from New Rochelle, New York.
Brother Rice has received several popular academic accolades over the past couple of years. For the fifth consecutive year, Brother Rice has been named on the Top 50 Catholic High Schools in America Honor Roll.
Graduation Requirements.
Students are required to take four years of Theology. Freshman and sophomore students are required to complete ten hours of community service, while juniors and seniors are required to complete ten hours of community service per semester. Juniors and seniors are permitted to apply for a waiver for the semester requirement, and move all of their community service hours to one semester or the summer, if they receive approval to do so (generally if the student is involved in a large scale community service project).
Honors/Advanced Placement Program.
The school offers the following Advanced Placement courses: Spanish Language, French Language, U.S. History, European History, Music Theory, Chemistry, German Language, Economics, and U.S. Government.
The school also offers one of the AP Computer Science courses, but calls it "AP Java" without specifying whether the course is AP Computer Science 'A' or 'AB'. The school also lists an "Advanced Placement" Computer Science course using C++, though this has been discontinued by the College Board as an option in their AP program, which exclusively emphasizes Java. The school lists a single AP course which prepares students to take both the AP English Language and AP English Literature tests. The AP Calculus class permits students the option to take either the 'AB' or 'BC' AP test.
Currently a four-semester course, open to juniors and seniors, allows CCNA certification.
Curriculum and Educational Support Committees.
The Curriculum Committee and Educational Support Committee are enforced to serve as advisory boards to the principal on all matters relating to educational improvement, course offerings, course changes, and overall curriculum development. This school board is responsible for addressing any concerns of the faculty, staff, administration, and students in efforts of academic improvement. For additional information on Brother Rice's school board visit: Curriculum and Educational Support Committees
Athletics.
Brother Rice competes in the Chicago Catholic League (CCL), and is a member of the Illinois High School Association (IHSA), the organization which governs most sports and competitive activities in the state. The team is nicknamed the Crusaders. 
The school sponsors interscholastic teams in baseball, basketball, bass fishing, bowling, cross country, football, golf, soccer, swimming & diving, tennis, track & field, volleyball, water polo, and wrestling. While not sponsored by the IHSA, the school also sponsors teams in ice hockey and rugby. The Brother Rice rugby team has won nine state championships and one national championship since the teams formation.
The following teams have won their respective state tournaments sponsored by the IHSA:
Prior to the IHSA sponsoring water polo in 2002, Brother Rice won 13 state titles (1980, 1981, 1982, 1983, 1984, 1985, 1986, 1988, 1989, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1998).
The Chicago Catholic League's ice hockey champion wins the Kennedy Cup, an award that has been contested since 1964; the oldest high school ice hockey prize in Illinois. Brother Rice has won this award five times (1970, 1971, 1972, 1976, 2001).
The Prep Bowl pits the Chicago Catholic League champion versus the Chicago Public League champion, in a football game played at Soldier Field. Brother Rice has appeared in eight Prep Bowls (1975, 1980, 1992, 1994, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2012), having won five, which is the 4th most of all-time.

</doc>
<doc id="2925433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925433" title="Falces">
Falces

Falces is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain. In Basque the town is called "Faltzes". It has a population of around 2500 inhabitants. It is well known for the famous "encierro del pilon", which is a running of the bulls made even more dangerous due to it being run down a narrow road of a steep hill.

</doc>
<doc id="2925434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925434" title="Fitero">
Fitero

Fitero is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.
The Monastery of Fitero is situated here.

</doc>
<doc id="2925436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925436" title="Igisoro">
Igisoro

Igisoro is a two player game in the mancala family. It is a variant of the Omweso game of the Baganda people (Uganda), and it is played primarily in Burundi and Rwanda. Igisoro, like Omweso and other mancalas from Eastern Africa such as Bao, is played with an 4×8 board of pits and 64 seeds. A player's territory is the two rows of pits closest to them. 
Start.
The starting position is shown below; Each player starts with 4 seeds in each pit in the back row of their territory.
However, any or both players may decide to start by seeds in fore row, or some seeds in fore and other in back row depending on the wish 
of the player.
Turns.
On his turn, a player chooses a pit containing seeds in their territory and sows them placing one seed in each pit as s/he moves counter-clockwise around his territory. The board below shows the state after the first player chose to move the seeds from the pit highlighted in yellow.
At the end of a turn, there are two ways in which the players turn may continue:
Only for a direct pick or catch, a player starting from, or arriving at the pits highlighted in yellow below may choose to move counter-clockwise. When s/he starts from any other pit, s/he may only move counter-clockwise.
Completion.
The game is over and a player has lost when he or she can not sow any of his or her seeds.

</doc>
<doc id="2925437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925437" title="John Cafferty &amp; The Beaver Brown Band">
John Cafferty &amp; The Beaver Brown Band

John Cafferty & The Beaver Brown Band is the name of an American rock band from Rhode Island which began its career in the 1970s and achieved mainstream success in the 1980s. Originally known as simply Beaver Brown, who they got their name from longtime friend William Bosworth. classic lineup of the group (consisting of John Cafferty on vocals and guitar, Gary Gramolini on lead guitar, Pat Lupo on bass, Kenny Jo Silva on drums, Bobby Cotoia on keyboards, and Michael "Tunes" Antunes on saxophone) started out as a New England bar band based in Narragansett, Rhode Island and established a following up and down the Northeast corridor with strongholds in the beach resort towns of Narragansett and Misquamicut, Rhode Island; New York City; New Haven, Connecticut; Boston, Massachusetts; and Asbury Park, New Jersey.
History.
They first achieved success with a 1980 self-released single pairing two of their songs, "Wild Summer Nights" and "Tender Years" which sold over 10,000 copies and enjoyed radio play up and down the Atlantic seaboard. Despite their success, the act was ignored by the major labels due to persistent critical comparisons to Bruce Springsteen & The E Street Band. They finally achieved international success when producer Kenny Vance, a longtime fan, offered them the score to a movie soundtrack he was helming based on a best-selling novel about a legendary bar band, "Eddie & The Cruisers." Thanks to frequent airings of the film on HBO and the purchase of the soundtrack album by their established fanbase as well as hundreds of thousands of new converts, "Eddie & The Cruisers - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack" reached the top 10 on the Billboard 200 chart and produced a number 7 hit single ("On the Dark Side") on the Billboard Hot 100. "On the Dark Side" also held number-one on the Album Rock Tracks chart for five weeks. The album was eventually certified triple Platinum by the RIAA.
The group's 1985 follow-up album "Tough All Over" made the top 50, enjoying great sales for "C.I.T.Y." and the title track, which became their second number-one single on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart. Another song from that album, "Voice of America's Sons," was the featured theme song on the official motion picture soundtrack of the movie "Cobra", starring Sylvester Stallone and Cafferty's solo track "Hearts on Fire" was featured in another Stallone film, "Rocky IV".
The band's next album, the self-produced "Roadhouse," sold well to their fan base but did not reach the sales heights of "Tough All Over." In 1989, they followed it with the score to an "Eddie" sequel, "" which became their last major label release of new material.
Several personnel changes occurred over the next few years with Kenny Jo Silva departing in 1992 and Pat Lupo in 1994 to be replaced, respectively, by Jackie Santos, formerly of Tavares, and Dean Cassell. Bobby Cotoia had been forced to retire from the road during the 1990s due to an illness but remained an active member of the group in the studio. His on-stage replacement was Steve Burke who remains in the lineup. Cotoia died on September 3, 2004.
John Cafferty & The Beaver Brown Band remains a top concert attraction and continue to tour. Their music has appeared on the soundtracks of several major motion pictures including the "There's Something About Mary".
External links.
Official website:
Rhode Island Music Hall Of Fame (RIMHOF):
RIMHOF Historical Archive Full Biography/Complete Discography:

</doc>
<doc id="2925439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925439" title="Fontellas">
Fontellas

Fontellas is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925444" title="Fustiñana">
Fustiñana

Fustiñana is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925445" title="Matt Utai">
Matt Utai

Matthew Utai (born 25 May 1981 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a professional rugby league footballer. A New Zealand and Samoa international representative three-quarter back, he previously played for the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs, with whom he won the 2004 NRL premiership and the Wests Tigers.
Playing career.
Utai was a Berala Bears junior and came through the development squads at the Canterbury Bulldogs. In 2000, Utai started the year in Jersey Flegg, but his form warranted promotion to the Reserve Grade side and he played in 16 matches including scoring two tries in the Grand Final victory against the Penrith Panthers.
Making his NRL debut in 2002 season, he scored 13 tries in 21 appearances and played in only 2 losses all year. However, the club did not play in the semis because of salary cap breaches. He was named the Dally M Rookie of the Year. In 2003, he scored 21 tries in 27 games, including scoring triples in three consecutive games.
Near the end of 2004, Utai scored 11 tries in the space of 7 games. He was a member of the Bulldogs' Premiership-winning team, playing in the 2004 NRL grand final on the wing in their 16–13 win over Sydney Roosters, scoring two tries in the match.
In a 2006 match Utai became the first player that season to be sent off, for a swinging arm on the Wests Tigers' Stuart Flanagan. Utai was suspended for five weeks.
In 2009 Utai spent most of the season playing for the Bankstown City side in the NSW Cup. He became the only Bulldogs player to win five premierships across all grades when Bankstown City won the grand final that year.
He originally signed the Crusaders Super League club for 2010 but failed to recover from a knee injury. Instead Utai joined NSW Country Rugby League Club, Young in Group 9. Utai was then released from Young and joined the Auburn Warriors. He would have signed with the Wests Tigers but Welsh Super League club Crusaders demanded a compensation fee of $130,000.
Utai joined the Wests Tigers in 2011, making his first appearance in the first round of the season. He was a regular on the wing throughout the season, and was re-signed for 2012, and signed a one year extension in October 2012.
Representative career.
Utai was selected to represent the New Zealand National Team on four occasions between 2002 and 2005, all matches against Australia. 
Utai is of Samoan descent and made himself available for Samoa's 2008 Rugby League World Cup campaign. He was named in the Samoa squad, and went on to score two tries in his three appearances on the wing.

</doc>
<doc id="2925446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925446" title="Cymbopogon ambiguus">
Cymbopogon ambiguus

Cymbopogon ambiguus, or Australian lemon-scented grass, is a member of the family Gramineae. It has fragrant, bluish green grey leaves and fluffy seed heads. It is self-fertile.
Cultivation.
C. ambiguus needs a sunny position. It can tolerate extreme dryness once established. Propagation is by division of clumps or from seed. Lemon grass can be grown in any soil and needs very little water. It grows to a height of . Do cut regularly for a luxuriant growth.
Medical.
Lemon grass is used in tea as it has a calming and soothing effect on digestion and stress.

</doc>
<doc id="2925452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925452" title="Gallipienzo">
Gallipienzo

Gallipienzo is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925455" title="Gavriil Musicescu">
Gavriil Musicescu

Gavriil Musicescu (born Muzychenko) (March 20, 1847, Izmail, Bessarabia Governorate, now in Ukraine – December 21, 1903, Iași, Romania) was a Romanian composer, conductor and musicologist, father of the pianist and musical pedagogue Florica Musicescu. 
Born in Budjak region, southern Bessarabia, he studied music and composition in Saint Petersburg and Iași. He is the author of numerous compositions of choral music. Musicescu settled in Romania and, from 1872 until his death in 1903, taught at the Iași Conservatory.

</doc>
<doc id="2925456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925456" title="Gallués – Galoze">
Gallués – Galoze

Gallués – Galoze is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925460" title="Robert Duffield">
Robert Duffield

Robert Duffield was born 16 August 1935. He was a journalist who served as foreign editor of The Australian from 1968 until 1974. His single most memorable work was "Rogue Bull", a 1979 biography of Lang Hancock. Duffield won the Clarion Prize at the 1988 WA Media Awards. He spent his last years as a lecturer at Curtin University. He died in August 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="2925462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925462" title="Garaioa">
Garaioa

Garaioa is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925464" title="Garde, Spain">
Garde, Spain

Garde is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925465" title="Philosophy and religion in Star Wars">
Philosophy and religion in Star Wars

George Lucas' creation of the "Star Wars" saga was influenced by certain elements widespread in mythology, philosophy and religion.
Elements of "Star Wars" have been compared to practices and beliefs in many major religions, including Christianity, such as the themes of redemption, Taoism, Buddhism, Hinduism and Islam . Conversely, concepts from the films have also been used to highlight philosophical issues in the areas of ethics, metaphysics, truth, and faith. For example, "The Dharma of Star Wars" (2005) uses tropes from the Star Wars franchise to explain Buddhism.

</doc>
<doc id="2925466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925466" title="Future Cop">
Future Cop

Future Cop may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2925467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925467" title="Garralda">
Garralda

Garralda is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925471" title="David Faiumu">
David Faiumu

David Faiumu (born 30 April 1983 in Wellington, New Zealand) is a professional rugby league footballer for the Huddersfield Giants of Super League. A Samoa and New Zealand international representative forward, he previously played in the National Rugby League for the North Queensland Cowboys.
Playing career.
Faiumu played from the interchange bench in the North Queensland Cowboys' first ever Grand Final in 2005 which they lost to the Wests Tigers. Faiumu was selected to play for the New Zealand national team from the interchange bench in the 2007 ANZAC Test loss against Australia.
On 7 June 2008, It was announced that Faiumu had been granted a release from his contract with the Cowboys and was expected to sign with the Huddersfield Giants which he did. whilst he has been playing for Huddersfield he has turned into a fans favorite and they have made up a chant going; 'he steps to left, he steps to the right, david faiumu he'll make you look s***e' 
He was named in the Samoa training squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup.
David Faiumu was selected for the Exiles squad for the Rugby League International Origin Match against England at Headingley on 10 
June 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="2925473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925473" title="Garínoain">
Garínoain

Garínoain is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925476" title="Kafa">
Kafa


</doc>
<doc id="2925478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925478" title="Genevilla">
Genevilla

Genevilla is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925479" title="Urus-Martan">
Urus-Martan

Urus-Martan (; or ) is a town and the administrative center of Urus-Martanovsky District of the Chechen Republic, Russia, located on the Martan River. Population: 
Geography.
The town is located in the central part of the republic, to the southwest of the capital Grozny.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Urus-Martan serves as the administrative center of Urus-Martanovsky District. As an administrative division, it is incorporated within Urus-Martanovsky District as Urus-Martan Town Administration. As a municipal division, Urus-Martan Town Administration is incorporated within Urus-Martanovsky Municipal District as Urus-Martanovskoye Urban Settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="2925480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925480" title="Goizueta">
Goizueta

Goizueta may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="2925490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925490" title="Goñi">
Goñi

Goñi is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925491" title="Foxer">
Foxer

Foxer, was the codename for a British built acoustic decoy, used to confuse German acoustic homing torpedoes like the G7es torpedo during the Second World War. A US version codenamed FXR was deployed in 1943. A Canadian version was also built called the CAT (Counter-Acoustic Torpedo). It was replaced in US service by the Fanfare noisemaker.
The device consisted of one or two noise making devices towed several hundred metres behind the ship. The noise makers mechanically generated huge amounts of noise, far more than produced by the ship itself. This noise seduced the simple guidance mechanisms of acoustic torpedoes away from the rear of the ship into a circling pattern around the noise maker until the torpedo ran out of fuel. 
Development.
By 1943 Allied intelligence sources indicated that Germany had produced a passive acoustic homing torpedo, which homed on the sound produced by a ship's propeller as it moved through the water. To counter this threat various countermeasures were considered. There was already a towed noise maker developed to mine-sweep for acoustic mines, consisting of two steel bars fixed parallel, with a gap between them to allow water to flow between, and towed perpendicular to the flow of water. The water flowing between the two bars caused them to flex and bang together generating far more noise than the towing ship above 1kHz. This noisemaker produced around 20 decibels more noise than the towing ship, and would last for around 25 hours when towed at 12 knots. 
The US developed this existing noise-maker into the FXR, which was to be towed singly around 500 feet behind the ship. This entered production by July 1943. The single noise-maker however would only work effectively if the torpedo was equally sensitive to sounds from both the front and rear. If a torpedo passed directly over the noise-maker from the rear the ship itself would be directly ahead, if the torpedo had a reduced sensitivity to noise from behind, it might ignore the greater output from the noise-maker, and proceed to home on the ship. 
After successful attacks on ships in Convoy ONS 18 and Convoy ON 22 in which nine ships were sunk, more detailed studies were begun into the torpedo behaviour. These studies revealed that against a torpedo with reduced sensitivity to the rear (described by its sensitivity pattern as a Cosθ torpedo), a single towed noise-maker would not be sufficiently effective.
Description.
The Foxer consisted of one or more 3,000 lb (1,360 kg) arrangements of hollow metal pipes with holes cut in them. These were towed through the water about behind the ship. The water rushing through the holes and the pipes banging together created cavitation noise, much greater than that coming from the ship's propeller. This worked because the German homing torpedoes were tuned to home in on the sound frequencies generated by cavitation, and to home in on the loudest cavitation sound.
The Germans U-boat crews called it the "Kreissäge" (circular saw) or "Rattatelboje" ("rattle buoy"), estimated the volume of noise generated by Foxer at 10 to 100 times greater than that generated by a ship.
The limitations of the system were that it could not be towed faster than 14 knots (26 km/h) and because of the noise it effectively rendered the towing ship's sonar useless. The drums also wore out quickly and the sound could be heard underwater over a long distance giving away the position of the towing ship to U-boats searching for convoys.
In the closing stages of the war the Germans developed the T11 "Zaunkoenig II" torpedo, designed to ignore towed decoys and noisemakers. However, it was never fired.

</doc>
<doc id="2925493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925493" title="Guesálaz – Gesalatz">
Guesálaz – Gesalatz

Guesálaz is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925496" title="Alexandru Moşanu">
Alexandru Moşanu

Alexandru Moşanu (born on July 19, 1932 in Branişte, Rîşcani) is a Moldovan politician, historian and professor.
Biography.
Alexandru Moşanu was born on July 19, 1932 in Branişte, Romania (now in Rîşcani district, Moldova). He was the first speaker of the Parliament of the Republic of Moldova between 1990 and 1993. He was also one of the co-authors of Moldova's 1991 Declaration of Independence. 
Moşanu is the author of over 100 works on the history of Moldova and Romania. His most important contribution as an author is a study on Romanian historiography published in Moscow in 1988. Member of the Romanian Academy. Between 2002 and 2005 Mosanu was the Honorary Chairman of the Social Liberal Party (Moldova). 
He is a leader of the Democratic Forum of Romanians in Moldova.

</doc>
<doc id="2925499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925499" title="Guirguillano">
Guirguillano

Guirguillano is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925510" title="Güesa – Gorza">
Güesa – Gorza

Güesa – Gorza is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925514" title="Hiriberri/Villanueva de Aezkoa">
Hiriberri/Villanueva de Aezkoa

Hiriberri/Villanueva de Aezkoa is a town and municipality located in the north of Navarre. It belongs to the Valley of Aezkoa, together with several villages.

</doc>
<doc id="2925519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925519" title="Huarte/Uharte">
Huarte/Uharte

Huarte or Uharte is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925523" title="Paul Rauhihi">
Paul Rauhihi

Paul Rauhihi (born 3 July 1973 in Porirua, New Zealand) is a retired professional rugby league footballer who represented his country. Rauhihi played in both the National Rugby League and Super League at prop forward.
Playing career.
New Zealand Career.
Rauhihi's junior clubs were the Cottingham Tigers and St George club in Wellington. He then joined the New Zealand Navy and played for the Northcote Tigers and North Harbour Sea Eagles before becoming an Auckland Warriors junior in 1994. Rauhihi was part of the Northcote side that won the Fox Memorial in 1994. After leaving the Navy to concentrate on his rugby league career, Rauhihi played in 17 reserve grade games for the Warriors in 1996 and was a part of the Reserve Grade side that lost the 1997 grand final.
In 1998 he played for Taranaki before signing with the Melbourne Storm.
Australian career.
Rauhihi then signed with the Newcastle Knights in 1999. He made his first grade debut against Wests at EnergyAustralia Stadium on 27 June. 
He later moved to the Bulldogs. 
Rauhihi then moved to the North Queensland Cowboys, winning the club's player of the year award in 2003. He also captained the side due to regular captain Paul Bowman being out with injury in 2004, and also when Travis Norton was out due to injury in 2005. He played at prop forward in the 2005 NRL Grand Final, the Cowboys' first, which they lost to the Wests Tigers.
English career.
Rauhihi moved to England after the 2005 grand final loss, joining the Warrington Wolves where he was given the number 10 jersey. In 2009, after a number of seasons plagued by back injury, Rauhihi retired.
Representative career.
In 1996 Rauhihi played for the New Zealand Māori side that toured PNG and then competed in the Pacific Challenge Series. In 2000 he was part of the side in the World Cup. 
Between 2002 and 2005 he played in seventeen matches for the New Zealand Kiwis, including captaining the side in the 2004 Tr-nations series due to an injury to Ruben Wiki. He was also part of the 2005 Tri Nations squad that won the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="2925525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925525" title="Ibargoiti">
Ibargoiti

Ibargoiti is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925529" title="Igantzi">
Igantzi

Igantzi is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925531" title="Isaiah Sellers">
Isaiah Sellers

Isaiah Sellers (ca. 1802–1864) was the riverboat captain from whom Samuel L. Clemens claimed to have appropriated the pen-name Mark Twain. The story of how Clemens started to use the name is told in chapter 50 of "Life on the Mississippi" and is summarized in the main article on Mark Twain. Since there are a few problems with the chronology of Sellers' death and Clemens' first use of the name, the story is not accepted uncritically by Twain scholars. Captain Isaiah Sellers is buried at Bellefontaine Cemetery in St. Louis, Missouri.

</doc>
<doc id="2925532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925532" title="Igúzquiza">
Igúzquiza

Igúzquiza is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925533" title="Imotz">
Imotz

Imotz is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925534" title="Wang Zhenhe">
Wang Zhenhe

Wang Zhenhe (Wang Chen-ho, 王禎和) (1940-1990) is one of Taiwan's most famous writers. Wang's masterpiece is the comic novel "Rose, Rose, I Love you"(《玫瑰﹐玫瑰我愛你》), which is set in the coastal town of Hualien during the Vietnam War. The novel's plot centers on the efforts of the town's leaders to come together to set up a brothel to entertain a group of American GIs coming to Taiwan for R&R. Wang is considered the foremost representative of the "nativist literature movement" (鄉土文學運動) that swept Taiwan in the 1970s and 80s.

</doc>
<doc id="2925537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925537" title="Irañeta">
Irañeta

Irañeta is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925541" title="Irurtzun">
Irurtzun

Irurtzun is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925542" title="High school dropouts">
High school dropouts

Dropping out means leaving a school or group for practical reasons, necessities, or disillusionment with the system from which the individual in question leaves. 
Most commonly, dropping out refers to a student quitting school before he or she graduates or avoiding entering a university. It cannot always be ascertained that a student has dropped out, as he or she may stop attending without terminating enrollment. It is estimated 1.2 million students annually drop out of high school in the United States, where high school graduation rates rank 19th in the world. Reasons are varied and may include: to find employment, avoid bullying, family emergency, poor grades, depression and other mental illnesses, unexpected pregnancy, bad environment, lack of freedom, and boredom from lack of lessons relevant to their desired occupations. "The Silent Epidemic: Perspectives of High School Dropouts" by Civic Enterprises explores reasons students leave school without graduating. The consequences of dropping out of school can have long-term economic and social repercussions. Students who drop out of school in the United States are more likely to be unemployed, homeless, receiving welfare and incarcerated. A four-year study in San Francisco found that 94 percent of young murder victims were high school dropouts. 
Dropout recovery.
A dropout recovery initiative is any community, government, non-profit or business program in which students who have previously left school are sought out for the purpose of re-enrollment. In the United States, such initiatives are often focused on former high school students who are still young enough to have their educations publicly subsidized, generally those 22 years of age and younger. 
Dropout recovery programs can be initiated in traditional "brick-and-mortar" institutions of learning, in community centers or online.
United States.
The United States Department of Education's measurement of the "status" dropout rate is the percentage of 16-24 year olds who are not enrolled in school and have not earned a high school credential. This rate is different from the event dropout rate and related measures of the status completion and average freshman completion rates. The status high school dropout rate in 2009 was 8.1%. There are many risk factors for high school dropout. These can be categorized into social and academic risk factors. Members of racial and ethnic minority groups drop out at higher rates than White students, as do those from low-income families, from single-parent households, and from families in which one or both parents also did not complete high school. Students at risk for dropout based on academic risk factors are those who often have a history of absenteeism and grade retention, academic trouble, and more general disengagement from school life. High school dropouts in the U.S. are more likely to be unemployed, have low-paying jobs, be incarcerated, have children at early ages and/or become single parents.

</doc>
<doc id="2925546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925546" title="Isaba">
Isaba

Isaba is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.
Is the main town of the Roncal valley and is sited in the Pirinees of the autonomous Region.
Pedro Echenique, the renowned physicist, was born in this town.

</doc>
<doc id="2925550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925550" title="Ituren">
Ituren

Ituren is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain. Ituren is in the Pyrenees, 56.5 km due north of Pamplona in the north of the Spanish autonomous region of Navarre. It is situated on the flood plain of the River Ezkurra, a tributary of the River Bidasoa, in the shadow of the Mendaur mountain (1060m) which is characterised by the tiny white-washed chapel of La Trinidad, on its summit.
Geography.
The territory of Ituren extends over an area of 15 km². In 2012 the village had a population of 518 inhabitants, a 10% increase over the past 10 years. In 2013, 64 children were enrolled at the village primary school which instructs the pupils in Basque (Euskera). The inhabitants of Ituren are distributed between 4 small dependent hamlets and isolated homesteads. These hamlets are Ituren, Aurtiz, and Lasaga on the valley floor and, the smallest of all, the higher mountain hamlet of Ameztia. The valley, extending east to west, is called Malerreka after the river.
Although there are extensive pastures, orchards of quince, apple, cherry, fig, and peach trees are common and the mountain slopes are partly covered with oak, chestnut, walnut, beech, and ash.
Urbanism.
Ituren is a traditional village built in typical Basque style with large, solid houses with steep-sloping red-tiled roofs and wooden balconies often decorated with geraniums. Many of them have distinctive pink sandstone markings around the doors and window frames, a common feature of Basque design. Some of the manor houses in the village have gothic details and date back to the 17th century.
Economy.
In 2013 the village had a butchers, a general supplies store, a chemists, a hair-dressers, two bars, a restaurant, and school. There are also numerous summer rental chalets and rural hotels as well as other tourism operators.
There are many small-scale family farms dedicated to pastoral farming in the area, the main animals being sheep and cows (both reared for their meat and milk). The indigenous long-haired breed of sheep, the Latxa, is very popular among the shepherds and many farmers still make sheep’s cheese from the unpasteurised milk. This is a local version of the acclaimed Domination of Origin Idiazabal cheese. Pigs and chickens are also reared on the farms and semi-wild herds of Potxoka horses roam the communally-owned higher mountain slopes. Other local produce include quince jam; "cuajada", also called "mamia" (sheep’s mild junket); and "Patxarran" (a sloe berry and aniseed liqueur).
Traditions.
Ituren is a predominantly Basque-speaking community, maintaining its Basque traditions. The annual fiesta is held during the third week of July and includes traditional Basque dancing and rural sports competitions.
In October wood-pigeon, wild boar hunting, and mushrooming are part of the local tradition. The neighbouring village of Elgorriaga holds a mushroom festival on the first Sunday of the month.
Carnival.
Ituren is by far best known for the ‘pagan’ carnival which it shares with the neighbouring village of Zubieta. This carnival takes place on the first Monday and Tuesday after the last Sunday in January and has earned international recognition with some anthropologists arguing that it is the oldest pre-Indo-European carnival in Europe. The protagonists are the called Joadunak ("Zanpanzar"). During the carnival the young men from the village, the "Joaldunak", don sheepskins and conical hats with ribbons; they carry horse hair whips and strap large cows bells around their waists which they ring in a deep, rhythmic and atavistic dirge. The rest of the villagers dress up as demons and witches who scatter in their wake as the carnival symbolises the eternal struggle between the forces of good and evil; light and darkness, winter and spring.
References.
"The Basque History of the World", Mark Kurlansky, 2000 pp 322–325
"Carnavales de Navarra", Francisco Javier Tibero, 1993 pp 34–38
"Iñauteria. El Carnaval Vasco". Jaun Garmendia Larrañaga. San Sebastian. Kutxa 1992
"Fiestas de Invierno en Navarra. Ituren y Navarra". Mikel Lizara. "Cuadernos de Etnologia y Etnografia", Pamplona, Principe de Viana 1974 no16 pp 43–58

</doc>
<doc id="2925553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925553" title="Iturmendi">
Iturmendi

Iturmendi is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925554" title="Jack Afamasaga">
Jack Afamasaga

Jack Taualii Afamasaga (born 2 June 1984 in Lower Hutt, New Zealand) is a New Zealand professional rugby league player of Samoan heritage, currently playing for the Western Suburbs Rosellas in the Newcastle Rugby League competition. He also spent time playing with the Parramatta Eels, Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles, Cronulla Sharks and more recently the Melbourne Storm in the National Rugby League, with stints in the local Queensland Cup and in France. His main position is second row.
Afamasaga is a cousin of Hurricanes and All Blacks player Ma'a Nonu. He is eligible to represent Samoa.
Childhood and early career.
Afamasaga originally began playing Rugby union in his youth, playing for the 1st XV team at Waiopehu College in Levin (the same high school attended by former All Black Carlos Spencer) and working his way up through several representative teams before he was eventually selected by the Wellington Hurricanes in their schoolboy team.
In 2002, at age 18, and after several seasons in the Hurricanes' youth system playing in the centres Afamasaga was spotted by Parramatta Eels rugby league scout Mark Horo and was signed to the Australian club on a development deal.
Parramatta Eels.
He began playing in the junior grades at the Parramatta club during the 2003 season, impressing with his skill, power and pace. Afamasago made his first grade debut during the 2004 season against the Wests Tigers at Leichhardt Oval. He then went on to play five games for the club and showed glimpses of the great potential he possessed eventually going on to win the Eric Grothe "Rookie of the Year" award.
During the next two seasons with the club, Afamasaga played another six games but could not hold down a permanent first-grade position.
Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles.
Afamasaga was offered a new deal at the Eels at the completion of the 2006 NRL season but signed for the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles instead, deciding to chase a regular first grade spot. He appeared in the 2007 Grand Final, which Manly lost to Melbourne.
However, after failing to crack a regular first-grade spot in 2008 (only playing 2 matches) he has now been released by Manly.
Melbourne Storm.
Afamasaga was signed to a trial deal with the Melbourne Storm for the rest of the 2011 season. Signed before the June 30 deadline, Afamasaga is now free to play with the Victorian side and their feeder team on the Cronulla Sharks. He had recently been playing in France for Racing Club Lescure-Arthès XIII and played in the Queensland Cup for the Wynnum Manly Seagulls in 2010.
Newcastle Rugby League.
After his stint with Storm, Afamasaga moved to Newcastle, New South Wales to play with the Western Suburbs Rosellas for the 2012 season.
Representative career.
In 2009 he was named as part of the Samoan side for the Pacific Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="2925555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925555" title="Iza, Spain">
Iza, Spain

Iza is a town located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925559" title="Izagaondoa">
Izagaondoa

Izagaondoa is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, in northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925562" title="Selwyn Snowfields">
Selwyn Snowfields

Selwyn Snowfields is a small ski resort in the northern part of the Snowy Mountains of New South Wales, Australia, in the Snowy River Shire and Kosciuszko National Park. Selwyn Snowfields is located near the town of Adaminaby and is close to Cabramurra, which is the highest town in Australia. 
History.
Selwyn Snowfields traces its origins to the skifields at nearby Kiandra, where skiing began in Australia around 1861. The more reliable snowcover at Selwyn saw the establishment of a portable rope tow on what is now the Township Run in 1966. The remaining ski facilities at Kiandra were finally transferred to Selwyn in 1978 (including Australia's first T-Bar, which had been installed at Kiandra in 1957). In 2009 a triple chairlift finally replaced the T-Bars on the Township Run at Selwyn Snowfields.
Resort Statistics.
Selwyn Snowfields is the most northerly of Australia's ski resorts with a base elevation of and a top elevation of AHD. The longest run at Selwyn Snowfields is the "Long Arm Run".
For the winter of 2009, Selwyn Snowfields comprised , with 11 lifts including chair lifts, pomas, t-bars, a platter and a rope tow (as well as one snow tube lift). The resort also advertises of marked cross country trails. Selwyn is well suited to families and first timers, with 88% of terrain catering to beginners and intermediates, however the steeper gradient of the "Racecourse Run" provides some more challenging terrain for advanced skiers and boarders. In 2007 some terrain park features were added to the blue run known as "Township".
A relatively low altitude means that the resort can have trouble maintaining a good natural snow cover during the very early and the latest stages of the ski season (June and September). The resort has developed extensive snowmaking facilities to combat this problem, and a state of the art Lenko System, with a virtually inexhaustible supply of water from nearby Three Mile Dam now services the resort. are today covered by snow-making and Selwyn Snowfields is often the first New South Wales ski resort to advertise "100% access" to the mountain. Gentle, grassy terrain makes it easier for Selwyn Snowfields to open its runs on a thinner snow cover than is the case at the higher, rockier resorts further south.
Nearest accommodation.
There is no public accommodation available at Selwyn Snowfields. Winter access to the skifields is via the Snowy Mountains Highway, from Talbingo in the west or Adaminaby in the east. Limited guest accommodation is provided at nearby Cabramurra. The closest major tourist accommodation is at the holiday village of Providence Portal on the upper reaches of Lake Eucumbene between Adaminaby and Kiandra. 
Wolgal Hut at Kiandra was re-opened in 2012 for public accommodation as part of the rejuvenation of Kiandra by NSW National Parks & Wildlife Service (NPWS). The ski and fishing hut was built in the 1960s and is located close to the foot of the original Kiandra ski slopes. It is one of the four remaining historic buildings of the abandoned gold rush town which have been the subject of restoration work.

</doc>
<doc id="2925566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925566" title="Izalzu – Itzaltzu">
Izalzu – Itzaltzu

Izalzu – Itzaltzu is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925568" title="CACH">
CACH

The Chicago Area Consolidation Hub (CACH) is a package sorting hub for United Parcel Service. Located approximately southwest of downtown Chicago, the facility is in two municipalities. Five-sixths of the UPS properties lie within the Village of Hodgkins, Illinois, with one-sixth being situated in the neighboring Village of Willow Springs. All of its fire, police and infrastructure are attached to Hodgkins. A public shipping and receiving facility is in Willow Springs while the huge transfer and loading facilities are in Hodgkins. This facility serves as a central sorting facility for packages traversing the country and internationally. Construction of the CACH facility began in November 1991 at the site previously occupied by the GM Truck and Bus manufacturing plant. The facility has an area of , and has a perimeter of . It employs over 8,000 people across four shifts. Packages are only handled during loading and unloading - all sorting takes place through a complex system of conveyor belts and push paddles, utilizing high-speed cameras to read the destination from a smart label to sort a package to its outgoing trailer. While the facility does not service package cars, the facility sorts approximately 1.6 million packages per day. During the months of November and December, volume can exceed 2 million packages per day. UPS's web tracking system used to list the CACH as "CACH, IL." Since there is no city named CACH, this confused customers. UPS now lists the hub as "HODGKINS, IL" or "Hodgkins, IL." UPS also has a location called "Hodgkins, IN" that is sometimes confused with the one in Hodgkins, IL. It is a place where trailers switch in between singles, doubles, and triples, because the Illinois turnpike doesn't allow some or all multiple trailers and the Indiana turnpike does. The facility is located in Hammond, IN at I-90 (Indiana Toll Road) (Indiana Hwy 5) & Calumet Ave (U. S. Hwy 41) off of the eastbound freeway entrance ramp (41.643958,-87.509272). http://goo.gl/maps/PZTdC It is informally called West Point by UPS. There's another UPS truck parking lot south of the nearby Public Storage. 
Sections.
Primary.
Incoming trailers dock at the primary section of CACH, located in the center of the facility. There are 174 bays in this section, separated into sections of three, called p-modules. Here, packages and bags of small packages are taken out of trailers and put on movable electronic conveyor belts. Individual small packages are put in tote boxes and sent to the small sort section of the building. The packages are then read in a tunnel by 16 scanners and a camera, which signals a series of paddles to divert the packages onto other belts. When a tote box is scanned, the tote is diverted to the small sort on the mezzanine, or second level of the building. Items that are not diverted go onto recirculation belts or the DA (Data Acquisition), which relabels packages. Bulk and irregular packages are unloaded from the primary section and put on one of two separate belts to be sorted.
Smalls sort.
The smalls sort is a "hub within a hub" at CACH, and operates by unloading incoming bags and distributing them into other bags. Smalls bags are debagged at the east/west boundary and a series of loop belts on the mezzanine. All smalls are sent to a series of "bullfrogs" (sorting machines). The smallsort contains 14 bullfrogs, including primary and secondary levels of bullfrogs. Smalls packages are organized and sent to inductors to place smalls packages on a conveyor of "lilypads." The smalls are read in a tunnel and diverted into their appropriate bags. Once bags are filled, they are placed on a belt to be sent to the outbound area to be loaded and the full bag is replaced by an empty bag.
Outbounds.
After sorting is complete, packages proceed to the loading docks, which are located in the outbound area. There are 10 outbound "fingers" at CACH, located on opposite ends of the facility. Each outbound contains four docks with 21 bays each (except for outbounds 1 and 2, which contain 6 docks each), for a total of 1058 loading bays. Outbounds 2 and 9 are used for backup or as extra bays during peak season. Packages coming out of the primary are sorted into secondaries, which divide packages to be sent to the front or back of the outbounds and then to the two docks on either side. From there, packages are read, scanned, and diverted down a chute and into trailers to be sent out. 
Once a trailer is loaded, it is transported to another hub or package delivery center. Trailers are usually pulled by trucks, starting at the UPS exit on I-294, the Chicago bypass. Trailers bound for more distant locales are moved by highly skilled "shifter" drivers to the adjoining railyard and are loaded onto trains at a BNSF Railway intermodal freight yard adjacent to CACH.

</doc>
<doc id="2925572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925572" title="Jaurrieta">
Jaurrieta

Jaurrieta or Eaurta is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925573" title="A Graveyard for Lunatics">
A Graveyard for Lunatics

A Graveyard for Lunatics: Another tale of two cities is a mystery novel by Ray Bradbury, published in 1990. It is the second in a series of three mystery novels that Bradbury wrote featuring a fictionalized version of the author himself as the unnamed narrator.
The novel is set in 1954, when the narrator is working as a writer at a Hollywood motion picture studio, Maximus Films, and reflects Bradbury's experiences working on the movies "It Came from Outer Space", "King of Kings", and "Something Wicked This Way Comes". The studio shares a back wall with an adjoining cemetery (as Paramount Studios really does with Hollywood Forever Cemetery), and most of the story takes place in those two locations.
Two of the novel's characters, stop motion animator Roy Holdstrom and autocratic director Fritz Wong, were based on Bradbury's friends Ray Harryhausen and Fritz Lang + James Wong Howe. Another character, the shy, blond-haired autograph collector Clarence, may be an alternate autobiographical portrait of Bradbury, who as a teenager waited outside Hollywood studios for glimpses of movie stars.
It was preceded by the novel "Death Is a Lonely Business", set in 1949, and followed by "Let's All Kill Constance", set in 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="2925575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925575" title="Metalorganic vapour phase epitaxy">
Metalorganic vapour phase epitaxy

Metalorganic vapour phase epitaxy (MOVPE), also known as organometallic vapour phase epitaxy (OMVPE) or metalorganic chemical vapour deposition (MOCVD), is a chemical vapour deposition method used to produce single or polycrystalline thin films. It is a highly complex process for growing crystalline layers to create complex semiconductor multilayer structures. In contrast to molecular beam epitaxy (MBE) the growth of crystals is by chemical reaction and not physical deposition. This takes place not in a vacuum, but from the gas phase at moderate pressures (10 to 760 Torr). As such, this technique is preferred for the formation of devices incorporating thermodynamically metastable alloys, and it has become a major process in the manufacture of optoelectronics.
Basic principles of the MOCVD process.
In MOCVD ultra pure gases are injected into a reactor and finely dosed to deposit a very thin layer of atoms onto a semiconductor wafer. Surface reaction of organic compounds or metalorganics and hydrides containing the required chemical elements creates conditions for crystalline growth - epitaxy of materials and compound semiconductors. Unlike traditional silicon semiconductors, these semiconductors may contain combinations of Group III and Group V, Group II and Group VI, Group IV, or Group IV, V and VI elements. 
For example, indium phosphide could be grown in a reactor on a heated substrate by introducing trimethylindium ((CH3)3In) and phosphine (PH3) in a first step. The heated organic precursor molecules decompose in the absence of oxygen - pyrolysis. Pyrolysis leaves the atoms on the substrate surface in the second step. The atoms bond to the substrate surface and a new crystalline layer is grown in the last step. Formation of this epitaxial layer occurs at the substrate surface. 
Required pyrolysis temperature increases with increasing chemical bond strength of the precursor. The more carbon atoms are attached to the central metal atom the weaker the bond. The diffusion of atoms on the substrate surface is affected by atomic steps on the surface. 
The vapor pressure of the metal organic source is an important consideration in MOCVD, since it determines the concentration of the source material in the reaction and the deposition rate.
MOCVD reactor components.
In the metal organic chemical vapor deposition (MOCVD) technique, reactant gases are combined at elevated temperatures in the reactor to cause a chemical interaction, resulting in the deposition of materials on the substrate. 
Semiconductors grown by MOCVD.
Environment, Health and Safety.
As MOCVD has become well-established production technology, there are equally growing concerns associated with its bearing on personnel and community safety, environmental impact and maximum quantities of hazardous materials (such as gases and metalorganics) permissible in the device fabrication operations. The safety as well as responsible environmental care have become major factors of paramount importance in the MOCVD-based crystal growth of compound semiconductors.

</doc>
<doc id="2925576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925576" title="Javier, Spain">
Javier, Spain

Javier (Xavier in Romance or Xabier in Basque) is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain, with a population of 112. The name is the Romanized form of the original "Etxaberri" (Basque for "new house").
It is renowned for being home to the Castle of Xavier, partially demolished in 1516 and later restored, and an attached Basilica.

</doc>
<doc id="2925581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925581" title="Miranda Kerr">
Miranda Kerr

Miranda May Kerr (born 20 April 1983) is an Australian model. Kerr rose to prominence in 2007 as one of the Victoria's Secret Angels. She is the first Australian to participate in the Victoria's Secret campaign and also represented the Australian up-market department store chain David Jones. In addition, Kerr has launched her own brand of organic skincare products, KORA Organics, and released a self-help book, "Treasure Yourself".
Kerr began modelling in the fashion industry when she was 13, starting at Chaay's Modelling Agency, and subsequently won a 1997 Australian nationwide model search hosted by "Dolly" magazine and Impulse fragrances. She married English actor Orlando Bloom in 2010; they have since separated.
Early life.
Kerr was born in Sydney and was raised in the small town of Gunnedah, New South Wales. She is the daughter of Therese and John Kerr. Therese has been the general manager of Sydney-based KORA Organics since February 2010. She has a brother, Matthew, who is two years younger. In an interview, Kerr stated that her ancestry is mostly English with smaller amounts of Scottish and French. During her childhood, Kerr "raced motorbikes and rode horses on her grandmother's farm". She describes her early life in the Australian countryside as "very grounding ... there wasn't any pretentiousness and no one really cared what you were wearing. You could just be you."
Her family moved to Brisbane to allow Kerr and her brother to experience city life. She graduated from All Hallows' School in 2000. Kerr studied nutrition and health psychology before pursuing modelling.
Career.
1997–2006.
At age 13, Kerr entered and won the 1997 annual "Dolly" magazine/Impulse model competition. She was flown to Sydney a week before her 14th birthday to shoot for the magazine. Upon Kerr's win, local media expressed "concerned outrage" at her young age. The controversy raised concerns about the glorification of young girls within the fashion, beauty, and entertainment industries.
Some media outlets claimed her "Dolly" shoot (including images of a 14-year-old Kerr in bathing suits) constituted a form of paedophilia . Of the press, Kerr said: "In the media at the time they were trying to cling on to anything remotely to do with paedophilia. "Dolly" is a magazine for teenage girls, not for old men. And I was fully clothed! Doing a winter shoot! They just made something out of nothing."
Kerr signed to Chic Management's Sydney division. She received considerable commercial exposure after a series of beachwear ads predominantly for Australian surf chain Billabong, in which Kerr modelled surf brands Tigerlily, Roxy, Billabong Girls, and One Teaspoon. This increased her profile in the Australian and Asian markets, after which Kerr relocated to New York where she became co-owner of the Bowery Ballroom.
In New York, Kerr had a multitude of runway appearances and then signed with NEXT Model Management in early 2004. From there, she was booked for runway and print campaigns for major labels, including Alex Perry, Baby Phat, Lisa Ho, Voodoo Dolls, Levi's, Bettina Liano, Nicola Finetti, L.A.M.B., Heatherette, Betsey Johnson, Trelise Cooper, Jets, John Richmond, Blumarine Swimwear, Neiman Marcus, Seafolly Swimwear, Anna Molinari, Rock and Republic, Roberto Cavalli, and Ober Jeans. Kerr was also booked for print in magazines such as "Elle", Australian "Vogue" and "Harper's Bazaar", and was featured in television advertisements for brands like Portmans, Bonds, and Veet.
In early 2006, Kerr appeared in the finale episode of the TV show "Project Runway", modelling clothes for contestant Daniel Vosovic's final collection. She was the first woman to walk down the catwalk. She debuted with the United States market when she signed a lucrative cosmetics contract with Maybelline New York. The campaign ran in a series of internationally sold women's beauty magazines, including "Cosmopolitan", "CLEO", and "Elle", and was eventually featured in Victoria's Secret catalogues. Along with several other Victoria's Secret and Next agency models, Kerr was also featured in a music video for the American hip-hop single "Number One" by artists Kanye West and Pharrell.
2007–present.
Following her success with Maybelline, Kerr became the first Australian model to be offered a contract with Victoria's Secret in 2007, replacing Gisele Bündchen. Upon her acceptance, she became the first ever Australian Victoria's Secret Angel joining the stable of models already signed to the lingerie giant, including Alessandra Ambrosio, Karolína Kurková, Adriana Lima, Selita Ebanks, Izabel Goulart, and Heidi Klum. Before becoming an Angel in 2007, Kerr was already picked to become the successor of Alessandra Ambrosio as the face of PINK in 2006. Kerr's popularity continued to increase as one of the globally recognised Angels when she appeared in the Victoria's Secret 2006, 2007, 2008, and 2009 televised runway shows, which aired on four continents.
In 2007, Kerr had signed on as the face of Californian fashion retailer Arden B. After debuting in their Spring and Summer ad campaigns, Kerr returned for their Fall 2007 campaign, shot by fashion photographer Diego Uchitel. Following her modeling success with Victoria's Secret, Kerr made a small guest appearance in the CBS sitcom "How I Met Your Mother" alongside fellow Angels: Adriana Lima, Marisa Miller, Alessandra Ambrosio, Heidi Klum, and Selita Ebanks.
She also became the new face of Clinique Happy and signed a lucrative six-figure deal to be the new face of Australian department store David Jones, replacing model Megan Gale. In 2008, having earned an estimated $3.5 million in the past 12 months, "Forbes" placed Kerr tenth in the list of the world's top-earning models.
Since 2009, Kerr was in the spring/summer ad campaign for XOXO. She was in "Forbes" 2009 list of the world's highest-paid models, ranking 9th with estimated earnings of $3 million. She left NEXT Model Management and signed with IMG Models. Kerr posed nude on the cover of "Rolling Stone Australia"'s July 2009 issue. She then ended the year walking in the annual Victoria's Secret Fashion Show.
In October 2009, Kerr launched her own brand of organic skincare products, KORA Organics, with George Moskos, and became the face for the company.
In June 2009, Kerr posed naked, chained to a tree, for an issue of "Rolling Stone Australia" magazine, to raise awareness for the endangered koalas. Her charitable work includes Wildlife Warriors Worldwide and Children International. In August 2010, Kerr released an inspirational self-esteem, self-help book, "Treasure Yourself". "Treasure Yourself" is aimed at female teenagers.
She appeared in the 2010 Pirelli Calendar photographed by Terry Richardson in Bahia, Brazil. Previously better known for her Victoria's Secret status rather than her high fashion work, Balenciaga is credited for launching her high fashion modelling career when casting directors Ashley Brokaw and Nicolas Ghesquière chose her to walk exclusively for the brand's spring 2010 runway show. It was her first designer fashion show, aside from Victoria's Secret, since 2007. A season later she walked for design company Prada for their Fall 2010 collection in Milan alongside fellow Angels Doutzen Kroes and Alessandra Ambrosio. Kerr then modelled for campaigns for Prada and Jil Sander, and was shot by Steven Meisel for the cover of "Italian Vogue" for September.
In January 2011, Kerr became the first pregnant model for "Vogue" when featured in "Vogue" Australia, being six months pregnant at the time of the shoot. In March she hit the catwalk for Balenciaga's Fall 2011 Ready-to-Wear collection as part of Paris Fashion Week, two months after giving birth. Kerr also posed nude for a 2011 "Harper's Bazaar" photo shoot. In October at Paris Fashion Week SS12 she walked the runway for Christian Dior, Lanvin, Chanel, John Galliano, Stella McCartney, Viktor & Rolf and Loewe. Kerr was chosen to present the $2.5 million "Victoria's Secret Fantasy Treasure Bra" for their fashion show in November 2011.
In January 2012, she was named ambassador for Qantas. In June, Kerr signed a contract to represent Samantha Thavasa, promoting the brand's "Malissa" bag. In November, she was named the new face of high street brand Mango, replacing Kate Moss for its spring/summer 2013 campaign.
In March 2013, negotiations to renew her five-year contract with David Jones "fell through," leading to a peaceful split between the two parties. The following month, it was reported that Kerr's three-year, $1-million contract with Victoria's Secret was not being renewed. Anonymous sources claimed Kerr had a "difficult reputation" and was not "a big seller for VS"; however, Kerr's camp stated she was unable to commit the necessary time to the brand. In response, Victoria's Secret chief marketing officer Ed Razek stated he had already invited Kerr to walk in that year's fashion show.
She was ranked second in "Forbes" 2013 list of the world's highest-paid models, with estimated earnings of $7.2 million. In October, Kerr was named the face of Austrian crystal house Swarovski for their fall 2013 compaign, and that December she starred in social shopping website ShopStyle's first national campaign. 
In February, Kerr replaced Gisele Bundchen as the face of Swedish clothing brand H&M. She then featured in high-profile campaigns for Reebok and Wonderbra.
On 22 April 2014, Kerr released her first single on-line, featuring her and crooner Bobby Fox, in a cover of Elvis Presley's "You're The Boss".
Public image.
In February 2010, Kerr became the subject of global headlines when David Kiely, a banker at Macquarie Bank in Sydney, was caught viewing more explicit photos of her on his computer while in the background of a colleague's live television interview with Channel 7. Within days, a clip of the interview uploaded onto YouTube received over 1.3 million hits. Eventually, Kiely was suspended and an internet campaign launched on his behalf. Kerr herself gave him her backing: "I am told there is a petition to save his job, and of course I would sign it." The incident prompted a 100% increase in the number of Google searches for Kerr's name. A few days after the incident, Macquarie Bank announced that Kiely would keep his job.
Models.com ranks her number 4 on the Top 20 sexiest models. She has been ranked in "FHM"s '100 Sexiest Women' poll at No. 56 in 2009, No. 36 in 2010, and No. 44 in 2011. She was named one of the "100 Hottest Women of All-Time" by "Men's Health". She was named "Sexiest Woman Alive 2012" by "Esquire UK". She ranked No. 6 on AskMen's list of "Top 99 Women" for 2013.
Kerr's model trademark is her dimples. Celebrity photographer Russell James stated:
The US has fallen in love with her. We love her because she has the most incredible girl-next-door look and she's also insanely beautiful. It means women are not intimidated by her looks and guys think they might be able to talk to her. It's a fantastic combination ... people want to be around her; she's fun on a shoot … and she's not stupid, which can be a very annoying trait among some models.
Model agent Ursula Hufnagl described Kerr as "the perfect endorsement", citing her ability to "truly sell a product".
Personal life.
In 2003, Kerr began dating finance broker Adrian Camilleri. Following an Australian Securities and Investments Commission investigation, Camilleri was found guilty on five counts of fraudulent behaviour from February 2003 to February 2004. Kerr subsequently ended the relationship. A 2007 newspaper report claims that Kerr suffered financially "after taking her boyfriend's financial advice" but chose not to take legal action.
She formerly dated Jay Lyon (Brent Tuhtan), the lead singer of the band Tamarama, who has made appearances on season one of the MTV series "The City". Kerr starred in Tamarama's video clip for "Everything To Me". The two began dating in 2003 and had a four-year relationship, which ended on mutual terms in mid-2007.
Kerr began dating English actor Orlando Bloom in late 2007. In 2009, the Bling Ring broke into Bloom's home. The group stole luxury brand clothing and jewellery. In this case, the ringleader allegedly wanted Kerr's Victoria's Secret lingerie. Kerr and Bloom announced their engagement in June 2010, and they were married the following month. Kerr gave birth to their son, Flynn Christopher Blanchard Copeland Bloom, in January 2011. The middle name Christopher comes from Kerr's ex-boyfriend, Christopher Middlebrook who died in a car accident in 1998 when they were 15. In October 2013, Kerr and Bloom announced that they had separated several months earlier, and intend to end their marriage.
As of 2011, Kerr was practicing Nichiren Buddhism in the Soka Gakkai tradition and said, "we have a responsibility to bring peace and harmony to our lives and the world." As of 2007, Kerr chanted every morning and night, practiced yoga, meditated, and read widely on spirituality. In May 2014 she was reported as practicing Transcendental Meditation twice a day. She maintains her physique through daily yoga, light jogging, and a diet of steamed vegetables, fresh fruit, and fish. 
Kerr told readers of Australian "Cosmopolitan" that coconut oil was the key to her clear skin, shiny hair and trim figure, saying she ingests four tablespoons a day, either on salads, in her cooking or in her cups of green tea.
In 2014, Kerr indicated she was bisexual, claiming she "appreciates both men and women. I love the female body and truly appreciate the female form. I want to explore. Never say never."

</doc>
<doc id="2925585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925585" title="Juslapeña">
Juslapeña

Juslapeña is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925591" title="Nathan Cayless">
Nathan Cayless

Nathan Frederick Cayless (born 28 March 1978 in Sydney, New South Wales) is a retired New Zealand-Australian professional rugby league footballer, who was a long-time captain for the Parramatta Eels of the National Rugby League. His position of choice was prop forward. He is also a former captain of the New Zealand national team, whom he led to World Cup glory against Australia in 2008. He is the older brother of fellow New Zealand international Jason Cayless.
Background.
While attending Parramatta Marist High School, Nathan played for the Australian Schoolboys team in 1995 and 1996. However, he later chose to represent New Zealand at senior level.
Playing career.
Cayless was selected for the New Zealand team to compete in the end of season 1999 Rugby League Tri-Nations tournament. In the final against Australia he played from the interchange bench in the Kiwis' 22-20 loss. Cayless was part of the Kiwis squad for the 2000 Rugby League World Cup, in which they reached the final.
Cayless was selected to play for the New Zealand national team as a prop forward in the 2007 ANZAC Test loss against Australia.
Cayless captained New Zealand to victory in the 2008 Rugby League World Cup. Cayless became one of the New Zealand Kiwis' most-capped players, having appeared on 38 occasions by April 2009 when he retired from international rugby league, stating that he wanted to focus the rest of his football career on the Eels. With the Eels, he holds the record for the most games as captain of any team in the NRL. Cayless was never a prolific try-scorer; the most he ever scored in a season was 5. He also endured a scoring drought spanning over 80 games in his last several NRL seasons. In the final game of his career, Cayless finally brought the drought to an end, touching down in front of his home crowd. He also kicked a Field Goal in 2008 against the Newcastle Knights to send the match into extra time. Luke Burt then kicked the winning Field Goal.

</doc>
<doc id="2925600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925600" title="Lakuntza">
Lakuntza

Lakuntza () is a town and municipality located in the autonomous community of Navarra, in northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925602" title="Pulegone">
Pulegone

Pulegone is a naturally occurring organic compound obtained from the essential oils of a variety of plants such as "Nepeta cataria" (catnip), "Mentha piperita", and pennyroyal. It is classified as a monoterpene.
Pulegone is a clear colorless oily liquid and has a pleasant odor similar to pennyroyal, peppermint and camphor. It is used in flavoring agents, in perfumery, and in aromatherapy.
Toxicology.
It was reported that the chemical is toxic to rats if a large quantity is consumed. Asekun "et al." found that the chemical content of "Mentha longifolia" L was decreased by the treatments at high temperatures, suggesting that the herb should be oven dried or thoroughly cooked before consumption.
Pulegone is also an insecticide - the most powerful of 3 insecticides naturally occurring in many mint species. 

</doc>
<doc id="2925606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925606" title="Mythology of X (manga)">
Mythology of X (manga)

This article describes the fictional setting of the manga series "X". "X" takes place in the year 1999. The end of the world is fast approaching as superhuman individuals gather and take sides in the city of Tokyo, site for the battle of Armageddon.
Locations.
Mount Kōya.
Sorata is a monk from . Koya is a mountain in Wakayama prefecture to the south of Osaka and primarily known as the headquarters of the Shingon sect of Japanese Buddhism.
Ise Shrine.
Arashi is a shrine maiden of "Ise Shrine". The is a Shinto shrine to the goddess Amaterasu, located in the city of Ise in Mie prefecture, Japan.
Mitsumine Shrine.
Yuzuriha is a descendant of the keepers of Mitsumine Shrine, located in the Chichibe Region of the Saitama Prefecture on Mitsumine Mountain. The shrine is also known as "Mitsumine-Daigongen" (The Great Avatar of Mitsumine), a title bestowed by Shougoinkan, a distinguished temple of the Tendai sect of Japanese Buddhism.
Togakushi Shrine.
The fictional is the place where the Kamui's Holy Sword can be born. Fūma and Kotori live here with their father.
Clamp Academy.
The is a fictional school/functioning community in the southern area of Tokyo built in the shape of a pentagram enclosed within a circle. The Academy was built by the Imonoyama family with the dual purpose of providing some of the most talented minds in the world with an educational setting and sealing the Shinken within the centre of the pentagram which the school itself forms.
The unusual layout for the Campus resulted from an agreement between Shirō Tōru and the former director of Clamp Academy for the school to contain and conceal the Sacred Sword, even though the school was nearly half-built and most of the buildings (built and about to be built) needed to be moved. Every aspect of the Academy's design, from the layout of the buildings to the architecture to the infrastructure, is actually carefully plotted to help form the dynamic spell capable of sealing the Sacred Sword. Par example: the trains which run between the five cardinal points of the Campus's pentagram and along the perimeter of the circle run only in one direction and at a speed which is only slightly faster than a person is able to run. The constant retracing of the pentagram and circle by way of commuter train is but a single aspect of the seal.
Although it never comes under attack by the Angels (indeed, it seems that the Angels—excluding Fūma, perhaps—cannot transgress the boundaries of the Academy), Clamp Academy seems to act as a protective zone much in the same way as the Spirit Shield. After Monou Fūma's awakening as the Kamui of the Dragons of Earth, Imonoyama Nokoru provides the Dragons of Heaven with all of the resources at the disposal of Clamp Academy.
Clamp Academy figures into several of Clamp's works, including "Clamp School Detectives", "" and "Man of Many Faces".
Terminology.
Shadow Sacrifice.
In traditional Japanese occult practices, a is actually a wooden or paper doll that acts as a representation of an actual person. The doll serves to protect this person from harm, especially harm of the magical nature (kind of like a reversal of the idea of the voodoo doll). When someone attempts to harm a person protected by a shadow sacrifice, the doll will suffer instead of the one it represents. In "X", the members of the family from which Shirō Kamui is descended, the Magami clan, are able to act as shadow sacrifices to other people. The Magami clan is so renowned among occult circles for this power that (as Sorata tells Kamui), at least half of Japan's legislative body, the Diet, are suspected of having hired shadow sacrifices from the Magami clan to protect them from such dangers as assassination. Such as this is, Shirō Tōru, Shirō Kamui's mother, is destroyed in a fire which results from her acting as the shadow sacrifice for (alternately) Kamui himself and for the Earth. Magami Tokiko, Tōru's younger sister and Kamui's maternal aunt, likely acts a shadow sacrifice to bring forth the second of the Sacred Swords. Similarly, Monou Saya (Fūma and Kotori's mother) may have also possessed this power when she took the place of Tōru to bring forth the first Sacred Sword. It can be assumed that (being of Magami lineage), Shirō Kamui himself would have the power to act as shadow sacrifice to another person.
Sacred Sword.
The is Kamui's weapon. "Shinken" can be taken to imply the meaning "sword that is gifted by god(s)" or "sword that is offered as a sacrifice to god(s)". The inscription upon the blade of the Sacred Sword is a Hebrew prayer and reads:
"Barukh attah adonai eloheinu melekh ha-olam, she-ha-kol nihyeh bi-d'varo."
This translates into English as: "Praised are You, Lord God, King of the Universe, at whose Word all things come into being."
Dreamseer.
In "X", dreams play a very important role as they are a window through which certain characters are able to view what is supposedly the unalterable future. These characters are called . The word yumemi is used in this instance to mean not only "one who has dreams", but specifically "one who has "true" dreams", a seer. The dream worlds in X are expressed as being one "connected" world, rather than separate but only the dreamseers can "cross" between them.
Several characters in "X" have the ability to either move through the dreamscape with some degree of control or actually foresee the future in dreams, among them: Hinoto, Kuzuki Kakyō, Kanoe, Monou Kotori, Sumeragi Hokuto, and Monou Saya. It appears that Kanoe and Hokuto are especially limited in that they can only move into the dreams of others; Kanoe usually looks into the dreams of her sister, while Hokuto has been "drawn" into the dreams by Kakyō, making it uncertain what her actual ability is. Saya's own abilities were restricted to viewing the future of her loved one— namely, Shirō Tōru.
Hinoto, Kakyō, and Kotori all have dreams foreshadowing future events. Kotori was supposedly weaker in this power (or that her power has not been awakened) in that although she can see disconnected images of the future, she can not fully understand or control them. Perhaps it is because of this, Kotori has expressed optimism for the future. Hinoto and Kakyō are the more powerful dreamseers who can fully utilize their abilities; they can understand, divine, and control their dreams consciously. Whereas the other characters are referred to as having some abilities of a dreamseer, these two are referred to as "actual" dreamseers. 
Besides crossing into other people's dreams, they can also draw people into their own dreams, whether the person was conscious or not and force them into an illusion. The dreamseers are shown to have lucid power in their dreams, thus creating their dream-world the way they want; Hinoto used her dreams to show Kamui what the future might look like, while Kakyō's dream scenery are either a room with Japanese sliding doors or the seaside. 
Because dreamseers can intercept each other's dreams and it was suggested that dreamseers of lesser power will not be able to intrude into the dreams of one who possesses greater power, Kanoe and Hinoto are surprised when Kakyō's dream passes by and determine that one of the Dragons of Heaven and Earth must be a dreamseer.
It has also been suggested that the dreamseermakes some physical sacrifices for their power (whether as a willing trade or something they are simply born with), notably seen in Hinoto and Kakyō, who are both physically disabled in some ways. It is notable that Kotori goes into a mental shock when her powers awaken. Another theory is that the "sacrifice" the dreamseers make in the show for their foresight is not literal but rather metaphorical. In the X OVA, Kakyo, who has foreseen the death of Hokuto Sumeragi, finds himself unable to effect the future as he saw it, despite his fervent efforts to due so. After his attempt to save Hokuto, he passes out and remains unconscious unwilling to return to reality (like Kamui does in episode 13 after seeing Kotori killed by Fūma). Kotori, after seeing the birth of the second sword is no longer able to deny her dreams of the future and thus, wishing them not to be true, disconnects herself from reality and enters a comatose state. Hinoto, unlike Kakyō and Kotori, is rather mobile despite her complete lack of physical senses (she cannot see, hear, or move conventionally) and indicates that her sacrifice may have been the result of a spell used to amplify her abilities (the floor on which she sits the whole of the show is covered with inscriptions and patterns that bare the semblance of a spell).
Spiritual barriers.
In Buddhist tradition, an impenetrable spiritual parameter created by a monk within which the monk retreats in order to meditate or, more generally, any kind of spiritual or magical boundary in Japanese tradition. In "X", the are both man-made barriers which form a sort of spiritual network throughout the world as well as the Spirit Shields which the Seven Seals create in order to spare the material plane from damage when they do battle. As man-made structures, the barriers' spiritual network prevents most major natural catastrophes from destroying human civilization. Because of this, humanity is able to live (and continue to pollute and otherwise defile the Earth) in relative peace and prosperity. Tokyo's barriers act as the keystones to this network; it is the proverbial "tie that binds". Therefore, if the barriers in Tokyo were to be destroyed, eventually the entire worldwide spiritual network of barriers would come undone, and with it the protection they provide. Earthquakes would then wrack the planet, destroying humanity and allowing the Earth to recover from the damage which humans have done to it (this is the ultimate goal of the Dragons of Earth).
As the barrier fields created by the Dragons of Heaven, the Spirit Shields are fields of varying geometrical shape (depending on which of the Dragons of Heaven has created the Spirit Shield) which only those involved with the end of the world can exist within. The barrier field effectively creates an alternate plane or dimension resembling the area of the material plane which the Spirit Shield was created to protect. This ensures that (so long as the one who created the Spirit Shield remains alive, conscious, in relatively decent health, and maintains an undisclosed amount of concentration required to create the Spirit Shield in the first place) the area in which the Spirit Shield was created and all the ordinary people within it cannot be harmed. Also, as a general rule, it is impossible for even the Dragons of Heaven and Dragons of Earth themselves to leave the space of a Spirit Shield until the creator of the Spirit Shield releases it. Trying to leave a Spirit Shield is said to be extremely painful and dangerous, requiring a great deal of power to even attempt. The rules regarding "entering" a Spirit Shield, however, seem to be more obscure.
Another way to easily put it is that a Spirit Shield is like a carbon copy of the battlefield combatants can do battle without fear of hurting innocent people or any interference from the outside. If any damage at all occurs in the city inside the Spirit Shield and the one who puts it up lives or kills the other, then no damage will be done to the real location in the primary dimension—as if the battle had never happened. However, if the one who set up the Spirit Shield in the first place gets injured to the point that he or she cannot maintain the requisite concentration to support the Spirit Shield, falls unconscious, or killed altogether, then the Spirit Shield is destroyed, and the damage done to the location within the Spirit Shield during combat is done to the primary physical dimension, killing many innocent bystanders in the vicinity and causing massive destruction.
It should be noted that Spirit Shields can be erected only because the person who set them up have someone they want to protect, and if the person they wish to protect dies—then the Dragon of Heaven's ability to erect the Spirit Shield dies too.
List of the Tokyo barriers.
The following are the barrier fields which have appeared in X.
Nakano Sun Plaza.
A cultural hall in the Nakano ward, west of Shinjuku, internationally known as a musical venue. Destroyed by Sakurazuka Seishirō in the manga and the motion picture. Nakano Sun Plaza did not appear as a barrier in the television series. This building's appearance might have related to the fact that Clamp worked with Tanaka Yoshiki in (Kodansha bunko). Nakano ward is a place where the heroes of Sohryūden live. Interestingly, Nakano is considered "sacred ground" for otaku in Japan.
Shinjuku Highrises.
The many skyscrapers of the Shinjuku ward, the administrative and commercial center of Tokyo. Destroyed by Yatōji Satsuki in the manga and the television series, destroyed by Shiyū Kusanagi and Kigai Yūto in the motion picture.
Shibuya 109.
A landmark building in the Shibuya shopping district famous for its trend-setting department store. Destroyed by Sakurazuka Seishirō in the manga. Shibuya 109 does not appear as a barrier in the television series or the motion picture.
Ebisu Garden Place.
A popular shopping district in Tokyo with many sidewalk cafes and fashion boutiques. Destroyed by Monou Fūma (with cans of tea) in the manga. Ebisu does not appear as a barrier the television series or the motion picture.
Rainbow Bridge.
A landmark bridge across Tokyo Bay connecting Tokyo with the Odaiba district in the Minato ward, which was built on reclaimed land. Destroyed by Sakurazuka Seishirō in the manga and the television series. Rainbow Bridge did not appear as a barrier in the motion picture.
The National Diet Building.
The chief legislative building of the Japanese government. Hinoto is housed in the basement of the National Diet. Destroyed by Monou Fūma in the motion picture. It does not appear as a barrier in the manga (although it is "pictured" when referring to the two remaining barriers in volume 18, the two barriers in question are actually Tokyo Tower and Tokyo Metropolitan Government Building) and despite the fact that it appears to act as a barrier in the television series, it is never destroyed let alone attacked.
Ginza.
(Yet another) shopping district in Tokyo, known for many department stores, coffee shops, and restaurants. Attacked (but not destroyed) by Nataku and Monou Fūma in the manga. Ginza does not appear as a barrier in the motion picture. Apparently, the Ginza barrier is specifically embodied by the Wakō Building Clocktower.
Inokashira Park.
A large, lush park in the midst of the city of Mitaka within Tokyo. Destroyed by Monou Fūma in the television series, and attacked (although not destroyed) by Yatōji Satsuki in the manga. Inokashira Park does not appear as a barrier in the motion picture. Inokashira Park is home to a shrine dedicated to the vengeful goddess of love, Benzaiten. According to folklore, she causes the relationships of young couples to come to premature ends—which is interesting in that the incident at Inokashira Park (in which Sorata is grievously injured attempting to protect Arashi with his gohōdōji) causes Arashi to realize how much she loves Sorata and — in the anime — to consequently break from the Dragons of Heaven to try to save Sorata from his lethal fate.
Yasukuni Shrine.
A shrine in Tokyo dedicated to all fallen Japanese soldiers. Yasukuni Shrine does not appear as a barrier in the manga (although Seiichirō has Daisuke and Yuzuriha meet him there), and it does not appear at all in the motion picture. In the television series, it may or may not be an actual barrier, but (as in the manga), the Dark Hinoto lies to the Seals, telling them that there will be an attack at Yasukuni Shrine in order to divide their forces. 
Notably, the Kadokawa Shoten headquarters is in the vicinity of the shrine, perhaps the reason why Aoki Seiichirō (who is based on the real Aoki Seiichirō, editor of Monthly Asuka, a division of Kadokawa), an editor of Kadokawa's Asuka magazine in X, is able to get to the shrine with relative ease.
Tokyo Metropolitan Government Building.
The administrative neural center of Tokyo, this landmark building was constructed after the fashion of a European gothic cathedral façade, with its distinctive belltower-like twin peaks. Tokyo Metropolitan Government Building is in the very heart of the Shinjuku ward and acts as the headquarters of Tokyo's governing body. The headquarters of the Dragons of Earth is directly beneath it, as well (some of its highlights including a throne that smacks of phallic imagery, Kanoe's shower and bedroom—which Yūto always seems to be in—and the cold storage chamber that the Beast is housed in). In the manga and television series, although Yatōji Satsuki destroyed the Shinjuku Highrises, it was left untouched. Indeed, it seems that in all of Hinoto's and Kakyō's dreams of the future which the Dragons of Earth are working towards, although Tokyo will be otherwise obliterated and flooded, the Metropolitan Government Building is still standing undamaged amidst several metres of water. It is unknown as to whether the Dragons of Earth intend to destroy it as well as Tokyo Tower, but it seems—at least at the moment—unlikely.
Tokyo Tower.
Perhaps "the most" important barrier. A landmark of red and white steelwork done in the style of Paris's Eiffel Tower, Tokyo Tower is the final barrier. Tokyo Tower is a central recurring landmark in many of Clamp's works (including "Tokyo Babylon", "Cardcaptor Sakura", "Magic Knight Rayearth", and "Clamp School Detectives"). In the motion picture and television series, Tokyo Tower is attacked by Monou Fūma, though in each of these instances Shirō Kamui manages to prevent him from destroying it. In the manga, it remains to be seen as to whether Tokyo Tower will survive the Final Battle.

</doc>
<doc id="2925608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925608" title="Julia Murdock Smith">
Julia Murdock Smith

Julia Murdock Smith Dixon Middleton (May 1, 1831 – September 12, 1880) was an early member of the Latter Day Saint movement and the eldest surviving child and only daughter of Joseph Smith and Emma Hale Smith. She was adopted by the Smiths.
Her birth mother died giving birth to Julia and her twin brother Joseph, so their birth father John Murdock offered them to Smith and his wife, who themselves had lost prematurely born twins the same day. After Joseph and Emma Smith had taken custody of the children, in late March 1832, the infant Joseph became ill. Consequently Emma decided to have the babies sleep separately to prevent a spread of the disease. Joseph Smith had taken baby Joseph to bed with him and Emma was in the other room with Julia. That night a mob came and stormed the Smith home. In the midst of the panic, baby Joseph was exposed to the cold air and died several days later.
After the death of Joseph Smith, Jr., Julia and her surviving four brothers remained in Nauvoo, Illinois with their mother Emma. In 1848, at seventeen, Julia eloped with an older man Elisha Dixon, and the couple married in St. Louis, Missouri. In 1851, Dixon was injured while employed on a steamboat. He died, probably in 1853, as a result of these injuries. Julia returned to Nauvoo and lived with her mother until November 19, 1856, when she married John J. Middleton. The couple bought a small farm in the vicinity of Nauvoo. Middleton was a devout Catholic, and Julia was baptized into the Catholic Church on November 9, 1857. They later moved to St. Louis. 
In 1876, Julia permanently left her husband and moved back to Nauvoo. She lived with her mother at the Riverside Mansion, the brick home Emma's second husband Major Bidamon had built. Emma’s health failed early in 1879, and Julia was with her, as were Joseph III and Alexander, when she died on 30 April 1879. After Emma’s death, Julia went home with Alexander to Andover, Missouri. She died of breast cancer, while visiting friends in Nauvoo, at age forty-nine on September 12, 1880.

</doc>
<doc id="2925609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925609" title="ERMA">
ERMA

Erma may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2925610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925610" title="Lana, Navarre">
Lana, Navarre

Lana is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain with a population of 197 people.

</doc>
<doc id="2925611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925611" title="Lantz">
Lantz

Lantz is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, in the North of Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925613" title="Art fabrication">
Art fabrication

Art fabrication is a process or service relating to the production of large or technically difficult artworks.
When a lone artist or designer is incapable or chooses not to realize the creation of his or her own design or conception, he or she may enlist the assistance of an art fabrication studio. Typically, an art fabrication studio has access to the resources, specialized machinery, and labor necessary to execute particularly complex projects.
"Art fabrication" should not be confused with the term "fabricated sculpture" which refers to a sculpture (usually metal) whose component parts are shaped (usually through bending), and then assembled by way of fasteners or welds (as opposed to a sculpture created through casting). 
Notable art fabricators.
Lippincott, Inc., founded in 1966 by Donald Lippincott and Roxanne Everett, was the first company to devote itself exclusively to art fabrication using industrial techniques. The company encouraged a collaborative relationship between artists and the fabrication crew, allowing the creation of work using media that artists had not previously used. Lippincott, Inc. fabricated work for almost 100 artists, including Barnett Newman, Louise Nevelson, Donald Judd, Claes Oldenburg, Robert Indiana, and Ellsworth Kelly.
Other notable fabricators include:

</doc>
<doc id="2925616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925616" title="Lapoblación">
Lapoblación

Lapoblación is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925619" title="Nicole Trunfio">
Nicole Trunfio

Nicole Trunfio (born 16 March 1986) is an Italian-Australian model from Merredin, a small country town in Western Australia.
Career.
Trunfio was the winner of the Australian version of the television series "Search for a Supermodel" and came second in the international version.
She has modelled for various Australian as well as international designers including Chanel, Dolce & Gabbana, Versace, Christian Dior, Gucci, Fendi, Missoni, Roberto Cavalli, Vivienne Westwood, Valentino, Victoria's Secret, Sweetface, and Neiman Marcus. She has appeared in campaigns for Karl Lagerfeld, D&G, Sonia Rykiel, Lacoste, Sisley, Anne Taylor, BCBG Max Azria, Chadwick's and Guess. Trunfio has worked with photographers such as Richard Avedon for Kenneth Cole campaign, Patrick Demarchilier for Harpers Bazaar, Steven Klein for D&G campaign, Peter Lindbergh for Italian "Vogue", Terry Richardson for British "Vogue", Greg Kadel, Melvin Sokosky, Russel James, and is the current face of Ulta.
She has been passionate about acting since childhood and has been studying in NYC for the past 3 years with people such as Susan Batson, Harold Guskin, Stella Adler Studio. She is attending NIDA, and was featured in the Australian movie "Two Fists, One Heart" playing the role of Italian temptress Jessica.
She served as a mentor for the female models in the second season of the American version of "Make Me a Supermodel".
Trunfio is represented by IMG Models in New York, Iconic Management in Berlin, Germany and Viviens Model Management in Australia.
Trunfio replaced Miranda Kerr as the face of David Jones' winter 2011 launch.
Personal life.
Trunfio is the youngest girl in a family of four children. She attended St. Mary's Primary School in Merredin. Later Trunfio and her family moved to Australind, where she attended Parkfield primary and then Australind Senior High School.

</doc>
<doc id="2925620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925620" title="Bushpig">
Bushpig

The bushpig, Potamochoerus larvatus, is a member of the pig family and lives in forests, woodland, riverine vegetation and reedbeds in East and Southern Africa. Probably introduced populations are also present in Madagascar. There have also been unverified reports of their presence on the Comoro island of Mayotte. Bushpigs are mainly nocturnal. There are several subspecies.
Adult bushpigs stand from at the shoulder, and weigh from . They resemble the domestic pig, and can be identified by their blunt, muscular snouts, small eyes, pointed, tufted ears and buckled toes. Their colour varies from reddish-brown to dark brown and becomes darker with age. Both sexes have a lighter-coloured mane which bristles when the animal becomes agitated. The upper parts of the face and ears are also lighter in colour. Their sharp tusks are fairly short and inconspicuous. Unlike warthogs, bushpigs run with their tails down. Males are normally larger than females.
The bushpig is closely related to the red river hog, "Potamochoerus porcus", with which it can interbreed. The bushpig is distinguished by its less colourful markings, coarser hair, and larger size. Many pig populations display physical characteristics intermediate between the two species.
Bushpigs are quite social animals and are found in sounders of up to 12 members. A typical group will consist of a dominant male and a dominant female, with other females and juveniles accounting for the rest. Litters of three to four young are born in summer after a gestation period of approximately four months. Bushpigs can be very aggressive, especially when they have young.
They are omnivorous and their diet could include roots, crops or carrion, as well as newborn lambs. They grunt softly while foraging, and make a long, resonant growl as an alarm call. They are a significant nuisance in the agricultural regions of South Africa, and are hunted fairly extensively. However, the population of bushpigs in the farming areas continues to grow despite the hunting efforts, due to the largely innaccesible terrain, abundance of food, lack of predators, and their rapid ability to adapt to hunting methods.
Still distributed over a wide range, the bushpig occurs from Ethiopia and Somalia to eastern and southern DR Congo and southwards to Cape and KwaZulu-Natal Province in South Africa. It also occurs on Madagascar and possibly the Comoros archipelago. It is not known how it reached these islands, but it was probably taken there by humans, possibly after a period of domestication.
Subspecies include:

</doc>
<doc id="2925622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925622" title="Larraga">
Larraga

Larraga is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925626" title="Larraona">
Larraona

Larraona is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925630" title="Fuifui Moimoi">
Fuifui Moimoi

Fuifui Moana Moimoi (born 26 September 1979, in Tonga) is a professional rugby league footballer for the Parramatta Eels of the National Rugby League (NRL). A New Zealand and Tonga international representative forward, Moimoi has played his entire NRL career to date at Parramatta where he has attained cult status.
Playing career.
2000s.
A Point Chevalier Pirates and Glenora Bears junior, Moimoi was spotted by then New Zealand Warriors coach Daniel Anderson in 2002 while playing in the Bartercard Cup for the Mt Albert Lions. Moimoi then joined the South Sydney Rabbitohs for the 2003 season as a trialist. However he made his first grade debut for the Parramatta Eels in 2004. 
On Tuesday 10 September 2007, News.com.au reported Australian selectors have inquired about the international eligibility of Moimoi. Moimoi was born in Tonga, grew up in New Zealand. Moimoi is eligible to play for Tonga as well as either Australia or New Zealand. Australian Rugby League chief executive Geoff Carr revealed Australian selectors asked about the eligibility of Moimoi. He has also represented American Samoa in 2000.
On Monday 24 September 2007, the New Zealand Rugby League association confirmed Fuifui Moimoi's inclusion into the Kiwis train-On squad to take on Australia, Great Britain and France for the end of season tests. Moimoi made his debut for New Zealand in a 58–0 defeat by Australia in Wellington on 14 October 2007. He was selected to go on the 2007 All Golds Tour.
He was named in the New Zealand training squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup. He was also named in the Tonga squad. Moimoi was not selected for the final New Zealand squad, and because he had recently played for New Zealand, he was ruled ineligible for the Tongan side. He contested his right to play for Tonga in court, but to no avail.
After the 2009 NRL season, Moimoi returned to the New Zealand national team, being cleared by the RLIF to play in the Four Nations.
2010s.
On 20 April 2010, Moimoi signed a further 2-year contract to continue to play with the Eels until the end of 2012. He was originally selected for New Zealand's 2010 Four Nations campaign but withdrew due to injury.
Moimoi was selected play for New Zealand in the 2011 ANZAC Test from the interchange bench. At the end of the season he was selected to travel with the Kiwis to Europe for the 2011 Four Nations tournament.
In June 2012, Moimoi was reported as wishing to continue his football career until the end of the 2016 NRL season. 
Moimoi was selected to play for Tonga as a prop forward in their 2013 Pacific Rugby League International match against fierce rivals Samoa.
Later in the year, Moimoi played for Tonga in their unsuccessful 2013 Rugby League World Cup campaign. Moimoi played in all of Tonga's 3 matches.

</doc>
<doc id="2925631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925631" title="Arthur Branch">
Arthur Branch

Arthur Branch is a fictional character on the TV crime drama "Law & Order" and one of its spinoffs, '. Branch has also appeared on ', "", and "Conviction". He appeared in 142 episodes of the various series in the franchise (116 episodes of "Law & Order", 11 episodes of "Law & Order: Special Victims Unit", one episode of "Law & Order: Criminal Intent", all 13 episodes of "Law & Order: Trial by Jury", and the pilot episode of "Conviction"). 
Branch was portrayed by former U.S. Senator Fred Thompson. He played Branch concurrently in "Law & Order" and "Trial by Jury", making him one of the few actors to have a regular role on two TV series simultaneously as the same character. When Thompson began the role, he was still a sitting member of the United States Senate — his term did not expire until several months after his first episode aired — thus making Thompson the first sitting U.S. Senator to portray someone other than himself on TV. (Thompson had had an active acting career before his election to the Senate.)
Thompson was the only regular on "Law & Order" who was once a prosecutor. He worked as an assistant United States Attorney from 1969 to 1972.
Character background.
Branch graduated from Yale University and Yale Law School. He was later a professor at Yale Law School. He and his wife, Lillian, have lived in New York City since moving in the early 1980s from the state of Georgia. According to McCoy, Lillian "loves the smell of concrete", and would not allow Arthur to move from New York City back to Georgia. Arthur and Lillian have at least one child, a son named Bobby. They also have a grandson and a granddaughter named Maggie. He also has a nephew named Andy. In 2003, he owned a Chevrolet and a Porsche. He speaks with a southern accent and commonly uses colorful metaphors. 
Branch is elected the Manhattan District Attorney in 2002, replacing Nora Lewin (Dianne Wiest). In 2004, he claimed that he was elected DA because the people of Manhattan wanted to feel safe after the September 11 attacks. He and Abbie Carmichael are the only known Republicans on the show. Branch's administration is a sharp contrast to that of Lewin, as he has little difficulty in accepting capital punishment in certain cases and does not believe in the existence of a Constitutional right to privacy. He had written a book on the justice system and represented the Chinese government when he worked in private practice.
His legal and political conservatism often puts him in conflict with Jack McCoy (Sam Waterston), a relatively liberal centrist, as well as his previous assistant Serena Southerlyn (Elisabeth Röhm), a liberal idealist and feminist. He has few quarrels with Alexandra Borgia (Annie Parisse), who is more conservative in her viewpoints than Southerlyn, in the mold of Southerlyn's predecessor, Abbie Carmichael (Angie Harmon). He is portrayed as having an amicable working relationship with ADA Connie Rubirosa (Alana de la Garza).
He strongly supported the Iraq War. He did not oppose same-sex marriage nor did he particularly approve of it. He believed that it was none of his business nor that of the federal government. While his legal philosophy is decidedly conservative, he is not blindly partisan; he ascribes cynical, political motives to drug prohibition, refers to the National Guard as "the Dan Quayle Brigade", and is not averse to seeking alternatives to the death penalty when he thinks it appropriate. 
Although he is personally pro-life, he describes himself as even more "pro-law", and orders Olivia Benson (Mariska Hargitay) and Casey Novak (Diane Neal) to arrest a doctor who deliberately misleads a young pregnant woman to ensure her pregnancy would develop past the legal time limit for the procedure, thus prompting her to desperately ask her boyfriend to assault her to induce a still birth.
He fires Southerlyn when he felt she is inappropriately sympathetic towards the defendant she is prosecuting. Despite her parting fears, Branch says he is not firing her because she's a lesbian.
In May 2007, Fred Thompson left the cast of "Law & Order" to run for the Republican Party's 2008 nomination for President. On the show, no reason is given for Branch's departure, and McCoy is chosen to serve out the remainder of his term. In Branch's final scene he suggests that McCoy might run for District Attorney in the future; McCoy says, "I'm no politician, Arthur" and Branch replies, "Yeah... everybody says that."
In October 2009, Executive ADA Michael Cutter tells McCoy that the producers of a reality TV show set in Long Island want Arthur Branch to be a judge, where he will preside in a trial featuring the heads of two dysfunctional households that are both suspects in the murder of the mother of one of the two households.

</doc>
<doc id="2925632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925632" title="Retinyl palmitate">
Retinyl palmitate

Retinyl palmitate, or vitamin A palmitate, is the ester of retinol (vitamin A) and palmitic acid, with formula C36H60O2. 
An alternate spelling, retinol palmitate, which violates the -yl organic chemical naming convention for esters, is also frequently seen.
Uses.
Retinyl palmitate is a synthetic alternate for retinyl acetate in vitamin A supplements, and is available in oily or dry forms. It is a common vitamin supplement, available in both oral and injectable forms for treatment of vitamin A deficiency, under the brand names Aquasol A, Palmitate A and many others. It is a constituent of intra ocular treatment for dry eyes at a concentration of 138 µg/g (VitA-Pos) by Ursapharm. It is a pre-formed version of vitamin A; therefore, the intake should not exceed the Recommended Dietary Allowance (RDA). Overdosing preformed Vitamin A forms such as retinyl palmitate leads to adverse physiological reactions (hypervitaminosis A).
Retinyl palmitate is used as an antioxidant and a source of vitamin A added to low fat milk and other dairy products to replace the vitamin content lost through the removal of milk fat. Palmitate is attached to the alcohol form of vitamin A, retinol, in order to make vitamin A stable in milk.
Retinyl palmitate is also a constituent of some topically applied skin care products. After its absorption into the skin, retinyl palmitate is converted to retinol, and ultimately to retinoic acid (the active form of vitamin A present in Retin-A).
Carcinogenicity controversy.
The Environmental Working Group (EWG) and New York Senator Chuck Schumer have called attention to the fact that high doses of topical retinyl palmitate were shown to accelerate cancer in lab animals, fueling the sunscreen controversy in the popular press. Although concerns about other sunscreen ingredients remain undisputed, one toxicological analysis determined that "there is no convincing evidence to support the notion that palmitate in sunscreens is carcinogenic." The EWG has since refuted this analysis directly. A technical report issued thereafter by the National Toxicology Program concluded that diisopropyl adipate increased incidence of skin tumors in mice, and the addition of either retinoic acid or retinyl palmitate both exacerbated the rate and frequency of tumors.
Teratogenicity.
World Health Organization recommendation on Maternal Supplementation During Pregnancy states that "health benefits are expected for the mother and her developing fetus with little risk of detriment to either, from a daily supplement not exceeding 10,000 IU vitamin A (3000 µg RE) at any time during pregnancy." Preformed Vitamin A refers to retinyl palmitate and retinyl acetate. 

</doc>
<doc id="2925633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925633" title="Larraun">
Larraun

Larraun is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925636" title="Lazagurría">
Lazagurría

Lazagurría (Basque Elizagorria) is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925638" title="Nia (album)">
Nia (album)

Nia is the debut full-length album by American hip hop duo Blackalicious, released in Europe in late 1999 by Mo' Wax and later released in the United States by Quannum Projects with a slightly altered track list.
Reception.
Allmusic gave it a near perfect rating of 4.5/5 calling it "an album that stakes the claim of Chief Xcel and Gift of Gab as not only the best pair of rappers in the underground, but also the best pair of producers." PopMatters added that it "renews your faith in the power and potential of hip-hop." "Daily Vault's" Ben Ehrenreich gave the album an "A" and said:

</doc>
<doc id="2925641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925641" title="Alaska Communications">
Alaska Communications

Alaska Communications (formerly Alaska Communications Systems or ACS) is a telecommunications corporation headquartered in Anchorage, Alaska. It was the first telecommunications provider in the state of Alaska to maintain a third-generation wireless network and the only provider in Alaska that owns fully incorporated infrastructure for the major telecommunications platforms; wireless communications, Internet networking, and local and long distance phone service. Alaska Communications wireline operations include advanced data networks and a diverse undersea fiber optic system connecting Alaska to the contiguous United States. The Alaska Communications wireless operations include a statewide 3G CDMA network, and coverage extends from the North Slope to Southeast Alaska.

</doc>
<doc id="2925642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925642" title="Leache">
Leache

Leache is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925647" title="Zhang Shuqi">
Zhang Shuqi

Zhāng Shūqí (Chinese: 张书旗; 1901-1957) was a Chinese painter from Zhejiang, noted for painting flowers and birds. He studied at Shanghai under Liu Haisu. For a time he taught at the National Center University. From 1942 to 1946, he lived in the United States. After that, he returned to China for a time, but ultimately settled in the US.
His works are held in the Art Gallery of Greater Victoria, the Ashmolean Museum and Stanford University.

</doc>
