<doc id="2848284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848284" title="Škoda 130">
Škoda 130

The Škoda 130/135/136 are three variations of a rear-engined, rear-wheel drive family car that was produced by Czechoslovakian car manufacturer AZNP in Mladá Boleslav between 1984 and 1990. Škoda 130 is known internally as Type 742, Škoda 135/136 as Type 746. They were developed from the Škoda 105/120 series.
Introduction.
The very first Škoda 130 models were introduced in August 1984, shortly after the earlier Škoda 105/120 models were given a mild revamp. Developed from the earlier Škoda 105/120 models (some of which continued in production alongside the Škoda 130 models), the 130 series used a new 1289 cc engine (which produced , and which was just an enlarged version of the 1174 cc engine used in the 120 series). The 130/135/136 series also had a five-speed gearbox, semi-trailing arm rear suspension, wider track and four-pot front brake disc calipers (the latter two of which were already in use in the 105/120 series). The Saloon versions of the new 130 series were available in 130 L and 130 GL forms and the Coupè model was the 130 Rapid, which (with the exception of their mechanical specification) were broadly identical to the smaller-engined 120 LS and GLS Saloons and 120 Rapid Coupè.
The final years.
The introduction of the more technically innovated Škoda 130 series might have been a reasonably great success for Škoda, but the basic engineering design dated back to the 1960s, and was therefore extremely outdated by the 1980s.
The final models to evolve from the rear-engined Škoda generation were the Škoda 135/136 series, introduced in 1987. The new models (which were available in exactly the same model forms as the earlier 130 series) had an uprated 1289 cm3 engine with an eight-port aluminum cylinder head (this was the same engine that was also used in the Škoda Favorit) and a higher output of , as well as a new front grille, also fitted to the remaining models of the 105/120 series. Inside, the only change was a new instrument panel.
The 136 series was joined by the 135 series in 1988, which was available in the same model variations as the 130 and 136 series. The 135 was effectively a 136 with a lower compression ratio and lower engine power output of .
The Rapid coupe versions of the 130, 135 and 136 series were renowned as being the only cars which handled like the notoriously enjoyable yet temperamental Porsche 911 of the same era.
The rear-engined Škodas continued in production until 1990, when the very last ones left the Škoda factories in Kvasiny and Mladá Boleslav.
Rally Success.
The 1.3 Skoda Estelle was an unlikely hero of the Rallying world in the '70s and '80s. The Škoda Motorsport works team won their class a staggering 17 years in a row on the RAC (Around Britain) Rally. John Haugland was the inspirational Norwegian rally driver responsible for Škoda's success.
Other markets.
Britain.
The 130 models made their UK debut in March 1985 and were available in both Estelle 130 L and 130 LSE 4-door saloon and 130 Rapid 2-door Coupè forms, with an aftermarket Cabriolet version of the Rapid also available. The Estelle 130 GL, which was available in Eastern Europe since 1984, did not arrive in the UK market until May 1987. The UK market got the 136 Rapid Coupè and Cabriolet models in August 1988, followed by the rare fuel-injected Rapid 135 RiC Coupè in December 1989. Both these, and the Estelle 120 L and 120 L Five Saloons, were discontinued just four months later. The Estelle and Rapid were very competitive cars, which helped Skoda to new sales records in Western Europe in the late 1980s (about 17,000 105/120/130 models were sold in the UK in 1987 alone).
The new 130 models silenced the earlier criticism that had been made in some quarters of tail-happy handling, with the prominent UK motoring magazine "Autocar and Motor" remarking in 1988 that the new 136 Rapid model "handles like a Porsche 911" in that the rear-engine design encouraged oversteer.
Like the smaller-engined Skoda 105/120, the Škoda 130/135/136 gradually became a rare sight on Britain's roads by the time the 21st century dawned. With just 612 of the Skoda 105/120 range still registered in the UK, it is unclear how many of the Škoda 130 series have survived. Due to their rarity in the UK, prices for good 130s are rising.
Model by model.
Engines differences.
All models in the range used a variant of the Škoda 1298 cc OHV 8V straight-four engine. The main difference between the models was the engine's cylinder head: the 130 had a 5-port cast-iron cylinder head, which couldn't use unleaded gasoline, whilst 135 engines had an aluminium 8-port cylinder head, which could use unleaded gasoline. The 136 engine was the same as the 135's, but with a higher compression ratio for better performance.

</doc>
<doc id="2848285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848285" title="Landman">
Landman

Landman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2848286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848286" title="Rudolf Signer">
Rudolf Signer

Rudolf Signer (*17 March 1903 Herisau † 1 December 1990 Gümlingen ) contributed to the discovery of the DNA double helix.
Professor for organic chemistry at Bern University from 1935 until 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="2848289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848289" title="Ledyard Bridge">
Ledyard Bridge

The Ledyard Bridge crosses the Connecticut River to connect Hanover, New Hampshire to Norwich, Vermont. It is the third bridge at this crossing to bear the name of the adventurer John Ledyard.
History.
The first "Ledyard Free Bridge" was a covered bridge built in 1859 that was the first bridge across the Connecticut not to charge a toll. (It was the latest of several bridges at this site that went back to the late 18th century.) The bridge was named after Ledyard in 1859 because its eastern abutment was near the site of a tree that Ledyard felled during 1773 in order to make the dugout canoe in which he left Dartmouth College to continue his world travels.
The bridge now standing was built between 1998 and 2000 by the New Hampshire Department of Transportation. At each end it displays a pair of "bridge balls," the controversial Classical ornaments cast in concrete that refer to the gateway to Tuck Drive nearby on the Hanover shore. They are the product of a Concord architect brought in by NHDOT to infuse some extra aesthetic appeal into the design of the bridge.
The Ledyard Bridge carries the designation of New Hampshire Route 10A and Vermont Route 10A, a short state highway linking U.S. Route 5 and Interstate 91 on the Vermont side with New Hampshire Route 10 on the New Hampshire side.
Border location.
Although the border between New Hampshire and Vermont was set at the Vermont shore early in the states' histories, the bridge's monument to that border rests near the middle of the crossing; the reasoning is that the border was fixed before the Wilder Dam pushed the Vermont shore westward during the 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="2848291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848291" title="Batha">
Batha

Batha may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2848296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848296" title="Cacique (rum)">
Cacique (rum)

Cacique is a Venezuelan brand of rum first marketed in 1959. It is the top-selling rum in Venezuela. The Cacique product lines are owned by Diageo, the largest multinational beer, wine and spirits company in the world. The word "cacique" (a loan from Taíno or Arawak languages) means "chief of the tribe" in Spanish.
It comes in several varieties, starting with the simplest Cacique Origen and then moving up to the Cacique 500. The most expensive is the Cacique Antiguo.

</doc>
<doc id="2848300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848300" title="Dennis Dugan">
Dennis Dugan

Dennis Dugan (born September 5, 1946) is an American actor, director, and comedian. He is famous for his partnership with comedic actor Adam Sandler, with whom he directed the films "Happy Gilmore", "Big Daddy", "I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry", "You Don't Mess with the Zohan", "Grown Ups", "Just Go with It", "Jack and Jill", and "Grown Ups 2".
Life and career.
Dugan was born in Wheaton, Illinois on September 5, 1946, the son of Marion and Charles Dugan. He started his acting career in 1972, appearing in the 1973 TV movie "The Girl Most Likely to...". He acted in such films as 1976's "Harry and Walter Go to New York" and "Norman... Is That You?" In 1979, he was cast as the time-displaced hero in "Unidentified Flying Oddball", Disney's updated remake of "A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court". In 1981, he appeared in Joe Dante's adaptation of "The Howling".
Dugan's first notable television appearance was in the "Columbo" episode "Last Salute to the Commodore" as a young police officer. He also did two episodes of "M*A*S*H". Then he was the star of the short-lived 1978 series "Richie Brockelman, Private Eye", playing a character who originated in a telemovie, and made guest appearances in the role of Brockelman on "The Rockford Files" before getting his own show.
He took on a semi-regular role as an erstwhile caped crusader who called himself "Captain Freedom" on "Hill Street Blues". He also appeared on "Empire" (1984), and "Shadow Chasers" (1984). He played Walter Bishop, briefly the husband of Maddie Hayes (Cybill Shepherd) on "Moonlighting". Dugan's other film credits of the 1980s include the 1987 romantic comedy "Can't Buy Me Love" and 1988's "The New Adventures of Pippi Longstocking".
Dugan launched a career as a television and film director, appearing in cameo parts in many of his films. Ones he directed include the 1990 comedy "Problem Child", "Brain Donors", the 2001 comedy "Saving Silverman" (in which Dugan plays a football referee), the 2003 comedy "National Security", and the 1996 and 1999 Adam Sandler comedies "Happy Gilmore" (in which Dugan plays Doug Thompson, the golf tour supervisor) and "Big Daddy" (with Dugan as a man who reluctantly gives candy to a trick-or-treating Julian). Dugan has directed episodes of such television series as "Moonlighting" (was also a guest star in some episodes), "Ally McBeal", and "NYPD Blue".
Dugan directed "The Benchwarmers", a 2006 comedy co-produced by Sandler, about trio of men who try to make up for missed opportunities in childhood by forming a three-player baseball team to compete against standard Little League squads. Dugan himself has a bit part as Coach Bellows. Dugan directed the 2007 comedy "I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry" and "You Don't Mess with the Zohan" in 2008, both Sandler vehicles.
Dugan directed "Grown Ups", which follows a group of high school friends who are reunited after thirty years for the Fourth of July. The film again stars Sandler, along with Kevin James, Chris Rock, Rob Schneider, and David Spade, and was released in the summer of 2010 with major box office success.
Dugan's "Just Go with It" was his sixth film with Sandler; it also starred Jennifer Aniston and Brooklyn Decker. Also in 2011, Dugan directed the film "Jack & Jill", again with Sandler, and "Grown Ups 2", which was released in 2013 with Sandler, James, Rock and Spade all reprising their roles. Schneider was unable to do so due to scheduling conflicts.
To date, Dugan's films have grossed over $1 billion worldwide.
Personal life.
He has been married twice, first to actress Joyce Van Patten in 1973, before divorcing in 1987. Dugan then wed Sharon O'Connor, to whom he is still married.
In June 2009, Dugan's son, Kelly Dugan, was drafted with the 75th overall selection by the Philadelphia Phillies in the Major League Baseball Draft, and has played for four of the club's minor league teams since including the Gulf Coast Phillies, Williamsport Crosscutters, Lakeland BlueClaws and now currently with the Reading Phillies.

</doc>
<doc id="2848305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848305" title="Leicester Castle">
Leicester Castle

Leicester Castle is located in the city of the same name in the English county of Leicestershire. The complex is situated in the west of the city centre, between Saint Nicholas Circle to the north and De Montfort University to the south.
History.
Leicester Castle was built over the Roman town walls. 
According to Leicester Museums, the castle was probably built around 1070 (soon after the Norman Conquest in 1066). The remains now consist of a mound, along with ruins. Originally the mound was 40 ft (12.2 m) high. Kings sometimes stayed at the castle (Edward I in 1300, and Edward II in 1310 and 1311), and John of Gaunt and his second wife Constance of Castile both died here in 1399 and 1394 respectively.
Eventually, however, it was used mainly as a courthouse (sessions being held in the Great Hall), rather than a residence.
Apart from being used for Assize Courts (J. M. Barrie visited regularly and spent many hours inside as reporter for a newspaper when the hall was used as a court house), the Great Hall was also used for sessions of the Parliament of England most notably the Parliament of Bats in 1426, when the conditions in London were not suitable and its connections with the Plantagenet family.
The Castle, the Turret Gateway, the Great Hall and "John of Gaunt's Cellar" (erroneously called a dungeon) are all Scheduled Ancient Monuments, and are variously listed buildings also. St Mary de Castro is a Grade I listed building.
A section of the castle wall, adjacent to the Turret Gateway, has gun loops (holes) that were poked through the medieval wall to use as firing ports by the city's residents when parliamentarian Leicester was besieged, captured, and ransacked, by the royalist army in the 1640s during the English civil war. The third storey of the Turret Gateway was destroyed in an election riot in 1832.
Description.
The Castle complex contains:

</doc>
<doc id="2848313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848313" title="Ramage">
Ramage

Ramage is the surname of several notable people, including:
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2848327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848327" title="Plugged In">
Plugged In

Plugged In was a monthly magazine published by Focus on the Family. Its print version was discontinued and now it survives as a web site, Plugged In Online.
"Plugged In" reviewed movies, music, general media, and pop cultural issues from a conservative Christian perspective. A religious counterpart to magazines such as "Entertainment Weekly" and "Teen People"; their reviews focused on evaluating the morals of movies as well as their family-friendliness. "Plugged In" also noted if a movie contains subtle negative or provocative messages woven into the movie. "The Passion of the Christ" was a notable exception, as were a few others such as "Saving Private Ryan", in that it received positive reviews despite containing a large amount of graphic violence, normally a negative aspect in the magazine. There are four main areas that "Plugged In" covered: movies, music, video games, and television (books made appearances occasionally).
Plugged In Online continues what the magazine did, reviewing movies, music, television, and video games, and also has a weekly podcast, a blog, and an email newsletter.

</doc>
<doc id="2848330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848330" title="Luciano Galletti">
Luciano Galletti

Luciano Martín Galletti (; born 9 April 1980) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a right winger.
In a professional career that lasted 14 years he played mostly in Spain, with Zaragoza and Atlético Madrid, but also represented Olympiacos, winning five major titles with the latter club. He was also retired from 2010–13 before returning to active with OFI Crete.
An Argentine international in the 2000s, Galletti appeared with the national team at the 2005 Confederations Cup.
Club career.
Early years / Italy.
Born in La Plata, Buenos Aires Province, Galletti's career began with Estudiantes de La Plata, where his father Rubén Horacio played as a right-wing forward during the 1970s. He scored once in 24 games in his second season in the top division.
In 1999 Galletti joined Parma A.C. in Italy, but failed to break through the first team, moving in the following transfer window to another club in the country, Serie B's S.S.C. Napoli – loaned by Estudiantes, to where he would return for the 2000–01 campaign.
Zaragoza.
Galletti signed with Real Zaragoza in Spain in the 2001 off-season. He made his La Liga debut on 26 August in a 1–2 away loss against RCD Español and finished his first year with 27 matches and two goals, as the season ended in relegation.
From there onwards, Galletti became an undisputed starter for the Aragonese, never appearing in less than 34 contests for the remainder of his spell. In 2003–04 he helped the club win the Copa del Rey, scoring the winner in a 3–2 extra time win against Real Madrid.
Atlético Madrid.
On 29 July 2005 Galletti joined fellow league side Atlético Madrid, for a fee of €4 million. He netted his first league goal for his new team on 27 October, closing the scoresheet at home against Cádiz CF (3–0).
In his second season with the "Colchoneros", Galletti scored four goals in 36 games as the team finished in seventh position.
Olympiacos.
On 30 June 2007 Galletti was transferred to Olympiacos F.C. in Greece, for a reported fee of €2.5m, with the player signing a four-year contract with an annual salary of €1.3 million. On 2 May 2009 he netted the 4–4 equalizer against AEK Athens F.C. in the season's Greek Cup final, in another eventual extra time success; after that campaign ended and he contributed with a career-best 14 goals to the national championship's conquest, he signed a contract extension linking him to the Piraeus outfit until 2013 – the new deal contained a release clause fee of €15million.
In early February 2010, Galletti was diagnosed with severe kidney failure, causing him to miss the rest of the season. He announced his retirement the following summer, aged only 30; however, in early October 2012, he underwent a successful kidney transplant, the donor being his father Ruben.
International career.
Galletti was the top scorer at the 1999 South American Youth Championship with nine goals in only eight games, ranking ahead the likes of Ronaldinho and Roque Santa Cruz as the Argentine under-20s won the competition in Paraguay.
He gained 13 caps for the full side, making his debut in 2000 and being selected to the squad that appeared in the 2005 FIFA Confederations Cup, where he played three matches for the eventual runners-up, including the final against Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="2848333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848333" title="Epistles (Horace)">
Epistles (Horace)

The Epistles (or Letters) of Horace were published in two books, in 20 BC and 14 BC, respectively. 
Background.
As one commentator has put it: "Horace's "Epistles" may be said to be a continuation of his Satires in the form of letters... But few of the epistles are letters except in form..." They do indeed contain an excellent specimen of a letter of introduction (I.9); a piece of playful banter (I.14); pieces of friendly correspondence (I.3, I.4 and I.5); while the last, "Epistle" I.20, is inscribed 'To His Book," and forms a sort of epilogue to the "Epistles" he had already written. However, as a rule, the Epistles "are compositions like those which Pope, following the manner of Horace, has made familiar to us as Moral Essays." 
The "Epistles" were published about four years after the first three books of "Odes," and were introduced by a special address to his patron Maecenas, as his "Odes," "Epodes," and "Satires" had been. The form of composition may have been suggested by some of the satires of Lucilius, which were composed as letters to his personal friends... "From the "Epistles"... we gather that had gradually adopted a more retired and meditative life, and had become fonder of the country and of study, and that while owing allegiance to no school or sect of philosophy, he was framing for himself a scheme of life, was endeavoring to conform to it, and was bent on inculcating it in others."
"In both his "Satires" and "Epistles", Horace shows himself a genuine moralist, a subtle observer and true painter of life, and an admirable writer." But in spirit the "Epistles" are more philosophic, more ethical and meditative. Like the "Odes" they exhibit the two fold aspects of Horace's philosophy, that of temperate Epicureanism and that of more serious and elevated conviction.
Book 1.
Book 1 contains 20 Epistles.
- The Works of Horace Rendered into English Prose by James Lonsdale M.A. and Samuel Lee M.A. London: MacMillan and Co., 1883, pp. 163-200. Edition is available on Google Books.
- Horace, The Complete Works, ed. by Charles E. Bennett and John Carew Rolfe. Boston: Allyn and Bacon, 1901. Edition is available on Google Books.</ref>
Book 2.
Book 2 consists of 3 "Epistles." However, the third epistle - the "Ars Poetica" - is usually treated as a separate composition. (For further discussion, see the Wikipedia article on the "Ars Poetica").

</doc>
<doc id="2848335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848335" title="George Palmer">
George Palmer

George Palmer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2848344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848344" title="Circuit design">
Circuit design

The process of circuit design can cover systems ranging from complex electronic systems all the way down to the individual transistors within an integrated circuit. For simple circuits the design process can often be done by one person without needing a planned or structured design process, but for more complex designs, teams of designers following a systematic approach with intelligently guided computer simulation are becoming increasingly common.
In integrated circuit design automation, the term "circuit design" often refers to the step of the design cycle which outputs the schematics of the integrated circuit. Typically this is the step between logic design and physical design. 
Formal circuit design usually involves the following stages:
Specification.
The process of circuit design begins with the specification, which states the functionality that the finished design must provide, but does not indicate how it is to be achieved .[http://www.informit.com/articles/article.aspx?p=392278] The initial specification is basically a technically detailed description of what the customer wants the finished circuit to achieve and can include a variety of electrical requirements, such as what signals the circuit will receive, what signals it must output, what power supplies are available and how much power it is permitted to consume. The specification can (and normally does) also set some of the physical parameters that the design must meet, such as size, weight, moisture resistance, temperature range, thermal output, vibration tolerance and acceleration tolerance.
As the design process progresses the designer(s) will frequently return to the specification and alter it to take account of the progress of the design. This can involve tightening specifications that the customer has supplied, and adding tests that the circuit must pass in order to be accepted. These additional specifications will often be used in the verification of a design. Changes that conflict with or modify the customer's original specifications will almost always have to be approved by the customer before they can be acted upon.
Correctly identifying the customer needs can avoid a condition known as 'design creep' which occurs in the absence of realistic initial expectations, and later by failing to communicate fully with the client during the design process. It can be defined in terms of its results; "at one extreme is a circuit with more functionality than necessary, and at the other is a circuit having an incorrect functionality". (DeMers, 1997) Nevertheless some changes can be expected and it is good practice to keep options open for as long as possible because it's easier to remove spare elements from the circuit later on than it is to put them in.
Design.
The design process involves moving from the specification at the start, to a plan that contains all the information needed to be physically constructed at the end, this normally happens by passing through a number of stages, although in very simple circuit it may be done in a single step. [http://www.informit.com/content/images/chap1_0131433474/elementLinks/01fig01.gif] The process normally begins with the conversion of the specification into a block diagram of the various functions that the circuit must perform, at this stage the contents of each block are not considered, only what each block must do, this is sometimes referred to as a "black box" design. This approach allows the possibly very complicated task to be broken into smaller tasks which may either by tackled in sequence or divided amongst members of a design team.
Each block is then considered in more detail, still at an abstract stage, but with a lot more focus on the details of the electrical functions to be provided. At this or later stages it is common to require a large amount of research or mathematical modeling into what is and is not feasible to achieve. The results of this research may be fed back into earlier stages of the design process, for example if it turns out one of the blocks cannot be designed within the parameters set for it, it may be necessary to alter other blocks instead. At this point it is also common to start considering both how to demonstrate that the design does meet the specifications, and how it is to be tested ( which can include self diagnostic tools ).[http://www.besttest.com/Courses/DFTBIST.cfm
Finally the individual circuit components are chosen to carry out each function in the overall design, at this stage the physical layout and electrical connections of each component are also decided, this layout commonly taking the form of artwork for the production of a printed circuit board or Integrated circuit. This stage is typically extremely time consuming because of the vast array of choices available. A practical constraint on the design at this stage is that of standardization, while a certain value of component may be calculated for use in some location in a circuit, if that value cannot be purchased from a supplier, then the problem has still not been solved. To avoid this a certain amount of 'catalog engineering' can be applied to solve the more mundane tasks within an overall design.
Costs.
Proper design philosophy and structure incorporates economic and technical considerations and keeps them in balance at all times, and right from the start. Balance is the key concept here; just as many delays and pitfalls can come from ill considered cost cutting as with cost overruns. Good accounting tools (and a design culture that fosters their use) is imperative for a successful project. "Manufacturing costs shrink as design costs soar," is often quoted as a truism in circuit design, particularly for ICs.
Verification and testing.
Once a circuit has been designed, it must be both verified and tested. Verification is the process of going through each stage of a design and ensuring that it will do what the specification requires it to do. This is frequently a highly mathematical process and can involve large-scale computer simulations of the design. In any complicated design it is very likely that problems will be found at this stage and may involve a large amount of the design work be redone in order to fix them.
Testing is the real-world counterpart to verification, testing involves physically building at least a prototype of the design and then (in combination with the test procedures in the specification or added to it) checking the circuit really does do what it was designed to.
Prototyping.
Prototyping is a means of exploring ideas before an investment is made in them. Depending on the scope of the prototype and the level of detail required, prototypes can be built at any time during the project. Sometimes they are created early in the project, during the planning and specification phase, commonly using a process known as breadboarding; that's when the need for exploration is greatest, and when the time investment needed is most viable. Later in the cycle packaging mock-ups are used to explore appearance and usability, and occasionally a circuit will need to be modified to take these factors into account.
Results.
As circuit design is the process of working out the physical form that an electronic circuit will take, the result of the circuit design process is the instructions on how to construct the physical electronic circuit. This will normally take the form of blueprints describing the size, shape, connectors, etc., in use, and artwork or CAM file for manufacturing a printed circuit board or Integrated circuit.
Documentation.
Any commercial design will normally also include an element of documentation, the precise nature of this documentation will vary according to the size and complexity of the circuit as well as the country in which it is to be used. As a bare minimum the documentation will normally include at least the specification and testing procedures for the design and a statement of compliance with current regulations. In the EU this last item will normally take the form of a CE Declaration listing the European directives complied with and naming an individual responsible for compliance.[http://www.ita.doc.gov/td/tic/ce_mark/ceFAQ.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="2848347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848347" title="Canis (disambiguation)">
Canis (disambiguation)

Canis may refer to:
People:
In astronomy:
Places:
Species
Other

</doc>
<doc id="2848349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848349" title="Belinda Balaski">
Belinda Balaski

Belinda Balaski (born December 8, 1947; Inglewood, California) is an American actress. She is perhaps best known for her large supporting role in Joe Dante's "The Howling" (1981), and has continued to appear in most of Dante's films including an important role in "Piranha" and cameos in "Gremlins", "", "Matinee", and "Small Soldiers". She co-stars in "Food of the Gods" and "Bobbie Jo and the Outlaw" both featuring Marjoe Gortner, and in Roger Corman's "Cannonball!" (directed by Paul Bartel) she plays navigator to Robert Carradine in a cross-country car race.

</doc>
<doc id="2848359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848359" title="Siege of Ochakov">
Siege of Ochakov


</doc>
<doc id="2848361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848361" title="The Fuccons">
The Fuccons

The Fuccons, known in Japan as Oh! Mikey (オー! マイキー "Ō! Maikī"), is a series of Japanese comedy sketches created by Yoshimasa Ishibashi featuring a family of Americans ("The Fuccons") living in metropolitan Japan. The series is notable in that all of the characters are played by mannequins with perpetually frozen facial expressions, like the mannequins in the French photographer Bernard Faucon's pictures.
The sketches first aired on the Japanese late night variety show "Vermilion Pleasure Night", later moving to their own late Saturday night time slot. The collected sketches are also available on DVD, with the American ADV Films release being retitled The Fuccons and including English dubbed versions of the episodes in addition to the Japanese-language originals. As of December 2008, ADV has released a complete collection of the series, called "The Fuccons: The Whole Fuccon Show", (previously available as three volumes of "The Fuccons" plus a "Volume 0" sampler), as well as three volumes of the original "Vermillion Pleasure Night" (which includes additional "Oh! Mikey" segments), one of which includes the feature-length "best of" film, "The Color of Life" in which the Fuccons appear.
"The Fuccons" currently airs in the US on the G4 network as part of "G4's Late Night Peepshow" which is broadcast every Monday night at 12:30am. The show also aired on Anime Network in the US.
While the American DVD release claims that "Oh! Mikey" is so popular in Japan that Fuccons-themed restaurants have been opened across the country, this was later revealed to be untrue.
Overview.
"Oh! Mikey" revolves around the titular Mikey, a young American boy who lives in Japan with his parents James and Barbara Fuccon, James having been recently transferred to Japan. He attends the American School. Episodes run the gamut from the silly to the surreal, sometimes ending with a joke and sometimes not. Episodes invariably end with the characters laughing hysterically, even if the episode ends on a serious note. Occasionally the series diverts from following the Fuccons and instead focuses on a destitute Japanese family, the Kawakitas; these episodes, unlike most of the others in the series, are generally serious in tone.
Each sketch runs for around 2 and a half minutes long for a total of 162 episodes.
Partial list of Oh! Mikey sketches.
The Fuccon Family:
1st:
2nd:
3rd:
4th:
5th:
6th:
7th:
8th:
Hardcore:
Extra:
Fever:
Romance:

</doc>
<doc id="2848400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848400" title="The Coming">
The Coming

The Coming is the debut album by American rapper Busta Rhymes, released on March 26, 1996 by Elektra Records. Recording sessions for "The Coming" began in late 1994, and concluded in early 1995 at various recording studios. "The Coming" features rapping from Def Squad members Redman and Keith Murray as well as a guest appearance from Q-Tip and singing from Zhané and different future Flipmode Squad members. One notable song on the album is "Keep It Movin" which features Busta's former group Leaders of the New School, and it would mark the last time they would ever make a song together. It has production from many famed producers and production teams such as DJ Scratch, Easy Mo Bee and The Ummah.
"The Coming" was a critical and commercial success for Busta Rhymes. It reached #6 on the Billboard 200 chart in 1996 and has since received a platinum certification from RIAA. Allmusic gave at a near perfect 4.5 out of 5 star rating. Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic says that "Busta Rhymes has never had such an impressive showcase for his rhymes as he does on "The Coming"". It boasts the hit single "Woo Hah!! Got You All in Check" which reached #8 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in 1996. It was nominated for a 1997 Grammy Award for Best Rap Solo Performance and Steve Huey of Allmusic says that the song "catapulted Busta Rhymes into solo superstardom". It also ended up sporting another hit single, "It's a Party" featuring Zhané. "The Coming" has sold 793,000 copies by June 2009. The Coming also along with When Disaster Strikes and Extinction Level Event, is seen as a classic rap album.

</doc>
<doc id="2848410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848410" title="Svijany Brewery">
Svijany Brewery

Established in 1564, Svijany is one of the oldest Czech breweries. It is located in the village of Svijany.
The brewery produces an extensive range of unpasteurised lagers, mostly light in color and ranging in strength between 3.2% and 6.5% ABV.
In common with the breweries in Náchod and Rohozec, Svijany is owned by the Liberec Investment Fund.
Production.
Svijany are available as a 10°-15°, dark and as a special variant.
History of Svijany village and brewery.
The first mention of Svijany dates from 1345, when the village was owned by a Cistercian monastery located in Mnichovo Hradiste. In 1565 the village became the property of Jaroslav of Vartemberk, who built a fortress there, but the brewery was already operating by 1564, and it continued to operate to the benefit of Jaroslav's estate. Upon Jaroslav's death in 1602, the village, fortress, and brewery all passed to Jachym Ondrej Slik. As a rebel against Habsburg rule of Bohemia, he was executed in 1621, and Svijany came under control of the Wallenstein family through 1814. In 1820, Svijany (together with the village and castle of Sychrov) passed to control of the Rohan family. They sold the brewery to their tenant, Antonin Kratochvile, whose family continued to operate it until 1939, at which point they were compelled to sell it back to the Rohan family. In 1945 the brewery was confiscated and nationalized as part of the state-owned North Bohemian Breweries, which was dissolved in 1990, at which point Svijany became part of the state-owned Breweries of Vratislavice nad Nisou. Later threatened with closure due to a sales crisis, Svijany was sold to the newly established Pivovar Svijany (Svijany Brewery Ltd.) in 1998. This was converted to a joint-stock company in 1992 and incorporated into Pražské Pivovary (Prague Breweries) in 1997. At that time Pražské Pivovary had come under control of the English brewer Bass company. In 2002, Pražské Pivovary became part of the Belgium-based Interbrew group, changing their name in 2003 from Pražské Pivovary to Pivovary Staropramen. In 2004, Interbrew merged with AmBev to form Inbev. In 2009, the private equity fund CVC Capital Partners bought all of Anheuser–Busch InBev's holdings in Central Europe, renaming the operation StarBev. In 2010, Svijany came under ownership of the Liberec Investment Fund.
More recently, in September 2011, the brewery's "Svijanská Kněžna" (Princess of Svijani) beer was the winner, in the category of special semi-dark and dark beers, in the third annual contest of special and unusual beers at the Znojmo Grape 2011 gastronomic festival.
Also in September 2011, Svijany's brewing expert Ladislav Cerny and longtime brewery manager Frantisek Horak were inducted into the Czech Brewing and Malting Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="2848412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848412" title="Sōji-ji">
Sōji-ji

History.
Giving it the name circa 740, Gyōki (668-749) founded the temple as a Shingon Buddhist temple in Noto, a peninsula on Honshu, Japan's largest island. At that time, the temple was a small chapel within the precincts of a larger Shinto shrine called Morooka Hiko Jinja. By 1296, the temple had grown enough to support a full-time priest and a master ajari named Jōken was assigned there.
The Shrine was relocated 1321 to a new estate and Jōken went with it. Jōken entrusted the former temple to Keizan, who then changed the temple from Shingon to a Sōtō temple named Shogakuzan Sōji-ji ("ji" means Buddhist temple in Japanese). The first official abbot, Gasan, was installed months later. However, the original Buddhist deity enshrined, Kannon Bodhisattva, was still enshrined in the temple, and for a time esoteric rituals were still carried out for the temple's patrons. Because Keizan had originally previously founded another temple, Yōkōji, a complicated rivalry existed between the two temples, leading to open conflict during the Tokugawa Period, with Sojiji gradually replacing Yōkōji as the head temple of Keizan and the lineage of Gikai. This ascension of Sojiji happened in part due to its efforts to send monks out into the countryside, and over generations these monks would often convert small, village chapels (nominally Tendai or Shingon) into full-time temples, which in turn helped Sojiji's network grow.
The temple was totally destroyed by fire in 1898. It was rebuilt over a period of several years and, in order to bring more Sōtō Zen to eastern Japan, reopened in 1911 in its present location at Tsurumi, Yokohama. Sojiji-soin (the "father" temple) was built on the original Noto site for monks in training. It sustained considerable damage in the 2007 Noto earthquake.
Routine.
According to a mid-20th century description, the monks' day begins at 3 a.m. in summer and one hour later in winter. First they practice "zazen" for two hours, then attend a service and sutra reading for 75 minutes. They later eat breakfast (rice gruel, tea and pickles). Then for 90 minutes they clean the buildings and the grounds. At 8 a.m. they study Chinese poetry and the writings of "Zenjis" like Dōgen and Keizan. At 11 a.m. they go to the Butsuden where they perform services or read sūtras for visitors. They eat rice and vegetables for lunch and then from 1 to 3 p.m. they return to perform services for visitors. They eat rice gruel for dinner at 5 p.m. From 6 to 8 p.m. the head monk teaches them sutra reading, from 8 p.m. to 9 p.m. they return to practice "zazen", and then go to sleep at 9 p.m.
Abbot.
The Abbot is called "Zenji" (), and oversees 200 monks and novices in residence. Egawa Shinzan "Zenji" holds the positions of Abbot of Sōji-ji Soin Training Monastery, administrator of Sōji-ji and Soji-ji Soin, and vice rector, resident priest, assistant head priest, and head priest of related organizations.
Temple compound.
The core of the temple consists of seven structures forming the so-called "Shichidō garan". The "sanmon" gate, built in 1969, is, according to the temple's pamphlet the largest such structure in Japan. Itō Chūta (1867–1954) designed the "Daiso-dō" or Hattō, which honors Keizan and other founders, and the "Senbutsujo", the hall used as the monks' main training center and to ordain monks. The Sanshōkaku, constructed in 1990 and equipped with computers and other modern amenities, is a visitors' center for practice and workshops for lay persons aimed at fulfilling Keizan "Zenji's" vow to help all sentient beings. The "Butsuden" (Buddha Hall) enshrines a statue of Gautama Buddha (Shaka Nyorai). The "Shōkurō" contains the bell, the drum, the cloud gong or "umpan", and the wooden drum ("moppan"), used to signal the monks' daily routine. The "Hōkō-dō" is used for memorial rites to ancestors of lay persons, for whom the monks perform services.
Among outreach activities, the Sōji Gakuen Academy is a school system where the students study the Buddha's teaching. The academy has a kindergarten, middle school, high school, and university. Sōji also has child care and a hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="2848413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848413" title="GCLP">
GCLP

GCLP can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="2848435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848435" title="Texas State Highway 2">
Texas State Highway 2

State Highway 2, or SH 2, is a deleted Texas highway.
SH 2 was one of the original twenty-six state highways proposed in 1917, overlaid on top of the Meridian Highway and Gulf Division Highway. From 1919 the routing mostly followed present day Interstate 44 (I-44) from Oklahoma to Wichita Falls, and U.S. Highway 287 (US 287) to Fort Worth. It continued on, routed along present day I-35W and I-35 to Waco. From here, the road divided into two branches, both signed as State Highway 2.
The western branch followed the Meridian Highway from Waco, roughly following I-35 through Austin and San Antonio, and terminating in Laredo.
The eastern branch followed the Gulf Division Highway from Waco, routed along present day State Highway 6 through Bryan to Hempstead and into Houston. From there the routing follows US 75 into Galveston, Texas.
In 1926, US 81 was routed over SH 2 from Oklahoma to Laredo, while the Gulf Division branch was given a newly rerouted State Highway 6 number (cancelling the Eastern SH 2) from Waco to Houston. The remainder from Houston to Galveston was US 75. While the western routes were marked concurrently, by 1939, SH 2 was deleted in favor of US 81.
Spur routes.
The route had numerous spurs and alternate routings during its lifetime.
For the initial 1917 Texas routing proposal, while the main route continued southwest from Cleburne to Meridian, and then southeast to Waco, State Highway 2-A ran southeast from Cleburne to Hillsboro, where it met State Highway 6. By 1919, the routing of SH 2A remained similar, except the split from the main route happened at Burleson, travelling southeast through Alvarado to HIllsboro. In 1926, the main route of SH 2 had been rerouted over 2A section from Burlseon to Itasca, while SH 2A was reassigned to the old alignment of SH 2 from Burlseon to Cleburne and to the old alignment of SH 2E. The SH 2A designation was deleted in 1939 and was replaced by portions of SH 174, SH 171, and SH 291 (now FM 2719).
In 1922, new spur routes were formed off of the main SH 2:
State Highway 2-B was a spur in McLennan County running from Riesel northeast to Mart. By 1933 it was renumbered as SH 164.
State Highway 2-C was a more direct route through central Texas betweel Temple and Round Rock, bypassing Taylor to the west. In 1926, the main route of SH 2 had been rerouted over it, with SH 2-C being reassigned to the old route of SH 2. By 1933, it was transferred to SH 95 and SH 43 (now US 79).
State Highway 2-D was a spur route in north Texas branching off the main route at Bowie and travelling north through Ringgold and crossing into Oklahoma. In 1926, the main route of SH 2 had been rerouted over it, with the old route of SH 2 transferred to SH 50 (now US 380), SH 5 (now US 287), and SH 30 (now US 277).
State Highway 2-E was a short connector route between Cleburne and Itasca, connecting the main route and SH 2A. In 1926, SH 2E was reassigned to SH 2A.
State Highway 2-F was a planned spur routing splitting from the main route in Taylor and travelling south to Elgin. In 1926 the route had been transferred to SH 95.

</doc>
<doc id="2848441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848441" title="Economy of West Virginia">
Economy of West Virginia

The economy of West Virginia nominally would be the 62nd largest economy globally behind Iraq and ahead of Croatia according to 2009 World Bank projections, and the 64th largest behind Iraq and ahead of Libya according to 2009 International Monetary Fund projections. The state has a projected nominal GDP of $63.34 billion in 2009 according to the Bureau of Economic Analysis report of November 2010, and a real GDP of $55.04 billion. The real GDP growth of the state in 2009 of .7% was the 7th best in the country. 
Morgantown was ranked by Forbes as the #10 best small city in the nation to conduct business in 2010.
The state is a global hub for chemicals, a national hub for biotech industries and a leader in energy, while having a diverse economy in aerospace, automotive, healthcare and education, metals and steels, media and telecommunications, manufacturing, hospitality, biometrics, forestry, and tourism.
Overview.
The economy of West Virginia nominally would be the 62nd largest economy globally behind Iraq and ahead of Croatia according to 2009 World Bank projections, and the 64th largest behind Iraq and ahead of Libya according to 2009 International Monetary Fund projections. The state has a projected nominal GDP of $63.34 billion in 2009 according to the Bureau of Economic Analysis report of November 2010, and a real GDP of $55.04 billion. The real GDP growth of the state in 2009 of .7% was the 7th best in the country. West Virginia was only one of ten states in 2009 which grew economically. 
While per capita income growth fell 2.6% nationally in 2009, West Virginia's grew at 1.8%. Through the first half of 2010, exports from West Virginia topped $3 billion, growing 39.5% over the same period from the previous year and ahead of the national average by 15.7%. 
Personal income growth in West Virginia during 2013 was only 1.5% - the lowest in the nation - and about half the national average of 2.6%. Overall income growth in West Virginia in the last 30 years has been only 13% (about one-third of the national average of 37%). Wages of the impoverished bottom 1% income earners decreased by 3%, compared to the national average for the bottom 1% income earners which increased 19%. 
Morgantown was ranked by Forbes as the #10 best small city in the nation to conduct business in 2010. The city is also home to West Virginia University, the 95th best public university according to U.S. News & World Report in 2011. 
The net corporate income tax rate is 8.5%, scheduled for reduction to 6.5% by 2014, while business costs are 13% below the national average.
Chemicals.
The state is a global chemical hub, cited by the Council of American States in Europe as one of North America's premier destinations, with the presence of DuPont, Germany-based Bayer and Stockmeier Kunststoffe GmbH; a subsidiary of Japan-based Kureha, Ashland Specialty Chemical, Flexsys, and Brazil-based Braskem S.A. West Virginia has 80% community acceptance from the chemical industry nationwide, one of the highest in the nation. Chemical production represents 46% of the state's GDP, employing 13,500 West Virginians.
Biotech.
The state has one of the nation's highest concentrations of biotech industries aided by the presence of corporations such as Germany-based BASF and Bayer, DuPont, PPG, Dow, Mylan Inc., originally founded in White Sulpher Springs, and Texas-based Alcon. Protea Biosciences, an up-and-coming firm based in Morgantown has developed Laser Ablation Electrospray Ionization (LAESI), which reduces the wait of analyzing tissue samples to 5 seconds from one hour. It is described as the "Xerox for biologists."
Research and development and advanced tech.
Through 2008, 45,284 West Virginians were employed in advanced technology industries, which made up 5.6% of the economic establishments in the state. Through 2007, 91, 998 citizens of the state aged 25–44 held Bachelor's Degrees or higher. West Virginia receives annually around $261 million in federal R&D funds, ranking 34th in the nation. Private establishments receiving the most federal R&D contracts in 2009 were Fairmont-based Prologic, Inc., Security Assistance Corporation, Ridgeley-based Alliant Techsystems, Inc., Berkeley Springs-based STS International, and the Fairmont-based West Virginia High Technology Consortium Foundation (HTC).
The state is home to federal institutions such as the portions of the National Energy Technology Laboratory and Forestry Science Laboratory in Morgantown, the Leetown Science Center and National Center for Cool and Cold Water Aquaculture in Leetown, National
Radio Astronomy Observatory in Green Bank, the Forest Service Timber and
Watershed Laboratory in Parsons, the Appalachian Farming Systems Research Center in Beckley, West Virginia District Office of Water Resources in Charleston, and Department of Veterans Affairs R&D units in Clarksburg and Huntington.
West Virginia University is home to research institutions such as the Blanchette Rockefeller Neurosciences Institute, Robert C. Byrd Cancer Research Laboratory, Center for Identification Technology Research, and the National Research Center for Alternative Fuels, Engines and Emissions. 
The Mid-Atlantic Technology, Research and Innovation Center, or MATRIC, is headquartered in South Charleston. 
In December 2010, the West Virginia Higher Education Policy Commission began a $23 million renovation of a research park formerly home to Dow Chemical.
Energy.
West Virginia is considered a national energy hub, leading the nation in net interstate electricity exports and underground coal mine production, while experiencing a growing natural gas industry as a result of the Great Shale Gas Rush. Overall, it produces 15% of the nation's fossil fuel energy. The state's underground natural gas storage represents 6% of the nation's total, and overall it has 5.1 billion cubic feet of natural gas reserves through 2008 estimates. 
West Virginia was one of the first states to engage in drilling for oil. Small to medium oil and natural gas fields still exist and are scattered mostly in the Allegheny Plateau and the Cumberland Plateau in an arc throughout the western part of state. The state produces around 180,000 barrels of oil per month, with 23 million barrels of reserves through 2008 estimates.
The state has a growing renewable energy portfolio, anchored by chemical and biodiesel manufacturer AC & S, based in Nitro.
Through 2009 Columbus-based American Electric Power was the fifth largest employer in the state, followed by Consolidation Coal Company at #9, Allegheny Energy Service Corporation #19, Eastern Associated Coal Corporation #31, Columbia Gas Transmission Corporation #40, Hobet Mining, LLC #45, Spartan Mining Company #48, and Elk Run Coal Company, Inc. #50.
Coal.
Coal is one of the state's primary economic resources, first discovered in the state in 1742. The industry employs 30,000 West Virginians directly, resulting in $2 billion in wages and a $3.5 billion economic impact.
West Virginia coal exports declined 40% in 2013, representing a decrease of $2.9 billion in export sales. Overall, total exports declined 26%.
West Virginia is the largest coal producer east of the Mississippi River, and accounts for 1/10 of the nation's production. It leads the nation in coal production from underground mines, and has the nation's second largest reserves behind Wyoming.
West Virginia has an annual 13 million barrel coal-to-liquid fuel production capacity. Weirton Energy will begin construction of a new $1 billion coal-to-liquid fuel facility in January.
It has an extensive network of railroads, and much of the coal is transported by rail. The railways were once one of the largest customers for coal to drive the steam locomotives, but these have been replaced by diesel locomotives. Coal is rarely used now for home heating. Most coal today is used by power plants to produce electricity, both in West Virginia, and in other eastern states.
Alternative energy.
The state has a growing renewable energy portfolio, anchored by chemical and biodiesel manufacturer AC & S, based in Nitro. The National Research Center for Alternative Fuels, Engines and Emissions is located in Morgantown.
Mountaineer Wind Energy Center located in Preston County and Tucker County was the first wind farm built in the state in 2002. The Beech Ridge Wind Farm is a $300 million, 119 turbine project currently under construction in Greenbrier County. The Mount Storm Wind Farm is located in Grant County and operates 132 turbines. 
West Virginia is home to several hydroelectric facilities, including Honeywood Dam on the Potomac River, Cheat Lake Dam in Monogalia County, and Summersville Dam on the Gauley River.
Google has invested in research exploration of the state's geothermal reserves.
Aerospace.
Major aerospace employers in the state include Pratt and Whitney located in Bridgeport, Lockheed Martin in Clarksburg, Goodrich Corporation in Union, Canada-based Bombardier Aerospace in Bridgeport, Alliant Techsystems, FCX Systems in Morgantown, and FMW Composite Systems and Aurora Flight Sciences of West Virginia in Bridgeport.
Healthcare and education.
In 2009, West Virginia University Healthcare alone had an economic impact of $2.2 billion on the state and was the #23 employer. West Virginia United Health System was the #2 employer in 2009, ahead of Charleston Area Medical Center at #3, St. Mary's Hospital #7, Cabell Huntington Hospital, Inc. #12, Wheeling Hospital #14, and Camden-Clark Memorial Hospital #24.
In 2008, public higher education institutions had a $7.9 billion economic impact on the state, creating 40,600 employment positions. Private higher education institutions had a $345 million economic impact on the state in 2004, creating 6,258.
Steel and polymers.
West Virginia is home to steel and metal companies such as Luxembourg-based ArcelorMittal in Weirton, Steel of West Virginia Inc. in Huntington, Russia-based Severstal in Wheeling, Japan-based Nisshin Inc. in Wheeling, Follansbee Steel in Follansbee, Special Metals Corporation in Huntington, and Swanson Industries in Morgantown. In December 2010, Russia-based Mechel announced plans to construct a new $12 million coal processing plant in McDowell County.
It is home to one of the highest concentration of resin producers in the world. General Electric Plastics is located in Washington.
Biometrics and government.
The FBI's Criminal Justice Information Services Division is located in Clarksburg, NASA's Independent Verification and Validation Facility in Fairmont, and the U.S. Department of Treasury's Bureau of the Public Debt is located in Parkersburg.
Automotive.
Between 1990-2004, the state experienced $1 billion in investment in the sector and 1500+ new employment positions. It is home to major automotive operations such as Japan-based Toyota in Buffalo, and others including Diamond Electric in Eleanor, NGK Spark Plugs in Sissonville, and Italy-based Sogefi and Japan-based Okuno International in Prichard.
Forestry.
Forestry-based industries employ 15,600 West Virginians through major corporations such as Atlanta-based Georgia Pacific in Mount Hope, Washington D.C.-based Weyerhauser in Heaters, North Carolina-based Coastal Lumber with several locations throughout the state, Virginia-based American Woodmark in Moorefield, and Pittsburgh-based Babcock Lumber Company with multiple locations throughout the state.
Manufacturing, printing, retail, and hospitality.
West Virginia is home to manufacturing operations including Homer Laughlin China Company in Newell, Blenko Glass Company in Milton, Champion Industries in Huntington, Gabriel Brothers in Morgantown, MTR Gaming Group is Chester, and PNGI Charles Town Gaming.
In December 2010, Ohio-based Macy's announced plans to construct a 1.3 million square foot, $150 million distribution in Berkely County, creating 1,900 jobs.
Media and telecommunications.
Major media entities in the state include Marquee Cinemas, which operates theatres from Connecticut to Florida, West Virginia Media Holdings, West Virginia Radio Corporation in Morgantown, West Virginia MetroNews, and Ogden Newspapers in Wheeling, which operates publications from Hawaii, Florida, Minnesota and to New York.
Terradon Communications Group, located in Poca, is a leader in website design and development, with clients including Whirpool International. Others include Texas-based Aegis Communications Group.
Tourism.
In 2010, tourism generated an economic impact of $4.27 billion and 44,400 employment positions. Major tourist attractions include state's premier skiing destinations such as Snowshoe Mountain, Canaan Valley, Winterplace Ski Resort, Oblebay Resort, Elk River Touring Center, and White Grass Ski Touring Center. Other attractions include the Huntington Museum of Art, the Mountain Quest Institute in Pocahontas County, Avampato Discovery Museum in Charleston, the Oglebay Institute in Wheeling, West Virginia State Wildlife Center in French Creek, Greenbrier Resort, Pete Dye Golf Club, Samuel Taylor Suit Cottage, Blennerhassett Island Historical State Park, Moncove Lake State Park, Camden Park in Huntington, West Virginia Zoo, West Virginia wine, Prickett's Fort State Park, Blackwater Falls State Park, the Mountaineer Race Track & Gaming Resort in Chester, Mardi Gras Casino and Resort near West Virginia, Wheeling Island Racetrack & Gaming Center, Hollywood Casino-Charlestown, the Scottish Heritage Festival in Bridgeport, Italian Heritage Festival, Vandalia Gathering in Charleston, Appalachian String Band Music Festival, West Virginia Coal Festival in Madison, the Johnny Johnson Blues and Jazz Festival, the Music in the Mountains Bluegrass Festival, the Appalachian Festival in Raleigh County, and the BBQ & Bluegrass Festival.
Agriculture.
Farming is practiced throughout West Virginia, but in a form different from large extensive cash-crop agriculture elsewhere in the USA. The modal average farm size was a smallish 140 to 179 acres (567,000 to 724,000 m²), most statistics in this section are taken from the 2002 US Census of Agriculture for West Virginia, which sold less than $2,500 of crops annually. Family and single-owner operation worked 92.7% of the farms, and an astounding 96.9% were totally or partly owned by the operator. On the other hand, only 50.5% of the state's farmers considered farming to be their primary occupation, with a significant number of hours worked elsewhere each year. The rural poverty rate in West Virginia is 20.4%, five points higher than the urban poverty rate.
This description of farming portrays an independent and self-sufficient base of small land owners, but also a significant amount of rural poverty.
As can be expected in a rugged terrain, raising animals was far more important than growing vegetative crops. Income from animals exceeded income from plants by about 7 to 1, with much of the non-animal income derived from sales of fodder. The chief animals raised were cattle and chickens. 
In the ridge and valley area along the eastern border near Virginia's Shenandoah Valley, subsidiary valleys are wide and there are some belts of rich soil which are extensively farmed. In 2002, all of the top five counties by agricultural dollar value were located near the eastern Virginia border.
In traditional frontier agriculture there was much gathering of wild "greens" and other vegetation to supplement the diet. One area where this practice is still significant is the gathering of wild North American ginseng, often for the Asian market. Wild gathered ginseng contributed about $2 million in 2000 to the West Virginia economy, a figure larger than many conventional cultivated vegetable and fruit crops. Other wild greens, such as sour dock, lambs quarters, and wild leek (or "ramps") are also still gathered by many for table use, although today more on the basis of avocation or keeping up traditions than out of necessity.
Along the western edges of the state the large rivers of the mid-continent erode a distance into the hills and it is here, in the west, that some dense pockets of heavy industry appear. In the Kanawha River Valley near Charleston and along the southern Ohio River Valley near Huntington chemicals predominate, attracted by a readily available labor force and access by barge carriers. Metallurgy, especially steel, has been predominant in the Northern Panhandle due to a spill-over effect from the traditional center of the US steel industry in Pittsburgh.
Banking.
Due to the relative ruralness in West Virginia, the state isn't dominated by any major U.S. banks. In fact, the only Big Four bank with any retail banking presence in the state is the retail banking division of JPMorgan Chase, and only in the Charleston area. BB&T is the largest bank in the state, and the only major bank with a presence throughout the state. Huntington Bancshares and WesBanco each also have a significant presence in several areas in West Virginia. Other major banks in the state, but only in certain areas, include Chase, Fifth Third Bank, & SunTrust Banks in Charleston and PNC Financial Services in Morgantown.
Appalachian Regional Commission.
The Appalachian Regional Commission was formed in 1965 to aide economic development in the Appalachian region, which was lagging far behind the rest of the nation on most economic indicators. The Appalachian region currently defined by the Commission includes 420 counties in 13 states, including all 55 counties in West Virginia, the only state whose entire territory is covered by the Appalachian Regional Commission. The Commission gives each county one of five possible economic designations— distressed, at-risk, transitional, competitive, or attainment— with "distressed" counties being the most economically endangered and "attainment" counties being the most economically prosperous. These designations are based primarily on three indicators— three-year average unemployment rate, market income per capita, and poverty rate. 
In 2003, West Virginia had a three-year average unemployment rate of 5.7%, compared with 5.5% nationwide. In 2002, West Virginia had a per capita market income of $17,856, compared with $26,420 nationwide. In 2000, West Virginia had a poverty rate of 17.9%, compared to 12.4% nationwide. Fifteen counties in West Virginia were designated "distressed," and sixteen counties were designated "at-risk." No county received the "attainment" designation, and only two— Jefferson and Putnam— were designated "competitive." Nineteen counties were designated "transitional," meaning they lagged behind the national average on one of the three key indicators. McDowell County had West Virginia's highest poverty rating (and the third highest in the entire Appalachian region), with 37.7% of its residents living below the poverty line. Kanawha County had West Virginia's highest per capita income at $25,170, and Monongalia had West Virginia's lowest unemployment rate at 2.7%.

</doc>
<doc id="2848443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848443" title="Walsh–Healey Public Contracts Act">
Walsh–Healey Public Contracts Act

The Walsh-Healey Act or Walsh–Healey Public Contracts Act, passed in 1936 as part of the New Deal, is a United States federal law that applies to U.S. government contracts exceeding $10,000 for the manufacture or furnishing of goods. Walsh-Healey establishes overtime pay for hours worked by contractor employees in excess of 8 hours per day or 40 hours per week, and sets the minimum wage equal to the prevailing wage as determined by the Secretary of Labor. The law prohibits the employment of youths less than 16 years of age and convicts (only those currently in prison), except under certain conditions. The Act sets standards for the use of convict labor, and job health and safety standards. The Walsh-Healey Act does not apply to commercial items. 
The Act was named for its Congressional sponsors, both Massachusetts Democrats, Senator David I. Walsh and Representative Arthur Healey.
The Act was based on Executive Order 6246, issued by President Franklin D. Roosevelt on August 10, 1933, which required government contractors to comply with codes of fair competition issued under the National Industrial Recovery Act (NIRA), which became moot when the Supreme Court struck down the NIRA in "Schechter Poultry Corp. v. United States" (1935).

</doc>
<doc id="2848444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848444" title="Church of St Mary de Castro, Leicester">
Church of St Mary de Castro, Leicester

St Mary de Castro is an ancient church in Leicester, England, located within the former bailey of Leicester Castle. Today it acts as a parish church in the Church of England's diocese of Leicester. "St Mary de Castro" is Latin for ""St Mary of the Castle""; a name chosen to differentiate from nearby "St Mary de Pratis": ""St. Mary of the Meadows"".
The building is currently closed the public as the spire was found to be unsafe. The spire is expected to be demolished, with funds currently insufficient to replace it.
Although the church is closed, it is possible to view the inside using Google Streetview. It is believed to have been the first church in the UK to be viewable online in this way, having been photographed in August 2012.
Architectural history.
It dates its founding to 1107 after Henry I of England granted the lands and castle to Robert de Beaumont, although Henry Knighton implies that an Anglo-Saxon college of St Mary had existed and Robert merely refurbished it. Robert established it within the castle bailey as a college served by a Dean and 12 Canons (that is, a collegiate church) in honour of the Virgin Mary and All Souls and as a chantry chapel for the souls of him, his family and the first three Norman kings. He endowed this and 4 other churches with £6 of his income and land in or near the city. However in 1143 these endowments were all transferred by his son Robert le Bossu, 2nd Earl of Leicester, to his own new Augustinian foundation of Leicester Abbey. The collegiate church retained,or had restored to it a Dean, six Clerks and a Chaplain, along with Robert de Beaumont's grant of 20 shillings for lamps. It also retained parish offerings and most of the tithes. The collegiate nature of the church lasted until the college was disbanded in 1548 under the Chantry act of Edward IV.
The early 12th century church had no aisles, and various parts of these walls survive. It underwent a major expansion in the 1160, with a north aisle, doorways to north and west, and an extension to the chancel. The two doorways provide striking external Norman zigzag decoration, but it is the Sedilia and Piscina in the Chancel extension that Pevsner describes as 'the finest piece of Norman decoration in the county'. 13th century alterations culminated in a major reworking of transepts and south aisle, to create an aisle wider than the nave, providing much more space for local parishioners. Also the huge east window of the south aisle, with ingenious tracery, was created around 1300. The tower was built inside the south aisle, apparently as an afterthought, rising to a Quatrefoil frieze, four decorated pinnacles, and the needlelike spire rising from the battlements. The spire was completely rebuilt in 1783, but retains its crockets and three tiers of lucarnes. The interior was worked on by George Gilbert Scott throughout the 1860s.
Spire.
The church is currently closed due to fears the spire may collapse. The 14th-century octagonal spire, having been rebuilt in 1783, was found to have developed 6-metre long cracks in 4 of its faces in September 2013. After inspections by structural engineers, it was deemed unsafe and at risk of collapse.
Despite the church being grade 1 listed, the severe condition of the spire means it will be demolished, at an estimated cost of £200,000. Over £358,000 has been raised since 2011, however, there are currently insufficient funds to rebuilt the spire.
Famous events.
It is rumoured that here, around 1366, Geoffrey Chaucer married Philippa (de) Roet (a lady-in-waiting to Edward III's queen, Philippa of Hainault, and a sister of Katherine Swynford who later (ca. 1396) became the third wife of Chaucer's friend and patron, John of Gaunt). King Henry VI was knighted in the church in 1426 when he was an infant (whilst the Parliament of Bats was being held at the Castle).
Philippa of Lancaster, the eldest daughter of John of Gaunt, 1st Duke of Lancaster, and Blanche of Lancaster, was born in nearby Leicester Castle and was a Queen consort of Portugal, married in 1387 to King John I of Portugal during Anglo-Portuguese Alliance thus giving rise to extended name of the church (St. Mary de Castro) during one of its alterations.
Organ.
The church contains a three manual pipe organ which was originally installed in 1860 by Forster and Andrews. It has been the subject of modifications and restorations in 1880 by Joshua Porritt, and R.J. Winn in 1960. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.

</doc>
<doc id="2848446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848446" title="Boom barrier">
Boom barrier

A boom barrier, also known as a boom gate, is a bar, or pole pivoted to allow the boom to block vehicular access through a controlled point. Typically the tip of a boom gate rises in a vertical arc to a near vertical position. Boom gates are often counterweighted, so the pole is easily tipped. Boom gates are often paired either end to end, or offset appropriately to block traffic in both directions. Some boom gates also have a second arm, which pivots on links that allow the second arm to hang 300 to 400 mm below the upper arm when it descends into the horizontal position, to increase approach visibility.
Automatic Boom Barrier:-
There are various technologies for Automatic Boom Barrier and Out of them Electro- Mechanical is one of them, which is a widely accepted technology and a full proof technology also. rest of other technologies are just manufacturer specific only. 
These electro mechanical device comes with 24VDC Drive unit which can run continuously without generating heat, so electro-mechanical boom barrier can be operated Continuously. These electro mechanical boom barrier can be use in Intensive Duty Cycle.
Operation / Integration of Automatic Boom Barrier:-
An Automatic boom barrier can be operated through-
1. Normal Push Button - Beninca Push Button
2. Remote Control - 
3. RFID Tags / RFID Reader
4. Loop Detector
5. Any third party access control device.
Safety Of Boom Barrier
Automatic Boom Barrier being installed on main entrance / gate is vulnerable / prone to accident, so nowadays boom barrier comes with LED LIGHT ON ARM OF BOOM which keeps on blinking even in closed position and user or the passerby get notic that some obstacle is there on gate. Still if some vehicle hits barrier, the user can not make an excuse that he was not able to see the barrier.
So use barrier with LED LIGHT ON ARM to Avoid accident. All Beninca Barrier comes with Led light on arm.
Also Photocell Safe beam is used for Safety purpose.
OEM for Boom Barrier
There are various OEM for Automatic Boom Barrier, out of which some famous OEM is -
1. Beninca SpA, Italy
2. Etc.
Boom gates are typically found at level (rail) crossings, drawbridges, parking facilities, checkpoints and entrances to restricted areas. They are also the usual method for controlling passage through toll booths, and can also be found on some freeway entrance ramps which are automatically controlled to drop to restrict traffic in the event of accident cleanup or road closures without the need to dispatch road workers or law enforcement to use a vehicle to block the way.
Some boom gates are automatic and powered, others are manually operated. Manual gates are sometimes hung in the manner of a normal gate (i.e. hinged horizontally).
In some places, boom gates are installed across suburban streets as a traffic calming measure, preventing through traffic, while allowing authorised vehicles such as emergency services and buses to take advantage of the shorter and more direct route.

</doc>
<doc id="2848451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848451" title="George Henry Hall, 1st Viscount Hall">
George Henry Hall, 1st Viscount Hall

George Henry Hall, 1st Viscount Hall PC (31 December 1881 – 8 November 1965) was a British Labour politician. He served Secretary of State for the Colonies between 1945 and 1946 and as First Lord of the Admiralty between 1946 and 1951.
Background.
Born in Penrhiwceiber, Glamorganshire, Hall started work at the Penrikyber colliery at 12 years of age. He continued to work as a collier until appointed checkweigher in 1911, and then to act as checkweigher Local Agent at the South Wales Miners' Federation until elected to Parliament in 1922.
Political career.
Hall was Member of Parliament (MP) for Aberdare from 1922 to 1946 and served under Ramsay MacDonald as a Civil Lord of the Admiralty from 1929 to 1931, under Winston Churchill as Under-Secretary of State for the Colonies from 1940 to 1942, as Financial Secretary to the Admiralty from 1942 to 1943 and as Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs from 1943 to 1945 and under Clement Attlee as Secretary of State for the Colonies from 1945-1946. He was appointed a Privy Counsellor in 1942 and on retirement from the House of Commons in 1946 he was raised to the peerage as Viscount Hall, of Cynon Valley in the County of Glamorgan, He then served as First Lord of the Admiralty under Attlee from 1946 to 24 1951 and as Deputy Leader of the House of Lords from 1947 to 1951.
Personal life.
Lord Hall died in Leicester in November 1965, aged 83, and was succeeded by his son, William.

</doc>
<doc id="2848455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848455" title="James Cannon, Jr.">
James Cannon, Jr.

James Cannon, Jr. (November 13, 1864 – September 6, 1944) was an American Bishop of the Methodist Episcopal Church, South, elected in 1918. He was also a prominent leader in the temperance movement in the United States in the 1920s until derailed by scandal. H. L. Mencken said in 1934: "Six years ago he was the undisputed boss of the United States. Congress was his troop of Boy Scouts, and Presidents trembled whenever his name was mentioned... But since that time there has been a violent revolution, and his whole world is in collapse."
Birth and family.
Cannon was born in Salisbury, Maryland, the son of James and Lydia R. (Pimrose) Cannon. The younger Cannon married Miss Lura Virginia Bennet of Louisa County, Virginia August 1, 1888.
Education.
Cannon was educated in the schools of Salisbury. He earned his A.B. degree from Randolph–Macon College in 1884. He earned his A.M. from Princeton University in 1889.
The degree of Doctor of Divinity was conferred upon Cannon in 1903 by Randolph-Macon College. Princeton University awarded him an honorary D.D. degree.
Ordained ministry.
He was admitted on trial by the Virginia Annual Conference of the M.E. Church, South in 1888. He served the following appointments: Charlotte Circuit (1888–89), Newport News (1889–91) and Farmville (1891–94). He then became the Principal of the Blackstone Female Institute (1894-1911), and of the Blackstone College for Girls (1914-1918). He also served as the editor of the "Baltimore-Richmond Christian Advocate," a periodical of his denomination, beginning in 1904. Cannon also was the Secretary of Education of his annual conference for some years.
Temperance Movement.
Cannon was the Superintendent of the Virginia State Anti-Saloon League, beginning in 1909, as well as Legislative Superintendent of the Anti-Saloon League of America. His appointment as bishop in 1918 gave him nationwide influence as he worked zealously to achieve national prohibition through the Eighteenth Amendment. 
After the death of Anti-Saloon League leader Wayne Wheeler in 1927, Cannon, chairman of the Methodist Board of Temperance and Social Service, emerged as the most powerful leader of the temperance movement in the United States. Mencken said of Cannon that, "Congress was his troop of Boy Scouts and Presidents trembled whenever his name was mentioned."
Virginia politics.
Cannon worked closely with the "Ring," the dominant conservative faction in Virginia politics, headed by Senator Thomas Staples Martin. The Ring dropped its opposition to prohibition and allowed the state to go dry in 1915, Cannon's first great triumph. Senator Carter Glass became his bitter enemy and started finding irregularities in the bishop's finances, discovering that Cannon, while president of Blackstone College (a small private girls' school in Virginia), had purchased a large quantity of flour in 1917 and, taking advantage of wartime shortages, had resold it not long after at a considerable profit shortly after he became bishop in 1918. Glass kept the information secret. Cannon's national activities in the 1920s reduced his visibility and power in Virginia. In 1921 the old Ring dissolved, replaced by the "Byrd Organization" of Harry Flood Byrd, Sr., which controlled the state for decades.
When the 1928 Democratic Convention chose wet leader Alfred E. Smith for president, Cannon was outraged at this "betrayal" of the dry cause, and helped organize the Anti-Smith Democratic movement in the South. Soon Virginia and upper South states were leaning toward Republican Herbert Hoover Hoover and he did carry them. However the new Virginia machine led by Byrd and Glass supported Smith and decided Cannon had to be destroyed for ruining party unity in the Solid South. Glass sent investigators to look into Cannon's financial dealings. Cannon, who had never been a candidate for political office, assumed Hoover's victory in Virginia made the state ripe for himself, and spread rumors he would challenge Glass for the Senate seat. He supported a coalition of Anti-Smith Democrats and Republicans to win the governorship for Dr. William Moseley Brown of Washington and Lee College.
Personality and character.
One biographer described Cannon as an unpleasant and deceitful person. Although he “loved power and prestige, profit and pleasure,“ Cannon was a distant and aloof individual. One Anti-saloon League colleague described him as “cold as a snake” and another, with whom he has worked closely for forty years, reported having never seen him laugh and rarely smile.
Glass released information that Cannon had been engaged in shady or illegal stock market manipulations. Fellow bishops called for a church investigation. Reports that he used Methodist church money to support the Anti-Smith Democrats in 1928 led to federal investigations. Cannon proclaimed his innocence, but with disclosure of the wartime hoarding, the charges were mounting faster than his friends could deny them. Cannon's candidate was defeated for governor, and Glass kept pushing for more action. In 1930 the bishops decided to bring Cannon to trial before a church court, which voted not to find him guilty by a vote of 54 to 11. Then the national newspapers published private letters between Cannon and his secretary showing they were having an affair before his first wife died. The bishops reopened the case and the church again voted not to convict its bishop, this time from the adultery charges. In October 1931, a federal grand jury brought criminal charges against Cannon for violating federal election laws, alleging he borrowed $65,000 for the campaign but kept $48,000 for himself. After a complex series of trials and appeals Cannon was not found guilty in 1934, but the revelations had destroyed his stature. The highly publicized episodes left Cannon's reputation ruined and helped discredit the prohibition movement as immoral, thus contributing to the repeal of prohibition.
Death and burial.
Cannon died September 6, 1944 and is buried at Hollywood Cemetery in Richmond, Virginia.
References.
[http://www.tngenweb.org/records/davidson/nca/nca15-10.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="2848467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848467" title="Ana Lucia Cortez">
Ana Lucia Cortez

Ana Lucia Cortez is a fictional character on the ABC television series "Lost", played by Michelle Rodriguez. Ana Lucia made her first appearance as a guest star in the first season finale, and became part of the main cast for season two. After Oceanic Flight 815 splits in mid-air, the tail section and fuselage crash on opposite sides of a mysterious island. Ana Lucia becomes the leader of the tail section. Flashbacks in her two centric episodes, "Collision" and "Two for the Road", show her life as a police officer before the crash.
Rodriguez provoked controversy after being stopped by the police for driving under the influence a few weeks before her character was killed, leading to speculation that this was the reason for her death. The producers of "Lost" stated that Rodriguez was only interested in appearing for one season, so Ana Lucia's death was written in from the beginning. She is shot and killed by Michael Dawson.
Arc.
Prior to the crash Ana Lucia Cortez is an officer in the Los Angeles Police Department who becomes pregnant, but loses the baby after being shot by a suspect at a burglary scene. She spends several months in physical and psychological therapy, and when the suspect is arrested, she refuses to identify him. After his release, she kills him outside a bar. Ana Lucia decides to leave the force and eventually finds work as an airport security guard. She meets Christian Shephard (John Terry) at the airport bar, who asks her to accompany him to Sydney as a bodyguard, however in Sydney the two part ways. Ana Lucia buys a ticket on Oceanic Flight 815 to return to Los Angeles. In a brief flashback in the first season finale, she flirts with Jack Shephard (Matthew Fox) at a bar at the airport, unaware he is Christian's son. The pair arrange to continue their conversation during the flight. During the flight the plane splits in half, with the two parts crashing on different sides of an island; Ana Lucia is one of the tail section survivors.
The story of how the tail section survivors cope during their first forty-eight days on the Island is shown in "The Other 48 Days". After landing in the ocean, Ana Lucia does her best to help everyone in need. That night, some of the survivors are kidnapped by the Others, the mysterious inhabitants of the Island, then a few nights later, nine more are taken. During the second raid, Ana Lucia kills one of the Others and finds a list on him, which has descriptions of the victims. Suspecting fellow survivor Nathan (Josh Randall) as a traitor, she moves everyone inland, digs a pit and throws him in it until he confesses. When he disappears one night, the small group heads further inland, discovering a bunker known as the . Ana Lucia and Goodwin (Brett Cullen) trek atop a hill, where she tells Goodwin she has worked out he is the real traitor. After a struggle, she impales him on a broken stick, then returns to the group and tells them they are safe. Fellow tail section survivors Libby (Cynthia Watros) and Cindy (Kimberley Joseph) bring Jin (Daniel Dae Kim) to her after discovering him washed up on shore. He breaks free, so Ana Lucia follows and finds Michael (Harold Perrineau) and Sawyer (Josh Holloway). Jin, Michael and Sawyer are thrown into the pit, and Ana Lucia follows, pretending to have also been captured. Once she believes they are fellow 815 survivors she releases them, and they travel to the camp of the other survivors. When they near the camp, Ana Lucia mistakes Shannon (Maggie Grace) for an Other and shoots her fatally. The on-island events of "Collision" show her guilt after Shannon's death. She has Shannon's lover Sayid (Naveen Andrews) tied up and refuses to let the group move on. After some reasoning from Libby, she reluctantly lets them go. She is invited into a bunker the fuselage survivors found to interrogate a man claiming to be Henry Gale (Michael Emerson), and manages to receive a map to his crashed balloon. She takes Sayid and Charlie (Dominic Monaghan) with her, and eventually discovers the crash site, and the body of the real Henry Gale. In her second centric episode, "Two for the Road", Ana Lucia attempts to speak to Henry again, but she is assaulted by him and nearly killed. Seeking revenge, she seduces Sawyer and steals his gun. She returns to the hatch and attempts to kill Henry, but is unable to bring herself to do it. She confides in Michael, who offers to kill him on her behalf. 
But when she hands him the gun, he shoots her in the heart, killing her. She is buried next to Libby, who was also killed by Michael. After her death she makes three further appearances: in a dream to Mr. Eko (Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje) in "?", as a vision that Hurley (Jorge Garcia) has in "The Lie", and in a flash sideways in "What They Died For".
Personality.
Ana Lucia was described by Melanie McFarland of the "Seattle Post-Intelligencer" as "demanding", "hostile" and a "bully". She called Ana Lucia a "brooding, broken ex-cop" with a "perpetual scowl". McFarland described the character as someone with a "take-charge nature", and an "inability to be reasoned away from her dictatorial decisions". Anna Johns from AOL's TV Squad felt Ana Lucia is "abrasive and lacking common sense or civility". C. K. Sample, also from TV Squad, thought Ana Lucia was "angry", "power mad" and a "total nut job". According to supervising producer Leonard Dick, "Ana Lucia is somebody who does not want to be a victim. She was a victim once and she swore to herself she would never be a victim again". Rodriguez described the character as "very intuitive", adding "I like that the character is pretty much always aware and suspicious". She is "street smart" and has a "speak-her-mind quality".
Development.
In February 2005, "Lost" producers began looking for a Latina woman in her mid-thirties who would be the leader of the tail section, and a romantic interest for Jack. The agent of Michelle Rodriguez (who was 26 at the time) called the producers, informing them Rodriguez was interested in the role, but only for a year. Rodriguez, producers Damon Lindelof and Carlton Cuse, and "Lost" creator J. J. Abrams met, and Rodriguez explained she would only be interested in one season because she was a "nomadic spirit", but would like to do one "kickass arc" as she called it. The producers liked her energy, so agreed, with the plan to kill Ana Lucia at the end of the season. Rodriguez felt she had been typecast in tough female roles, so wanted this role to be different. Ana Lucia was planned to start as a tough character, because that is what the audience would expect, then the layers of the character would be gradually peeled back. Rodriguez described Ana Lucia as an "animalistic type creature... tamed by the Island." They reconstructed the character slightly to fit what they liked about Rodriguez, such as making her more "street smart" with a "speak-her-mind quality." Ana Lucia made her first appearance in the penultimate episode of season one, in order to set up her character becoming part of the cast in the next season. All Rodriguez was told about her character was both she and her mother were in the police force. Ana Lucia's style of leadership deliberately contrasts Jack's; Jack is a reluctant leader, whereas Ana Lucia quickly takes charge on her own. In her early appearances, Ana Lucia is shown to be very tough, so the flashbacks in "Collision", where it is revealed she lost her baby, were used to show a softer side to her.
When it came time to kill off Ana Lucia, the character of Libby was killed at the same time to create an emotional impact. This happened amidst rumours that the characters were killed off because both actresses in question had been arrested for DUI while filming on location in Oahu. The producers denied that Ana Lucia was killed off because of Rodriguez's behaviour on set, saying although they had no interaction with her, they had been told she had been professional. Rodriguez felt comfortable on the series, but was happy to leave as she felt this would help her grow personally, and become a woman. She had mixed feelings about leaving Hawaii, where "Lost" is filmed; her allergies were hard to deal with, but she loved the scenery.
Reception.
Melanie McFarland from "Seattle Post-Intelligencer" described Ana Lucia as "one of the most intensely hated characters on television the fall 2005", due to her being "hostile" and a "bully". She added Ana Lucia murdering Shannon, "the least deserving of sympathy of all the previously known survivors", made fans hate Ana Lucia even more. McFarland found this makes "the creation of her character, and Rodriguez's hire, strokes of brilliant writing and casting on the part of "Lost" producers J.J. Abrams and Damon Lindelof", and described her as a "hero stewed in pathos". Anna Johns from TV Squad was unhappy at the prospect of Ana Lucia's death, feeling Ana Lucia was important because she was a "love to hate" character, she disrupted the Jack-Kate-Sawyer love triangle, and created conflicts, which make the show interesting. Amy Amatangelo from Zap2it admitted she "enjoyed kind of loathing Ana Lucia". In a later article, she described Ana Lucia's death as "a brilliant move", because "one of their own become one of "them"". She added "nobody liked the Ana Lucia character anyway", but that did not stop it being "one of second season's most jaw-dropping moments". Alan Stanley Blair from SyFy Portal "cheered when she was shot". Ana Lucia's death was second in IGN's list of the top ten "Lost" deaths, as she made an "immediate impact on the series" with an "unexpected end". On the second season DVD, supervising producer Leonard Dick says "Michelle brought real strength, a dynamic element, to the role". In 2006, Michelle Rodriguez co-won the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series with the cast of "Lost". She also won an ALMA Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Television Series.

</doc>
<doc id="2848468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848468" title="Neil Carter">
Neil Carter

Neil Carter may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2848471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848471" title="Big Brother (magazine)">
Big Brother (magazine)

Big Brother was a skateboarding magazine founded by Steve Rocco in 1992, which was notable for ushering in street skating and the sub-culture of skateboarding. "Big Brother" ceased publication in 2004.
No subject was taboo. Early articles featured step by step ways to commit suicide and rip-off schemes such as how to make a fake ID. They would often use odd gimmicks like printing the magazine in different sizes, packaging it in a cereal box, and throwing in items like trading cards and a cassette tape. Early writers were Sean Cliver, Earl Parker (Thomas Schmidt) Jeff Tremaine, Marc McKee, Mike Ballard, Pat Canale, and others.
They also released a few videos, including "Shit", then "Number 2", with a few stunts and pranks, but the videos were mostly skateboarding-oriented.
History.
The magazine contained mostly articles about skateboarding, as well as some nudity, stunts, pranks, and random ramblings from its staff. Its later days were characterized by the clever wordplay of editors Dave Carnie and Chris Nieratko. The magazine was purchased by Larry Flynt in 1997. After Flynt began publishing the magazine, the nudity was toned down or scrapped altogether, though the vulgarity remained.
In 1998, Dr. Laura Schlessinger was in Beach Access, a Costa Mesa surf shop, with her son when she began perusing "Big Brother". Schlessinger deemed the magazine to be "stealth pornography" and said so on her radio show. When Tom Moore, the owner of Beach Access, publicly denied that she found pornography in his store, Schlessinger sued Moore for lying and claimed that his denial had hurt her reputation. When Schlessinger's case went to court, the judge said it was a frivolous lawsuit and dismissed it. Moore's $4M countersuit against Schlessinger, lodged for hurting the reputation of his store (defamation) was allowed to stand. The suit has since been settled, but terms of the settlement have not been revealed. Behind the scenes and off the record, Moore's lawyers and friends claimed victory, indicating the settlement was "about the amount of a moderately priced Orange County home" (at the time, $650,000 to $2 million).
In one of the most bizarre episodes of the magazine's history, the subscriber list for "Big Brother" got mixed up with "Taboo", one of Larry Flynt's hardcore magazines: "Big Brother" subscribers were sent pornography, and those who subscribed to "Taboo" got a skate magazine. This incident was parodied on "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno" in which one of the band members was delivered an issue of "Big Brother" live on stage, suggesting that he subscribed to "Taboo" and received it in error.
The magazine was unexpectedly dropped by Larry Flynt publications in February 2004. In early 2008, it was announced on Jackassworld.com that "Big Brother" would be returning in a digital format. Also noted on jackassworld.com, a "Big Brother" documentary is being planned.
Volume 1 No. 1 of KingShit Magazine, based in Toronto, Ontario was released May, 2009. Dave Carnie is the editor-at-large and Chris Nieratko is a contributing editor.
"Big Brother" was also credited for the development of the television series "Jackass", as Jeff Tremaine recalled in the "Jackass" episode "Where Are They Now?".
"Big Brother" videos.
Each of the titles in "Big Brother"'s videos dealt in some way with feces.
Shit.
Year Released: 1996
Number Two.
Year Released: 1998
boob.
Year Released: 1999
Crap.
Year Released: 2001

</doc>
<doc id="2848474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848474" title="ARA Almirante Brown (C-1)">
ARA Almirante Brown (C-1)

The Almirante Brown was a "Veinticinco de Mayo"-class heavy cruiser in service with the Armada of the Argentine Republic during World War II. The ship was named in honour of Admiral Guillermo Brown, the Father of the Argentine Navy. "Almirante Brown" was built by Odero in Genoa (Italy), laid down 27 November 1927, launched on 11 August 1929, and completed 11 July 1931. Her total displacement was 6,800 tons. The ship was broadly similar to the Italian Trento Class but was armed with three twin 7.5-in gun turrets as against four 8-in. Another important difference was the repositioning of the boilers, which gave the ship a single funnel. On trials the cruiser reached its contracted speed of 32 knots. As completed the ship had a short funnel but it was subsequently raised. During the Second World War the ship finally received the catapult which had been included in the original design. The catapult and crane were carried on the centreline between the funnel and mainmast, with two Grumman floatplanes. When built six twin 100-mm antiaircraft guns were mounted at forecastle deck level but these were later replaced by twin 40-mm Bofors guns.
"Almirante Brown" was decommissioned on 27 June 1961 and sold for breaking up in Italy in 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="2848475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848475" title="Contract Work Hours and Safety Standards Act">
Contract Work Hours and Safety Standards Act

The Contract Work Hours and Safety Standards Act (CWHSSA) is a United States federal law that covers hours and safety standards in construction contracts.
The Act applies to federal service contracts and federal and federally assisted construction contracts worth over $100,000, and requires contractors and subcontractors on covered contracts to pay laborers and mechanics employed in the performance of the contracts one and one-half times their basic rate of pay for all hours worked over 40 in a workweek. This Act also prohibits unsanitary, hazardous, or dangerous working conditions on federal and federally financed and assisted construction projects.

</doc>
<doc id="2848481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848481" title="Evernote">
Evernote

Evernote is a suite type of software and services, designed for notetaking and archiving. A "note" can be a piece of formatted text, a full webpage or webpage excerpt, a photograph, a voice memo, or a handwritten "ink" note. Notes can also have file attachments. Notes can be sorted into folders, then tagged, annotated, edited, given comments, searched and exported as part of a notebook.
Evernote supports a number of operating system platforms (including OS X, iOS, Chrome OS, Android, Microsoft Windows, Windows Phone, BlackBerry, and webOS) and also offers online synchronisation and backup services.
Founded by Stepan Pachikov, the Evernote web service launched into open beta on June 24, 2008 and reached 11 million users in July 2011. In October 2010, under the present CEO Phil Libin, the company raised a US$ 20 million funding round led by DoCoMo Capital with participation from Morgenthaler Ventures and Sequoia Capital. Since then, the company has raised an additional US$50 million in funding led by Sequoia Capital and Morgenthaler Ventures, and another US$70 million in funding led by Meritech Capital and CBC Capital. On November 30, 2012, Evernote raised another US$85 million, in funding led by AGC Equity Partners/m8 Capital and Valiant Capital Partners.
Cumulative Financing by all above fundings is US$225 million.
Evernote is available in a paid version or a more restricted free version. Use of the online service is free up to a certain monthly usage limit, with additional monthly use reserved for paying subscribers.
Data storage and access.
On supported operating systems, Evernote stores and edits the user's notes on their local machine.
Users with Internet access and an Evernote account can also have their notes automatically synchronized with a master copy held on Evernote's servers. This approach lets a user access and edit their data across multiple machines and operating system platforms, but still view, input and edit data when an Internet connection is not available. However, notes stored on Evernote servers are not encrypted.
Where Evernote client software is not available, online account-holders can access their note archive via a web interface or through a media device.
The Evernote software can be downloaded and used as "stand-alone" software without using the online portion of an Evernote account (online registration is required for initial setup, however), but it will not be able to upload files to the Evernote server, or use the server to synchronize or share files between different Evernote installations. Also, no image or Image-PDF (Premium only) recognition and indexing will take place if the software is used entirely offline.
Data entry.
As well as the keyboard entry of typed notes, Evernote supports image capture from cameras on supported devices, and the recording of voice notes. In some situations, text that appears in captured images can be recognized using OCR and annotated. Evernote also supports touch and tablet screens with handwriting recognition. Evernote web clipping plugins are available for the most popular Internet browsers that allow marked sections of webpages to be captured and clipped to Evernote. If no section of a webpage has been highlighted, Evernote can clip the full page. Evernote also supports the ability to e-mail notes to the service, allowing for automated note entry via e-mail rules or filters.
Where suitable hardware is available, Evernote can automatically add geolocation tags to notes.
The online service also allows selected files to be shared for viewing and editing by other users, and allows integration with Twitter for storing or forwarding "tweets". Users can also use Twitter to add notes to Evernote remotely, by sending tweets from any Twitter-capable device.
"Free" and "Premium" accounts.
The free online service premium service is also available at US$5 per month or $45 per year for 1,024 MB/month usage . As well as the larger per-month upload limit, the premium service features faster word recognition in images, greater security, and text searching within PDF files. Another advantage of the premium service is more options in the sharing process. Both free and premium Evernote users can share notebooks privately with other Evernote users. However, notebooks shared by premium users have the added benefit of allowing the premium user to give even non-premium users the permissions to edit the contents of the shared notebook. Non-premium users can share notebooks---but cannot give others permission to also edit the notebooks. The free service does not make files available offline on iOS and Android devices; while sometimes they are available from cache, editing these files can cause conflicts when synchronising. All Evernote accounts, both free and premium, have a maximum limit of 100,000 notes and 250 notebooks.
Supported platforms.
Evernote clients are available for Microsoft Windows, OS X, Android, iOS (iPhone, iPad, iPod Touch), Windows Mobile, Windows Phone, WebOS, Maemo, BlackBerry (including BlackBerry Playbook), and Google Wave platforms as well as a beta for Symbian S60 5th Edition. There are portable versions of Evernote available for flash drives and U3 drives. There is currently no officially supported native client for Linux or BSD (see below for unofficial clients).
There is substantial variation in supported features on different platforms: for example it is possible to edit rich text and sketches on Windows; on Mac it is possible to edit rich text, but only view sketches; and on the iPad only plain text could be edited prior to version 4.1.0 (August 2011).
Web clipping support is installed by default on the Internet Explorer and Safari browsers when the Evernote software is installed under Windows or OS X. Evernote web-clipping plugins are also available for the Yandex Browser, Firefox, Opera, and Google Chrome browsers, and need to be downloaded and installed separately from the respective browser.
The Evernote email-clipper is automatically installed in Microsoft Office Outlook if the desktop version is installed on the same computer. There is a Thunderbird email plugin, which must be installed separately from the Thunderbird client.
Unofficial clients.
There are some third-party clients for Evernote:
Skitch.
Skitch is a screenshot editing and sharing utility for OS X which was originally developed by Plasq. The app permits the user to add shapes and text to an image, and then share it online. Images can also be exported to various image formats. Skitch was acquired by Evernote on August 18, 2011. Evernote offers the app free of charge for OS X, iOS, Windows 8, and Android devices.
Security breach.
On March 2, 2013, Evernote revealed that hackers had gained access to their network and been able to access user information, including usernames, email addresses, and hashed passwords. All users were asked to reset their passwords.
Following the password reset, Evernote accelerated plans to implement an optional two-factor authentication option for all users.
Denial of Service attack.
On June 11, 2014, Evernote suffered a crippling Denial of Service attack that prevented customers from accessing their information. The attackers demanded ransom from Evernote, which Evernote refused to pay.
2013 news.
On August 13, 2013, "The New York Times" reported that Telefónica Digital and Evernote entered into a global partnership agreement. The partnership will give Brazilian customers of Telefónica Digital free access to Evernote Premium for one year. Under this global deal Telefónica users in Costa Rica, Guatemala, Panama, the UK and Spain were also offered the promotion. 
On May 7, 2013, "TechCrunch" reported that Evernote launched Yinxiang Biji Business into the Chinese market at the Global Mobile Internet Conference. 

</doc>
<doc id="2848492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848492" title="Space Opera (novel)">
Space Opera (novel)

Space Opera is a novel by the American science fiction author Jack Vance, first published in 1965 (New York: Pyramid Books).
Plot introduction.
This is a ‘stand-alone’ work, not part of any of Vance's numerous novel sequences, though the human-colonized stellar regions in which it takes place are similar to that of many of his stories. (Attempts to classify it as a member of Vance’s ‘Gaean Reach' sequence are undoubtedly mistaken; the term does not occur in it and the book was written some years earlier than those which clearly form that series. It also seems to take place at a much earlier stage of human expansion through the galaxy.) It is one of his most frankly comic tales, though in fact almost all his books contain subversively comedic elements.
The comedy begins with the title. The term ‘space opera’ is understood in SF circles to connote a colourful interstellar adventure, a clash of good and evil with all the panoply and apparatus of spacefleets and galactic empires. Vance’s novel is instead about an opera company touring in outer space. (He has stated that the title was not his choice: he was commissioned to write a book with that title, and this was what he came up with.)
Plot summary.
On Earth, audiences are entranced by the musical entertainments staged by an alien troupe, the Ninth Company of the planet Rlaru. Dame Isabel Grayce (one of a long line of formidable society matrons in Vance’s works) has sponsored the entertainments; when the Ninth Company disappears without a trace, she proposes to recoup her losses and bring culture to the wastes of space by forming an opera company which Adolph Gondar (the discoverer of Rlaru) will pilot on a tour of suitable planets, with Rlaru as ultimate destination. Singers, orchestra, a British conductor (Sir Henry Rixon) are engaged; an argumentative critic, Bernard Bickel, who thinks the Ninth Company were fakes, is hired as musical consultant. Dame Isabel’s indolent and aptly named nephew Roger Wool (one of a long line of Vancian put-upon nephews) tags along also, smuggling his new girlfriend Madoc Roswyn, who claims to be a simple girl from Merioneth in Wales, aboard the ship as a stowaway.
Like many of Vance’s works, the novel is a picaresque; Gondar has his own reasons for not returning to Rlaru, and diverts the company half way round the galaxy, with various adventures or humiliations occurring on the different planets they touch down on. (There are some similarities with Vance’s later novel "Showboat World", which has a travelling company presenting performances of Shakespeare’s "Macbeth" to generally uncomprehending audiences along an immense river on a distant planet.) Over the course of the voyage, the company stages several celebrated works, such as Beethoven’s "Fidelio", Mozart’s "The Magic Flute" and "Così fan tutte", Rossini’s "The Barber of Seville", and Wagner’s "Tristan und Isolde" and "Flying Dutchman". These are performed before various human or non-human audiences, the libretti and costumes sometimes having to be adapted to become understandable to alien cultures. On the whole, due to such cultural disparities, their reception is far from that expected by Dame Isabel: on a penal colony planet, for instance, the performances are made the cover for a jail-break; on a planet inhabited by a race priding themselves on their musical talents, the productions are vetted by an artistic inspector and the company is fined for every unresolved dissonance in the scores performed; on still another, the performance is mistaken for a trade exhibition and the aliens attempt to buy some of the singers.
While Gondar is confined to his cabin, apparently insane, Madoc Roswyn induces his deputy to take the ship to the distant planet Yan. It emerges that her remote ancestors inhabited a land now sunk beneath the Bay of Biscay whose people had colonized that planet and there developed a high civilization. (Here we detect the germ of Vance’s later major fantasy trilogy "Lyonesse", the heroine of whose third volume is named Madouc.) A group had returned to Earth thousands of years later, but their spacecraft was destroyed and they were forced to settle in Wales, ever intending to return to Yan. Madoc is their last descendant. She is disappointed by what she finds: Yan’s cities are dust and its folk have reverted to barbarism, hiding in the forests. Although the company present Debussy's "Pelléas" to try to establish communication with the unseen inhabitants, they barely escape with their lives.
Eventually the voyage ends at Rlaru. It turns out that Gondar had abducted the Ninth Company from the planet; he is suitably punished by the natives, who demonstrate a capacity to creatively manipulate illusion and environment far beyond anything their Earth visitors can achieve. They listen to several operas with mounting boredom, but are utterly entranced by an impromptu washboard jazz band formed by some members of the crew, which has been a source of annoyance to the opera-lovers throughout the voyage. (Vance was at one time a jazz musician.) Dame Isabel returns to Earth, chastened but determined not to admit it; Roger marries Madoc Roswyn and begins writing a book describing the voyage.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2848503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848503" title="Sodium polyaspartate">
Sodium polyaspartate

Sodium polyaspartate is a sodium salt of polyaspartic acid. It is biodegradable condensation polymer based on the amino acid aspartic acid.
Polymerization.
The polymerization reaction is an example of a step-growth polymerization to a polyamide and in one practical procedure aspartic acid is simply heated to 180 °C resulting in water release and the formation of a poly(succinimide). In the subsequent step, this polymer is reacted with sodium hydroxide in water, which hydrolyzes one of the two amide bonds of the succinimide ring to form a sodium carboxylate. The remaining amide bond is thus the linkage between successive aspartate units. Each aspartate unit is identified as α or β according to which carbonyl of it is part of the polymer chain. The α form has one carbon in the backbone in addition to the carbonyl itself (and a two-carbon sidechain) whereas the β form has two carbons in the backbone in addition to the carbonyl itself (and a one-carbon sidechain). This reaction gives a sodium poly(aspartate) copolymer composed of approximately 30% α-linkages and 70% β-linkages.
Uses.
This material can be synthesized in an environmentally friendly way and is biodegradeable, thus it is a green alternative to several materials such as sodium polyacrylate used in disposable diapers and agriculture.
In addition and due to its water-solubility and ability to chelate metal ions, polyaspartate is used as a biodegradeable anti-scaling agent and a corrosion inhibitor.
See also.
Polyaspartic acid

</doc>
<doc id="2848504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848504" title="Todd Harvey">
Todd Harvey

Todd Douglas Ross Harvey (born February 17, 1975 in Hamilton, Ontario and raised in Sheffield, Ontario) is a former professional ice hockey forward. He was selected in the first round of the 1993 NHL Entry Draft, 9th overall, by the Dallas Stars, following a successful junior career, which included being the captain of the Canadian team at the World Junior Hockey Championships.
Harvey grew up in the small town of Sheffield, Ontario and played his minor hockey for the Beverly Bandits of the OMHA before playing Jr.B. hockey at age 14 for the Cambridge Winterhawks. He spent two seasons playing Jr.B. in the OHA before being selected 1st overall in the 1991 OHL Priority Selection by the Detroit Jr. Red Wings of the OHL.
Although a first round selection, Harvey was never able to live up to the offensive expectations that accompanied his draft position. His intense style of hockey and smallish frame lead to numerous injuries, and after three seasons in Dallas, and a brief stint with the New York Rangers, Harvey was dealt to the San Jose Sharks, where he played a key role as a checking forward and an agitator. In his fifth season with the Sharks, Harvey was sent to the minors, and allowed to leave as a free agent.
Harvey signed with the Edmonton Oilers just prior to the NHL lockout, and joined the team when the lockout ended.
Harvey was part of the cinderella Edmonton Oiler team that made a run to the Stanley Cup Finals. However, the Oilers lost in game 7 of the finals to the Carolina Hurricanes. Harvey had 1 goal and 1 assist in the 2006 Playoffs. After that amazing cup run, Harvey was bought out for the rest of his contract along with backup goaltender Ty Conklin. Unlike Conklin, Harvey was unable to find a new team in the off-season.
In February 2007, Harvey joined the Dundas Real McCoys
On August 19, 2013 it was announced that Harvey will join the OHL's Guelph Storm as an assistant to coach Scott Walker.

</doc>
<doc id="2848509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848509" title="Thuthapuzha">
Thuthapuzha

Thuthapuzha River is one of the main tributaries of the Bharathapuzha River, the second-longest river in Kerala, south India. Kunthipuzha that flows through the Silent Valley is one of its tributaries. Elamkulam, Thiruvegappura and Pulamanthole are places of importance situated on the bank of this river.

</doc>
<doc id="2848512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848512" title="William E. Hess">
William E. Hess

William Emil Hess (1898–1986) was a Republican and a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Born in Cincinnati, Ohio, February 13, 1898; attended the public schools, the University of Cincinnati, Cincinnati, Ohio, and Cincinnati Law School; during the First World War served in the United States Army as a private; was admitted to the bar in 1919 and commenced the practice of law in Cincinnati, Ohio, the same year; member of the Cincinnati City Council 1922-1926.
He was elected as a Republican to the Seventy-first and to the three succeeding Congresses (March 4, 1929 – January 3, 1937); unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1936 to the Seventy-fifth Congress.
He resumed the practice of law; elected to the Seventy-sixth and to the four succeeding Congresses (January 3, 1939 – January 3, 1949); unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1948 to the Eighty-first Congress; elected to the Eighty-second and to the four succeeding Congresses (January 3, 1951 – January 3, 1961); was not a candidate for renomination in 1960; resumed the practice of law; was a resident of Cincinnati, Ohio, until his death there on July 14, 1986; interment in Spring Grove Cemetery. 

</doc>
<doc id="2848514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848514" title="International Federation of Audit Bureaux of Circulations">
International Federation of Audit Bureaux of Circulations

IFABC is "a voluntary cooperative federation of industry-sponsored organizations established in nations throughout the world to verify and report facts about the circulations of publications and related data." (IFABC website)
A General Assembly of members is held every second year since 1963. Assemblies have been held in New York, Paris, Munich, Copenhagen, London, Chicago, Madrid, Rio de Janeiro, Stockholm, Tokyo, Toronto, Buenos Aires, Lucerne, New Delhi, Berlin, Washington, D.C., Seville, Sydney, and Kuala Lumpur.
Membership.
They are four types of members.
Only full members have full voting rights and use of the IFABC logo and slogan.

</doc>
<doc id="2848519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848519" title="Algebraic semantics (mathematical logic)">
Algebraic semantics (mathematical logic)

In mathematical logic, algebraic semantics is a formal semantics based on algebras studied as part of algebraic logic. For example, the modal logic S4 is characterized by the class of topological boolean algebras—that is, boolean algebras with an interior operator. Other modal logics are characterized by various other algebras with operators. The class of boolean algebras characterizes classical propositional logic, and the class of Heyting algebras propositional intuitionistic logic.

</doc>
<doc id="2848520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848520" title="George Palmer (businessman)">
George Palmer (businessman)

George Palmer (18 January 1818 – 19 August 1897) was a proprietor of the Huntley & Palmers biscuit manufacturers of Reading in England.
Family life.
Palmer was born in Long Sutton in Somerset, the son of William Palmer and his wife, Mary, the daughter of William Isaac of Sturminster Newton in Dorset. His daughter Emily married the evolutionary biologist Edward Bagnall Poulton.
Business.
Palmer first became a partner in the firm 1841, when Joseph Huntley, the founder of the business, was forced to retire through ill-health and it became apparent that Thomas Huntley, his son, did not have his father's good sense of business.
Whilst it was Joseph Huntley's innovation in the introduction of the biscuit tin and in the sale of biscuits to stage coach travellers that created the business, George Palmer is generally credited with making it a major Victorian success through industrial manufacturing techniques, and by using the railways for distribution.
When Thomas Huntley died, in 1857, George Palmer was joined in the business by two brothers, William Isaac Palmer and Samuel Palmer. He was later joined by his son, George William Palmer.
Politics.
In addition to his business career, George Palmer served as mayor of Reading and represented the town in parliament. He served as Liberal Member of Parliament for the Parliamentary Borough of Reading from 1878 until 1885. 
His country estate was Marlston House in Bucklebury.
Statue.
The statue of George Palmer which now stands in Palmer Park was by sculptor George Blackall Simonds and originally sited in Broad Street. It was unveiled in 1891, the same day that Palmer Park opened. However this was moved in 1930 to its current location as it caused traffic congestion.

</doc>
<doc id="2848526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848526" title="Blinkx">
Blinkx

Blinkx (London AIM, stylized as blinkx), is an Internet Media platform that connects online video viewers with publishers and distributors, using advertising to monetize those interactions. blinkx has an index of over 35 million hours of video and 800 media partnerships; 111 patents related to the site's search engine technology, which is known as CORE. 
Founded in 2004, blinkx went public on the London Stock Exchange (AIM) in May, 2007. The company is headquartered in San Francisco, CA and London, England.
Partnerships.
blinkx powers video search for sites such as AOL and ask.com. In addition, blinkx has expanded into mobile video and Connected TV through partnerships with Samsung, Sony, Roku, Orb Networks and other companies.

</doc>
<doc id="2848536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848536" title="List of schools in Estonia">
List of schools in Estonia

This is a list of schools in Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="2848545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848545" title="George William Palmer (England)">
George William Palmer (England)

George William Palmer (23 May 1851 – 8 October 1913) was a member of the Palmer family, proprietors of the Huntley & Palmers biscuit manufacturers of Reading in England.
He was born in Reading, the son of George Palmer and his wife, Elizabeth Sarah, the daughter of Robert Meteyard. Like his father, George William Palmer served as mayor of Reading and represented the town in parliament. He served as Liberal Member of Parliament for the Reading borough constituency from 1892 to until his defeat at the 1895 general election. He regained the seat at a by-election in 1898, and held it until he resigned from Parliament in 1904.
His country estate was Marlston House in Bucklebury.

</doc>
<doc id="2848547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848547" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Jaca">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Jaca

The Diocese of Jaca (Latin, "Jaccensis") is located in northeastern Spain, in the province of Huesca, part of the autonomous community of Aragón. The diocese forms part of the ecclesiastical province of Pamplona, and is thus suffragan to the Archdiocese of Pamplona.
Jaca originally belonged to the diocese of Huesca, but after the Moorish conquest of Huesca in 713 its bishops, (known as the itinerant "Bishops of Aragon"), moved to Aragon. The episcopal seat was established in Jaca during 1063–96, then moved back to Huesca after king Pedro I of Aragon retook the city from the Moors in November 1096. The diocese of Jaca was created in 1572, carved out of the diocese of Huesca.
Jaca, capital of the mountain county of Jacetania, is situated on the left bank of the Aragon River, a tributary of the river Ebro, about 800 meters above sea-level.
The cathedral of Jaca, dedicated to the Most Blessed Virgin of El Pilar, is a basilica of Romanesque design, built in the 11th century; it was consecrated in the late 11th century and altered in the 15th–18th centuries.
A religious and civil festival is held on the first Friday of May, locally referred to as ""Primer Viernes de Mayo"", in memory of a victory said to have been won over the Moors in the 8th century by Count Aznar aided by the women of Jaca. It is celebrated with a solemn procession in which the entire cathedral chapter takes part. 
There are many hermitages around Jaca, but none more interesting than that of San Juan de la Peña, esconced within a cave in the Pyrenees. This shrine was also a monastery, royal mausoleum, and allegedly one of the many hiding places of the Holy Grail in the middle ages. It continues to be a stop along the Camino de Santiago for many pilgrims and tourists. In another cave, dedicated to La Virgen de la Cueva, locals gather annually to pay homage to "Our Lade of the Cave", a venerated shrine where Garcí Ximénez was proclaimed first King of Sobrarbe in the 8th century.
History.
Jaca was once the capital of the Jaccetani, a tribe mentioned by Strabo. This territory was the scene of battles between Sertorius and Pompey and later between Pompey's son Sextus and Caesar's generals.
Itinerant bishops of Aragon (713–1063).
Ecclesiastically, Jaca originally belonged to the Diocese of Huesca. 
When in 713 the town of Huesca was seized by the Moors, the bishop fled, and the diocese was directed from Aragon by itinerant bishops, sometimes called bishops of Aragon, sometimes bishops of Huesca or Jaca, who lived either at Jaca or in the neighbouring monasteries of San Juan de la Peña, San Pedro de Siresa, and San Adrián de Sasabe. 
Among the itinerant bishops of Aragon were:
Jaca as seat of the bishops of Huesca (1063–1096).
A council held at Jaca in 1063 determined anew the boundaries of the Diocese of Huesca, which thereafter included the present dioceses of Huesca, Jaca, and Barbastro, as well as a part of the Diocese of Lérida. Jaca was then made the permanent seat of the diocese. 
At the same time Sancho was appointed Bishop of Huesca (1058–1075), and hastened to request the Pope Alexander II to confirm the decisions of the council. In the same year of 1063, however, King Sancho Ramirez of Aragon (1063–1094) had won back from the Moors the city of Barbastro, and had granted it to the Bishop of Roda. García Ramírez, the new Bishop of Huesca (1076–1086) and brother of the king, regarded this as an infringement of the rights of jurisdiction granted the Bishop of Jaca by the Council of Jaca. He therefore renewed his petition to the new pope (Gregory VII) to have the decisions of the council confirmed, which request the pope granted (cf. Jaffé, "Reg. Pont. Roman", I, 2nd ed., Berlin, 1885, n. 5098). As, however, Bishop Raimundo of Roda also obtained the confirmation of all his privileges from Gregory, a violent dispute arose between the Bishops of Huesca and Roda as to jurisdiction over the churches of Barbastro, Bielsa, Gistao, and Alquezar, which in 1080 was decided by the king in favour of the Bishop of Roda.
Bishops' seat returns to Huesca (1096–1572).
In November 1096, King Pedro I of Aragon took back Huesca from the Moors and restored the original see. Pope Urban II decreed (May 11, 1098) that, instead of Jaca, Huesca should again be the seat of the bishop, as it had been until the year 713 (cf. Jaffé, "Reg. Pont. Roman", I, 2nd ed., Berlin, 1885, n. 5703). But Jaca itself had a separate existence under a vicar-general, independent of the Bishop of Huesca. It also retained its own cathedral chapter, which originally followed the Rule of St. Augustine, but in 1270 both this chapter and that of Huesca were secularized.
Diocese of Jaca (1572 to the present).
Jaca was again erected into a separate diocese and was made suffragan to the Metropolitan See of Zaragoza by a Bull of Pope Pius V (July 18, 1571), which decision was carried into effect on February 26, 1572. The first bishop was Pedro del Frago.
According to the diocesan statistics of 1907 Jaca possessed 73,659 inhabitants, 151 parishes, 151 parish churches, 239 public and 10 private oratories, 236 secular priests, 30 regulars, and 54 sisters. The religious institutes in the diocese are:
References.
This article draws only from other Wikipedia articles and these four sources:

</doc>
<doc id="2848553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848553" title="Jared Aulin">
Jared Aulin

Jared Aulin (born March 15, 1982) is a Canadian professional hockey centre who is currently playing with the newly promoted Örebro HK of the Swedish Hockey League. He was a second round selection of the Colorado Avalanche in the 2000 National Hockey League (NHL) Entry Draft and played 17 NHL games for the Los Angeles Kings.
Playing career.
Amateur career.
After playing with the Airdrie Extreme in 1997–98, Aulin joined the Kamloops Blazers of the Western Hockey League as 16 year-old in 1998–99, netting 26 points in 55 games and a trip to the league finals. A 55 point 1999–2000 season (57 games) attracted the attention of the Colorado Avalanche, who drafted Aulin in the 2nd round (47th overall) of the 2000 NHL Entry Draft. In the 2000–01 season with the Blazers, Aulin scored a team leading 108 points in 70 games. During this time Aulin's rights were traded by the Avalanche to the Los Angeles Kings in an exchange that saw Rob Blake head to Colorado on March 22, 2001.
Before the end of his junior career, Aulin won silver with Team Canada at the 2002 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships, collecting 9 points in 7 tournament games.
Professional career.
On June 1, 2002, Aulin signed a three-year entry level contract with the Kings. Aulin made his professional debut in the following 2002–03 season with Kings affiliate, the Manchester Monarchs. During the season, Aulin also made his NHL debut with the Kings, appearing in 17 games. Aulin scored his only two goals against the Carolina Hurricanes in an 8-2 victory on February 7, 2003.
In the 2003–04 pre-season with the Kings, Aulin suffered a shoulder injury which required surgery. Aulin remained injured for the majority of the season and was subsequently traded to the Washington Capitals for Anson Carter on March 9, 2004. Jared made his return from injury with the Capitals' AHL affiliate Portland Pirates to end the season.
Aulin spent the next two seasons with the Capitals' affiliates without a call-up to the NHL. After not being offered a contract with the Capitals for the 2006–07 season, Aulin signed with the AHL Springfield Falcons on October 7, 2006. Jared played in only 13 games with the Falcons before he was released after aggravating his recurring shoulder injury.
During the summer of 2007, Aulin returned to hockey playing in a non-contact summer league with the TH Pirates in Calgary. While leading the league in scoring, Aulin was knocked unconscious and hospitalised when he was the victim of a two-handed slash to the neck in a game. Aulin pressed charges against the offender, but the incident left him jaded and considering retirement. Aulin later returned to Hockey in the 2007–08 season with the University of Calgary in the CIS. This marked the first time in 20 years that a NHL player returned to play in the CIS.
After further shoulder rehab, Aulin attempted a return to professional hockey and was invited to the Columbus Blue Jackets training camp for the 2009–10 season. He was later reassigned to the Blue Jackets' AHL affiliate, the Syracuse Crunch, training camp and made the Crunch's opening night on a try-out basis. After 31 games with Syracuse, and placing third in scoring, Aulin was signed to an AHL contract for the remainder of the season with the Crunch on January 2, 2010.
A free agent prior to the 2010–11 season, Aulin accepted a tryout invitation to the Edmonton Oilers training before he was released during the pre-season on September 27, 2010. On October 29, 2010, Aulin belatedly left North America and signed a one-year contract with Swedish team, Leksands IF, of the second tier HockeyAllsvenkan.
On June 28, 2011, Aulin signed a one-year deal to remain in the HockeyAllsvenskan with Örebro HK.

</doc>
<doc id="2848560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848560" title="USS Lamson (DD-367)">
USS Lamson (DD-367)

The third USS "Lamson" (DD-367) was a "Mahan"-class destroyer of the United States Navy; named for Roswell Hawkes Lamson. She served in the Pacific during World War II. Lamson participated in the Battle of Tassafaronga, and remained undamaged until hit by a Japanese kamikaze during the recapture of the Philippines. "Lamson" was sunk during the Operation Crossroads atomic weapons tests at Bikini Atoll in 1946.
History.
"Lamson" was laid down 20 March 1934 by Bath Iron Works Corp., Bath, Maine; launched 17 June 1936; sponsored by Miss Francis W. Andrews; and commissioned 21 October 1936, Commander H. E. Paddock in command.
After shakedown in the Atlantic and Caribbean, "Lamson" departed Norfolk, Virginia 16 June 1937 for the Pacific. Arriving San Diego, California, 1 July, the destroyer performed exercises and tactical training operations until she sailed for Pearl Harbor 5 October 1939. "Lamson" continued training operations from her Hawaiian base for the next 2 years.
She was returning to Pearl Harbor from patrol duty during the Japanese attack 7 December 1941. After a search for the Japanese task force, the destroyer patrolled Hawaiian waters and steamed to Johnston Island to rescue civilians. Departing Pearl Harbor 6 January 1942, "Lamson" arrived Pago Pago, Samoa, 2 weeks later for ASW patrols, then was assigned to the ANZAC Squadron in the South Pacific.
During early March she arrived in the Fiji Islands to join the expanded ASW screen which was formed to keep the South Pacific supply lines open. After 6 months of patrol and screening operations, "Lamson" saw action 22 October when, with "Mahan", she attacked Japanese picket boats stationed between Gilbert and Ellice Islands. The two destroyers made a coordinated attack beating off enemy air raids and sank two enemy craft.
On 30 November, "Lamson" joined Rear Admiral Wright’s Task Force 67 during the Battle of Tassafaronga. One Japanese destroyer was sunk and one damaged while the American force lost one cruiser and three damaged. "Lamson" returned to operate in the South Pacific for the next 8 months, screening convoys en route to Guadalcanal. Constantly at sea on patrol and ASW screen, the destroyer assisted other units as they paved the way for the Allied advance across the Pacific.
Arriving Milne Bay 19 August 1943, "Lamson" joined Destroyer Squadron 5, the forerunner of the mighty 7th Fleet, to engage in the New Guinea operations. In the landings at Lae and Finschhafen during September, she joined in the preinvasion bombardment, gave fire support after the landings, and escorted to the island reinforcement convoys needed to spearhead the drive toward Japan.
After 2 months of escort duty, "Lamson" joined three other destroyers 29 November and penetrated 160 miles into enemy territory to bomb Madang, the main Japanese naval base on New Guinea. On 15 December she engaged in preinvasion bombardment of Arawe, New Britain, and, during the landings at Cape Gloucester 11 days later, downed two “Vals.” Continuing the New Guinea operation, the destroyer bombarded Saidor 2 January 1944.
After a brief overhaul at Mare Island and training at Pearl Harbor, "Lamson" arrived at Eniwetok 8 August to join the 5th Fleet. For the next 2 months she engaged in patrol duty and ASW screen in the Marshall Islands before reassignment to the 7th Fleet.
Departing Hollandia 25 October, "Lamson" steamed to the Philippines to serve as picket, patrol and screening ship for the massive Leyte assault. Throughout November the destroyer beat off numerous suicide plan attacks aimed at convoys bringing supplies to the Philippines. While screening a convoy off Ormoc Bay, "Lamson" downed two “Dinahs” before a third crashed into her superstructure, killing 25 of the destroyer’s crew and injuring 54 others.
She arrived at the Puget Sound Navy Yard 16 January 1945 for extensive repairs. Returning Eniwetok 10 May, "Lamson" operated for the rest of the war on patrol and air-sea rescue work off Iwo Jima. A fitting climax to "Lamson's" fine war record came on 3 September, when she arrived at Chichi Jima to supervise the surrender of the Bonin Islands. Following occupation duty at Sasebo, Japan for 1 month, the destroyer departed Japan 29 October for San Diego, arriving there 29 November.
Fate.
However, "Lamson" was still destined to play a valuable role in America’s progress as she arrived at Bikini Atoll later in May 1946 to participate in Operation Crossroads. The destroyer was sunk in Test Able, the atomic explosion 2 July 1946.
"Lamson" received five battle stars for World War II service.
External links.
http://www.navsource.org/archives/05/367.htm

</doc>
<doc id="2848563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848563" title="Midgic, New Brunswick">
Midgic, New Brunswick

Midgic is a Canadian rural community in Westmorland County, New Brunswick.
Located in the Sackville Parish approximately 8 kilometres east of Sackville, Midgic defines the eastern boundary of the Tantramar Marshes.
Population:100

</doc>
<doc id="2848565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848565" title="Video scaler">
Video scaler

A video scaler is a system which converts video signals from one display resolution to another; typically, scalers are used to convert a signal from a lower resolution (such as 480p standard definition) to a higher resolution (such as 1080i high definition), a process known as "upconversion" or "upscaling" (by contrast, converting from high to low resolution is known as "downconversion" or "downscaling").
Video scalers are typically found inside consumer electronics devices such as televisions, video game consoles, and DVD or Blu-ray disc players, but can also be found in other AV equipment (such as video editing and television broadcasting equipment). Video scalers can also be a completely separate devices, often providing simple video switching capabilities. These units are commonly found as part of home theatre or projected presentation systems. They are often combined with other video processing devices or algorithms to create a video processor that improves the apparent definition of video signals.
Video scalers are primarily a digital device; however, they can be combined with an analog-to-digital converter (ADC, or digitizer) and a digital-to-analog converter (DAC) to support analog inputs and outputs.
Process.
The "native resolution" of a display is how many physical pixels make up each row and column of the visible area on the display's output surface. There are many different video signals in use which are not the same resolution (neither are all of the displays), thus some form of resolution adaptation is required to properly frame a video signal to a display device. For example, within the United States, there are NTSC, ATSC, and VESA video standards each with several different resolution video formats. Multiple common resolutions are also used for high-definition television; 720p, 1080i, and 1080p.
While scaling a video signal does allow it to match the size of a particular display, the process can result in an increased number of visual artifacts in the signal, such as ringing and posterization.
Upscaling by television channels.
Some high definition cable channels which still air programming in SD, or do not have an HD channel at all, may employ scaling in order to make the programming fill the entire screen, as opposed to pillarboxing the feed instead, or for SD examples, letterboxing that would not fill the screen except in a television's "zoom" mode which causes the picture to lose most detailing in the analog format. When the U.S. cable network TNT introduced an HD feed in 2004, it controversially employed a stretching system known as FlexView (which was also offered to other broadcasters). FlexView used a nonlinear method to stretch more near the edges of the screen than in the center of it.
The practice was imposed by the senior vice president of broadcast engineering at TNT, Clyde D. Smith, who argued that pillarboxing could cause burn-in on plasma televisions, some older HDTVs could not stretch 4:3 content automatically, the quality of stretching on some displays was poor, also desired a more consistent viewing experience with no "jarring" transitions to 4:3 programming. Despite TNT's intentions, the system was frequently criticized by viewers of high definition channels, with some nicknaming the effect "Stretch-O-Vision".

</doc>
<doc id="2848571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848571" title="Everyone into Position">
Everyone into Position

Everyone into Position is the second studio album by British progressive rock band Oceansize, released on 19 September 2005 on Beggars Banquet. The album marked the final appearance of bassist Jon Ellis.
According to vocalist/guitarist Mike Vennart: "at the beginning of 'Ornament/The Last Wrongs' there are all these weird ambient noises and what it was is that a friend of ours was in the Amazon jungle and recorded all these parrots. They sounded like kids laughing and shouting, not parrots."
Song appearances.
"Music For A Nurse" was used in an ad campaign for Orange, while "Meredith" was used in an episode of the OC. Both "Music For A Nurse" and "Meredith" have also been used in the BBC drama series Waterloo Road. "Music For A Nurse" was used in the 2007 movie The Invisible during the ending and credits and was included on the soundtrack for the film.
Line-up.
Artwork.
www.seth-design.com

</doc>
<doc id="2848581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848581" title="Army Base Repair Organisation">
Army Base Repair Organisation

The Army Base Repair Organisation (ABRO) was an executive agency which reported to the United Kingdom's Ministry of Defence. It provided engineering, repair and re-manufacturing services to the British Armed Forces and also to the police and some local councils. ABRO traced its history back to the foundation of the Corps of Armourers in 1858.
History.
On 1 April 1993 the Army's static workshops in Great Britain, previously under the control of the Equipment Support Organisation, were reorganised as the Army Base Repair Organisation. It comprised the headquarters at Andover, a contract repair branch and a network of base and district workshops. It employed 3,581 civilian workers and 219 military staff.
Apart from the HQ at Andover, there were other major units at Bovington, Old Dalby, Leics, Catterick, Colchester, Donnington, Stirling and Warminster. Smaller sites were located at Bicester, Edinburgh, Sennybridge and York.
On 1 April 2002 the Army Base Repair Organisation was established as a trading fund under the name ABRO.
Its services included:
ABRO's annual turnover was typically in excess of £147 million and each year carried out work on over 1,000 product lines of military and commercial vehicles and equipment, as well as over 55,000 ad hoc repair tasks.
On 22 May 2007 it was announced by the Minister of State for Defence Equipment and Support, Lord Drayson, that ABRO would be merged with DARA, the Defence Aviation Repair Agency to become the Defence Support Group with effect from 1 April 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="2848586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848586" title="James Jackson (politician)">
James Jackson (politician)

James Jackson (September 21, 1757 – March 19, 1806) was an early Georgia politician of the Democratic-Republican Party. He was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from 1789 until 1791. He was also a U.S. Senator from Georgia from 1793 to 1795, and from 1801 until his death. In 1797 he was elected 23rd Governor of Georgia, serving from 1798 to 1801.
Early life.
Jackson was born in Moretonhampstead, Devonshire, England. He immigrated at age 15 with his family to Savannah, Georgia in 1772. During the American Revolutionary War, he served in the Georgia Militia at the defense of Savannah, the Battle of Cowpens, and the recapture of Augusta and Savannah. As a young man, Jackson became well known as a duelist with a fiery temper.
Career.
After the war, he built up his law practice in Savannah. Jackson was elected to the first Georgia state legislature. In 1788, Jackson was elected governor of Georgia, but declined the position, citing his inexperience.
In 1789, Jackson was elected to the First United States Congress. As a Jeffersonian Republican, he vigorously opposed Secretary of the Treasury Alexander Hamilton's financial plans for federal assumption of the states' debts from the Revolutionary War. He was also strongly opposed to efforts to curtail slavery. In the election of 1791, he was defeated for re-election to his seat by Anthony Wayne. Jackson was convinced that Wayne had not won his seat fairly, so he mounted a campaign against Wayne and his supporters, finally succeeding in removing Wayne from Congress.
Senator and Governor.
Jackson was elected to the U.S. Senate in 1793. Meanwhile, the state of Georgia sold millions of acres of its western lands, called the Yazoo region, at extremely low prices to a group of investors. Jackson, believing that the sale was influenced by bribery of state legislatures, resigned his post in the Senate to run for a seat in the Georgia legislature in 1795.
He won the election and began to lead a campaign to repeal the Yazoo land sale. In 1798, he won the election for governor of Georgia and proceeded to implement the legislation repealing the Yazoo land sale. Jackson placed blame for the Yazoo land fraud on his political enemies, the Federalists. He built the Georgia Democratic-Republican party and led it to statewide dominance.
Jackson was re-elected to the Senate in 1801 and served until his death in 1806. He is buried in the Congressional Cemetery, a National Historic Landmark in Washington, DC.
Legacy.
Jackson was the patriarch of a political dynasty in Georgia. His son, Jabez Young Jackson, was elected Representative from Georgia in the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth United States Congress. James Jackson's grandson, also named James Jackson, was a U.S. Representative from Georgia, a judge advocate on the staff of General Thomas "Stonewall" Jackson, and a trustee of the University of Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="2848587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848587" title="Neil Buchanan">
Neil Buchanan

Neil Buchanan (born 11 October 1961) is an English television presenter and musician best known for his work on the CITV programme "Art Attack", a television programme that he presented during its run from 1990 to 2007. He has also presented "Finders Keepers" (1991–1996), "It's a Mystery" (1996–2000), and also produced and appeared in "ZZZap!" as Smart Arty (1993–1998).
Early life.
Neil Buchanan was born in Aintree, Merseyside. He enrolled at Liverpool Art College but was turned down.
He attended Liverpool Institute High School, now the Paul McCartney-sponsored Liverpool Institute of Performing Arts.
Career.
Buchanan was in a heavy metal band called Marseille which formed in 1976. They were part of the New Wave of British Heavy Metal scene. The band has released four albums and six singles, and have also provided backing vocals for Des'ree and Gary's Guitars.
Television.
Buchanan made his television debut on a Saturday morning show called "No. 73", later renamed "7T3". He had attended the original audition, having met the "No. 73" producers when his band Marseille appeared on Southern Television's "Saturday Banana". He did not become a regular until the third series of "No. 73" shown in 1983. After production ceased on 7T3 in 1988, he went on to present "Motormouth", another Saturday morning children's programme made by TVS alongside Gaby Roslin. Buchanan stayed with "Motormouth" until the show's cancellation in 1992.
In 1990, he began presenting the CITV show "Art Attack" from its inception. In March 2000, Britt Allcroft, subsequently Gullane Entertainment, purchased the rights to the series from Buchanan in a £14 million transaction. 
In 1991, he hosted the British version of "Finders Keepers", a room-raiding game show for both TVS and Scottish Television when TVS lost their licence to broadcast. He co-hosted the show with Diane Youdale, the former "Gladiators" star, in its final series in 1996. He also presented "Animal Crazy" with co-host Jenny Powell for two series between 1994 and 1995 which was produced by the Media Merchants for Granada Television, and "It's a Mystery" alongside Sophie Aldred, from 1996 to 1999.
From 1995 to 1997, Buchanan presented the awards show "The CITV Awards", which gave viewers a chance to vote on who they think should win a CITV award.
Buchanan briefly appeared as a guest on "Celebrity Juice" on 8 November 2012 during season 8 episode 11, in which he discussed his leave from "Art Attack" and his current activities, playing with his band.
Personal life.
Buchanan has two children, Freddie and Molly.

</doc>
<doc id="2848588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848588" title="Julia Glass">
Julia Glass

Julia Glass (born March 23, 1956) is an American novelist. Her debut novel, "Three Junes", won the National Book Award for Fiction in 2002.(With acceptance speech by Glass and essay by Judy Blundell from the Awards 60-year anniversary blog.)</ref>
Glass followed "Three Junes" with a second novel, "The Whole World Over", in 2006, set in the same Bank Street–Greenwich Village universe, with three interwoven stories featuring several characters from "Three Junes". Her third novel, "I See You Everywhere", was published in 2008, and her fourth, "The Widower’s Tale", was published in 2010.
Glass was born in Boston, grew up in Lincoln, Massachusetts, and attended Concord Academy. She graduated from Yale in 1978. Intending to become a painter, she moved to New York City, where she lived for many years, painting in a small studio in Brooklyn and supporting herself as a free-lance editor and copy editor, including several years in the copy department of "Cosmopolitan" magazine. She lives in Marblehead, Massachusetts, with her partner, the photographer Dennis Cowley, and their two children, and works as a freelance journalist and editor. She is a previous winner of the William Faulkner - William Wisdom Creative Writing Competition.

</doc>
<doc id="2848591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848591" title="Georgia Military Institute">
Georgia Military Institute

The Georgia Military Institute (GMI) was established on in Marietta, Georgia, on July 1, 1851. It was burned by the Union Army during the Civil War and was never rebuilt. The current GMI is a reactivation of the name for a Georgia National Guard Officer Candidate School (OCS) curriculum.
Mission.
In January 2010, the Georgia Army National Guard established its OCS Program at GMI. It is based at the Clay Army National Guard Center (formerly NAS Dobbins) in Marietta at the 122nd Regiment - Regional Training Institute or RTI. GMI/OCS is reflagged as Charlie Company, 2nd Battalion, 122nd RTI under the 78th Troop Command of the Georgia Army National Guard. 
Current commissioning programs are available to Army National Guard soldiers in both a bi-annual Accelerated and annual Traditional program formats. A GMI graduate will receive both state and federally recognized Reserve Officer commission in the Georgia Army National Guard and US Army respectively. Coursework is accredited via Ft Benning's US Army OCS curriculum.
History.
GMI was established in Marietta, Georgia, on July 1, 1851. The campus consisted of .
Seven students started classes in July and twenty-eight men were in attendance by the end of the first year.
GMI operated regularly until the spring of 1864 when the cadets were formed into two companies and deployed to West Point, Georgia, as a result of the Civil War.
During the course of the Civil War, superintendent Francis W. Capers sent cadets to use as drill instructors for CSA, and other cadets volunteered or were drafted. On May 14, 1864, GMI Cadets fought in the Battle of Resaca and made contact with the 9th Illinois Mounted Infantry regiment. After this single engagement, the cadets were pulled off the front line.
The empty campus was burned by Sherman's troops on November 15, 1864. Following the Civil War, Georgia Military Institute was not rebuilt. In its place was founded North Georgia Agricultural College in Dahlonega, Georgia, as the Military College of Georgia.
To honor the legacy of GMI, the Georgia Army National Guard named its Officer Candidate School after it in 1961. In 2008, GMI returned to Marietta.

</doc>
<doc id="2848602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848602" title="Bolor-Tagh">
Bolor-Tagh

Bolor-Tagh is an old name for the longitudinal range in eastern Pamir Mountains (ancient Mount Imeon) extending from Kunlun Mountains in the south to the east extremity of the Trans-Alay Range in the north. Highest peaks Kongur Tagh (7649 m) and Muztagh Ata. Bolor-Tagh lies entirely in the Xinjiang province of western China. Marco Polo visited the area in 1271 during his travel to China, describing it under the name of ‘Bolor’.

</doc>
<doc id="2848606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848606" title="Jerry Livingston">
Jerry Livingston

Jerry Livingston (' Jerry Levinson'"; March 25, 1909, Denver, Colorado – July 1, 1987, Beverly Hills, California) was an American songwriter, and dance orchestra pianist.
Biography.
Livingston studied music at the University of Arizona. While there he composed his first score for a college musical. He moved to New York City in the 1930s, initially working as a pianist for dance orchestras.
From 1940s to the 1960s he had written songs for numerous films and television series, including "Cinderella" (1950), "Bronco" (1958), "77 Sunset Strip" (television series, 1958), "Hawaiian Eye" (television series, 1959), "Bourbon Street Beat" (television series, 1959), "Surfside 6" (television series, 1960), and the song "This is It" (for the 1960s "The Bugs Bunny Show"). He worked on Tin Pan Alley and co-wrote with Mack David the theme song to "Casper the Friendly Ghost".
Livingston's Broadway compositions included the musical "Molly" and the musical revue "Bright Lights of 1944", both with Mack David.
With Mack David he was nominated three times for the Academy Awards, the first time in 1951 for the song "Bibbidi-Bobbidi-Boo" from "Cinderella" (1950), again in 1960 for the song "The Hanging Tree" from the film of the same name (1959), and the last time for "The Ballad of Cat Ballou" (from the 1965 film "Cat Ballou") in 1966.
He died of a heart condition at his home in Beverly Hills, California, at the age of 78.

</doc>
<doc id="2848607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848607" title="List of schools in the Gambia">
List of schools in the Gambia

Below is a list of schools in the Gambia:
North Bank
Lower River
Central River
Upper River
References.
Deeper Life Nursery School (private)
External links.
SBEC (Shiloh Bilingual Education Centre) International Secondary and Primary School
TubabJenny and Linda's Nursery School, Sinchu Balia
Institute For Continuing Education, ICE,Upper Basic School
Institute For Continuing Education ICE,Lower Basic School
Pentecost Preschool (Jalanbanta Village)
New yundum lower basic school (new yundum village )

</doc>
<doc id="2848625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848625" title="EdFund">
EdFund

EdFund is the United States' second largest provider of student loan guarantee services under the Federal Family Education Loan Program (FFELP). It is organized as a non-profit public benefit corporation. EdFund offers students and their families a wide range of information on the value of higher education, how to pursue it, how to pay for it, and debt management. In addition, EdFund supports schools with advanced loan processing solutions and default prevention techniques. EdFund is a trusted source of information for students and their families 
Operating as an auxiliary corporation of the California Student Aid Commission, EdFund processes more than $9.3 billion in student loans in the United States annually (including Consolidation loans) and manages a portfolio of outstanding loans valued at $29 billion. 
EdFund is headquartered in Rancho Cordova, California with regional offices located throughout the United States.
History.
EdFund is a nonprofit corporation founded by the California Student Aid Commission on January 1, 1997.
EdFund was organized as a 501(c)(3) public benefit corporation pursuant to legislation authorizing the Commission to establish a nonprofit auxiliary to administer all activities associated with its participation in the federal student loan program. 
Today, EdFund provides all operational and administrative services related to the Commission’s participation in the federal student loan program, and is a growing national provider of student financial aid services.
"On August 27, 2010, the U.S. Department of Education selected Educational Credit Management Corporation (ECMC) to assume the guarantor responsibilities of CSAC effective November 1, 2010; consequently, all federal student loans guaranteed by CSAC and serviced through EdFund have been transferred to ECMC for ongoing servicing.
EdFund staff will continue to service the non-defaulted segment of the former CSAC portfolio per an agreement with ECMC. Also as part of this agreement, EdFund will provide ECMC with transition services, systems and web services."www.edfund.org
Governance.
EdFund is governed by a board of directors that meets quarterly. The company also has regional offices located across the nation.
Criticisms.
EdFund has been criticized for its collection policies and punitive practices, as well as the salaries paid to executive officers. A 2007 "San Francisco Chronicle" article describes how in certain circumstances, EdFund’s practices can take an original loan of $37,000 and drive the repayment cost well over $100,000. The article quotes Elena Ackel, a senior attorney at Legal Aid Foundation of Los Angeles, as describing EdFund as “an oppressive system.”
In 2006, a California state auditor strongly criticised EdFund, finding that the organization exercised lax oversight and made questionable spending decisions. The auditor found that EdFund spent thousands of dollars on entertainment, travel, and executive bonuses, at a time when the loan program faced an $8.3 million operating deficit. The California Student Aid Commission was cited for lax oversight of EdFund.

</doc>
<doc id="2848628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848628" title="List of World War II ships">
List of World War II ships

The List of ships of World War II is an alphabetical list of major military ships of World War II. Only warships with a displacement of 1,000 tons or greater are listed. For smaller vessels, see also list of World War II ships of less than 1000 tons. Ships known by a number, such as German u-boats, are not listed individually, although their existence is recorded.
This list does not include all ships used for military purposes, e.g.; oilers, troopships, landing craft, etc., partly for space reasons and partly since this is a list of fighting ships. In general, entries are restricted to ships that were commissioned before or during the war. Thus, some of the s and s are excluded. As an exception, however, some uncompleted Axis ships are included, for interest's sake.
For ship classes, see the list of World War II ship classes.

</doc>
<doc id="2848634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848634" title="Nikola Žigić">
Nikola Žigić

Nikola Žigić (Serbian Cyrillic: Никола Жигић ; born 25 September 1980) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a centre forward. At , Žigić is among the tallest professional players in the world.
Žigić started his career in the youth academy at AIK Bačka Topola in 1991, and joined the senior side in 1998. During his time at the club, he scored 68 goals in 76 league matches, before leaving in 2001 for Mornar. He spent one season at Mornar, scoring 15 goals in 23 league games, before switching to Kolubara in 2002, scoring 3 goals in 8 league games. A brief spell at Spartak Subotica in 2003 followed, where he scored 14 goals in 11 league games. He joined First League of Serbia and Montenegro side Red Star Belgrade in 2003, and made 110 appearances for them, scoring 71 goals. A move to Spain in August 2006 followed, with Žigić joining La Liga side Racing Santander. He spent a single season at Santander, scoring 11 goals in 33 games, before signing for La Liga side Valencia in August 2008. He scored 14 goals in 46 games, but was rarely the first choice striker, and he spent most of the 2008–09 season on loan to Racing Santander, scoring 13 goals in 19 games during his second spell at the club. Žigić joined Premier League club Birmingham City in 2010. In his first season, he scored in Birmingham's League Cup win, and despite their relegation to the Championship, remained with the club for a further three years until his contract expired.
He made his senior international debut for Serbia and Montenegro in June 2005, and has since won 57 caps for his country, scoring 20 goals. He was part of both the 2006 FIFA World Cup and 2010 FIFA World Cup squads, and briefly captained his country in 2011. Following the breakup of Serbia and Montenegro in 2006, he has played internationally for Serbia.
Club career.
Red Star.
Žigić began with modest local teams, netting at an impressive rate, after which he joined bigger club Red Star Belgrade in January 2003. During his years at the club, he played 110 matches and scored 71 goals in all competitions (cup, league and European competitions).
Racing Santander.
On 29 August 2006, Žigić signed a four-year contract with Spanish side Racing de Santander. On 1 April 2007, he scored his first hat-trick in La Liga, in a 5–4 win over Athletic Bilbao. While at Racing, he formed a formidable duo with diminutive veteran forward Pedro Munitis, and netted 12 league goals during the 2006–07 season.
Valencia.
On 8 August 2007, Sky Sports understood that Valencia CF had offered Racing €19 million for Žigić, handing the player a lucrative five-year contract. Numerous other clubs, such as SV Werder Bremen and Manchester City attempted to sign him, but Valencia eventually signed the player, announcing the £20 million deal on their official website the following day. After passing a medical the next day, Žigić was introduced at the Estadio Mestalla.
Žigić's first goal for Valencia came in a Spanish Cup match against Real Unión, adding another to turn the match around, as Valencia won 2–1. However he was unsuccessful in nailing down a starting place in the team under coach Ronald Koeman, who mostly used him as a sub or not at all. His first and only league goal came on 22 December 2007 at Real Zaragoza, as Valencia again came from behind and earned a 2–2 draw. A loan to English club Portsmouth was mooted, but Koeman changed his mind about the player leaving.
After some speculation regarding moves to the Premier League, and a thwarted loan return to former side Racing Santander, Žigić finally agreed to stay and fight for a place in 2008–09's Valencia.
Eventually, after having failed to appear in any league matches, being restricted to domestic and UEFA Cup matches, and scoring in both competitions, he was loaned in late December 2008 to former side Santander. In June 2009, there were rumours of a move to Sunderland, but nothing came of it.
Žigić was then loaned to a former team, Racing, until the end of the season. On 4 January 2009, in his first game in his second spell with the Cantabrians, Žigić scored the game's only goal in a win at Real Valladolid, repeating the feat in a win at Getafe CF, two matchdays later, and again the following week on 25 January away at Sevilla FC. He finished his second spell with 13 goals in only 19 matches, squad best, and subsequently returned to Valencia, where he continued to be rarely used in the league.
Profiting from a rare chance in the league with the "Che", Žigić headed in the only goal of the game at home to RCD Espanyol on 2 January 2010, in the 93rd minute. On 13 January, he added a brace at Deportivo de La Coruña in the 2009–10 Copa del Rey to put Valencia 2–0 up at halftime, in an eventual 2–2 draw (4–3 aggregate loss); on a more positive note, he replaced starter David Villa at Espanyol on 1 May and scored both goals in a 2–0 win (both with his feet).
Birmingham City.
On 25 May 2010, Žigić signed a four-year contract with Premier League club Birmingham City for an undisclosed fee. Media speculation suggested the fee to be in the region of £6 million. He made his debut on the opening day of the season away at Sunderland: replacing Garry O'Connor in the 58th minute, he came close to scoring from outside the penalty area and "injected a note of panic hitherto undetected" in the home team's defence as Birmingham came back from 2–0 down to secure a draw.
Žigić's first goal for the club came as Birmingham beat Milton Keynes Dons 3–1 in the League Cup on 21 September. He scored his first Premier League goal on 16 October, opening the scoring at Arsenal with a header from a Keith Fahey cross, but Birmingham lost the game 2–1. His fourth goal of the campaign was the 84th-minute winner as Birmingham progressed to the League Cup semi-final at the expense of local rivals Aston Villa. He scored the opening goal in the 2011 Football League Cup Final with a short-range header as Birmingham defeated favourites Arsenal 2–1 at Wembley Stadium on 27 February 2011. Because of "niggling" hip and groin injuries, Žigić made only two more substitute appearances. His absence deprived the team of what the "Birmingham Mail"'s reporter called their "most effective style: getting the ball forward early, pressing up the pitch and playing off him", as they were relegated to the Championship.
Žigić's first goal in the Championship gave Birmingham a 1–0 win against Leeds United in October 2011. Away to Leeds in January 2012, Žigić scored all four goals as Birmingham came back from 1–0 behind to win 4–1.
He began the 2012–13 season with a goal in the fourth minute of stoppage time to gain a point for Birmingham at home to Charlton Athletic on the opening day. On 15 February 2013, Birmingham manager Lee Clark publicly criticised Žigić for producing "possibly the worst training session in terms of a professional footballer I have ever come across", despite knowing he was due to start the forthcoming game against Watford. Up until this incident, Clark had used Žigić more often as substitute than starter. He had scored six league goals at a rate of one goal every 165 minutes, and been sent off twice. Clark said that Žigić would not be involved against Watford, but that it was "in Nikola's hands" as to whether he would prepare properly for the Sheffield Wednesday fixture three days later.
On the last day of the 2013–14 season, Birmingham needed at least a draw away at Bolton Wanderers and for other results to favour them to avoid relegation to League One. Two goals down with 12 minutes left, Žigić scored, and three minutes into stoppage time, his close-range header was cleared off the line to Paul Caddis, who headed home to preserve Birmingham's second-tier status. He left the club when his contract expired at the end of the season.
International career.
Although he attracted much attention for his performances with Red Star in the Serbo-Montenegrin league, Žigić only gained a regular place in the national team in mid-2005, after having made his debut the previous year under coach Ilija Petković.
He scored a couple of goals in some friendlies, but it was his substitute appearance in a crucial 2006 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Spain in Madrid in September 2005 that brought him international recognition. After an atrocious first-half at the Vicente Calderón Stadium, during which Serbia-Montenegro rarely crossed the centre line, only being 1–0 down, coach Petković threw Žigić into the mix, and his towering presence up front changed the flow of the match instantly. He would later set up the equalizer, also providing Mateja Kežman with a 2–1 chance, but the ball was clipped wide of Iker Casillas' gaping half-empty net. However, Serbia got the key away point and confirmed their World Cup qualification at home in Belgrade versus Bosnia-Herzegovina, with Žigić again nicely setting up Kežman for the game's only goal.
Žigić's only start at the 2006 World Cup came in the nation's final Group C match, when the team was already eliminated. He scored an early goal in the 10th minute of the first half off a long ball from Dejan Stanković against Côte d'Ivoire, in a 3–2 loss.
Still an automatic choice under new national manager Javier Clemente, his form took a dip. On 24 March 2007, Žigić received a red card during the Euro 2008 qualifying match against Kazakhstan, seconds before the end of the game. This caused him to miss the home game against Portugal. He also missed the match against Finland on 2 June 2007 after surgery on a facial injury received on 27 May.
Also playing a crucial role during the 2010 World Cup qualifiers partnering up with Marko Pantelić scoring three important goals on the way to Serbia's first qualification of a major tournament as an independent nation.
He represented his country in the 2010 World Cup. On 17 November 2010, he scored the winning goal against Bulgaria in a friendly match, which was held in Sofia, but was sent off for a second yellow card shortly before the conclusion of the game. Also scoring three goals in Euro 2012 qualifiers against Faroe islands, Slovenia and Estonia. Žigić was appointed captain of the national team when Dejan Stanković and Nemanja Vidić retired from international football after Serbia failed to qualify for Euro 2012. He captained the team in friendly defeats to Mexico and Honduras in 2011, but, , has not featured for his country since.
Career statistics.
International.
International goals.
!Goal
!Date
!Venue
!Opponent
!Score
!Result
!Competition
Honours.
Red Star
Valencia
Birmingham City
Individual

</doc>
<doc id="2848635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848635" title="As is">
As is

As is is a legal term used to disclaim some implied warranties for an item being sold. Certain types of implied warranties must be specifically disclaimed, such as the implied warranty of title. "As is" denotes that the seller is selling, and the buyer is buying an item in whatever condition it presently exists, and that the buyer is accepting the item "with all faults", whether or not immediately apparent. This is the classic "buyer beware" situation, where the careful buyer should take the time to examine the item before accepting it, or obtain expert advice. 
On the other hand, the phrase "as is" does not disclaim express warranties, such as those created by the seller's description of an item. In other words, the item may be sold "as is," but if the item does not conform to the seller's description, the buyer has a right to reject it.
For example, a seller of a used automobile sells his car to a buyer, and puts into the contract of sale the statement: "The buyer accepts the automobile AS IS, WITH ALL FAULTS." Two minutes after the buyer drives off with it, the engine seizes, and the car stalls. Unless the buyer can show that there was some fraud involved, or the seller breached an express warranty, the buyer is not entitled to a refund. This would be a specific example where fraud in the inducement could outweigh anything in the contract, express or implied: it simply doesn't matter what disclaimer or limitations may be found in the contract, if the contract is void (or voidable) for any reason.
Disgruntled buyers of real estate, and their respective improvements, may be faced with other complicated property law issues if a deed is conveyed as a result of a contract with an "as is" clause. In real estate, these are the larger potential problems than issues with the structure itself, which can be drawn out with an inspector. Searching public records is often difficult, and often done lazily by the seller; this means that the buyer may be burdened with liens on the home, and face various fees related to things such as public utilities.
In many jurisdictions disclaimer of various implied warranties is void. For instance, laws on consumer protection, and unfair contract terms may limit the ability of a manufacturer or seller to limit or exclude liability for various types of damage. See, for instance, the Unfair Terms in Consumer Contracts Regulations 1999 and Sale of Goods Act 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="2848636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848636" title="Pro Evolution Soccer 5">
Pro Evolution Soccer 5

Pro Evolution Soccer 5 (known as Winning Eleven 9 in Japan and World Soccer: Winning Eleven 9 in the North America) is a football video game developed and produced by Konami as part of the Pro Evolution Soccer series. The PlayStation 2 and Xbox versions were released on 21 October 2005 with the PC version released a week later on the 28 October.
With featuring Arsenal and Chelsea it is the first release of the series which offered fully licensed clubs from the Premier League, which is one of the 3 unlicensed leagues of the game. There are also 3 licensed leagues just like in the predecessor Pro Evolution Soccer 4. The game also includes 3 fully licensed leagues, which are the Spanish Liga Española, the Dutch Eredivisie and the Italian Serie A.
As with previous versions, the game features an edit mode allowing the player to edit certain elements of the game. It was the last release to feature the German Bundesliga (in the game as German League) before it was replaced by a generic league because of losing the licence for the following releases.
Pro Evolution Soccer 5 marked the series' first appearance on the PSP. The game was also the first in the series to feature online play for the PlayStation 2. Within online play, statistics and league points are stored on the server for each game played. These points determine a team's (player's) position within the five online divisions.
Changes.
Changes made for this version included:
Reception.
"Pro Evolution Soccer 5" received very positive reviews from most game critics, achieving a Metacritic score of 89%.

</doc>
<doc id="2848637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848637" title="Billy Mavreas">
Billy Mavreas

Billy Mavreas (born August 14, 1968) is a Canadian cartoonist and artist living in Montreal, Quebec, Canada whose mostly silent or wordless comics revolve around the themes of language, sexuality and spirituality. He is of Greek descent from the region of Mani.
His posters, featuring otherworldly creatures, especially bunnies, influenced by the Psychedelic art stylings of San Francisco artists such as Rick Griffin and Victor Moscoso, figured strongly in the Montreal literary and spoken word scene of the 1990s. 
Since 2004, Mavreas has been a regular cartoonist for "ascent magazine", a Canadian yoga magazine and "Matrix" magazine, a literary review based in Montreal. 

</doc>
<doc id="2848650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848650" title="Yves Pratte">
Yves Pratte

Yves Pratte (7 March 1925 – 26 June 1988) was a Canadian lawyer and jurist who served briefly as a Puisne Justice of the Supreme Court of Canada. 
Born in Quebec City, Quebec, son of Garon Pratte and G. Rivard. Cousin of Claude Pratte who is son of Gaston Pratte and Jeannette Verge. 
He was the father of Me Yves Pratte, a prominent lawyer who practices in both Ontario and Quebec, and André Pratte, editorial pages editor with Montreal's daily newspaper La Presse, and a fervent federalist voice in Quebec.
Pratte studied law at Université Laval and the University of Toronto. Following his admission to the bar in the province of Quebec in 1947, he practised law in Quebec City, established a successful law firm, and continued his association with Laval, becoming its Dean of Law from 1965–1968. From 1968–1974, he served as the chairman of Air Canada, which was then under the control of the Canadian National Railway, a Crown corporation. On 1 October 1977, he was appointed to the Supreme Court of Canada on the recommendation of Pierre Trudeau. His tenure on the court was brief – Pratte served less than two years before stepping down for health reasons. Upon his resignation on 30 June 1979, he returned to private practice, joining the influential Montreal firm of Courtois Clarkson. Pratte died suddenly, of a heart attack, on 26 June 1988, in Montreal. His body was interred in the Cimetière Notre-Dame-de-Belmont, in Sainte-Foy, Quebec.
Today, the Yves Pratte Foundation named in his honour promotes student exchanges between the University of Toronto and Université Laval.

</doc>
<doc id="2848653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848653" title="Abdelkader El Mouaziz">
Abdelkader El Mouaziz

Abdelkader El Mouaziz (born 1 January 1969) is a Moroccan long-distance runner. He holds the record for the most sub 2:10 marathon runs at 13 (), now tied with Stefano Baldini. El Mouaziz is a two-time winner of the London Marathon, in 1999 and 2001, and was the runner-up in 2000. He also won the 1994 Madrid Marathon and the New York City Marathon in 2000. He was fifth at the 2002 Chicago Marathon.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2848660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848660" title="IPOPT">
IPOPT

IPOPT, short for "Interior Point OPTimizer, pronounced I-P-Opt", is a software library for large scale nonlinear optimization of continuous systems. It is written in Fortran and C and is released under the EPL (formerly CPL). IPOPT implements a primal-dual interior point method, and uses line searches based on Filter methods (Fletcher and Leyffer). IPOPT can be called from various modeling environments and C. 
IPOPT is part of the COIN-OR project.
IPOPT is designed to exploit 1st and 2nd derivative (Hessians) information if provided (usually via automatic differentiation routines in modeling environments such as AMPL). If no Hessians are provided, IPOPT will approximate them using a quasi-Newton methods, specifically a BFGS update.
It was originally developed by Andreas Wächter, a former Ph.D. student in department of chemical engineering at Carnegie Mellon University, under the supervision of Lorenz T. Biegler. 
Arvind Raghunathan later created an extension to IPOPT for Mathematical programming with equilibrium constraints (MPEC) This version of IPOPT is generally known as IPOPT-C (with the 'C' standing for 'complementarity'). While in theory any mixed-integer program can be recast as an MPEC, it may or may not be solvable with IPOPT-C. Solution of MINLPs (Mixed-Integer Nonlinear Programs) using IPOPT is still being explored [http://egon.cheme.cmu.edu/IBM/page.htm [https://projects.coin-or.org/Bonmin].
Carl Laird and Andreas Wächter are the developers of IPOPT 3.0, which is a re-implementation of IPOPT in C++.

</doc>
<doc id="2848673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848673" title="Government-business relations in Japan">
Government-business relations in Japan

Government-business relations are conducted in many ways and through numerous channels in Japan. The most important conduits in the postwar period are the economic ministries: the Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI, formerly the Ministry of International Trade and Industry, known as MITI). The Ministry of Finance has operational responsibilities for all fiscal affairs, including the preparation of the national budget. It initiates fiscal policies and, through its indirect control over the Bank of Japan, the central bank, is responsible for monetary policy as well. The Ministry of Finance allocates public investment, formulates tax policies, collectes taxes, and regulates foreign exchange.
Japan, Inc..
Although Japan's economic development is primarily the product of private entrepreneurship, the government has directly contributed to the nation's prosperity. Its actions have helped initiate new industries, cushion the effects of economic depression, create a sound economic infrastructure, and protect the living standards of the citizenry. Indeed, so pervasive has government influence in the economy seemed that many foreign observers have popularized the term "Japan Inc." to describe its alliance of business and government interests. Whether Japan still fits this picture after several reforms in the 1980s and 1990s seems questionable, but there is little doubt that government agencies continue to influence the economy through a variety of policies.
Attitudes toward government direction.
Japanese attitudes towards government have historically been shaped by Confucianism. Japan often has been defined as a Confucian country, but one in which loyalty is more important than benevolence. Leadership stemmed from the government and authority in general, and business looked to government for guidance. These attitudes, coupled with the view of the nation as a family, allowed government to influence business, and businesses worked hard not only for their own profits but also for national well-being. There was a national consensus that Japan must be an economic power and that the duty of all Japanese was to sacrifice themselves for this national goal. Thus, the relationship between government and business was as collaborators rather than as mutually suspicious adversaries.
Corporate organizations.
Links between the corporate world and government in Japan were maintained through three national organizations: the Federation of Economic Organizations (Keizai Dantai Rengokai—Keidanren), established in 1946; the Japanese Association of Corporate Executives (Keizai Doyu Kai), established in 1946; and the Japan Federation of Employers Association (Nihon Keieishadantai Renmei—Nikkeiren), established in 1948. Keidanren is considered the most important. Its membership includes 750 of the largest corporations and 110 manufacturers' associations. Its Tokyo headquarters serves as a kind of "nerve center" for the country's most important enterprises, and it works closely with the powerful Ministry of International Trade and Industry (MITI). There is evidence, however, suggesting that the federation's power is not what it had been, partly because major corporations, which had amassed huge amounts of money by the late 1980s, are increasingly capable of operating without its assistance. 
Nikkeiren was concerned largely with labor-management relations and with organizing a united business front to negotiate with labor unions on wage demands during the annual "Spring Struggle". The Keizai Doyu Kai, composed of younger and more liberal business leaders, assigned itself the role of promoting business's social responsibilities. Whereas Keidanren and Nikkeiren were "peak organizations", whose members themselves were associations, members of the Keizai Doyu Kai were individual business leaders (see Labor unions in Japan). 
Because of financial support from corporations, business interest groups were generally more independent of political parties than other groups. Both Keidanren and the Keizai Doyu Kai, for example, indicated a willingness to talk with the Japan Socialist Party in the wake of the political scandals of 1988-89 and also suggested that the LDP might form a coalition government with an opposition party. Yet through an organization called the People's Politics Association (Kokumin Seiji Kyokai), they and other top business groups provided the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) with its largest source of party funding.
Small business.
Japan's streets are lined with small shops, grocery stores, restaurants, and coffeehouses. Although supermarkets and large discount department stores are more common than in the 1980s, the political muscle of small business associations was reflected in the success with which they blocked the nationalization of the country's distribution system. The Large-Scale Retail Store Law of 1973, amended in 1978, made it very difficult in the late 1980s for either Japanese or foreign retailers to establish large, economically efficient outlets in local communities. 
Many light industrial goods, such as toys, footwear, pencils, and kitchen utensils, were still manufactured by small local companies rather than imported from the Republic of Korea, Taiwan, or Hong Kong. Traditional handicrafts, such as pottery, silk weaving, and lacquerware, produced using centuries-old methods in small workshops, flourished in every part of the country. Apart from protectionism of the "non-tariff barrier" variety, the government ensured the economic viability of small enterprises through lenient tax policies and access to credit on especially favorable terms. 
Major associations representing small and medium-sized enterprises included the generally pro-LDP Japan Chamber of Commerce and Industry (Nihon Shoko Kaigisho, or Nissho for short), which was established in 1922 but whose origins are traced to the establishment of the Tokyo Chamber of Commerce and Industry in 1878, the National Central Association of Medium and Small Enterprise Associations, the Japan League of Medium and Small Enterprise Organizations, and the Japanese Communist Party-sponsored Democratic Merchants and Manufacturers Association. 
Although small enterprises in services and manufacturing preserved cultural traditions and enlivened urban areas, a major motivation for government nurturing of small business was social welfare. In Calder's words, "Much of small business, particularly in the distribution sector, serves as a labor reservoir. Its inefficiencies help absorb surplus workers who would be unemployed if distribution, services, and traditional manufacturing were uniformly as efficient as the highly competitive and modernized export sectors.
Lately, however, government relations agencies such as GR Japan and ShinNihon Public Affairs have started to appear also in Japan, run by former diplomats, members of parliament, and civil servants.

</doc>
<doc id="2848676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848676" title="Béduer">
Béduer

Béduer is a commune in the Lot department in southwestern France.
Pilgrimage.
Béduer is situated on the Via Podiensis route that is followed by those making the pilgimage to Santiago de Compostella and so receives pilgrims arriving from the town of Figeac.
From Béduer pilgrims continue on either to the Notre-Dame de l'Assomption church at Gréalou, reaching the Lot River at Cajarc, or follow the course of the River Célé to its confluence with the Lot, passing by the convent at Espagnac-Sainte-Eulalie.
History.
The town was formerly owned by the Lostanges family. Its control of the land between the Lot and Célé rivers put it on a par with the Abbey at Figeac.
Sights.
The Château de Barasc, situated on a ridge dates from the twelfth century and has been successively renovated over the ages. It was home to the Barasc family, one of whom, Gerald V, was Bishop of Cahors between 1237 and 1250.

</doc>
<doc id="2848677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848677" title="Chinese Army in India">
Chinese Army in India

X Force was the name given to the portion of the National Revolutionary Army's Chinese Expeditionary Force that retreated from Burma into India in 1942. Chiang Kai-shek sent troops into Burma from Yunnan in 1942 to assist the British in holding back the Japanese. These Chinese forces became broken up, and in the retreat out of Burma part of these forces entered India. These were cantoned at Ramgarh Cantonment in Bihar (now in Jharkhand State), brought up to three-Division strength (Chinese 30th, 22nd and 38th Divisions), and re-equipped and re-trained by American instructors at British expense. They were named X Force and used by General Joseph Stilwell as the spearhead of his drive to open a land route to China (the Ledo Road). The outstanding Chinese commander in X Force was General Sun Li-Jen, who led the Chinese 38th Division and was praised by the British Fourteenth Army Commander General (later Field Marshal) William Slim in his book "Defeat into Victory". The Chinese forces which re-entered Burma from Yunnan were correspondingly known as Y Force.
China Defensive 1942-1945.
China Defensive 1942-1945 was an essay prepared for the United States Army Center of Military History by Mark D. Sherry. 

</doc>
<doc id="2848682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848682" title="Assier">
Assier

Assier is a French commune in the Lot department in the Midi-Pyrénées region of south-western France.
The inhabitants of the commune are known as "Assiérois" or "Assiéroises".
Geography.
Location and Access.
Assier is located some 12 km north-west of Figeac and some 18 km south-east of Gramat. The village is in the centre of the commune at the intersection of two highways: the D11 from Saint-Simon in the north-west which continues to Reyrevignes in the south-east and the D653 from Livernon in the south-west which continues to join the D840 north-east of the commune.
The Brive-la-Gaillarde to Rodez railway passes through the commune from north-west to south-east with a station just west of the village.
Relief.
The highest parts of the commune are to the north-east (about 400 metres above sea level). The Limargue landscape provides grazing for cattle. A small stream flows with a slight slope parallel to the D653 in a wide valley flooded during heavy rain. After two ponds and an old mill, its water is lost near the centre of the village (altitude 350 metres).
In the south the rocky terrain forms a slightly undulating limestone plateau (320–330 metres above sea level) pierced by a few sinkholes around ten metres deep. This plateau is covered with short grass (dry grasslands) which supports flocks of sheep. There are also forests of contorted downy oaks that are used for firewood.
Geology.
Assier is located at the end of an Early Jurassic formation called Limargue at the edge of the Causses limestone.
In the south-east the "Causse de Gramat" is composed of Karstified limestone from the Middle and Late Jurassic.
The oldest Early Jurassic terrain is in the "Ruisseau d'Assier" to the north-west:
The valley floor consists of alluvium brought down by modern streams.
Hydro-geology.
Assier is on the edge of the "Causse de Gramat". The waters from the Limargue to the north-east come across impermeable marl from the Early Jurassic the descend below the permeable limestone from the Middle and Late Jurassic. The limit of the Drainage basin is located to the north of Assier, water flows towards the south towards the Célé: this is the system called "Gramat-Sud" which drains 330 square kilometres.
To the north-west, north of Vialans, there are the emergences of "Routabous" and "Tour de Maroc" of calcareous sandstone from the Pliensbachian period.
The small streams or "Biales" sink into the limestone through karstic openings. From north-west to south-east, these are:.
Previously, other cavities at a higher altitude would have been of old sinkholes or were connected to the existing water systems: the "Grotte du Cirque" and the "Grotte du Fennet".
Potholing.
In addition to the sinkholes in the Limargue-Causse contact zone, many caves and Pit caves open up on limestone terrain. The best known are:
Toponymy.
The name "Assier" could be related to the name of a watercourse according to Ernest Nègre. According to others "Assier" has a Germanic origin after a person called "Anshari". This name decomposes to: "ans", a pagan deity, and "hari" meaning "army".
History.
Prehistory.
The territory of Assier has been inhabited from the earliest times. Three dolmens and tumuli are visible on the limestone of the plateau to the east of the village.
The dolmens around Assier were made from thick strata of limestone. They are located on the "Causse de Gramat" and were emptied of their contents in the past.
Four other dolmens and a menhir were also present north-west of the village in the hamlet of Mons at a place called "Le champ de Belair". At least two of these dolmens are still visible today. The menhir was removed in the past but was returned flat near its original location by the landowner.
The Fortified Town.
In the Middle Ages Assier had the appearance of a fortified camp: a village surrounded by a defensive wall. Of the first feudal castle only the "Tour de Sal" (Sal Tower) remains. Outside the walls there were extended suburbs called "barry": "barry de Mons", "barry des Sal, barry de las botas, barry des leygue", and "barry del Torria". Assier had the Abbot of Figeac as their Lord and it was attached to the Order of St. John of Jerusalem though some hamlets such as Vialan depended on the Hospital of Issendolus.
From the 13th century the Assier community had the right to elect consuls. Every year on the first Sunday of September, all heads of household paid tax to one or more elected consuls.
The Commandery of Assier.
Around 1280, the Knights of the Order of St. John of Jerusalem founded a commandery. It was a donation by Barasc who owned part of the lordship of Assier. It included: a fortified house, a church dedicated to St. Peter, a hospital on the site of the Chateau of "Galiot de Genouillace", a leprosarium at a place called Malaudie on the road to Reyrevignes.
List of Knights and Priests of the Order of St. John of Jerusalem who were tax collectors in Assier:
The Hundred Years War.
From 1355, the entire Quercy region became a theatre of struggle during the Hundred Years War. The Black Prince and his English troops invaded the south-west and Quercy. After the French defeat at the Battle of Poitiers, the Treaty of Brétigny gave England the Guyenne and Gascony. The region was unstable because all the lords did not rally to the King of England.
Armed gangs were active for the English or on their own account. They robbed, ransomed, and massacred the population. One of these bands, under the orders of Bassorat, had their hideout at the "Tour de Marot" or the "Tour de Maroc" at a place called "La Garénie". Bassorat ravaged the country until 1395 when he left for Spain. The English left the region around 1450.
Assier and its surroundings were ruined, it had to repopulate the country by bringing families from Auvergne, Rouergue, and elsewhere by providing favourable conditions. During this calmer period of 1450-1547 the church and the chateau were built. Many workers and tradesmen came and agriculture grew.
The Lords of Assier.
From the 12th century the first lords mentioned were called the Rigaud d'Assier. One member of this family was pastor of Toulouse Cathedral and lived at the court of Pope John XXII. Some of his guests at his house in Avignon were involved in the 1317 plot against the Pope He was Bishop of Winchester from 1319 to 1323.
Raymond du Bosc, Lord of La Garénie became co-lord of Assier by marrying a Rigaud: Marguerite of Assier. One of his descendants, Augé du Bosc married Jeanne de Rassiols in 1439, Lady of Vaillac. Their daughter Catherine of Assier married Jean Ricard de Ginouillac in 1464. From their union Jacques Ricard Genouillace called "Galiot de Genouillace" was born in 1465 at the Chateau of Assier who had a brilliant military and diplomatic career. After his death in 1546 his body was repatriated and buried in a chapel of the Church of Assier in 1549. After the death of his son François in 1544 at the Battle of Cérisoles, his daughter Jeanne became his sole heir. She married Charles de Crussols d'Uzes, 9th Viscount of Uzes, in 1523. Widowed in 1543, she remarried the Palatine Prince Philip de Saim called Rhinegrave and converted to the Protestant religion. Their son, Jean de Beaudiné, was invited to the wedding of the future Henry IV and was killed in 1572 during the St. Bartholomew's Day massacre. Twenty years of turmoil shook the region. After the Edict of Nantes, Figeac, Cardaillac, and Assier were governed by the Protestants for 50 years.
Jacques de Crussol, heir to Jeanne Ricard de Ginouillac, converted to Catholicism. He was named duke and peer of France. In 1768 the 9th Duke of Uzes, François Emmanuel Crussol, sold the chateau to be demolished. The chateau and the lands left the founding family. The new co-lords of Assier were, until the French revolution, Messrs Pouzalgue, Séguy, and Montal.
Contemporary era and recent past.
The French revolution in Assier.
On 14 September 1788 Jean-Pierre Séguy, notary, bought the land of the "Devèze d'Assier" and became a co-lord of Assier. The French revolution passed without major disorder: the main complaints concerned the redistribution of land. Jean-Pierre Séguy redistributed land he had bought to all the inhabitants of Assier present and future (from pregnant women) who each received 0.34 hectares. He was mayor of the commune from 1801 to 1827.
The first schools.
Following the "Guizot law" communes had to have a public school. On 21 December 1834 the council appointed Jean-Pierre Bruel to run the school. He received two hundred francs per year as well as sums paid by the wealthiest families for the education of their children: 1 franc to learn to read, 1 franc 50 centimes for reading and writing, and 2 francs for mathematics. Twelve poor students were taught without charge.
In 1853, a free school for girls was headed by Marie Bessac (Sister Victoire) assisted by Jeanne Turenne (Sister Jeanne). They were paid by the commune. On 25 October 1858 Jean-Pierre Bruel died and Jean Delsériez succeeded him in 1859. In 1881 an assistant position was created as numbers then were 75 boys and 60 girls. A nursery for infants was created next to the girls' school: the cost was 1.5 francs per student per month. The position is given to Sister Jeanne Turenne. On 20 August the position of assistant to the boys' school was created.
In 1902 a secular girls' school opened. In 1905 schooling was compulsory and free for all children over five years. In 1926, the municipal council protested against the abolition of the post of Assistant for the Public School. In 1957 construction began on a new school fro Assier.
Fight against poverty.
During the mandates of Antoine Pezet and Joseph Carbonel from 1848 to 1870 many decisions were taken to improve the lot of the poorest:
Technical progress.
The railway.
In 1854 two rail projects passing through Assier were considered then abandoned. A Classification yard was to have been located in the commune and there were plans to build a hotel-restaurant with 16 rooms near the proposed route of the line. This is the large isolated house at a place called Frejayrie, one kilometre from the centre of Assier.
In 1860, the Compagnie du chemin de fer de Paris à Orléans started building the Brive-Rodez line passing through Assier station. Four fatal accidents occurred in the commune which killed a navvy and three workers. The line was opened in September 1862.
Other modes of travel.
In 1905 and 1910 tramway projects were considered to serve Assier station and neighbouring communes: a line from Gourdon to Le Bourg via Quissac and Espédaillac. Soon, however, the car made its appearance. In 1923 the Municipal Council was required to limit the speed of cars to less than 15 km/h in the town centre. In 1925 the widow of Thimoté Gardou installed the first petrol pump and the commune received 200 francs per year. In 1932 buses ran between Assier and Cahors.
Electrification.
On 11 October 1922 the council appointed a commission to study the connection of the village to a power grid. On 9 May 1926 appropriations for the establishment of a union for electrification were voted. On 30 October the mayors of Cardaillac, Fourmagnac, Fons, Reyrevignes, and Assier met and decided that the electric current should be supplied by the hydro-electric plant of Mr. Barrière located on the "Drauzou" but in 1927 the council denounced the agreement with Mr. Barrière on the grounds that his plant could not supply power permanently because the flow of the Drauzou was too irregular. In 1928 the commune had to pay a 225,000 franc fine for non-compliance with the agreement but appealed and was successful in 1932.
The commune then joined the electrification union of the north of Lot and, in 1930, the concession was given to the Bourbonnais company. The contract was signed on 19 February 1931 and on 17 April 1932 there was the inauguration and celebration of the electricity supply.
In the village the telephone and electricity lines have been buried since 1980.
Access to water.
Prior to 1962, the inhabitants of Assier accessed water through fountains or cisterns. There were shortages and supply was a constant concern of councils:
Administration.
List of Successive Mayors
Demography.
In 1620 there were 115 fires in Assier. In 1750 there were 500 communicants at Mass.
In 2010 the commune had 684 inhabitants. The evolution of the number of inhabitants is known from the population censuses conducted in the commune since 1793. From the 21st century, a census of communes with fewer than 10,000 inhabitants is held every five years, unlike larger towns that have a sample survey every year.
Economy.
Agriculture.
Assier is a rural community which had a dozen farms at the end of the 20th century. Operators abandoned polyculture (cereals and fruit trees) to turn to the production of meat and milk. 95% of the Limargue land is exploited, 20% of the land on the plateau is for sheep while the remaining 80% is left fallow.
Fairs were very important up to the 19th century and equalled those of Figeac and Gramat. A market hall was built in 1884 for the sale of cereals, chestnuts, apples and nuts. These products declined in the 20th century as a result of evolution in transport, the mechanisation of farms, and trading by the farmer. Since 1968 the council has taken steps to revive the market for sheep. In 1980 studies were carried out for the implementation of a covered sheep market which was inaugurated in July 1997 in the industrial zone. It trades between 1,500 and 2,000 animals every Monday.
Assier has a cattle market and an agricultural cooperative.
Trades, services, and crafts.
Many shops and services are available on the town: butchers, bakers, a Pâtisserie, a bar, hairdressers, restaurants, a florist, and a grocery store; as well as tradesmen: roofers, carpenters, electricians, plumbers, heating, and a taxi.
A pharmacy is located in the town centre.
Industrial area.
A company making high quality walnut veneers is established in the industrial zone.
The cooperative society "Scop O'Chêne" was established at Assier as part of its expansion. It manufactures building frames: structures used as assembly modules, and wood furnishings. It had 7 employees in 2009.
Culture and heritage.
Civil heritage.
Assier has a number of buildings and structures that are registered as historical monuments:
The Chateau contains a number of items that are registered as historical objects:
Religious heritage.
The Church of Saint-Pierre is the only Renaissance religious building in Lot. Begun in 1540 and completed in 1549 the church is in monumental style and solely dedicated to the glory of Galiot de Genouillace with his reclining statue and the epitaph "After death, good name remains".
An outer frieze in low relief surrounds the monument. This profane and warlike decoration is unusual on a religious building. Galiot de Genouillace saw the church as a monument housing his tomb and that of his descendants. The grounds evoke scenes of war with Italy in the passage through the Alps before the victory of the Battle of Marignano.
Jean Bergue remarked in his 1987 study that this artistic and historical masterpiece has visibly deteriorated over a hundred years.
The sculptural elements represent the triumph of the artillery with the cannon the most widespread theme namely: the Culverin bastard, palace sieges, round shot with three flames, ancillary parts of a very high precision that make this frieze a true archival document on the art of war at the time with no equivalent.
There are swords with a Fleur-de-lis Baldric recalling the charge by the Grand Squire of France next to the collar of the Order of St. Michael which was the highest distinction of the time.
There is a Funeral Chapel north of the first bay of the nave. It contains the tomb of Galiot de Genouillace who is represented on the marble reclining statue in court dress and then in armour leaning on a cannon and surrounded by bullets and bags of gunpowder.
The vault of this chapel is quite remarkable and unique in France: there is only one other example of this architecture in Europe - the monastery of San Domingo at Valencia in Spain. Both have a vault and a dome with triple ribs and Lunettes which give the impression of a star with a complicated design or a huge spiderweb canvas in which it is thought the final cut to size of some stones was performed after laying.
The Church of Saint Pierre contains three items which are registered as historical objects:
Local life.
Education.
The Assier school enrols children from eleven neighbouring communes. In September 2009, the nursery school had two classes and the primary school three. The staff consists of seven teachers and two assistants.
Associations.
A festival of jazz, improvisation, and theatre has taken place every year since 1986 in the chateau, the church, the gardens, and in the squares.
The REISSA Association (Meetings, Events, Initiatives, Support, Social Activities) manages the events in the village and the ALSH (Home Leisure Without Accommodation) for children.
The "Cyber-base" located in the House of services provides access to the Internet for all.
Public services.
Assier has a post office, a railway station, and a public weighbridge near the fairgrounds in the direction of Livernon.
Health.
In 2009 Assier inaugurated the Causse Medical Centre. The town also has a pharmacy and a nursing centre in the village centre.
A nursing home for the elderly is located at "Les Pradels".
The nearest hospitals are located at Figeac (21 km, 20 minutes by the D653 and D840) and at Cahors (57 km, 52 minutes by the D653).

</doc>
<doc id="2848696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848696" title="Counter trey">
Counter trey

The counter trey is a misdirection running play used in American football. The counter trey is a type of counter run.
This play is designed for the offensive team to feign rushing one way, then attack the defense in the opposite direction. In a counter trey right, the center, right guard, and right tackle block left as if the play is going left, with the right tackle leaving the last defensive player on the line of scrimmage unblocked. The left guard and left tackle are pulling or turning, and running to the right parallel with the line of scrimmage. The left guard will block the last defensive player on the line of scrimmage and the tackle will cut underneath him and block the first defender in the hole.
The running back takes an initial feint step to the left, then cuts back to the right, receives the handoff from the quarterback, and runs off the hip of the pulling guard, with the pulling tackle leading him through the hole created by the pulling guard kicking out the last man on the line of scrimmage. The counter trey requires quick, athletic linemen for good execution.
Many teams have run this play, but it first became well-known when run by the Washington Redskins in the 1980s and the early 1990s, which they modeled from the Nebraska Cornhuskers. In particular, guard Russ Grimm and tackle Joe Jacoby would open up massive holes for John Riggins, George Rogers, and Earnest Byner.

</doc>
<doc id="2848704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848704" title="Claude Brousson">
Claude Brousson

Claude Brousson (1647–1698) was a French Huguenot lawyer and preacher.
He returned to France after the Revocation of the Edict of Nantes, and was broken on the wheel in 1698.

</doc>
<doc id="2848706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848706" title="Old Man Gloom">
Old Man Gloom

Old Man Gloom is a sludge/doom metal/post-metal band originally formed in Santa Fe, New Mexico, United States, but now based in Massachusetts. The group, formed by Aaron Turner of Isis and Santos Montano, has now expanded to become a sort of supergroup in the Boston hardcore and metalcore scene. The group is less a band than it is a recording project for a variety of talent. By the release of their first album ("Meditations in B"), Old Man Gloom expanded to include two new members.
Biography.
In 2001, a year after the release of "Meditations in B", the band released two albums simultaneously: ' and '. For these records, Luke Scarola joined to use electronics. On "Seminar II", Stephen Brodsky of Cave In wrote the lyrics for one song, and Jay Randall of Agoraphobic Nosebleed contributed on electronics. On August 24, 2004, "Christmas" was released.
In 2011, Old Man Gloom recorded NO with Kurt Ballou and released the album on June 26, 2012. In 2012, Old Man Gloom began playing live performances again, after an extended period of inactivity.

</doc>
<doc id="2848730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848730" title="Cosmological horizon">
Cosmological horizon

A cosmological horizon is a measure of the distance from which one could possibly retrieve information. This observable constraint is due to various properties of general relativity, the expanding universe, and the physics of Big Bang cosmology. Cosmological horizons set the size and scale of the observable universe. This article will explain a number of these horizons. This article will report distances in units of kiloparsecs (kpc), megaparsecs (Mpc), and gigaparsecs (Gpc).
Hubble horizon.
One can define a so-called "Hubble Horizon" which shows roughly how far light would travel if space were not expanding. This size is
where formula_2 is the lookback time since the Big Bang (otherwise known as the age of the universe) which, according to the Friedmann Equations, is:
where formula_4 is the Hubble Constant and the formula_5 density parameters are, in order, the density of radiation, matter, curvature, and dark energy scaled to the critical density of the universe.
Today, roughly:
yielding a Hubble horizon of some 4.2 Gpc. This horizon is not really a physical size, but it is often used as useful length scale as most physical sizes in cosmology can be written in terms of those factors.
Event horizon.
The particle horizon differs from the cosmic event horizon, in that the particle horizon represents the largest comoving distance from which light could have reached the observer by a specific time, while the event horizon is the largest comoving distance from which light emitted now can "ever" reach the observer in the future. At present, this cosmic event horizon is thought to be at a comoving distance of about 14.3Gpc.
In general, the proper distance to the event horizon at time formula_2 is given by
where formula_9 is the time-coordinate of the end of the universe, which would be infinite in the case of a universe that expands forever.
For our case, assuming that dark energy is due to a cosmological constant, formula_10.
Future horizon.
In an accelerating universe, there are events which will be unobservable as formula_11 as signals from future events become redshifted to arbitrarily long wavelengths in the exponentially expanding de Sitter space. This sets a limit on the farthest distance that we can possibly see as measured in units of proper distance today. Or, more precisely, there are events that are spatially separated for a certain frame of reference happening simultaneously with the event occurring right now for which no signal will ever reach us, even though we can observe events that occurred at the same location in space that happened in the distant past. While we will continue to receive signals from this location in space, even if we wait an infinite amount of time, a signal that left from that location today will never reach us. Additionally, the signals coming from that location will have less and less energy and be less and less frequent until the location, for all practical purposes, becomes unobservable. In a universe that is dominated by dark energy which is undergoing an exponential expansion of the scale factor, all objects that are gravitationally unbound with respect to the Milky Way will become unobservable, in a futuristic version of Kapteyn's Universe.
Practical horizons.
While not technically "horizons" in the sense of an impossibility for observations due to relativity or cosmological solutions, there are practical horizons which include the optical horizon, set at the surface of last scattering. This is the farthest distance that any photon can freely stream. Similarly, there is a "neutrino horizon" set for the farthest distance a neutrino can freely stream and a gravitational wave horizon at the farthest distance that gravitational waves can freely stream. The latter is predicted to be a direct probe of the end of cosmic inflation.

</doc>
<doc id="2848731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848731" title="BTR-D">
BTR-D

The BTR-D is a Soviet airborne multi-purpose tracked armoured personnel carrier which was introduced in 1974 and first seen by the West in 1979 during the Soviet war in Afghanistan. BTR-D stands for "Bronetransportyor Desanta" (БТР, Бронетранспортер Десанта, literally "armoured transporter of the Airborne"). It is based on BMD-1 airborne IFV. NATO gave it the designation BMD M1979.
Development history.
In 1969 the BMD-1 airborne IFV entered service with the Soviet Army. The vehicle had many flaws, but the biggest one was the fact the troop compartment was extremely cramped and could only transport up to four infantrymen; in fact this number was often shortened to three because it was impractical for four infantrymen to operate inside the troop compartment and dismount the vehicle. Because of that in the beginning of the 1970s the design bureau of Volgograd Tractor Factory, which designed the BMD-1, began designing an airborne APC based on BMD-1. The prototype was ready in 1974 and in the same year it entered production and service with the Soviet Army as BTR-D.
Description.
Overview.
BTR-D is based on BMD-1; however, it's 60 mm longer and its turret is removed. A small flat superstructure with a hatch on top of it is in place of the turret.
Crew.
The crew consists of the driver, the commander and the left bow mounted machine gun gunner who are in the same positions and have the same equipment like in the BMD-1.
Armament.
Although the turret with all of the main armament was removed, the two bow mounted machine guns have been retained. However the original PKT tank machine guns have been replaced by PKB general purpose machine guns. The vehicle can also be fitted with pintle-mounted automatic grenade launchers (AGS-17, AGS-30 or AGS-57) and/or machine guns (PKM, 6P41, "Utyos" or "Kord").
Maneuverability.
The BTR-D is powered by the same engine as the BMD-1 however its suspension is longer because the entire vehicle has been lengthened by 60 mm. Because of this the vehicle has six 
roadwheels on each side instead of five. It also has five return rollers on each side unlike the BMD-1 which has four.
Armour protection.
The armour protection is slightly better on the BTR-D than on the BMD-1. That's because the upper front armour has a dual slanted angle. Also its armour is made out of aluminium which proved to be much better than the armour on the BMD-1 which was made out of cast magnesium alloy and caught fire and burned fiercely, often killing the crew if hit with a weapon such as an RPG.
Troop compartment.
Because the turret has been removed the troop compartment has been enlarged and can carry up to ten fully equipped soldiers. It's also linked with the crew compartment in the front. 
Also there are two firing ports in the sides and one in the rear, two of which are for RPK-74 light machine gun.
Equipment.
BTR-D has all the same equipment as the BMD-1 but also has towing equipment for ZU-23-2 twin AA autocannon.
Service history.
BTR-D entered service with the Soviet Army in 1974 and was used by Soviet airborne troops during the Soviet war in Afghanistan where it was seen for the first time by the West in 1979.
As of now BTR-D and vehicles based on it are used by the following units of Russian Army or are stationed in following bases:

</doc>
<doc id="2848733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848733" title="Ashwood University">
Ashwood University

Ashwood University is an institution which claims to award academic degrees based on "life experience". Ashwood University is not accredited by any recognised accreditation body. As such, its degrees may not be acceptable to employers or other institutions, and use of degree titles may be restricted or illegal in some jurisdictions. The "Toronto Star" reports that Ashwood University operates out of Pakistan.
Recognition and accreditation status.
The website "onlinelearning101" lists Ashwood University among examples of degree mills, and suggests that the name was selected because it "sounds like the very reputable Ashford University". Degree mills have been dubbed by John Bear, an ex-FBI consultant, as a "huge crime wave...and almost no one has noticed."
The Oregon State Office of Degree Authorization states that Oregon "has no evidence that this is an accredited or otherwise acceptable provider of postsecondary education meeting Oregon standards." The location of the organization's offices is not known with certainty; no address is given on the website or the whois record; a 2003 Usenet posting indicated that the company is based in a California strip mall, but all diplomas are mailed from Pakistan. It has been listed as a diploma mill by the American Association of Collegiate Registrars and Admissions Officers.
Incidents of fraudulent degrees.
In a 2008 article in the "Chicago Tribune", a reporter described his experience obtaining a series of "bogus academic credentials" from Ashwood, including a "Doctorate Degree in Medicine & Surgery". He wrote: "All I have to do is persuade my editors to pay $699 'tuition,' including a $75 surcharge guaranteeing me a 4.0 grade-point average."
Several journalists or entertainers have publicized their experiences when they applied for and received bogus credentials from Ashwood in order to investigate its practices.
Television producer Tom Kenny won an Ohio Valley Regional Emmy Award (Service News Story - Consumer/Financial) in 2005 for his documentary on online diploma mills entitled, "Degrees of Deception". During his research for the documentary, Kenny bought a degree from Ashwood University; he chose a degree in aerospace engineering, a field he knew nothing about. The diploma he received had been sent from Pakistan.
In 2008, news media reported that the recipient of a doctorate degree from Ashwood University had resigned from her position with the Tacoma, Washington, school district amid an investigation into her use of that degree to obtain a promotion. School district officials said she had resigned due to personal issues. The local newspaper reported that Ashwood issued degrees based on "life experience".
In 2010, the principal of Sir J.J. College of Architecture Mr. Rajan Lakule resigned from his position as it was discovered that he had a doctorate degree from Ashwood University.
An Australian satirical TV program, "The Chaser's War on Everything", reported receiving a medical diploma from Ashwood University in the name of a dog named Sunny. The diploma, displayed on the program, was issued one week after they paid 450 dollars. The presenters claim that in the "life experience" part of the application for the diploma, they listed "has eaten out of hospital rubbish bin for 5 years (35 dog years) ... has significant proctology experience sniffing other dog's bums". The academic transcript, reportedly given together with the diploma and shown on TV, listed that the dog received grades of A in "Immunology", "Zoo Preceptorship" and "Medical Bacteriology" and an A- grade in "Oral Communication and Presentation Skills".
In 2012, the Serbian magazine "Novi Magazin" reported the discovery that the dean of the Faculty of Medicine of the University of Niš claimed a degree in medicine from Ashwood University, whose degrees it described as "worthless".
Connections.
Affordable Degrees (affordabledegrees.com), Belford University, Rochville University, and Speedy Degrees (speedydegrees.com), are operated by the same people. Other sources link speedydegrees.com to Ashwood University.
The World Online Education Accrediting Commission (WOEAC), which lists this particular university as accredited, is itself not recognized or accredited by the United States Department of Education or the Council for Higher Education Accreditation.

</doc>
<doc id="2848744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848744" title="Bill Hader">
Bill Hader

William "Bill" Hader (born June 7, 1978) is an American actor, voice actor, comedian, producer and writer. He is known for his work as a cast member on "Saturday Night Live", his lead voice role in "Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs", and his supporting roles in comedy films such as "Superbad", "Pineapple Express", "Tropic Thunder", "Adventureland", "Men in Black 3", "Paul", "Forgetting Sarah Marshall", "Doogal", and "". 
Early life.
Hader was born and raised in Tulsa, Oklahoma, the son of Sherri and Bill Hader. He has two younger sisters, Katie and Cara. Hader attended Patrick Henry Elementary School, Edison Junior High, and Cascia Hall Preparatory School, before attending The Art Institute of Phoenix and Scottsdale Community College.
Early career.
Hader's comedic aspirations eventually led him to Los Angeles where he joined the Second City, a comedy troupe that has been a training ground for many "SNL" cast members since the 1970s. He performed at iO West in Los Angeles. During his time at Second City and iO West, Hader worked as a production assistant on the DVD ""; the feature films "The Scorpion King" and "Collateral Damage"; as well as an assistant on VH1 television's "The Surreal Life".
"Saturday Night Live".
Hader was "discovered" by Megan Mullally of "Will & Grace" while working with the Los Angeles-based comedy troupe "Animals from the Future." Mullally brought him to the attention of "SNL" producer Lorne Michaels. Hader was hired as a featured player and made his debut on the show on October 1, 2005. His first role was as a psychologist giving his views about life and death during the emergency landing of JetBlue Airways Flight 292. Hader is known for his impressions of famous people, such as Vincent Price in the Variety Vault sketches, Harvey Fierstein, Al Pacino, Brian Grazer, Rick Perry, John Malkovich, Seth Rogen, James Carville, Julian Assange, Eliot Spitzer, Alan Alda, Clint Eastwood, and Charlie Sheen.
On July 19, 2012, Hader received his first nomination for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series for his work on "Saturday Night Live". He is the first male "SNL" cast member to receive this nomination since Eddie Murphy in 1984.
On May 14, 2013, he announced that his eighth season would be his last. "It was a hard decision, but it has to happen at some point," he told reporters. "It got to a point where I said, 'Maybe it's just time to go.'"
Celebrity impersonations.
Hader has said that he performed impersonations of teachers and friends when he was growing up but did not do impersonations of famous people until his "Saturday Night Live" audition. He developed his Al Pacino impersonation after watching the actor's Emmy acceptance speech for "Angels in America". Hader's Vincent Price impersonation came from his love of Price's Edgar Allan Poe films, such as "The Fall of the House of Usher". His Peter O'Toole impersonation came partly from O'Toole in "My Favorite Year", and Jack Lemmon's drunken Prince Hapnick from "The Great Race" and Cher from "Burlesque."
Another one of Hader's impersonations from "Saturday Night Live" is of former governor Eliot Spitzer. Hader has also impersonated Adam Levine, Fox News Channel host Shepard Smith, Fleetwood Mac guitarist Lindsey Buckingham, Michael "The Situation" Sorrentino from MTV's "Jersey Shore", Pearl Jam's frontman Eddie Vedder, Dave Matthews, Rod Serling, John Boehner, Ben Mankiewicz, John Mayer, Conan O'Brien, Alan Alda, Dr. Oz, Rick Perry, Charlie Sheen, political strategist James Carville, Clint Eastwood, Tim Burton, and - in a guest appearance - Tim & Eric Awesome Show, Great Job! mainstay James Quall (requiring Hader to impersonate Quall's own tenuous celebrity impersonations).
Bill played Garrison Keillor as one of the many people who were suggested to replace Regis Philbin, after he left the Regis and Kelly Show.
Hader also does an impression of "Dateline NBC" 's Keith Morrison, parodying his reporting style of being overly interested in horrific tales of tragedy or murder and asking inane questions. After discovering that Morrison works at 30 Rockefeller Plaza, where both "Dateline" and "Saturday Night Live" are filmed, Hader half-jestingly said on the March 30, 2009, episode of "Late Night with Jimmy Fallon" that he lived in fear of getting into the same elevator as Morrison at 30 Rock.
In December 2010, he portrayed Julian Assange, the founder of WikiLeaks, who interrupts the broadcast from a British prison. In this sketch he hacks commercials for companies that are apologizing about WikiLeaks (such as MasterCard) and informs America about his status. He also performed a parody of TMZ with Assange playing the role of Harvey Levin.
On February 18, 2012, he briefly impersonated author Stephen King, as part of a sketch in which Maya Rudolph impersonated a Maya Angelou who creates pranks. Maya tells King, who is autographing books, that his car has been towed. He leaps up in horror, then recognizes her and says, in a Maine accent, "It's an 'awnuh' ."
Film roles.
After his film debut "You, Me and Dupree", Hader had a wide range of roles such as Katherine Heigl's character's editor at E! in "Knocked Up", the acid-taking mechanic Dave in "Hot Rod" (alongside" SNL" castmate Andy Samberg), a recumbent biker in" The Brothers Solomon" (which featured SNL castmate Will Forte in one of the film's co-leading roles) and, most famously, as Officer Slater in the Judd Apatow produced" Superbad". His role in "Superbad" helped boost his public awareness and allowed him to appear on mainstream programs like "Total Request Live", "The Tonight Show", and MTV's "Video Music Awards".
Hader appeared in two other Apatow projects: "Forgetting Sarah Marshall "(with Jason Segel) and "Pineapple Express" (with Seth Rogen). He appeared alongside Ben Stiller, Brandon T. Jackson, Jack Black, Robert Downey, Jr., Matthew McConaughey, Steve Coogan, Jay Baruchel, Tom Cruise, and Nick Nolte in "Tropic Thunder".
He also teamed up with director Greg Mottola for three feature films "Superbad", "Adventureland" and "Paul".
In addition to these films, Hader has made several short films, including "Back in the Day", "Sounds Good to Me: Remastering the Sting", and "The Jeannie Tate Show" with "SNL" writer Liz Cackowski and wife Maggie Carey.
He made a small appearance in the 2009 film "Year One" with Jack Black and Michael Cera.
Hader lent his voice to the critically acclaimed 2009 Sony Pictures Animation film "Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs", as well as its sequel, playing the lead role of Flint Lockwood as well as his invention in the films, the FLDSMDFR. He voiced a gazelle in "".
Hader appeared in "" as Major General George Armstrong Custer.
He provided a voiceover in the 2010 film "Scott Pilgrim vs. the World". He portrayed "The Voice", the disembodied voice that pops up during certain moments of the film's video game-inspired fight scenes. He also had a small cameo as the voice of the USS "Vengeance" computer in 2013's "Star Trek Into Darkness."
Hader has written a slasher film to be produced by Judd Apatow, which he will star in if the film is produced.
In April 2009, Hader was a part of "Vanity Fair"'s list of "Comedy's New Legends".
Other work.
In 1998, he played the pizza man in Janet Jackson's video Go Deep. Hader was also a creative consultant on the 12th season of "South Park." He was a producer on the 13th season, which premiered March 11, 2009. Hader is among the series producers to win the 2009 Emmy Award for Best Animated Series. He also appeared on the commentary recorded for the 2009 Blu-ray edition of "", and the Comedy Central special "South Park: 6 Days to Air", a documentary filmed during production of the 2011 South Park episode HumancentiPad. Hader re-joined the writing staff for "South Park" for its seventeenth season. Hader won a Peabody Award for his participation in Saturday Night Live Political Satire, 2008. He has also been on the MTV show Punk'd. Hader voiced an array of different characters on the second season of the Adult Swim show "."
Hader and SNL castmate Seth Meyers penned a Spider-Man one-off entitled "The Short Halloween". It was illustrated by Kevin Maguire and came out May 29, 2009. It was given three and a half out of five stars by Benjamin Birdie of Comic Book Resources.
Hader took on the voice role of Professor Impossible on the fourth season of "The Venture Brothers", a part originated by Stephen Colbert. In the game "Grand Theft Auto IV" he played Wilson Taylor Sr (On in-game radio show: "Pacemaker"). Hader appeared on "Tim and Eric Awesome Show" impersonating the recurring character James Quall on the episode "Jazz".
In July 2008, Hader starred in, and co-wrote with Simon Rich, the web series "The Line" on Crackle. Hader lent his voice to the audiobook of Sarah Vowell's "The Wordy Shipmates." Hader voiced the Pod in the "Aqua Teen Hunger Force" episode "IAMAPOD" as well as Hitler in the episode "Der Inflatable Fuhrer." Hader played Kevin, Matt Damon's co-pilot, in the live episode of "30 Rock," recorded October 14, 2010.
He hosted the 2011 and 2012 seasons of "Essentials, Jr." on Turner Classic Movies. In the series premiere of "The Mindy Project", he guest starred as Mindy's ex-boyfriend. His character returns later in the first season. Hader voices Dr. Malocchio in the original Hulu series "The Awesomes".
Personal life.
In 2006, Hader married writer-director Maggie Carey. They have two daughters together: Hannah Kathryn, born October 6, 2009, and Harper, born July 28, 2012.
Hader does not watch "Saturday Night Live", and typically only sees clips of his Stefon sketches shown before talk show interviews. Hader is a fan of the Oklahoma City Thunder, an NBA franchise based in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. Prior to game 2 of the 2012 NBA Finals, he joined the NBA GameTime television analysts and did an impression of Ernie Johnson, Jr., a sportscaster for Turner Sports, which owns NBA TV, the network producing NBA GameTime.

</doc>
<doc id="2848746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848746" title="Cabrerets">
Cabrerets

Cabrerets is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.
The village of Cabrerets derives its name from "cabre", meaning goat in the Occitan language.
Geography.
The village lies at the confluence of the rivers Sagne and Célé, at the foot of the Rochecourbe cliffs. The village also forms part of the pilgrimage route for those travelling to Santiago de Compostella and is the final stop before Cahors.
History.
The overhanging cliffs that dominate the town are home to a ruined castle, built by the English and also known as the "château du diable" ("devil's castle"). The castle was first mentioned in a document dating from 1259, and was the medieval home of the lords of Barsac. In 1380, during the Hundred Years' War, it fell into the hands of a force from Aquitaine controlled by the English. It was liberated ten years later by Jean d'Hébrard, lord of Saint-Sulpice, who subsequently ordered its demolition.
The Pech Merle cave is home to prehistoric cave paintings, being one of the few sites in France which remain open to the general public.
The Château de Cabrerets has been listed since 1996 as a "monument historique" by the French Ministry of Culture. Construction bagan in the early years of the 16th century.,

</doc>
<doc id="2848749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848749" title="James Jackson (congressman)">
James Jackson (congressman)

James Jackson (October 18, 1819 – January 13, 1887) was a United States Representative from Georgia, a judge advocate in the American Civil War, and a chief justice of the Supreme Court of Georgia. Jackson was also a trustee of the University of Georgia. He was the son of William Henry Jackson (see Tree That Owns Itself), the grandson of Georgia governor James Jackson and the nephew of Congressman Jabez Young Jackson. 
Jackson was born in Jefferson County, Georgia and named for his famous grandfather. He attended the University of Georgia and graduated in 1837. After passing the bar examination in 1839, he began to practice law in Athens, Georgia. He was elected to the Georgia House of Representatives and served from 1845 to 1849. He concurrently served as judge of the superior court from 1846 to 1859. In 1857, was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-sixth United States Congresses and served from March 4, 1857, until January 23, 1861. With the secession of Georgia from the Union, he resigned from Congress.
Jackson served as judge advocate on the staff of General Stonewall Jackson. After the war he moved to Macon, Georgia to practice law again. In 1875, he was appointed associate justice of the Supreme Court of Georgia and moved to Atlanta, Georgia. He was named as chief justice of the State supreme court in 1880 and served in this position until his death.

</doc>
<doc id="2848754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848754" title="Campine">
Campine

The Campine (French) or De Kempen (Dutch) is a natural region situated chiefly in north-eastern Belgium and parts of the south-eastern Netherlands which once consisted mainly of extensive moors, tracts of sandy heath, and wetlands. It encompasses a large northern and eastern portion of Antwerp province and adjacent parts of Limburg in Belgium, as well as portions of the Dutch province of North Brabant (area southwest of Eindhoven) and Dutch Limburg around Weert.
Today the Campine is becoming a popular destination for tourists in search of a quiet and relaxing weekend. Old farms have been transformed into bed-and-breakfast hotels, the restaurant and café business is very active, and an extensive cycle touring network has come into existence over the past few years.
Part of the Campine is protected as the "Hoge Kempen Nationaal Park" (High Campine National Park). It is located in the east of the Belgian province of Limburg, between Genk and the Meuse valley and was opened in March 2006. 
Covering almost , it forms part of the Natura 2000 network. The area is mostly heathland and pine forest.
In May 2011 it was placed on UNESCO's Tentative List for consideration as a World Heritage Site.
Etymology.
The name Campine / Kempen derives from the Latin Campinia or Campina, meaning "region of fields" ("campus" means "field"). The inhabitants of the Campine region are known as "Kempenaars". 
Culture.
The region, described as "a desolate flat land" often appears in the books of the prominent Flemish writer Hendrik Conscience (1812–1883), who spent much of his childhood there. Another author who has written many novels playing in the Campine was Georges Eekhoud (1854–1927). In 1837 Victor Hugo made a journey through Belgium and visited the Campine and the cities Lier and Turnhout, and wrote about his journey. During the interbellum Felix Timmermans, Stijn Streuvels, Jozef Simons and the poet Jozef De Voght wrote about the Belgian Campine. The painters Jakob Smits (1855–1928) and Frans Van Giel (1892–1975) painted many Campine landscapes. 
The region is rich in folk tales, such as the stories about the Buckriders (Dutch: "Bokkenrijders") and those concerning the gnome king Kyrië (Dutch: "Kabouterkoning Kyrië").
The "Museum Kempenland" in Eindhoven has a considerable and historically important art collection of painters, draughtsmen, sculptors, blacksmiths and other craftsmen from this region. Much of the architectural, agrarian and historical and cultural heritage of the Campine can be visited in the museum of Bokrijk. The old way of living and the Campine dialects have been the topic of scientific research. In the Roman era the name of the region was Toxandria or Taxandria.
History.
The Campine is an area which is located in the Belgian provinces Antwerp, Limburg and the extreme north of the province Flemish Brabant, and in the south of the Dutch province Noord-Brabant. It stretches from the east of the city of Antwerp and towards the west of Eindhoven. Furthermore towards the east the Campine proceeds in the Groote Peel, a region which is geographically related to the Campine. The South border is formed by the river the Demer. The East border by the valley of the river Meuse. The "Campine plateau" is part of the Campine region. The "Campine Basin", which extends from Belgium into the Netherlands is formed by the Devonian and Carboniferous sedimentary rocks on the northern flank of the Brabant Massif.
Since it was a region with a poor sand soil, one finds only a few old or large cities in the region. Most of those cities are located at the outer rim of the region, such as Hasselt, Diest, Aarschot, Lier (the self-styled "gate of the Campine", a title also claimed by the Northern-Brabant Oirschot), Breda, Tilburg, Eindhoven, Maaseik, and Maastricht. Turnhout is an exception. West of Turnhout clay was used for the production of barge, which is one of the reasons why the "Noord-Kempens Canal" was dug to Antwerp. Also the more central Herentals was an historical industrial center, thanks to its textile industry of which the "Lakenhal" on the main market place is a remaining monument. The printing industry in Turnhout is historically important, with companies such as Brepols and more recently Cartamundi.
The region was sparsely populated, and therefore chosen by monks who were looking for silence such as the abbeys of Achel, Brecht, Zundert, Postel, Westmalle and Tongerlo. In the 19th and 20th centuries, industry established itself in the region, such as the metallurgy in Balen-Overpelt-Lommel. In 1872 the "Sablières et Carrières Réunies" (SCR), now Sibelco, was founded to extract the silica sand layers in Mol for industrial applications (glass). In 1891, the Koninklijke Philips Electronics N.V. was founded in Eindhoven (Noord-Brabant). 
In the 20th century, the first nuclear installation in Belgium, the SCK•CEN, was built in Mol in 1962. The European Institute for Reference Materials and Measurements (IRMM) was founded in Geel in 1957. Pharmaceutical industry was founded in Beerse in the 1960s, with Janssen Pharmaceutica and more recently with Genzyme in Geel. Soudal (silicon) in Turnhout and Ravago (plastics) in Arendonk became leading companies in their markets. Wide open spaces with scarce population also led to the establishment of several military bases, such as the army installations at Leopoldsburg and Brasschaat, and the air bases of Kleine Brogel, Oostmalle, Weelde and Zutendaal.
Due to the exploitation of the Campine coal basin, especially after World War II, new industrial activity was established, such as in Geel, Beringen and Genk. The Belgian village of Malle is called "Heart of the Campine"', while Westerlo and Kasterlee are called "Pearl of the Campine". The most picturesque villages in the Dutch, Northern-Brabant Campine are Oirschot, Eersel and Hilvarenbeek. The other villages have lost much of their historical elements in their course towards industrialisation. In the Dutch Campine eight villages are located which are known under the name "acht zaligheden" (E: "eight blessed ones"). The denomination "zaligheden" has been borrowed from the "sel", which is at the end of the name of seven of these eight villages "selligheden").
In the Campine there are still a number of bunches, marshes, heathlands and pastures. Large areas of the region were also covered with pine which was used in the coalmines of Wallonia and Limburg. The first pine in the Campine was sown in the "Gierlebos" in Vosselaar by Adriaan Ghys for Amalia van Solms in 1667. Where the Campine, up to around 1960 includes mainly heathland, oak grove and marsh, these were modified by heavy fertilisation and building activities and were gradually changed into a rather small-scale landscape. Here and there still up to several dozens acres of large heathland - and forests, such as the Kalmthoutse Heide (E: Kalmthout heathland) at Kalmthout, Belgium, the "De Maten" in Genk, "De Zegge" (Geel), "Zwart Water" (Lichtaart), the "Zwart Water" moors (Turnhout), the "Liereman" (Oud-Turnhout) and the Prinsenpark (Retie). The natural reserves "De Teut" in Zonhoven and "Ter Haagdoornheide" in Houthalen-Helchteren and the "Nationaal Park Hoge Kempen". At the border with Belgium in the Dutch part of Campine near Bladel there is natural landscape area with heathland such as Cartierheide and "De Pals" and "Kroonvense Heide". To the North, the area between Boxtel and Oisterwijk is called "Kampina". In a number of villages one can still see the typical Campine "langgevelboerderijen" (E: "long facade farms").

</doc>
<doc id="2848762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848762" title="ZetaGrid">
ZetaGrid

ZetaGrid was at one time the largest distributed computing project designed to explore roots of the Riemann zeta function, checking over one billion roots a day.
Roots of the zeta function are of particular interest in mathematics, since the presence of even a single one that is out of line with the rest would instantly disprove the Riemann hypothesis, with far-reaching consequences for all of mathematics. So far, every single one of them has failed to provide a counterexample to the Riemann hypothesis.
The project ended in November 2005 due to instability of hosting provider. Over 1013 first zeroes were checked. After the results have been analyzed, the project administrator has stated that they will be posted on the American Mathematical Society website.

</doc>
<doc id="2848768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848768" title="InterTrust Technologies">
InterTrust Technologies

Intertrust Technologies Corporation is a company that invents, develops, and licenses software, technologies and intellectual property for digital rights management (DRM) and trusted computing (TC). The company holds over 150 patents and has over 300 patent applications pending worldwide. Intertrust's inventions enable a broad range of products that use DRM and trusted computing technologies, including operating systems, digital media platforms, consumer electronics and mobile computing devices, web services, and secure enterprise automation. Through its wholly owned subsidiary Seacert, Intertrust provides trust management services for the Marlin and OMA DRM standards. Intertrust provides Marlin DRM server and client SDKs to support any type of server or client, including set-top boxes, Internet TVs, personal computers, mobile phones, and other service-enabled devices. Intertrust is headquartered in Silicon Valley and has regional offices in London and Beijing.
Intertrust was founded in 1990 by inventor-entrepreneur Victor Shear. Shear's vision was to revolutionize electronic commerce by creating technologies that allowed independent actors to establish trust between each other when using digital networks and devices. Shear, a sociologist by training, brought concepts from human behavior, community construction, commerce and economics to life in the digital world in a unique and innovative way. The concepts that Intertrust has developed over the years cross disciplines and impact everything requiring trusted transactions, from healthcare, enterprise computing to entertainment and consumer electronics.
The company has gone through many transformations through its 20 plus year life; starting as a quiet research lab under the name Electronic Publishing Resources in 1990, to becoming a public company providing neutral root of trust services from 1999-2003 (NASDAQ:ITRU), to becoming a private joint venture of Philips, Sony and Stephens Inc. in early 2003. Today, Intertrust is a research and development company focused on invention, licensing, standardization and reference technologies, focused on applications of its technologies to entertainment, healthcare, enterprise computing and smartgrid energy. Intertrust also operates a venture incubator.

</doc>
<doc id="2848769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848769" title="East African Airlines">
East African Airlines

East African Airlines was an airline based in Kampala, Uganda, operating out of Entebbe International Airport.
History.
The airline was established in March 2002 and started operations on 2 December 2002. It was originally incorporated as Africa Air in March 2002, but the name was changed to East African Airlines on 17 May 2002. The airline was owned by Fin Investments (50%), its President, Chairman and Chief Executive Benedict Mutyaba (40%), and Patrick Kabunakuki (10%). In 2007, the airline was shut down.
Fleet.
The East African Airlines fleet consisted of one single ageing Boeing 737-200 aircraft.

</doc>
<doc id="2848774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848774" title="Lyulka">
Lyulka

Lyulka was a USSR aero engine design bureau and manufacturer from 1938 to the 1990s, when manufacturing and design elements were integrated as NPO Saturn based at Rybinsk. The Lyulka design bureau had its roots in the Kharkov Aviation Institute where Arkhip Mikhailovich Lyulka was working with a team designing the "ATsN" (Agregat Tsentralnovo Nadduva - Centralised supercharger) installation on the Petlyakov Pe-8 bomber. Lyul'ka was responsible for designing the first Soviet gas turbine engines. Preferring to steer away from copying captured German equipment, it succeeded in producing home grown engines.

</doc>
<doc id="2848775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848775" title="Douelle">
Douelle

Douelle is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.
It is a port on the left bank of the Lot River.
The village's history has been closely linked with the transport of local wine, as well as the manufacture of barrels. (The wooden stave of a barrel is named a Douelle).

</doc>
<doc id="2848776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848776" title="Helge Skoog">
Helge Skoog

Helge Skoog, born 6 August 1938 in Borås, Västra Götalands län (Västergötland) is a Swedish actor, who became well known during the 1980s appearing on the TV series "Teatersport". During the 2000s (decade), he took part in the TV program "Parlamentet.
Skog was married to Busk Margit Jonsson from 1964-1977.

</doc>
<doc id="2848782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848782" title="Industrial policy of Japan">
Industrial policy of Japan

A complicated system of Industrial Policies was devised by the Japanese Government after World War II and especially in the 1950s and 1960s. The goal was to promote industrial development, and it cooperated closely for this purpose with private firms. The objective of industrial policy was to shift resources to specific industries in order to gain international competitive advantage for Japan. These policies and methods were used primarily to increase the productivity of inputs and to influence, directly or indirectly, industrial investment.
Administrative guidance ("gyōsei shidō" 行政指導) is a principal instrument of enforcement used extensively throughout the Japanese government to support a wide range of policies. Influence, prestige, advice, and persuasion are used to encourage both corporations and individuals to work in directions judged desirable. The persuasion is exerted and the advice is given by public officials, who often have the power to provide or to withhold loans, grants, subsidies, licenses, tax concessions, government contracts, import permits, foreign exchange, and approval of cartel arrangements. The Japanese use administrative guidance to buffer market swings, anticipate market developments, and enhance market competition.
Mechanisms used by the Japanese government to affect the economy typically relate to trade, labor markets, competition, and tax incentives. They include a broad range of trade protection measures, subsidies, de jure and de facto exemptions from antitrust statutes, labor market adjustments, and industry-specific assistance to enhance the use of new technology. Rather than producing a broad range of goods, the Japanese selected a few areas in which they can develop high-quality goods that they can produce in vast quantities at competitive prices. A good example is the camera industry, which since the 1960s has been dominated by Japan.
Historically, there have been three main elements in Japanese industrial development. The first was the development of a highly competitive manufacturing sector. The second was the deliberate restructuring of industry toward higher value-added, high productivity industries. In the late 1980s, these were mainly knowledge-intensive tertiary industries. The third element was aggressive domestic and international business strategies.
Japan has few natural resources and depends on massive imports of raw materials. It must export to pay for its imports, and manufacturing and the sales of its services, such as banking and finance, were its principal means of doing so. For these reasons, the careful development of the producing sector has been a key concern of both government and industry throughout most of the twentieth century. Government and business leaders generally agree that the composition of Japan's output must continually shift if living standards are to rise. Government plays an active role in making these shifts, often anticipating economic developments rather than reacting to them.
After World War II, the initial industries that policy makers and the general public felt Japan should have were iron and steel, shipbuilding, the merchant marine, machine industries in general, heavy electrical equipment, and chemicals. Later they added the automobile industry, petrochemicals, and nuclear power and, in the 1980s, such industries as computers and semiconductors. Since the late 1970s, the government has strongly encouraged the development of knowledge-intensive industries. Government support for research and development grew rapidly in the 1980s, and large joint government-industry development projects in computers and robotics were started. At the same time, government promoted the managed decline of competitively troubled industries, including textiles, shipbuilding, and chemical fertilizers through such measures as tax breaks for corporations that retrained workers to work at other tasks.
Although industrial policy remained important in Japan in the 1970s and 1980s, thinking began to change. Government seemed to intervene less and become more respectful of price mechanisms in guiding future development. During this period, trade and direct foreign investment were liberalized, tariff and nontariff trade barriers were lowered, and the economies of the advanced nations became more integrated, as the result of the growth of international trade and international corporations. In the late 1980s, knowledge-intensive and high-technology industries became prominent. The government showed little inclination to promote such booming parts of the economy as fashion design, advertising, and management consulting. The question at the end of the 1980s was whether the government would become involved in such new developments or whether it would let them progress on their own.

</doc>
<doc id="2848789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848789" title="Parbati River (Rajasthan)">
Parbati River (Rajasthan)

The Parbati River in Rajasthan, India, rises in hilly terrain near Chhawar village in the Sawai Madhopur district. It runs for 123 km and falls into the Gambhir River near Kharagpur in Dhaulpur District, Rajasthan.

</doc>
<doc id="2848792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848792" title="Mack Lee Hill">
Mack Lee Hill

Mack Lee Hill (August 17, 1940 – December 14, 1965) was an American college and professional football player. He played running back at Southern University and for the American Football League's Kansas City Chiefs for two seasons (1964–65), before dying while undergoing knee surgery, days after a game against the Buffalo Bills.
He made the Chiefs' roster in 1964 as a rookie free agent out of Southern and wound up as the team's second-leading rusher that season with 567 yards and four touchdowns on 105 carries. He played in the AFL All-Star Game after his rookie campaign. He gained 627 yards, second-most on the team, in 1965, even though he did not complete the season, dying after the 12th game. He was nicknamed "The Truck." 
Hill tore a ligament in his right knee during a game against the Bills, forcing him to undergo season-ending surgery on that knee. He was still on the operating table when his temperature suddenly spiked to 108 degrees, triggering severe convulsions. He died of hyperthermia.
Through Hill's inspiration, the Chiefs created the Mack Lee Hill Award, which is given each season to the team's most outstanding rookie. His #36 jersey has been retired.
He had a son, Marzell Hill.

</doc>
<doc id="2848803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848803" title="NFPA 70E">
NFPA 70E

NFPA 70E, titled Standard for Electrical Safety in the Workplace, is a standard of the National Fire Protection Association (NFPA). The document covers electrical safety requirements for employees. The NFPA is best known for its sponsorship of the National Electrical Code (NFPA 70).
Purpose.
NFPA 70E addresses employee workplace electrical safety requirements. The standard focuses on practical safeguards that also allow workers to be productive within their job functions. Specifically, the standard covers the safety requirements for the following:

</doc>
<doc id="2848810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848810" title="Penny Ford">
Penny Ford

Penny Ford (also known as Pennye Ford, born June 11, 1964) is an American singer from Cincinnati, Ohio. Ford is the daughter of veteran record company executive and producer Gene Redd, Sr., and evangelist/pastor Carolyn Ford-Griffith (now deceased); she remains a Protestant today. She is also the younger half-sister of singer Sharon Redd.
Career.
Early career: 1984–1990.
Following a stint as a GAP Band backing vocalist, Penny Ford released an album entitled "Pennye" in 1984, and two singles from the album made the UK Singles Chart; "Change Your Wicked Ways", which reached No. 76, and "Dangerous", which reached No. 43.
Career success: 1990–1999.
Ford became friends with fellow vocalist Chaka Khan, while singing background vocals on "Our Day Will Come", a duet with Edwin Starr. She was also a lead singer with the German electronic dance band Snap!, on their 1990 number one hit, "The Power". Ford also sang the lead vocal on the Snap! songs "Oops Up" and "Mary Had a Little Boy".
2nd Album Release.
In 1993, Penny released her second album, "Penny Ford", and again achieved an additional UK Top 50 hit with her cover of the 1972 Aretha Franklin song, "Daydreaming", which reached No. 43.
Judge Mathis appearance: 2003.
In 2003, Ford appeared on an episode of the U.S. television program "Judge Mathis" suing a producer/boyfriend. One of her witnesses was Chaka Khan; though Khan did not appear, she spoke to the judge Mathis via telephone.
Later career and current work: 2006–present.
In 2006, Penny returned and emerged once again as the Original and Official singer of the group SNAP!. She has also rejoined with the SNAP! producers Michael Muenzing and Luca Anzilloti and has been performing worldwide. Now resides in Offenbach, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="2848812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848812" title="Marvin Braude">
Marvin Braude

Marvin Braude (1920–2005) was a member of the Los Angeles City Council for 32 years, between 1965 and 1997—the third-longest-serving council member in the history of the city. He was known for protecting the open space of the Santa Monica Mountains and successfully pushing the city to ban smoking in restaurants and government buildings.
Biography.
Braude was born on August 11, 1920, in Chicago, Illinois, the only son of Benjamin and Rose Braude, and attended the University of Illinois in 1937. He graduated from the University of Chicago in 1941 with a bachelor's degree in political science. He was a research assistant with the Cowles Commission for Research in Economics in 1941 and an instructor in social science at the University of Chicago in 1942. He owned and operated small businesses and a small investment firm until he was elected to the City Council in 1965.
Braude was married to Marjorie Sperry of Chicago on September 26, 1948; they went to Yosemite on their honeymoon and decided then to move to California, which they did in 1951. She became a medical doctor and specialized in psychiatry. The couple moved to the Brentwood district of Los Angeles in 1952. They had two children, Liza, born in May 1953, and Ann, born in July 1955. Marjorie Braude, who became head of the Los Angeles Domestic Violence Task Force, died in February 2005, ten months before her husband.
He was co-founder and first president of the Santa Monica Mountains Regional Park Association, founder of Capital for Small Business in Los Angeles and president of the Crestwood Hills Association.
He was described as being "professorial, cranky and wonkish . . . abrupt and cantakerous, especially with those who stood in his way." "The polyester suits he ordered from Sears, Roebuck & Co. catalogs were one of his trademarks. He brought health food in plastic containers to the banquets he was obliged to attend."
Braude died at the age of 85 on December 7, 2005, in Rancho Mirage, California, after breaking his leg in a fall and contracting pneumonia while in the hospital. He chose to be cremated, said his daughter Ann, because he believed using open space for cemeteries was "poor land-use policy." A memorial service was held at University Synagogue in Brentwood, Los Angeles, and donations were asked for the Santa Monica Mountains Conservancy.
City Council.
Elections.
"See also List of Los Angeles municipal election returns, 1965 and after."
In April 1965, Braude took on conservative incumbent Karl L. Rundberg in Los Angeles City Council District 11 and finished the primary election with less than half the votes of Rundberg (11,033 against 22,397), but in the May 1965 final, a "wave of public indignation over plans to carve a major highway across the Santa Monica Mountains" carried him into office: he beat the veteran Rundberg by 22,023 votes to 18,976.
Braude was not seriously threatened in succeeding elections until 1997, when he faced "a strong challenge" from Cindy Miscikowski, his former chief of staff, among others. In 1996 he said he would begin to donate large sums of money from his $100,000 salary and his extensive financial portfolio to fund city projects within his district if he were reelected. He decided, however, to retire instead of campaigning.
In that era (1971), the 11th District covered Pacific Palisades, Brentwood, West Los Angeles, with sections of Tarzana, Encino, Rancho Park, Westdale, Mar Vista and Venice. It covered 52 square miles and had some 210,000 residents.
Post-council.
In September 1997 Braude became at the age of 76 a "distinguished practitioner in residence" at the University of Southern California, giving lectures and advising students on research projects and papers.
Legacy.
The Marvin Braude Mulholland Gateway Park in Tarzana, California, the Marvin Braude Constituent Service Center at the Government Center in Van Nuys and the Marvin Braude Bike Trail (formerly the South Bay and Santa Monica Bike Paths) are named after him.
References.
Access to some "Los Angeles Times" links may require the use of a library card.

</doc>
<doc id="2848821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848821" title="Sergei Bulgakov">
Sergei Bulgakov

Sergei Nikolaevich Bulgakov (; – July 12, 1944) was a Russian Orthodox Christian theologian, philosopher, and economist.
Biography.
Early life.
Sergei Nicolaevich Bulgakov was born on 16 June 1871 to the family of an Orthodox priest (Nikolai Bulgakov) in the town of Livny, Oryol guberniya, in Russia.
He studied at Orel seminary, then at Yelets gimnasium. In 1894 he graduated from the Law School of Moscow University, where he had also undertaken a serious study of political economy.
During his study at the seminary Bulgakov became interested in Marxism and took part in the Legal Marxism movement. Under the influence of works of Russian religious thinkers (Leo Tolstoy, Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Vladimir Solovyov, etc.), in the course of his meetings and arguments with Leo Tolstoy he found his religious beliefs again. He wrote a book about his evolution (Sergey Bulgakov, "From Marxism to Idealism", 1903). Such an evolution was common for the Russian intelligentsia of the time, and he soon became one of their recognised ideologists. A primary contributor to the books "Problems of Idealism" (1902), "Vekhi", "Problems of Religion", "About Vladimir Solovyev", "About the Religion of Leo Tolstoy", "The Religion of Solovyov's Philosophical Society", he participated in the journals "New Way" (Новый Путь) and "Questions of Life" (Вопросы Жизни). He was a leader of the publisher "Way" (Путь, 1911–1917), where he printed many important works of contemporary Orthodox theology.
From 1906 to 1922.
In 1907 he was elected as an independent "Christian Socialist" to the Second Duma. He published the important original monographs "Philosophy of Economy" («Философия хозяйства» 1912) and "Unfading Light" («Свет Невечерний» 1917), in which he first offered his own teaching based on the combination of "sophiology" of Vladimir Solovyov and Pavel Florensky, the later works of Schelling, and his own intuition-based ideas about the Orthodox Christian faith.
In 1918, having returned to the Orthodox Church, he was ordained to the priesthood, and rose to prominence in church circles. He took part in the All-Russia Sobor of the Russian Orthodox Church that elected patriarch Tikhon of Moscow. Bulgakov rejected the October revolution and responded with "On the Feast of the Gods" ("На пиру богов", 1918), a book similar to the "Three Talks" of Vladimir Solovyov.
During the Russian Civil War he was in Crimea, where he worked in the field of philosophy. He wrote books "Philosophy of the Name" ( "Философия имени", 1920) and "Tragedy of Philosophy" ("Трагедия философии", 1920) in which he revised his views about the relation of Philosophy to Dogmatism. He concluded that the Christian views can be expressed only by dogmatic theology. Thereafter his works were devoted to dogmatic theology.
On December 30, 1922, the Bolshevik government expelled some 160 prominent intellectuals on the so-called Philosophers' ship, Bulgakov, Nikolai Berdyaev, and Ivan Ilyin among them.
Bulgakov in Paris.
In May 1923, he became professor of Church Law and Theology at the school of law of the "Russian Research Institute" in Prague.
In 1925 he helped found St. Sergius Orthodox Theological Institute ("l'Institut de Théologie Orthodoxe Saint-Serge"), in Paris, France. He was the head of this institute and Professor of Dogmatic Theology until his death from throat cancer on July 12, 1944. His last work was devoted to the Apocalypse.
Controversy.
Bulgakov’s teaching on sophiology is highly controversial. The attempt to understand it properly is hindered by the highly political controversy surrounding it in the 1930s.
Ecclesiastical situation in Russian Orthodoxy.
By 1931 there existed three separate Russian Orthodox jurisdictions in Europe: the Russian Church Abroad/Sremski Karlovtsy Synod (ROCA or ROCOR) under Met. Anthony (Khrapovitsky); the "Patriarchal" Church answering ultimately to Met. Sergius I of Moscow (of which the young Vladimir Lossky was a member); and the Russian Church in Western Europe (Bulgakov’s own jurisdiction as well as the church of Georges Florovsky) under Met. Evlogy (Georgievsky) that was under the jurisdiction of the Patriarch of Constantinople—though in 1934, Met. Evlogy was privately reconciled to Met. Anthony, and in 1935 he went to Karlovtsy for a special reunion conference, at which time the schism between him and ROCOR was healed In 1936, Met. Evlogy again cut his ties with ROCOR, quite possibly because of the controversy over .
Reaction to Bulgakov's writings.
In an ukaz of 24 August 1935 of Met. Sergius, Bulgakov’s teaching on ‘Sophia’ was described as ‘alien’ to the Orthodox faith. This ukaz was largely based on the epistolary reports of Alexis Stavrovsky. He was also the president of the Brotherhood of St Photius (Alexis Stavrovskii was president; Vladimir Lossky, the vice-president, and Evgraf Kovalevskii <later of Saint-Denis) were also among the 12-15 young laymen who made up its numbers> whose members had left the jurisdiction of Metropolitan Evlogy for that of Met. Elevthery of Lithuania. This exodus was in reaction to Met. Sergius having removed, on 10 June 1930, Met. Evlogy as the head of the Russian Orthodox Church in Western Europe (since Metropolitan Evlogy had continually refused to agree to the 30 June 1927 Declaration of Loyalty to the Soviet government) and named Elevthery as his replacement. In late 1935, Metropolitan Evlogy appointed a commission to look into the charges of heresy levelled against Bulgakov.
The commission quickly broke into factions. In June 1936 the majority report (prepared by Vasilii Zenkovskii, Anton Kartashov and others) rejected the charge of heresy but had serious objections about Sophiology. The minority report of 6 July 1936 was prepared by Fr Sergei Chetverikov and signed by Fr Georges Florovsky, who despite his personal respect for Fr. Sergius, remained an ardent critic of Sophianism for the remainder of his life. Meanwhile, the Church Abroad formally accused Bulgakov of heresy in 1935.
Fr. Sergei's reply and the episcopal conference, 1937.
Bulgakov responded to the heresy accusation in his "Dokladnaia zapiska Mitropolitu Evlogiiu prof. prot. Sergiia Bulgakova" (Paris, 1936). Archbishop Seraphim then rebutted Bulgakov in his "Zashchita sofianskoi eresi" (Sofia, 1937). No final report was prepared on the sophiology controversy by the commission set up by Bulgakov’s own jurisdiction. However, Metropolitan Evlogy convoked a bishop’s conference on 26–29 November 1937 to bring closure to the matter. The bishops in their statement were working from reports by Archimandrite Cassian (Bezobrazov) and Chetverikov and they concluded that the accusations of heresy against Bulgakov were unfounded but that his theological opinions showed serious flaws and needed correction.
Inclined toward universalism.
Bulgakov in some respects sympathized with the doctrine of universal reconciliation, with the reservation that the continuing punishment of the immortal souls of the wicked in hell may be unending since human free choice can never be destroyed.
Political views.
There is conflict in the studies regarding how conservative Bulgakov was. A classmate of Bulgakov's said he had been called a "jingoistic monarchist" and that he did not attend discussion groups. Together with Petr Struve, Bulgakov founded the illegal liberal Union of Liberation (which later emеrged as the Constitutional Democratic (Kadet) Party, the largest party in Russia between 1906–1907), and was one of the key persons in the journal "Liberation" (1902–1905). Because of the circle's secularism, which conflicted with Bulgakov's religious views, he left the society to join the liberal nationalist and socio-Christian Union of Christian Politics. When that circle was dissolved Bulgakov was more active in the Orthodoxy, so his leanings became liberal conservative.

</doc>
<doc id="2848824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848824" title="Dangerous (Penny Ford song)">
Dangerous (Penny Ford song)

"Dangerous" is a song by Penny Ford which reached the UK Top 50 in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="2848825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848825" title="Private language argument">
Private language argument

The private language argument is a philosophical argument introduced by Ludwig Wittgenstein in his later work, especially in the "Philosophical Investigations". The argument was central to philosophical discussion in the second half of the 20th century, and continues to arouse interest. The argument is supposed to show that the idea of a language understandable by only a single individual is incoherent.
In the "Investigations" Wittgenstein does not present his arguments in a succinct and linear fashion; instead, he describes particular uses of language, and prompts the reader to contemplate the implications of those uses. As a result there is considerable dispute about both the nature of the argument and its import. Indeed, it has become common to talk of private language "arguments".
Historians of philosophy see precursors of the private language argument in a variety of sources, notably in the work of Gottlob Frege and John Locke. Locke is also a prominent exponent of the view targeted by the argument, since he proposed in his "An Essay Concerning Human Understanding" that the referent of a word is the "idea" it stands for.
Significance.
The private language argument is of central importance to debates about the nature of language. One compelling theory about language is that language maps words to ideas, concepts or representations in each person's mind. On this account, the concepts in my head are distinct from the concepts in your head. But I can match my concepts to a word in our common language, and then speak the word. You then match the word to a concept in your mind. So our concepts in effect form a private language which we translate into our common language and so share. This account is found for example in "An Essay Concerning Human Understanding", and more recently in Jerry Fodor's language of thought theory. 
Wittgenstein shows, in his later work, that this account of private language is inconsistent. If the idea of a private language is inconsistent, then a logical conclusion would be that all language serves a social function. This would have profound implications for other areas of philosophical and psychological study. For example, if one cannot have a private language, it might not make any sense to talk of private experiences or of private mental states.
Philosophical Investigations.
The argument is found in part one of the "Philosophical investigations". This part consists of a series of "remarks" numbered sequentially. The core of the argument is generally thought to be presented in §256 and onward, though the idea is first introduced in §243.
What a private language is.
If someone were to behave as if they understood a language which no-one else can make sense of, we might call this an example of a private language. It is not sufficient here, however, for the language to simply be one that has not yet been translated. In order to count as a "private language" in Wittgenstein's sense, it must be in principle incapable of translation into an ordinary language - if for example it were to describe those inner experiences supposed to be inaccessible to others. The private language being considered is not simply a language "in fact" understood by one person, but a language that "in principle" can only be understood by one person. So the last speaker of a dying language would not be speaking a private language, since the language remains in principle learnable. A private language must be unlearnable and untranslatable, and yet it must appear that the speaker is able to make sense of it.
The sensation S.
Wittgenstein sets up a thought experiment in which someone is imagined to associate some recurrent sensation with a symbol by writing S in their calendar when the sensation occurs. Such a case would be a private language in the Wittgensteinian sense. Furthermore, it is presupposed that "S" cannot be defined using other terms, for example "the feeling I get when the manometer rises"; for to do so would be to give S a place in our public language, in which case S could not be a statement in a private language.
It might be supposed that one might use "a kind of ostensive definition" for S, by focusing on the sensation and on the symbol. Early in "The Investigations", Wittgenstein attacks the usefulness of ostensive definition. He considers the example of someone pointing to two nuts while saying "This is called "two"". How does it come about that the listener associates this with the "number" of items, rather than the type of nut, their colour, or even a compass direction? One conclusion of this is that to participate in an ostensive definition presupposes an understanding of the process and context involved, of the "form of life". Another is that "an ostensive definition can be variously interpreted in "every" case".
In the case of the sensation S Wittgenstein argues that there is no criterion for the correctness of such an ostensive definition, since whatever "seems" right will "be" right, 'And that only means that here we can't talk about "right".' The exact reason for the rejection of private language has been contentious. One interpretation, which has been called "memory scepticism", has it that one might "remember" the sensation wrongly, and that as a result one might misuse the term S . The other, called "meaning scepticism", has it that one can never be sure of the "meaning" of a term defined in this way.
Memory scepticism.
One common interpretation is that the possibility exists that one might misremember the sensation, and therefore one does not have any firm "criterion" for using S in each case. So, for example, I might one day focus on "that" sensation, and link it to the symbol S; but the next day, I have no criteria for knowing that the sensation I have "now" is the same as the one yesterday, except for my memory; and since my memory might fail me, I have no firm criteria for knowing that the sensation I have now is indeed S.
However, memory scepticism has been criticized as being applicable to public language, also. If one person can misremember, it is entirely possible that several people can misremember. So memory scepticism could be applied with equal effect to ostensive definitions given in a public language. For example, Jim and Jenny might one day decide to call some particular tree T; but the next day "both" misremember which tree it was they named. If they were depending entirely on their memory, and had not written down the location of the tree, or told anyone else, then they would appear to be with the same difficulties as the individual who defined S ostensively. And so, if this is the case, the argument presented against private language would apply equally to public language.
This interpretation (and the criticism of Wittgenstein that arises from it) is based on a complete misreading, however, because Wittgenstein's argument has nothing to do with the fallibility of human memory, but rather concerns the "intelligibility" of remembering something for which there is no external criterion of correctness. It is not that we will not in fact remember the sensation correctly, but rather that it makes no sense to talk of our memory being either correct or incorrect in this case. The point, as Diego Marconi puts it, is not so much that private language is "a game at which we can't win, it is a game we can't lose".
Wittgenstein makes this clear in section 258: "A definition surely serves to establish the meaning of a sign.—Well, that is done precisely by the concentrating of my attention; for in this way I impress on myself the connexion between the sign and the sensation.—But "I impress it on myself" can only mean: this process brings it about that I remember the connexion right in the future. But in the present case I have no criterion of correctness." This absence of any criterion of correctness is not a problem because it makes it more difficult for the private linguist to remember his sensation correctly; it is a problem because it undermines the intelligibility of such a concept as remembering the sensation, whether correctly or incorrectly.
Wittgenstein explains this unintelligibility with a series of analogies. For example, in section 265 he observes the pointlessness of a dictionary that exists only in the imagination. Since the idea of a dictionary is to justify the translation of one word by another, and thus constitute the reference of justification for such a translation, all this is lost the moment we talk of a dictionary in the imagination; for “justification consists in appealing to something independent". Hence, to appeal to a private ostensive definition as the standard of correct use of a term would be "as if someone were to buy several copies of the morning paper to assure himself that what it said was true."
Meaning scepticism.
Another interpretation, found for example in the account presented by Anthony Kenny has it that the problem with a private ostensive definition is not just that it might be misremembered, but that such a definition cannot lead to a meaningful statement.
Let us first consider a case of ostensive definition in a public language. Jim and Jenny might one day decide to call some particular tree T; but the next day misremember which tree it was they named. In this ordinary language case, it makes sense to ask questions such as "is this the tree we named T yesterday?" and make statements such as "This is not the tree we named T yesterday". So one can appeal to other parts of the form of life, perhaps arguing: "this is the only Oak in the forest; T was an oak; therefore this is T".
An everyday ostensive definition is embedded in a public language, and so in the form of life in which that language occurs. Participation in a public form of life enables correction to occur. That is, in the case of a public language there are other ways to check the use of a term that has been ostensively defined. We can "justify" our use of the new name T by making the ostensive definition more or less explicit.
But this is not the case with S. Recall that because S is part of a private language, it is not possible to provide an explicit definition of S. The only "possible" definition is the private, ostensive one of associating S with "that" feeling. But this is the "very thing being questioned". "Imagine someone saying: 'But I know how tall I am!' and laying his hand on top of his head to prove it."
A recurrent theme in Wittgenstein's work is that for some term or utterance to have a sense, it must be conceivable that it be doubted. For Wittgenstein, tautologies do not have sense, do not say anything, and so do not admit of doubt. But furthermore, if any other sort of utterance does not admit of doubt, it must be senseless. Rush Rhees, in his notes on lectures given by Wittgenstein, while discussing the reality of physical objects, has him say:
We get something similar when we write a tautology like "p → p". We formulate such expressions to get something in which there is no doubt - even though the sense has vanished with the doubt.
As Kenny put it, "Even to think "falsely" that something is S, I must know the meaning of S; and this is what Wittgenstein argues is impossible in the private language." Because there is no way to check the meaning (or use) of S "apart from" that private ostensive act of definition, it is not possible to "know" what S means. The sense has vanished with the doubt.
Wittgenstein uses the further analogy of the left hand giving the right hand money. The physical act might take place, but the transaction could not count as a gift. Similarly, one might say S while focusing on a sensation, but no act of naming has occurred.
The Beetle in a box.
The Beetle in a Box is a famous thought experiment that Wittgenstein introduces in the context of his investigation of pains.
Pains occupy a distinct and vital place in the philosophy of mind for several reasons. One is that pains seem to collapse the appearance/reality distinction. If an object appears to you to be red it might not be so in reality, but if you seem to yourself to be in pain you must be so: there can be no case here of seeming at all. At the same time, one cannot feel another person’s pain, but only infer it from their behavior and their reports of it.
If we accept pains as special qualia known absolutely but exclusively by the solitary minds that perceive them, this may be taken to ground a Cartesian view of the self and consciousness. Our consciousness, of pains anyway, would seem unassailable. Against this, one might acknowledge the absolute fact of one's own pain, but claim skepticism about the existence of anyone else's pains. Alternatively, one might take a behaviorist line and claim that our pains are merely neurological stimulations accompanied by a disposition to behave.
Wittgenstein invites us to imagine a community in which the individuals each have a box containing a "beetle". "No one can look into anyone else's box, and everyone says he knows what a beetle is only by looking at "his" beetle."
If the "beetle" had a use in the language of these people, it could not be as the name of something - because it is entirely possible that each person had something completely different in their box, or even that the thing in the box constantly changed, or that each box was in fact empty. The content of the box is irrelevant to whatever language game it is used in.
By analogy, it does not matter that one cannot experience another's subjective sensations. Unless talk of such subjective experience is learned through public experience the actual content is irrelevant; all we can discuss is what is available in our public language.
By offering the “beetle” as an analogy to pains, Wittgenstein suggests that the case of pains is not really amenable to the uses philosophers would make of it. “That is to say: if we construe the grammar of the expression of sensation on the model of ‘object and designation,’ the object drops out of consideration as irrelevant.”
Following a rule.
It is common to describe language use in terms of the rules that one follows, and Wittgenstein considers rules in some detail. He famously suggests that any act can be made out to follow from a given rule. He does this in setting up a dilemma:
This was our paradox: no course of action could be determined by a rule, because every course of action can be made out to accord with the rule. The answer was: if everything can be made out to accord with the rule, then it can also be made out to conflict with it. And there would be neither accord nor conflict here.
One can give an explanation of why one followed a particular rule in a particular case. But any explanation for rule following behaviour cannot be given in terms of following a rule, without involving circularity. One can say something like "She did X because of the rule R" but if you say "She followed R because of the rule R1" one can then ask "but why did she follow rule R1?" and so potentially become involved in a regression. Explanation must have an end.
His conclusion: What this shows is that there is a way of grasping a rule which is "not" an "interpretation", but which is exhibited in what we call "obeying the rule" and "going against it" in actual cases.
So following a rule is a practice. And furthermore, since one can think one is following a rule and yet be mistaken, "thinking" one is following a rule is not the same as following it. Therefore following a rule cannot be a private activity.
Kripke's interpretation.
In 1982 Saul Kripke published a new and innovative account of the argument in his book "Wittgenstein on Rules and Private Language". Kripke takes the paradox discussed in §201 to be the central problem of the "Philosophical Investigations". He develops the paradox into a Grue-like problem, arguing that it similarly results in skepticism, but about "meaning" rather than about "induction". He proposes a new form of addition, which he calls "quus", which is identical with "plus" in all cases except those in which either of the numbers to be added are greater than 57, thus:
formula_1
He then asks if anyone could know that previously when I thought I had meant "plus", I had not actually meant "quus". He claims that his argument shows that "Each new application we make is a leap in the dark; any present intention could be interpreted so as to accord with anything we may choose to do. So there can be neither accord, nor conflict".
Kripke's account is considered by some commentators to be unfaithful to Wittgenstein, and as a result has been referred to as "Kripkenstein".
Notes.
"Remarks in Part I of "Investigations" are preceded by the symbol ""§"". Remarks in Part II are referenced by their Roman numeral or their page number in the third edition.

</doc>
<doc id="2848827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848827" title="Quadrumana">
Quadrumana

Quadrumana and Bimana form an obsolete division of the primates: the Quadrumana are primates with four hands (two attached to the arms and two attached to the legs), and the Bimana are those with two hands and two feet. The attempted division of "Quadrumana" from "Bimana" forms a stage in the long campaign to find a secure way of distinguishing "Homo sapiens" from the rest of the great apes, a distinction that was culturally essential.
"Quadrumana" is Latin for "four-handed ones", which is a term used for apes since they do not have feet attached to their legs as humans do, but instead have "hands", as both pairs of hands look almost alike (with the exception of the orangutan, whose hands look exactly the same) and operate exactly like hands.
"Bimana" is Latin for "two-handed ones", which is a term used for humans, as humans have only two hands, but have two feet which apes do not.
The division was proposed by Johann Friedrich Blumenbach in the first edition of his "Manual of Natural History" (1779) and taken up by other naturalists, most notably Georges Cuvier. Some elevated the distinction to the level of an order.
However, the many affinities between humans and other primates – and especially the great apes – made it clear that the distinction made no scientific sense. In 1863, however, Thomas Henry Huxley in his "Evidence as to Man's Place in Nature" demonstrated that the higher apes might fairly be included in Bimana. Charles Darwin wrote, in "The Descent of Man" (1871):

</doc>
<doc id="2848828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848828" title="Cardaillac">
Cardaillac

Cardaillac is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.
It is located northwest of Figeac.
The village is located on the edge of the Limargue—a rich agricultural region—and Ségala, a poor rye- and chestnut-producing region. It has a rich medieval history and has been officially listed as one of the "most beautiful French villages".
A stronghold was built on a rocky promontory above Cardaillac from 1064 at the orders of Hugo, lord of Cardaillac. Today only three towers remain, dating from the thirteenth century. In 1188 it was attacked by Richard the Lionheart soon before his accession to the throne.
On 11 May 1944 three youths were executed by the "Das Reich" division, which subsequently massacred the population of Oradour-sur-Glane.

</doc>
<doc id="2848831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848831" title="Emmitt Thomas">
Emmitt Thomas

Emmitt Earl Thomas (born June 3, 1943) is currently the secondary coach of the National Football League's Kansas City Chiefs. He is a former college and professional football player who played for the American Football League's Kansas City Chiefs from 1966 to 1969, and then for the Chiefs in the NFL from 1970 to 1978. He owns the Chiefs all-time interception record with 58, which places him ninth on pro football's all-time list. Thomas was elected to the NFL's Pro Football Hall of Fame after being nominated by the Seniors Committee.
Playing career.
Thomas made the Chiefs team as an undrafted free agent from Bishop College in Dallas;
he was an AFL All-Star in 1968 and made the NFL's AFC-NFC Pro Bowl four times (1971, 1972, 1973, 1975) after the Chiefs joined the NFL in the 1970 AFL-NFL Merger. He was also selected All-Pro three times.
In the 1969 season, he led all pro football with 9 interceptions, which he returned for 146 yards and a touchdown, helping his team win the AFL Championship and the fourth and last AFL-NFL World Championship Game, which the Chiefs won 23-7 over the NFL champion Vikings. Thomas recorded an interception in the Kansas City victory. In 1974, he led the NFL in interceptions (12), return yards (214), and return touchdowns (2).
Thomas retired from playing after 13 seasons; he finished his pro football career with 58 interceptions, which he returned for 937 yards and five touchdowns. He also recovered four fumbles, gained 64 yards returning punts, and returned 29 kickoffs for 673 yards. He played in 181 career games, tying for the fifth-most in club annals, and his 58 interceptions are a franchise record.
Thomas was elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2008. He was officially inducted at the Enshrinement Ceremony where his bust, sculpted by Scott Myers, was unveiled on August 2, 2008.
Coaching career.
Thomas has been an assistant coach in the NFL since 1981. Before being named interim head coach of the Atlanta Falcons on December 12, 2007 after the resignation of Bobby Petrino, Thomas was the Falcons' Senior Defensive Assistant/Secondary Coach. After Petrino's sudden departure left the team in shambles, Thomas attempted to unite the Atlanta locker room, and was able to lead the Falcons to a season-ending victory over the Seattle Seahawks. On January 24, 2008, new Falcons head coach Mike Smith announced that Thomas would remain on staff as assistant head coach. Thomas was voted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame along with Darrell Green and Art Monk, two players he coached during Super Bowl runs with the Washington Redskins. On January 13, 2010, his contract expired and was not renewed by the Falcons.
On February 1, 2010 he was hired as the secondary coach of the Kansas City Chiefs where he had coached Pro Bowl players Eric Berry and Brandon Flowers.
Personal life.
Thomas and his wife, Jacqui, reside in Kansas City, Missouri. He has two grown children from a previous marriage. His son Derek is the former head basketball coach at Western Illinois University, while his daughter Dedra is a nurse and resides in Marshall, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="2848838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848838" title="Bimane">
Bimane

Bimane is a heterocyclic chemical compound. Bimane forms the core of a class of fluorescent dyes known as bimane dyes.

</doc>
<doc id="2848847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848847" title="Posterior root of spinal nerve">
Posterior root of spinal nerve

In anatomy and neurology, the dorsal root (or posterior root) is the afferent
sensory root of a spinal nerve. 
At the distal end of the dorsal root is the dorsal root ganglion, which contains the cell bodies of the nerve fibres contained in the root. 
If the dorsal root of a spinal nerve were severed it would lead to numbness in certain areas of the body.
The lateral division of the dorsal root contains lightly myelinated and unmyelinated fibres of small diameter. These carry pain and temperature sensation. These fibers cross through the anterior white commissure to form the Anterior lateral system in the lateral funiculus.
The medial division of the dorsal root contains myelinated fibres of larger diameter. These transmit information of discriminative touch, pressure, vibration, and conscious proprioception originating from spinal levels C2 through S5. These fibers are pushed in towards the posterior medial sulcus to form the fasciculus gracilis and the fasciculus cuneatus.

</doc>
<doc id="2848852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848852" title="Single set back">
Single set back

Single set back (also known as the "Lone Setback" or "Singleback" or "Ace" formation or "Oneback" or "Solo") is an offensive base formation in American Football which requires only one running back (usually a halfback) lined up about five yards behind the quarterback. There are many variations on single back formations including two tight ends and two wide receivers, one tight end/three wide receivers, etc. The running back can line up directly behind the quarterback or offset either the weak side (away from the tight end) or the strong side (towards the tight end).
Use in the NFL.
Washington Redskins coach Joe Gibbs first began using the single-back as a base offense in order to move defenders off the line of scrimmage. He found that having an extra receiver on the line forced defenses to choose their poison by either defending the pass or the run because they were not able to focus on both at once using the amount of personnel that they had on the field. He also then began utilizing sets of two tight ends as blockers mainly to protect his quarterbacks from Lawrence Taylor. He believed having an extra blocker on the line would make it easier to keep Taylor out of his backfield. By using different formations and motion before the ball was snapped, he also found that he could confuse defenders on whether the play would be a pass or a run.
This formation has gained popularity in the NFL as teams have started trading out a fullback, or blocking back, in favor of another wide receiver or tight end who is usually faster and better able to receive the ball, while still helping the run game with down-field blocks. The effectiveness of the formation is further increased if the team has athletic tight ends with good pass catching abilities, thereby increasing the versatility of the formation. It is, moreover, good for bootlegs and reverses. Many NFL teams will also run the same singleback formations out of the shotgun with the running back standing next to the quarterback.
Single-back offenses have gained popularity due to zone blocking and advanced defenses. There are several combinations of single back formations that are used in Division 1 and NFL football. Speed offenses will use single back because the defense still has to respect the run out of these formations since you can line up many tight ends and still have a down field passing game. Single back offenses create match-up problems in the defense. Linebackers will often have to cover receivers in passing routes while defensive safeties are used more to come up and stop the run on the line of scrimmage. Teams that run a single-back offense typically rely on quick receivers that run great routes, balanced tight ends (blocking/receiving), intelligent, shifty running backs, fast and intelligent offensive linemen, and a quarterback that can read defenses and make safe throws under pressure. Single-back offenses are more common in the NFL than in college or high school.

</doc>
<doc id="2848857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848857" title="Mana River">
Mana River

Mana () is a river in Krasnoyarsk Krai, Russia, making a confluence with the Yenisey River some 16 km (10 mi) from Krasnoyarsk city. 
The Mana has a length of 475 km (295 mi) and the basin area of 9,320 km²(3,598 mi²), it is flowing down northwards from the Eastern Sayan mountains to the Yenisey River. At the place of confluence the Ust-Mana village is located. The upper river called Pravaya Mana is a typical mountain river having many rapids, the lower part is calm, winding among the high hills. The river freezes over in the first half of November, ice breaking usually begins in the second half of April.
The Mana River is a popular place of rafting tourism, mostly on the calm, easily passable part of the river beginning from the Beret village or more difficult, from the village of Bolshoy Ungut. The place called Manskiy Plyos near Ust-Mana is very popular for holding various festivals, such as the traditional festival of bard songs.

</doc>
<doc id="2848862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848862" title="İhap Hulusi Görey">
İhap Hulusi Görey

İhap Hulusi Görey (November 28, 1898, Cairo - March 27, 1986, Istanbul), was the first Turkish graphic artist best known for his illustrations on posters and labels of several Turkish brands in the Republican era.
Early life.
Ihap Hulusi’s father was a well-known architect in Cairo and he wanted his son become a successful diplomat. For this Ihap Hulusi was sent to English schools in Cairo. However, his primary interest was in painting. In the meantime, he took lessons in painting by mail from Germany. In 1920, after graduating from the high school, Ihap Hulusi went to Munich, Germany, and studied painting for five years specializing in illustrations.
Following his return, İhap Hulusi's father enrolled him to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Istanbul against his will. So Ihap Hulusi dropped off after a while and devoted himself to commercial graphic art.
Career.
Ihap Hulusi’s first work was the illustration for a toothpaste advertisement poster. In 1929 he established his first workshop in Istanbul and designed 1930 the famous bottle label for the Turkish liquor Raki brand "Kulüp Rakısı". This artwork on the bottle label is still in use today.
With the Latin alphabet reform in 1928, Atatürk commissioned him in 1934 to make illustrations in order to promote the adoption of the new Turkish alphabet. The graphic artwork showed Atatürk teaching the new Turkish alphabet to a little girl, Atatürk’s adoptive daughter Ülkü.
His first private exhibition was held in 1935 in Istanbul. Several exhibitions followed at home and abroad. Ihap Hulusi Görey got famed and performed illustrations for state and private companies until 1977. He worked uninterruptedly 45 years for the tickets of the Turkish State lottery, which come out three times a month. He designed the bottle labels of various products of the Turkish State Monopoly 35 years long. He illustrated also posters for the famous brands like the British whisky John Haig, Italian Cinzano and Fernet Branca.
Görey designed also logos for some companies, which helped them get easily recognized and well known. In his late life he was much involved in performing calligraphy.
He was called the "man who illustrated the Republic" or the "king of the graphic art". Ihap Hulusi Görey died on March 27, 1986 in Istanbul. He was succeeded by his fourth wife Naşide after 27 years of togetherness.
Ender Merter, a Turkish advertisement businessman, who collects the works of Ihap Hulusi Görey since 1993, exhibited in 2002 Görey’s original drawings, aquarelles, calligraphies and personal belongings in the Rahmi M Koç Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="2848866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848866" title="Savvis">
Savvis

Savvis, formerly SVVS on Nasdaq and formerly known as Savvis Communications Corporation, and, later, Savvis Inc., is a subsidiary of CenturyLink, a company headquartered in Monroe, Louisiana. The company sells managed hosting and colocation services with more than 50 data centers (over 2 million square feet) in North America, Europe, and Asia, automated management and provisioning systems, and information technology consulting. Savvis has approximately 2,500 unique business and government customers.
Early history.
Savvis was founded in November 1995 under the name DiamondNet by CTO/COO Timothy Munro Roberts and CEO Andrew Gladney. The two had met in the St. Louis area in 1994 where both lived, with Roberts working for a computer store and Gladney a customer. Gladney put up the initial capital ($600,000 or $1 million, according to different sources) for a 75% stake in the startup, with Roberts’ stake the remaining 25%.
Gary Zimmerman, recruited by Roberts from SBC Communications Inc. to become Vice President of Engineering at Savvis in November 1995, built out Robert's first national network design. The original network design was unique within the industry at the time it became fully operational, and there was significant coverage and discussion in the trade press regarding both the network and its architect, Roberts. In 2001, the last year in which Robert's original design was in use, Savvis was ranked the #1 fastest Backbone Network by Keynote Systems, an independent network ratings service.
Roberts closed a revenue contract with Apple Computer, Inc. as their first large customer, dealing with David Zimmerman and Marty Suzuki at Apple's Cupertino headquarters. By leveraging the Apple Computer customer reference and testimonials, the company was able to close additional large contracts with other industry providers, and it quickly gained wide industry recognition.
During this growth spurt, the company attracted the notice of St. Louis' Gateway Venture Partners, who subsequently invested millions of dollars. After the Gateway investment, Sam Sanderson, former CEO of Rogers Cable, was brought to helm the company. Sanderson brought much needed support to the company, closing substantial contracts and placing the company into an aggressive marketing position. Contemporaneously, Bob Murphy was named to the Chief Financial Officer position (Murphy was previously the CFO of Williams Communications). Murphy in turn attracted additional capital, and a sound financial management team.
DiamondNet becomes Savvis.
In 1996, DiamondNet changed its name to Savvis Communications Corporation.
Founders part with Savvis.
In 1997, Roberts left the company, and Gladney left his position as CEO to become vice chairman. Gladney's relationship with Savvis ended shortly thereafter in 1999. By the time of the company's IPO (in 2000), Gladney's stake was 1% of the outstanding shares.
Growth and acquisitions.
In 1999 Savvis was acquired by Bridge Information Systems. After a year as a Bridge Company, Savvis was spun off by Bridge as a public company. Savvis' February 2000 public offering (IPO) was listed on the NASDAQ stock exchange as "SVVS". Since its IPO, Savvis has grown both organically and through strategic acquisitions. In 2002, Savvis purchased WAM!NET, a content management and media application service, followed in 2003 by a purchase of the hosting operation and customers of Intel Online Services. In 2004 the company purchased the assets of Cable & Wireless America which included 15 data centers and the customers of Exodus Communications, the Tier-1 Internet backbone previously owned by MCI, the content delivery network (CDN) from Digital Island, and a significant professional services organization for $155 million in cash and assumed liabilities of approximately $12.5 million.
Name change.
In 2005, Savvis announced a change in its name from Savvis Communications Corporation to Savvis, Inc. to reflect company expansion from network services to Global IT services.Until January 21, 2014, Savvis was referred to as Savvis, a CenturyLink company, an autonomous managed-hosting entity under the CenturyLink umbrella. In early 2014, the company name was changed to CenturyLink Technology Solutions, in order to better align the Savvis business unit and the CenturyLink parent company.
Gartner Magic Quadrant.
Savvis was well positioned in the "Magic Quadrant for Hosting" published by Gartner. The Gartner report commented on Savvis for its range of quality services. In particular, Gartner noted that Savvis had an above-average customer portal and strong history of delivering utility offerings.
Content delivery network divestitures.
In 2006, Savvis announced that Level 3 Communications would acquire Savvis’ content delivery network (CDN) services business for $135 million; the deal included network assets, customer contracts and intellectual property used in Savvis’ CDN business.
Expanding EMEA presence.
In 2007, Savvis opened a data center in Singapore, increasing its presence in the Asia Pacific region. The following year, it opened a new data center in London, increasing its services in Europe.
Acquisition of Fusepoint.
In June 2010, Savvis acquired Canadian technology firm Fusepoint, including data centers in Toronto, Montreal and Vancouver.
Recovery.
In January 2011, Savvis was positioned in the Leaders quadrant of the Magic Quadrant for Cloud Infrastructure-as-a-Service and Web Hosting (2010 Edition) by Gartner, an IT research and advisory firm. Savvis is positioned alongside 19 other web hosting providers, including AT&T, Rackspace, Verizon Business, Terremark, and Sungard in the measurement of "completeness of vision" and "ability to execute". As well, the company launched its global, cloud-focused Savvis Alliances Program for channel partners.
Savvis also entered into partnership with Bharti Airtel Limited to launch a major strategic managed hosting and cloud computing initiative in India.
Acquisition by CenturyLink.
On April 27, 2011, telecommunications firm CenturyLink, Inc. and Savvis reached an agreement whereby CenturyLink will acquire Savvis through a buyout of outstanding common shares in cash and stocks, for approximately $2.5 billion USD. This valued Savvis at $40 per share, which represented an 11% premium over Savvis’ closing price on April 26, 2011. Under the agreement, Savvis shareholders are to receive $30 per share in cash and $10 in shares of CenturyLink common stock. In September 2011, Savvis announced facility expansions in existing markets including Atlanta, Boston, and Toronto; as well as the opening of 2 new data centers in Seattle and Piscataway, New Jersey. This adds 100,000 square feet of raised data center floor space in the 5 cities, bringing the total sellable global footprint to 2 million square feet.
Controversy.
Spam support allegations.
On 8 September 2004, Savvis' Operations Security Manager, Alif Terranson, left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents, releasing them to media outlets including the BBC, the Register, and others. These documents disclosed that Savvis was soliciting the business of spammers and that Savvis was realizing between $200,000 to $2,000,000 in per month from these customers. As a result of the negative media attention, Savvis resumed business using Spamhaus (a worldwide organization of spam fighters) to prevent and resolve customer spam issues. In a joint press release, Steve Linford, CEO and Founder of the Spamhaus Project was quoted, "Spamhaus has long recognized Savvis as a 'White Hat Network' with exemplary policies and procedures to control the proliferation of spam. We are pleased to work with Savvis to fight against spam and encourage others in the industry to adopt their leadership model."
American Express lawsuit.
In October 2005, then CEO Robert McCormick and Savvis were listed as defendants in a claim brought by American Express. The case involved charges made on McCormick's corporate American Express Card that were reported to be $241,000 at a New York strip club, Scores. While McCormick asserted that the charges were fraudulent, Scores claimed to have fingerprints of McCormick's, used specifically to verify that his large charges were legitimate. In November 2005, after an investigation into the matter by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, Savvis accepted McCormick's resignation. In March 2006, Savvis announced that the litigation brought by American Express against Savvis, McCormick and Scores had been resolved in a negotiated settlement.
Suits over security audits.
In 2009, multiple lawsuits were filed against Savvis alleging that Savvis improperly certified as compliant with credit card security standards processors, which may have resulted in significant security breaches. An analysis of one complaint reported: "According to a post-incident forensic analysis, at the time Savvis issued the , CardSystems had been improperly and continuously storing unencrypted cardholder data."

</doc>
<doc id="2848871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848871" title="Debsa Pass">
Debsa Pass

Debsa Pass is a high mountain pass in the Himalaya mountains between the Kullu and Spiti Districts of Himachal Pradesh, India. 
Joydeep Sircar led the teams which explored the watershed ridge and discovered the pass after approaching through the Parbati River valley in Kullu. After an abortive attempt on an impassable col further North in 1992, the actual pass was located and reached in 1993, but the team refrained from crossing it into Spiti under the mistaken impression that they could be arrested because they did not have Inner Line Permits required for Spiti. Two years later, the 1995 team planned to approach from the Spiti side, which involves much less height gain, but tremendous autumn floods in the upper valley of the Beas River and other areas of Himachal which wrecked roads forced them to take the Parbati approach again. This time they crossed the pass on 21 September and completed the route from Manikaran to Kaja.
Leomann's 1:200,000 map of Himachal Pradesh (Third Edition, 2005) shows a dotted track beginning at a point between the Kach (actually Kachh) and Bara Dwari Thach campsites and crossing the Kullu-Spiti watershed divide into the West Debsa Glacier to follow the West Debsa and Debsa streams to Thidim (should actually be Thango) in the Parahio Valley. This is a fairly accurate representation of the 1995 route, though the pass is left unmarked.

</doc>
<doc id="2848873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848873" title="Eresus cinnaberinus">
Eresus cinnaberinus

Eresus cinnaberinus (formerly "Eresus niger"), of the family Eresidae, is commonly called the Ladybird Spider. It is native to Europe.
The taxon ""Eresus cinnaberinus"" is considered a "nomen dubium" by some authors, the specimens having been divided into the species "E. kollari", "E. sandaliatus" and "E. moravicus". The three species differ in size, colour pattern, shape of prosoma and copulatory organs, and habitat, with no morphologically intermediate forms. As eastern and western "E. kollari" are genetically different, with the eastern form likely a hybrid between "pure" "E. kollari" and "E. moravicus", it is possible that later revisions will partition it into additional species.
Description.
Males are up to 11 mm long, females can reach up to 20 millimetres (0.79 in). Males have a black prosoma and a strikingly red opisthosoma with four black dots (sometimes with white lining), resembling a Ladybird. The back legs have white stripes, the hind legs are partly red. Females are black with some white hairs, only the front is sometimes yellow.
Distribution.
"E. cinnaberinus" is widely distributed in Central and Southern Europe. 
In England, it can be found only in a "secret" half-acre patch of south-facing Dorset heathland.
It is also found in Lithuania.
Habits.
It prefers sunny, dry locations. These spiders live in up to 10 centimetres (3.9 in) long underground tubes with a diameter of about one centimetre. On top they are much wider and lined with cribellate silk. Many webs can usually be found in the same place, sometimes up to ten on a single square metre. "E. cinnaberinus" mainly catches millipedes and beetles. Males walk around during September, searching for females. If it finds one, it lives with the female in her tube, and they feed from the same web.
Conservation.
This spider is classified as endangered in Great Britain. It is given full protection under Schedule 5 of the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981. Reintroduction is in progress at the Arne RSPB reserve in Dorset, England. In Germany it is also considered endangered.
History.
Until the late 1920s the species was recorded from several sites in the English county of Dorset but was subsequently considered extinct in Britain. Rediscovered in 1979, it is known from only a single vulnerable, confirmed site in the town of Wareham. Other unconfirmed reportings have yet to be substantiated.

</doc>
<doc id="2848875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848875" title="Bemani Pocket">
Bemani Pocket

The series was a short-lived attempt by Konami to capitalize on the market of portable entertainment in the late 1990s. They were introduced on the Japanese market in 1998 and they featured versions of most Bemani games, from "Beatmania" to "ParaParaParadise".
Beginning in 1998, "Bemani Pocket" games were used by Nintendo in collaboration with St.GIGA as prizes for national Satellaview competitions and events.
Releases.
Partial platform release list:

</doc>
<doc id="2848881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848881" title="Palmer Park (Reading, Berkshire)">
Palmer Park (Reading, Berkshire)

Palmer Park is a public park in Reading, England. The land for the park was given to the town in 1889 by the Palmer family, proprietors of the Huntley & Palmers biscuit factory, and contains a statue of George Palmer.
Popular with all of the local residents for various activities, it often hosts religious festivals, sports tournaments and small special events. In the past, Carter's Steam Fair visited the park every year. However, they stopped the annual occasion due to the discovery of ground subsidence in the park. Chalk mines were found underneath the park and the weight of the fairground rides posed great danger. Up until recently, areas around the park are fenced off to stop people from falling into suspected areas of subsidence, but these have been shored up and compacted to stop and incident from occurring.
Park facilities.
The park also contains Palmer Park Stadium, a velodrome and athletics stadium. Included in the park is Palmer Park Library, Palmer Park Bowling Club, two playgrounds and a number of football pitches which are used every week for local matches. During the summer months, some of the goal posts are removed to make way for a cricket pitch.

</doc>
<doc id="2848882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848882" title="Ed Podolak">
Ed Podolak

Edward Joseph Podolak (born September 1, 1947, in Atlantic, Iowa) is a former professional American football player. He played quarterback, running back and halfback for the University of Iowa before being selected by the American Football League's Kansas City Chiefs in the second round of the 1969 Common Draft.
During a nine-year career from 1969 to 1977, Podolak became the Chiefs' second all-time leading rusher with 4,451 yards and 34 touchdowns on 1,158 carries. He was also known for his work on special teams as a pass receiver and return man, catching 288 passes for 2,456 yards and 6 touchdowns while averaging 8.6 yards per punt and 20.5 yards per kickoff return. His 8,178 career combined yards are the second-most in the team's history. Podolak led the Chiefs in rushing four times, in receiving three times, and in punt returns three times. 
On December 25, 1971, in a to the Miami Dolphins (still the longest game in NFL history), he had a playoff-record 350 total yards: 85 rushing, 110 receiving, and 155 on returns. Podolak, who wore jersey number 14, was inducted into the Chiefs' Hall of Fame in 1989.
After retirement Podolak turned to broadcasting. He worked as a color commentator for NFL telecasts on NBC in 1978. In 1982, he began working as a commentator for Iowa Hawkeyes football games on WHO radio in Des Moines and a statewide network. He worked with play-by-play announcer Jim Zabel until 1996 and then with Gary Dolphin. Podolak announced his retirement from his sportscasting career in January 2009 after photos some thought were scandalous appeared on the Internet; however, as of April of that year Podolak had returned to the broadcast booth and will resume his color commentary duties for the U of I football season.

</doc>
<doc id="2848883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848883" title="Barbastro">
Barbastro

Barbastro (Latin: "Barbastrum" or "Civitas Barbastrensis", Aragonese: "Balbastro") is a city in the Somontano county, province of Huesca, Spain. The city (also known originally as Barbastra or Bergiduna) is at the junction of the rivers Cinca and Vero.
History.
An ancient Celtiberian city called " Bergidum" or "Bergiduna", in Roman times Barbastro (now called "Brutina") was included in the Hispania Citerior region, and later of Hispania Tarraconensis.
After the fall of the Western Roman Empire, it was part of the Visigoth kingdom. Barbastro and the Barbitaniya area were overtaken by Musa bin Nusair in 717, as part of the Ummayad push to conquer northern states of the Marca Hispanica and the name Madyar was given to the town.
It was later settled by the Banu Jalaf who made it the capital of the Emirate of Barbineta and Huesca until 862, and was known as the Emirate of Brabstra until 882.
In 1064, Sancho Ramírez, King of Aragón, and his Frankish Christian forces, led by William VIII of Aquitaine and Le Bon Normand, invaded the city, which at the time was part of the emir of Zaragoza. This attack, which caused over 50,000 victims, was known as the Siege of Barbastro. The following year, however, it was reconquered by the Moors. In 1101 it was conquered by Peter I of Aragon, who made it a bishopric seat. Barbastro since then followed the history of Aragon and Spain.
During the Spanish Civil War 51 Claretians were executed in Barbastro by militiamen of the Popular Front. Numerous socialist, republican and communist activists were jailed and executed in the following years by the Fascist regime of Francisco Franco.
Barbastro's economy flourished until the 20th century, when a period of decline began, ending only in the 1960s due to the growth of agricultural production.

</doc>
<doc id="2848885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848885" title="1997 in birding and ornithology">
1997 in birding and ornithology

Worldwide.
New species.
"To be completed"
Taxonomic developments.
"To be completed"
Europe.
Britain.
Migrant and wintering birds.
"To be completed"
Scandinavia.
"To be completed"
North America.
"To be completed"
Asia.
"To be completed"

</doc>
<doc id="2848895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848895" title="G7es torpedo">
G7es torpedo

The G7es (TV) "Zaunkönig" ("wren" in German) was an acoustic torpedo employed by German U-boats during World War II. It was known as the GNAT (German Navy Acoustic Torpedo) to the British.
Description.
The forerunner of the TV was the G7e/T4 Falke, codename "Falcon," which was introduced in March 1943, but only fired by three U-boats by September of that year when the G7es (which was faster, had more range, possessed a magnetic exploder and could also be equipped with a percussion pistol) became available.
The torpedo was electric and had an effective range of 5700 metres at a speed of 24 knots (44 km/h). This torpedo employed passive acoustic homing to find its target, becoming active after a straight run of 400 metres. The homing mechanism consisted of two hydrophone receivers which sensed the sound waves of ship propellers and altered the direction of the rudder via an electropneumatic device.
There were three variants:
Use.
The 400 metre limit was employed for safety reasons, even though there were at least two instances of U-boats ("U-972" in December 1943 and "U-377" in January 1944) sinking after being hit by their own torpedo. This risk was later mitigated by requiring submarines to dive to 60 meters and go completely silent after launching acoustic torpedoes.
The first 80 TVs were delivered on 1 August 1943, and the weapon was first used in September. Despite some success, in particular sinking destroyers and corvettes, the TV often detonated behind the enemy ship because the acoustic steering was very imprecise. This was particularly evident at its first large-scale use from 20 to 24 September 1943 in the attacks on convoy ON-202. The commanders reported a number of torpedo strikes and recorded the sinking of nine commercial steamers and 12 escort ships after the battle. In fact only six merchant ships and three escort vessels, a destroyer, a frigate and a corvette were sunk. A total of 640 TVs were fired in combat, sinking 45 ships. The TV was countered by the introduction by the Allies of the "Foxer" noise maker.
The TV was nicknamed "Zerstörerknacker" (destroyer cracker) by the German submariners, as it was especially used against convoy escorts.

</doc>
<doc id="2848900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848900" title="Slant (journal)">
Slant (journal)

Slant was a Catholic magazine associated with the University of Cambridge and the Dominican Order during the 1960s, and of the group associated with this magazine. It sought to combine Catholic belief with left-wing politics and was influenced by the thinking of Wittgenstein and Marx. Influential members included Terry Eagleton and Herbert McCabe. Denys Turner is a significant theologian influenced by "Slant".
The context of "Slant" has been explained by James Smith in his critical introduction to Terry Eagleton. "Slant" came into being in the mid-1960s in Cambridge, as a journal "devoted to a Catholic exploration of .. radical politics". The first issue was published in spring 1964. This issue began with an introduction by Raymond Williams and for the first six issues "Slant" was a quarterly journal. From volume 2 (February/March 1966), it evolved to a bimonthly publication, which was eventually published by Sheed and Ward, a Catholic publishing house. "Slant" ceased publication in 1970 after 30 issues.
The editorial board of "Slant" included a number of individuals who were at that time students at Cambridge, or who had recently been students in Cambridge, and who subsequently went on to academic careers: Adrian Cunningham (who went on to be Professor of Religious Studies at the University of Lancaster), Terry Eagleton, and Leo Pyle (later, Professor of Biotechnology, University of Reading). Martin Shaw (later professor of sociology and international relations at the Universities of Hull and Sussex) was its student organiser.

</doc>
<doc id="2848902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848902" title="List of Welsh rugby union clubs by division">
List of Welsh rugby union clubs by division

Rugby union in Wales is governed by the Welsh Rugby Union. The top level of Welsh rugby is represented by the regional sides, formed in 2003, who play in the RaboDirect Pro12 League (formerly the Magners League or Celtic League). Originally consisting of five teams, there are currently four regional sides in the RaboDirect Pro12, after the Celtic Warriors were wound up in 2004.
Below this is the Welsh Premier Division, then Division One and Division Two are split geographically into an East and West league. Division Three is split into four: East, South East, South West and West, while Division Four and Division Five are both split into five, East, South East, South West, West and North. A new division 6 was added for the 2007-08 season split into Central, East, and West divisions, however teams will not be promoted to Division 5 from these leagues.
This is the position for the 2010-11 season.
RaboDirect Pro12.
Map Colour Key for Rabo Direct Pro 12 Club Regions
(This colour key will be used for lower division maps below, indicating the Pro 12 club they feed into).
Welsh Premier Division.
Map Colour Key
Welsh Championship.
Map Colour Key

</doc>
<doc id="2848905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848905" title="Monetary and fiscal policy of Japan">
Monetary and fiscal policy of Japan

Monetary policy pertains to the regulation, availability, and cost of credit, while fiscal policy deals with government expenditures, taxes, and debt. Through management of these areas, the Ministry of Finance regulated the allocation of resources in the economy, affected the distribution of income and wealth among the citizenry, stabilized the level of economic activities, and promoted economic growth and welfare.
The Ministry of Finance played an important role in Japan's postwar economic growth. It advocated a "growth first" approach, with a high proportion of government spending going to capital accumulation, and minimum government spending overall, which kept both taxes and deficit spending down, making more money available for private investment. Most Japanese put money into savings accounts, mostly postal savings.
National Budget.
In the postwar period, the government's fiscal policy centers on the formulation of the national budget, which is the responsibility of the Ministry of Finance. The Ministry's Budget Bureau prepares expenditure budgets for each fiscal year based on the requests from government ministries and affiliated agencies. The Ministry's Tax Bureau is responsible for adjusting the tax schedules and estimating revenues. The Ministry also issues government bonds, controls government borrowing, and administers the Fiscal Investment and Loan Program (FILP), which is sometimes referred to as the "second budget". 
Three types of budgets are prepared for review by the National Diet each year. The general account budget includes most of the basic expenditures for current government operations. Special account budgets, of which there are about forty, are designed for special government programs or institutions where close accounting of revenues and expenditures is essential: for public enterprises, state pension funds, and public works projects financed from special taxes. Finally, there are the budgets for the major affiliated agencies, including public service corporations, loan and finance institutions, and the special public banks. Although these budgets are usually approved before the start of each fiscal year, they are usually revised with supplemental budgets in the fall. Local jurisdiction budgets depend heavily on transfers from the central government.
Government fixed investments in infrastructure and loans to public and private enterprises are about 15% of GNP. Loans from the Fiscal Investment and Loan Program, which are outside the general budget and funded primarily from postal savings, represent more than 20% of the general account budget, but their total effect on economic investment is not completely accounted for in the national income statistics. Government spending, representing about 15% of GNP in 1991, was low compared with that in other developed economies. Taxes provided 84.7% of revenues in 1993. Income taxes are graduated and progressive. The principal structural feature of the tax system is the tremendous elasticity of the individual income tax. Because inheritance and property taxes are low, there is a slowly increasing concentration of wealth in the upper tax brackets. In 1989 the government introduced a major tax reform, including a 3% consumer tax. This tax has been raised to 5% by now.
After the breakdown of the economic bubble in the early 1990s the country's monetary policy has become a major reform issue. US economists have called for a reduction in Japan's public spending, especially on infrastructure projects, to reduce the budget deficit. To force a reduction of the loan program, partially financed through postal savings, then–Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi aimed to push forward postal privatization. The postal deposits, by far the largest deposits of any bank in the world, would help strengthening the private banking sector instead.
Budget process.
The Budget Bureau of the Ministry of Finance is at the heart of the political process because it draws up the national budget each year. This responsibility makes it the ultimate focus of interest groups and of other ministries that compete for limited funds. The budgetary process generally begins soon after the start of a new fiscal year on April 1. Ministries and government agencies prepare budget requests in consultation with the Policy Research Council. 
In the fall of each year, Budget Bureau examiners reviews these requests in great detail, while top Ministry of Finance officials work out the general contours of the new budget and the distribution of tax revenues. During the winter, after the release of the ministry's draft budget, campaigning by individual Diet members for their constituents and different ministries for revisions and supplementary allocations becomes intense. The coalition leaders and Ministry of Finance officials consult on a final draft budget, which is generally passed by the Diet in late winter.
In broad outline, the process reveals a basic characteristic of Japanese political dynamics: that despite the oft-stated ideals of "harmony" and "consensus," interests, including bureaucratic interests, are in strong competition for resources. Political leaders and Budget Bureau officials need great skill to reach mutually acceptable compromises. The image of "Japan Incorporated," in which harmony and unanimity are virtually automatic, belies the reality of intense rivalry. The late-twentieth-century system is successful insofar as political skills and appreciation of common interests minimize antagonisms and maintain a balance of power among groups. It is unclear, however, whether this system will continue as Japan faces such problems as growing social inequality and an aging society.
National debt.
In 2011 Japan's public debt was about 230 percent of its annual gross domestic product, the largest percentage of any nation in the world.
In order to address the Japanese budget gap and growing national debt, in June 2012 the Japanese diet passed a bill to double the national consumption tax to 10%. The new bill increases the tax to 8% by April 2014 and 10% by October 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="2848907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848907" title="Allium scorodoprasum">
Allium scorodoprasum

The sand leek (Allium scorodoprasum), also known as rocambole, is a perennial wild onion. It should not be confused with rocambole garlic, which is "A. sativum" var. "ophioscorodon".
Description.
The sand leek is a perennial plant with an egg-shaped bulb. The plant produces two to five unstalked leaves, the bases of which are sheath-like. Each leaf blade is broad and linear, flat, with an entire margin and parallel veins. The edges of the leaf and the central vein are rough to the touch. The flowering stem is cylindrical, growing to a height of and the upper half is leafless. The whole plant has an onion-like aroma. The inflorescence is a globular cluster surrounded by membranous bracts in bud which wither when the flowers open. Each individual flower is stalked and has a purple perianth long. There are six tepals, six stamens and a pistil formed from three fused carpels. Mixed with the flowers are a number of purple bulbils. The fruit is a capsule, but the seeds seldom set, and propagation usually takes place when the bulbils are knocked off and grow into new plants.
Distribution and habitat.
The sand leek is native to most of Europe, plus western Asia and Syria.
Cultivation.
According to garlic grower Ron Engeland, "A. scorodoprasum" is edible but seldom cultivated, and has a shorter flower stalk and fewer and more inconsistently shaped cloves than Rocambole garlic. Sand leek also has a dark violet bulb wrapper.
Elephant garlic (properly "A. ampeloprasum "var." ampeloprasum") is also sometimes incorrectly sold as "A. scorodoprasum".

</doc>
<doc id="2848914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848914" title="Wallace College">
Wallace College

Wallace College is a private educational institution located on George IV Bridge, Old Town, Edinburgh, Scotland. The College was established in 1972, and primarily caters for English as a Second Language students, running academic courses throughout the year.

</doc>
<doc id="2848919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848919" title="Pavel Florensky">
Pavel Florensky

Pavel Alexandrovich Florensky (also P.A. Florenskiĭ, Florenskii, Florenskij, ) ( – December 1937) was a Russian Orthodox theologian, priest, philosopher, mathematician, physicist, electrical engineer, inventor and "Neomartyr".
Biography.
Early life.
Pavel Aleksandrovich Florensky was born on January 22, 1882, into the family of a railroad engineer, (Aleksandr Florensky) in the town of Yevlakh in Elisabethpol Governorate (in present-day western Azerbaijan). His father came from a family of Russian Orthodox priests while his mother Olga (Salomia) Saparova (Saparyan, Sapharashvili) was of the Tbilisi Armenian nobility. His maternal grandmother Sofia Paatova (Paatashvili) was from Sighnaghi, Georgia. Florensky "always searched for the roots of his Armenian family" and noted that they're coming from Karabakh.
He completed his high school studies (1893-1899) at the Tbilisi classical lyceum, where several companions later to distinguish themselves, among them the founder of Russian Cubo-Futurism, David Burliuk, also studied. In 1899 Florensky underwent a religious crisis, connected also to a visit to Leo Tolstoy caused by an awareness of the limits and relativity of the scientific positivism and rationality which had been an integral part of his initial formation, within his family and high school. He decided to construct his own solution by developing theories that would reconcile the spiritual and the scientific viions on the basis of mathematics. He entered the department of mathematics of Moscow State University and studied under Nikolai Bugaev, and became friends with his son, the future poet and theorist of Russian symbolism, Andrei Bely. He was particularly drawn to Georg Cantor's set theory.
He also took courses on ancient philosophy. During this period the young Florensky, who had no religious upbringing, began taking an interest in studies beyond "the limitations of physical knowledge..." In 1904 he graduated from Moscow State University and declined a teaching position at the University: instead, he proceeded to study theology at the Ecclesiastical Academy in Sergiyev Posad. During his theological studies there, he came into contact with Elder Isidore on a visit to Gethsemane Hermitage, and Isidore was to become his spiritual guide and father. Together with fellow students Ern, Svenitsky and Brikhnichev he founded a society, the "Christian Struggle Union" (Союз Христиaнской Борьбы), with the revolutionary aim of rebuilding Russian society according to the principles of Vladimir Solovyov. Subsequently he was arrested for membership in this society in 1906: however, he later lost his interest in the Radical Christianity movement.
Intellectual interests.
During his studies at the Ecclesiastical Academy, Florensky's interests included philosophy, religion, art and folklore. He became a prominent member of the Russian Symbolism movement, together with his friend Andrei Bely and published works in the magazines "New Way" (Новый Путь) and "Libra" (Весы). He also started his main philosophical work, "The Pillar and Ground of the Truth: an Essay in Orthodox Theodicy in Twelve Letters". The complete book was published only in 1914 but most of it was finished at the time of his graduation from the academy in 1908.
According to Princeton University Press: "The book is a series of twelve letters to a "brother" or "friend," who may be understood symbolically as Christ. Central to Florensky's work is an exploration of the various meanings of Christian love, which is viewed as a combination of philia (friendship) and agape (universal love). He describes the ancient Christian rites of the "adelphopoiesis" (brother-making), which joins male friends in chaste bonds of love. In addition, Florensky was one of the first thinkers in the twentieth century to develop the idea of the Divine Sophia, who has become one of the central concerns of feminist theologians."
After graduating from the academy, he married Anna Giatsintova, the sister of a friend, in August 1910, a move which shocked his friends who were familiar with his aversion to marriage. He continued to teach philosophy and lived at Troitse-Sergiyeva Lavra until 1919. In 1911 he was ordained into the priesthood. In 1914 he wrote his dissertation, "About Spiritual Truth". He published works on philosophy, theology, art theory, mathematics and electrodynamics. Between 1911 and 1917 he was the chief editor of the most authoritative Orthodox theological publication of that time, "Bogoslovskiy Vestnik". He was also a spiritual teacher of the controversial Russian writer Vasily Rozanov, urging him to reconcile with the Orthodox Church.
Period of Communist rule in Russia.
After the October Revolution he formulated his position as: "I have developed my own philosophical and scientific worldview, which, though it contradicts the vulgar interpretation of communism... does not prevent me from honestly working in the service of the state." After the Bolsheviks closed the Troitse-Sergiyeva Lavra (1918) and the Sergievo-Posad Church (1921), where he was the priest, he moved to Moscow to work on the State Plan for Electrification of Russia (ГОЭЛРО) under the recommendation of Leon Trotsky who strongly believed in Florensky's ability to help the government in the electrification of rural Russia. According to contemporaries, Florensky in his priest's cassock, working alongside other leaders of a Government department, was a remarkable sight.
In 1924, he published a large monograph on dielectrics. He worked simultaneously as the Scientific Secretary of the "Historical Commission on Troitse-Sergiyeva Lavra" and published his works on ancient Russian art. He was rumoured to be the main organizer of a secret endeavour to save the relics of St. Sergii Radonezhsky whose destruction had been ordered by the government.
In the second half of the 1920s, he mostly worked on physics and electrodynamics, eventually publishing his paper "Imaginary numbers in Geometry" («Мнимости в геометрии. Расширение области двухмерных образов геометрии») devoted to the geometrical interpretation of Albert Einstein's theory of relativity. Among other things, he proclaimed that the geometry of imaginary numbers predicted by the theory of relativity for a body moving faster than light is the geometry of the Kingdom of God. For mentioning the Kingdom of God in that work, he was accused of agitation by Soviet authorities.
1928-1937: Exile, imprisonment, death.
In 1928, Florensky was exiled to Nizhny Novgorod. After the intercession of Ekaterina Peshkova (wife of Maxim Gorky), Florensky was allowed to return to Moscow. On the 26 February 1933 he was arrested again, on suspicion of engaging in a conspiracy with Pavel Gidiulianov, a professor of canon law who was a complete stranger to Florenskiy, to overthrow the state and restore with Nazi assistance a fascist monarchy. He defended himself vigorously against the imputations until he realized that by showing a willingness to admit them, though false, he would enable several acquaintances to resecure their liberty. He was sentenced to ten years in the Labor Camps by the infamous Article 58 of Joseph Stalin's criminal code (clauses ten and eleven: "agitation against the Soviet system" and "publishing agitation materials against the Soviet system"). The published agitation materials were the monograph about the theory of relativity. His manner of continuing to wear priestly garb annoyed his employers. The state offered him numerous opportunities to go into exile in Paris, but he declined them.
He served at the Baikal Amur Mainline camp, until 1934 when he was moved to Solovki, where he conducted research into producing iodine and agar out of the local seaweed. In 1937 he was transferred to Saint Petersburg (then known as Leningrad) where, on 25 November, he was sentenced by an extrajudicial NKVD troika to death. According to a legend he was sentenced for the refusal to disclose the location of the head of St. Sergii Radonezhsky that the communists wanted to destroy. The Saint's head was indeed saved and in 1946, the Troitse-Sergiyeva Lavra was opened again. The relics of St. Sergii became fashionable once more. The Saint's relics were returned to Lavra by Pavel Golubtsov, later known as archbishop Sergiy.
After sentencing Florensky was transported in a special train together with another 500 prisoners to a location near St. Petersburg, where he was shot dead on the night of 8th December 1937 in a wood not far from the city. The site of his burial is unknown. Antonio Maccioni states that he was shot at the Rzhevsky Artillery Range, near Toksovo, which is located about twenty kilometers northeast of Saint Petersburg and was buried in a secret grave in Koirangakangas near Toksovo together with 30,000 others who were executed by the NKVD at the same time. In1997, a mass burial ditch was excavated in the Sandormoch forest, which may well contain his remains. His name was registered in 1982 among the list of New Martyrs and Confessors.

</doc>
<doc id="2848920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848920" title="Arabella">
Arabella

Arabella, Op. 79, is a lyric comedy or opera in three acts by Richard Strauss to a German libretto by Hugo von Hofmannsthal, their sixth and last operatic collaboration. It was first performed on 1 July 1933, at the Dresden Sächsisches Staatstheater.
Performance history.
The opera received its premiere in the UK on 17 May 1934 at London's Royal Opera House. Two decades later, on 10 February 1955, it was performed at the Metropolitan Opera in New York with Eleanor Steber in the title role. The Met has given 58 performances of the work since that date. In 2008, the production by Opera Australia won the Helpmann Award for Best Opera. Productions since 2012 have included performances in Vienna, Tokyo, Paris, Salzburg, Nuremburg, Hamburg, Budapest, Amsterdam, The Santa Fe Opera and Minneapolis.
Synopsis.
Act 1.
"In a hotel in Vienna"
Countess Adelaide has her fortune told. The fortune teller predicts Arabella will marry a man from far away, but that trouble may be in store. The Waldners have a second daughter, Zdenka, but since they cannot afford two daughters marrying, they have indulged her tomboyishness by pretending she is a boy, whom they present as "Zdenko." Zdenka secretly loves Matteo, a penniless officer who loves Arabella. To prevent him from committing suicide, Zdenka writes him love letters she signs with Arabella's name. Zdenka reproaches Arabella for her unsympathetic treatment of Matteo, but Arabella says that she is hoping for the "Right Man," to whom she can give her heart completely. Meanwhile, Arabella is wooed by three suitors, Elemer, Dominik and Lamoral, and acknowledges that she may have to accept one of them, but has fallen in love at first sight with a stranger she passed in the street. 
Count Waldner, in dire straits, has written to all his friends for financial help, to no avail. He was hopeful for an answer from an old and immensely wealthy Croatian friend of his, Mandryka, even sending him a portrait of Arabella in hopes of a marriage. A visitor announced as Mandryka arrives and Waldner is surprised to see that it is not his friend. The man explains he is Mandryka's nephew, also named Mandryka. His uncle is dead, and as his only heir, he has acquired his fortune; he also received the letter and portrait. From seeing the portrait, he has fallen in love with Arabella. He offers to marry her and gives Waldner money. 
A carnival ball is to be held that night. Matteo asks "Zdenko," his supposedly male friend, when he will receive another letter from Arabella; "Zdenko" answers that he will have one that very evening at the ball. Arabella continues to muse about the strange man she noticed, but when Count Elemer arrives to be her escort for the evening, she tries to banish these thoughts and look forward to the excitement of the Fasching.
Act 2.
"In a ballroom Coachman's Ball."
Arabella meets Mandryka, who turns out to be her fascinating stranger. Mandryka tells her about his life and his country's customs, in which young women offer their fiancés a glass of water as a token of agreeing to be married. Mandryka tells Arabella that she will be mistress of all the things he owns, and that she will be the only thing ranked above him besides the Emperor himself; Arabella happily agrees to marry him, saying, "I give myself to you, for eternity." Then Mandryka agrees to Arabella's request that she be allowed to stay for another hour to say farewell to her girlhood, during which she thanks her suitors for their interest in her and bids them goodbye. 
Meanwhile, Zdenka gives Matteo a letter with the key to the room next to Arabella's, saying that it is Arabella's room and promising that Arabella will meet him there that night. Mandryka overhears this conversation and, mad with jealousy and disappointment (after first trying to evade these feelings), raises a commotion, flirting with the Fiakermilli, the ball's mascot. Since Arabella is nowhere to be found, the Waldners insist that he meet Arabella to talk things out, and they head for the hotel.
Act 3.
"A lobby in the hotel"
A passionate orchestral prelude depicts the lovemaking of Matteo and Zdenka.
Arabella enters the lobby and comes across Matteo. As Matteo is in love with Arabella and thinks it is she with whom he has just made love in a darkened room, their conversation is at once confused and emotional. The Count, the Countess, and Mandryka arrive and further the misunderstanding. After Mandryka accuses Arabella of infidelity and plans to go back to his land, Zdenka rushes in, no longer in disguise and in her negligee (making it clear that it was she who had the encounter with Matteo). She declares her intention to drown herself in disgrace. The situation is finally cleared up. Matteo learns that the letters were forged by Zdenka and that it was she and not Arabella in the room. He suddenly realizes he is in love with Zdenka, whom he agrees to marry. Mandryka begs forgiveness, and Arabella tells him they will think no more of the night's events. Arabella asks his servant to bring her a glass of water, and Mandryka thinks she has requested it for her refreshment. Arabella goes upstairs and Mandryka, ruminating on his indecorous behavior and blaming himself, stays downstairs. Arabella comes down the stairs and, seeing that he has stayed and having forgiven him, offers him the glass of water, signifying reconciliation and marriage. They happily kiss and Arabella goes up the stairs to her room.
References.
Notes
Sources
Other sources

</doc>
<doc id="2848921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848921" title="UEFA European Under-21 Championship">
UEFA European Under-21 Championship

The UEFA European Under-21 Championship (also known as the UEFA Euro U-21s) is a football competition organised by the sport's European governing body, UEFA. It is held every two years. The competition has existed in its current form since 1978. It was preceded by the Under 23 Challenge Cup which ran from 1967 to 1970. A true Under 23 championship was then formed, starting in 1972.
The age limit was reduced to 21 for the 1978 championship and it has remained so since. To be eligible for the campaign ending in 2011, players need to be born in or after 1988. Many can be actually 23 years old by the time the finals tournament takes place; however, when the qualification process began (late 2009) all players would have been 21 or under.
Under-21 matches are typically played on the day before senior internationals and where possible, the same qualifying groups and fixtures were played out. This was not true for the shortened 2006-2007 Championship.
This tournament has been considered a stepping stone toward the senior team. Players such as Mesut Özil, Klaas-Jan Huntelaar, Luís Figo, Petr Čech, 2010 World Cup winner Iker Casillas, 2006 World Cup winners Francesco Totti, Fabio Cannavaro, Gianluigi Buffon, Alberto Gilardino and Andrea Pirlo, and Euro 2004 winner Georgios Karagounis began their international careers in the youth teams.
Spain are the reigning champions, defeating Italy in the 2013 final, 4–2. The finals of the 2013 competition were hosted by Israel.
Competition structure.
Up to and including the 1992 competition, all entrants were divided into eight qualification groups, the eight winners of which formed the quarter-finals lineup. The remaining fixtures were played out on a two-legged, home and away basis to determine the eventual winner.
For the 1994 competition, one of the semi-finalists, France, was chosen as a host for the (single-legged) semi-finals, 3rd place playoff and final. Similarly, Spain was chosen to host the last four matches in 1996.
For 1998, nine qualification groups were used, as participation had reached 46, nearly double the 24 entrants in 1976. The top seven group winners qualified automatically for the finals, whilst the eighth- and ninth-best qualifiers, and , played-off for the final spot. The remaining matches, from the quarter-finals onward, were held in Romania, one of the eight qualifiers.
The 2000 competition also had nine groups, but the nine winners and seven runners-up went into a two-legged playoff to decide the eight qualifiers. From those, Slovakia was chosen as host. For the first time, the familiar finals group stage was employed, with the two winners contesting a final, and two runners-up contesting the 3rd-place playoff. The structure in 2002 was identical, except for the introduction of a semi-finals round after the finals group stage. Switzerland hosted the 2002 finals.
In 2004, ten qualification groups were used, with the group winners and six best runners-up going into the playoff. Germany was host that year. For 2006, the top two teams of eight large qualification groups provided the 16 teams for the playoffs, held in November 2005. Portugal hosted the finals.
Then followed the switch to odd years. The change was made because the senior teams of many nations often chose to promote players from their under-21s team as their own qualification campaign intensified. Staggering the tournaments allowed players more time to develop in the under-21 team rather than get promoted too early and end up becoming reserves for the seniors.
The 2007 competition actually began before the 2006 finals, with a qualification round to eliminate eight of the lowest-ranked nations. For the first time, the host (Netherlands) was chosen ahead of the qualification section. As hosts, qualified automatically. Coincidentally, the Dutch team had won the 2006 competition - the holders would normally have gone through the qualification stage. The other nations were all drawn into fourteen three-team groups. The 14 group winners were paired in double-leg play-off to decide the seven qualifiers alongside the hosts.
The tournament will revert to even years in 2016.
The 2015 finals will be the last eight-team finals as it will be expanded to twelve teams starting from 2017.
Predecessor tournaments.
Under-23 Challenge Cup winners.
This was competed for on a basis similar to a boxing title belt. The holders played a randomly chosen opponent for the championship. This format was soon dropped in favour of one more familiar to the sport of football.
Under-23 champions.
Held only three times before it was relabelled by UEFA.

</doc>
<doc id="2848926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848926" title="Micrococcal nuclease">
Micrococcal nuclease

Micrococcal Nuclease (, "S7 Nuclease", "MNase", "spleen endonuclease", "thermonuclease", "nuclease T", "micrococcal endonuclease", "nuclease T"', "staphylococcal nuclease", "spleen phosphodiesterase", "Staphylococcus aureus nuclease", "Staphylococcus aureus nuclease B", "ribonucleate (deoxynucleate) 3'-nucleotidohydrolase") is an endo-exonuclease that preferentially digests single-stranded nucleic acids.The rate of cleavage is 30 times greater at the 5' side of A or T than at G or C and results in the production of mononucleotides and oligonucleotides with terminal 3'-phosphates. The enzyme is also active against double-stranded DNA and RNA and all sequences will be ultimately cleaved. 
Characteristics.
The enzyme has a molecular weight of 16.9kDa.
The pH optimum is reported as 9.2. The enzyme activity is strictly dependent on Ca2+ and the pH optimum varies according to Ca2+ concentration. The enzyme is therefore easily inactivated by EGTA.
Source.
This enzyme is the extracellular nuclease of Staphylococcus aureus. Two strains, V8 and Foggi, yield almost identical enzymes. A common source is "E.coli" cells carrying a cloned nuc gene encoding Staphylococcus aureus extracellular nuclease (micrococcal nuclease).
Structure.
The 3-dimensional structure of micrococcal nuclease (then called Staphyloccal nuclease) was solved very early in the history of protein crystallography, in 1969, deposited as now-obsolete Protein Data Bank file 1SNS. Higher-resolution, more recent crystal structures are available for the apo form as Protein Data Bank file 1SNO: and for the thymidine-diphosphate-inhibited form as Protein Data Bank file 3H6M: [http://www.rcsb.org/pdb/explore/explore.do?structureId=3H6M or 1SNC: [http://www.rcsb.org/pdb/explore/explore.do?structureId=1SNC]. As seen in the ribbon diagram above, the nuclease molecule has 3 long alpha helices and a 5-stranded, barrel-shaped beta sheet, in an arrangement known as the OB-fold (for oligonucleotide-binding fold) as classified in the SCOP database.

</doc>
<doc id="2848927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848927" title="Jack Rudnay">
Jack Rudnay

John Carl "Jack" Rudnay (born November 20, 1947 in Cleveland, Ohio) is a former professional American football center in the National Football League. He played his entire 13 year career with the Kansas City Chiefs
A fourth-round draft choice in 1969 for the American Football League's Kansas City Chiefs, Rudnay missed the Chiefs' championship season as a result of a back injury suffered in the College All-Star Game following his senior year at Northwestern University, where he had played both center and defensive tackle. While at Northwestern, Rudnay became a member of the Sigma Chi fraternity. 
Though drafted to an AFL team, he never played in an American Football League game, his first season being 1970, after the Chiefs joined the NFL. He went on to play 144 straight games and 178 games in all with the Chiefs, the third most ever by a Kansas City offensive lineman, and was regarded as one of the finest centers in the National Football League during the 1970s. He was the American Football Conference's starting center in the Pro Bowl following the 1973-1976 seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="2848929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848929" title="Bowness High School">
Bowness High School

Bowness High School is a public school in Calgary, Alberta, Canada, which teaches grades 10 through 12. It is operated by the Calgary Board of Education. 
The school was founded in 1924 as a junior and senior high school to serve the town of Bowness . In 1964 the town was annexed by Calgary. No longer having a junior high component, the school now serves several Calgary communities in addition to Bowness. 
Some of the programs of the school include the CTS department and RAP. Bowness has an award winning band program. As well the school has a special partnership with Imperial Oil, which helps in certain areas, such as science and math.
The school's Trojan's football team made national headlines in 2004 when a player named Tyler Zeer, died during practice.
At the time, it was only the third such fatality in the 92 year history of the Calgary Senior High School Athletic Association.
The 1986 BMX movie Rad was filmed here. There is no mention of Bowness in the film.

</doc>
<doc id="2848933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848933" title="John the Fisherman">
John the Fisherman

"John the Fisherman" is the first single by the alternative rock band Primus, released first live in 1989 on "Suck on This", then re-released a year later, this time studio recorded, on "Frizzle Fry".
Although the band did release the song as a single and filmed a video for it (featuring the band members performing the song on a boat, with a cameo appearance by Kirk Hammett of Metallica, who has been a close friend of Claypool since they attended the same school), the single had very limited success due to its being released on an indie label, and the band did not receive mainstream attention until their next single, "Jerry Was a Race Car Driver", from their 1991 major label debut "Sailing the Seas of Cheese". Because of this, many overlook "John the Fisherman" and claim "Jerry Was a Race Car Driver" was Primus' first single. When "Frizzle Fry" was re-released in 2002, many fans who caught on during the major label days of the band bought the album, and it became a fan favorite. There was a new interest in this song, and it received some radio and MTV airplay.
"John The Fisherman" is the first part of a four-part story called the "Fisherman's Chronicles", which continued on Primus' later albums. Its immediate sequel was "Fish On (Fisherman Chronicles, Chapter II)" on 1991's "Sailing the Seas of Cheese", followed by "The Ol' Diamondback Sturgeon (Fisherman's Chronicles, Pt. 3)" on 1993's "Pork Soda" and most recently "Last Salmon Man (Fisherman's Chronicles, Part IV)" on 2011's "Green Naugahyde".
The live version of John The Fisherman that appears on "Suck on This" contains an intro consisting of the Rush song YYZ.

</doc>
<doc id="2848935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848935" title="T11 torpedo">
T11 torpedo

The G7es (TXI) "Zaunkönig II" was a torpedo developed for German U-boats during World War II. The torpedo was electric and had an effective range of 5,700 metres at a speed of 24 knots (44 km/h). This torpedo employed acoustic, passive homing to find its target after a straight run of 400 metres. This evolution of the G7es torpedo was created to counter the Allies' "Foxer" noise-maker countermeasure. This weapon was never actually employed in wartime as Germany had surrendered by the time testing was fully completed.
The only known employment of G7es (TXI) was on the final mission for U-534 which was sunk in 1945. Of the 16 torpedoes salvaged from the wreck in 1993, five were TXI's. Four of those were picked for parts and blown up, while the remaining torpedo was restored and is currently on display alongside the uboat in UK.

</doc>
<doc id="2848946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848946" title="MLPA">
MLPA

MLPA can stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="2848955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848955" title="IK Brage">
IK Brage

Idrottsklubben Brage, also known simply as IK Brage, is a Swedish football club located in Borlänge. The club is affiliated with Dalarnas Fotbollförbund and play their home games at Domnarvsvallen. The club colours, reflected in their crest and kit, are green and white. The club can be seen as a continuation of IK Blixt which was founded in the early 1920s but merged into Domnarvets GoIF in 1923. Two years later the merger was split and IK Blixt changed their name to IK Brage. The club has played a total of 18 seasons in Allsvenskan, which is the highest level of the Swedish football league system. They currently play in the second highest level Superettan where the season lasts from April to November. IK Brage also recently spent time in lower divisions (Division 1 and Division 2 between 2005 and 2009) but has mainly played in the two highest swedish divisions since its foundation.
History.
Creation and early rise.
In the early 1920s the two Borlänge clubs IK Blixt and Domnarvets GIF merged to form a new club by the name of Domnarvets GoIF. The motive for the merger was to combine their efforts in building the new stadium that would become Domnarvsvallen. The merger did not go smoothly however as the IK Blixt members felt that there needed to be more focus on the football part of the multisport club. This caused them to want to bring back the original IK Blixt but the newly formed Domnarvets GoIF would not allow this since they technically owned the name as IK Blixt was half of the new club. So in 1925 the old IK Blixt members started up a new football club instead and decided in a meeting that the new name would be IK Brage, named after the Norse god Bragi.
After its creation, the club quickly advanced through the divisions until it reached the second highest level after the 1929–1930 season. The club would then go on to have a very successful 1930s which included playing at the highest level for the first time ever in the 1937–38 Allsvenskan. This first golden age culminated in the fourth-place finish two years later but was quickly followed by a relegation followed by a long period of time spent in the second tier.
1970s misery and 1980s success.
During the mid-1970s the club had fallen down into the third tier for the first time in nearly 30 years. After spending four straight seasons at such a low level the club brought in Rolf Zetterlund from AIK as their new player manager. During his reign the club advanced quickly through the divisions and made their return to the highest level in the 1980 Allsvenskan were they finished in fourth place, again matching their best ever finish. That same year the club also came close to winning their first major title as they finished runners-up in Svenska Cupen. The success would continue throughout the 1980s as Brage established themselves as an Allsvenskan club. During this period, which is the most successful in club history, Brage finished in the top five three times. This qualified them to compete in the UEFA Cup on several occasions where they played against clubs like Werder Bremen and Inter Milan.
Recent years.
Brage was relegated to the second tier in 1990 and then again in their latest Allsvenskan season in 1993 after having spent the entire year in last place from the first to the last round of the league. After that they have not been able to come back to Allsvenskan. Things got even worse at the start of the new millennium when the club was relegated first into the third tier but then also into the fourth, a level which the club hadn't played at since its creation in the 1920s. However, they have since bounced back and reestablished themselves in the second tier of swedish football which is now called Superettan.
Players.
Notable players.
The following players have received the player of the year award that supporter group "Serik Fans" started giving out in 1996, or are listed as either "club legends" or foreign players with over 50 games at the club on the official Brage website.

</doc>
<doc id="2848956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848956" title="Coelebs in Search of a Wife">
Coelebs in Search of a Wife

Coelebs in Search of a Wife (1809) is a novel by the British Christian moralist Hannah More. It was followed by "Coelebs Married" in 1814.
It is sometimes known by the title "Coelebs in Search of a Wife: Commprehending Observations on Domestic Habits and Manners, Religion and Morals".
Maria Edgeworth, in an 1810 letter to Mrs. Ruxton, claims that the bachelor was modeled on a Mr. Harford of Blaise Castle.

</doc>
<doc id="2848961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848961" title="Adrian Zackheim">
Adrian Zackheim

Adrian Zackheim is an American business book editor. Currently he is at Portfolio, and heads Sentinel HC a division of Penguin Books.
At Portfolio, Zackheim has edited such titles as ""; "Trading Up: The New American Luxury"; and "First In, Last Out: Leadership Lessons from the New York Fire Department".
Zackheim is also publisher of Sentinel, a conservative imprint within Penguin. There, he published "The Truth About Hillary", a controversial biography about Senator and former First Lady Hillary Clinton.
Other Noted Works.
Previously, Zackheim was with Harper Collins, William Morrow, Doubleday, and St. Martin's Press. He has edited many best sellers including "Good to Great" by James C. Collins," Die Broke" by Stephen Pollan and Mark Levine, "The Dilbert Principle" by Scott Adams, "The HP Way" by David Packard, "The Pumpkin Plan" by Mike Michalowicz, "Head to Head" by Lester Thurow, and" Swim with the Sharks without being Eaten Alive" by Harvey Mackay.

</doc>
<doc id="2848963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848963" title="1868 Democratic National Convention">
1868 Democratic National Convention

The 1868 Democratic National Convention was held at Tammany Hall in New York City. The convention was notable for the return of Democratic Party politicians from the southern states.
The Convention.
In 1868, the States of Arkansas, Alabama, Florida, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, and Louisiana were readmitted to the Union. Nebraska had been admitted to the Union on March 1, 1867. Texas, Mississippi and Virginia had not yet been readmitted to the Union.
Presidential Candidates.
Declined.
The Democratic National Convention was held in New York City between July 4, and July 9, 1868. The front-runner in the early balloting was George H. Pendleton, who led on the first 15 ballots, followed in varying order by incumbent president Andrew Johnson, Winfield Scott Hancock, Sanford Church, Asa Packer, Joel Parker, James E. English, James Rood Doolittle, and Thomas A. Hendricks. The unpopular Johnson, having narrowly survived impeachment, won 65 votes on the first ballot, less than one-third of the total necessary for nomination, and thus lost his bid for election as president in his own right.
Meanwhile, the convention chairman Horatio Seymour, former governor of New York, received 9 votes on the fourth ballot from the state of North Carolina. This unexpected move caused "loud and enthusiastic cheering," but Seymour refused, saying, 
"I must not be nominated by this Convention, as I could not accept the nomination if tendered. My own inclination prompted me to decline at the outset; my honor compels me to do so now. It is impossible, consistently with my position, to allow my name to be mentioned in this Convention against my protest. The clerk will proceed with the call."
After numerous indecisive ballots, the names of John T. Hoffman, Francis P. Blair, and Stephen Johnson Field were placed in nomination. None of these candidates, however, gained substantial support.
For twenty-one ballots, the opposing candidates battled it out: the East battling the West for control, the conservatives battling the radicals. The two leading candidates were determined that the other should not receive the nomination; because of the two-thirds rule of the convention, a compromise candidate was needed. Seymour still hoped it would be Chief Justice Salmon P. Chase, but on the twenty-second ballot, the chairman of the Ohio delegation announced, "at the unanimous request and demand of the delegation I place Horatio Seymour in nomination with twenty-one votes-against his inclination, but no longer against his honor."
Seymour had to wait for the rousing cheers to die down before he could address the delegates and decline. 
"I have no terms in which to tell of my regret that my name has been brought before this convention. God knows that my life and all that I value most in life I would give for the good of my country, which I believe to be identified with that of the Democratic party..."
"Take the nomination, then!" cried someone from the floor.
"..but when I said that I could not be a candidate, I mean it! I could not receive the nomination without placing not only myself but the Democratic party in a false position. God bless you for your kindness to me, but your candidate I cannot be."
Seymour left to platform to cool off and rest. No sooner had he left the hall than the Ohio chairman cried that his delegation would not accept Seymour's declination; Utah's chairman rose to say that Seymour was the man they had to have. While Seymour was waiting in the vestibule, the convention nominated him unanimously.
Vice Presidential Candidate.
Declined.
Exhausted, the delegates unanimously nominated General Francis Preston Blair, Jr. for vice-president on the first ballot after John A. McClernand, Augustus C. Dodge, and Thomas Ewing, Jr. withdrew their names from consideration. Blair's nomination reflected a desire to balance the ticket east and west as well as north and south.
Blair had worked hard to acquire the Democratic nomination and accepted second place on the ticket, finding himself in controversy. Blair had gained attention by an inflammatory letter addressed to Colonel James O. Broadhead, dated a few days before the convention met. In his letter, Blair wrote that the "real and only issue in this contest was the overthrow of Reconstruction, as the radical Republicans had forced it in the South." 

</doc>
<doc id="2848967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848967" title="20th Battalion (Central Ontario), CEF">
20th Battalion (Central Ontario), CEF

Altogether, 4,310 officers and men served in the 20th Battalion during the war. Of them, 843 were killed in action or died of wounds (19.6%) – often having been wounded earlier. Another 1,855 (43%) were wounded, often repeatedly. 91 died of disease or accidentally. Ottawa stopped counting the deaths to old injuries, mental trauma and exposure to gas as war deaths in 1922 while the nominal roll of the 20th (privately held after the battalion disbanded) attributed these to the war until 1928. Only 22 Rangers were ever taken prisoner – nine of them in one incident when a stretcher party went astray at Passchendaele. There was also one deserter who crossed to the German lines in 1916, his name and fate is not recorded.
Altogether 398 decorations and awards joined the thousands of wound stripes on the tunic of the Rangers of the 20th Battalion. Besides the two VCs, 10 officers earned the Distinguished Service Order (one did so twice). 45 officers received the Military Cross, four got a second award of the MC. For the men, there were the Distinguished Conduct Medal and the Military Medal. 24 men received the DCM and 231 men got the Military Medal (the equivalent to the MC) and 14 received a second award of it. Other awards recognizing good service trickled in, but the VC, DSO (for regimental officers), the MC, the DCM and the MM recognize unusual courage and achievement in battle.
Sgt Frederick Hobson of the 20th Battalion was posthumously awarded the Victoria Cross for his actions on 18 August 1917, near Lens, France at the Battle of Hill 70.
Lt Wallace Lloyd Algie of the 20th Battalion was posthumously awarded the Victoria Cross for his actions on 11 October 1918, around Iwuy, near Cambrai, France.
The 20th Battalion (Central Ontario), CEF, is perpetuated by The Queen's York Rangers (1st American Regiment) (RCAC).

</doc>
<doc id="2848976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848976" title="Curtis McClinton">
Curtis McClinton

Curtis McClinton (born June 25, 1939 in Muskogee, Oklahoma) is a former collegiate and professional American football player.
McClinton attended Wichita High School North in Wichita, Kansas before attending the University of Kansas. A three-time All-Big Eight selection as a Jayhawk, McClinton led the team in rushing in 1959 and rushed for 1,377 yards during his college career. Though he was selected by the Los Angeles Rams in the 10th round of the 1960 NFL draft, McClinton returned to Kansas for his senior season, helping them to a record of 7-3-1 and a berth in the 1961 Bluebonnet Bowl. Kansas won the game over Rice University by a score of 33-7, with McClinton scoring KU's third touchdown of the game. He was selected to the Sporting News and Pro Scouts All-American teams in 1961 and signed with the Dallas Texans after the season ended, having been drafted by them in the 14th round of the 1961 American Football League draft. In 1969, McClinton was selected to KU's All-Time Team in football. In 2001, he was inducted into the Kansas Sports Hall of Fame, and in 2004 he was inducted into KU's Ring of Honor, with his name now permanently displayed at KU's Memorial Stadium.
While at Kansas, McClinton was also a member of Kappa Alpha Psi fraternity, and a standout on the track team, winning the Big Eight championship in hurdles all three years he competed. He graduated from KU in 1962, and later received a master's degree from Central Michigan University and a doctorate from Miles College.
McClinton went on to become one of the early stars of the American Football League, with the Dallas Texans, and with their successors, the Kansas City Chiefs, and is the sixth-leading rusher in franchise history. He had 762 rushing attempts for 3,124 yards and 18 touchdowns. He also caught 154 passes for 1,945 yards and 14 touchdowns. He played in three AFL All-Star games, following the 1962, 1966 and 1967 seasons. He was named the Outstanding player of the 1962 affair. 
He was a member all three of the franchise's AFL title clubs and both Kansas City Chiefs Super Bowl teams, including the winners of the fourth and final AFL-NFL World Championship Game in January, 1970. McClinton was named American Football League Rookie of the Year in 1962, when he rushed for 604 yards and caught 29 passes for 333 yards. He was the first AFL Player to score a touchdown in a Super Bowl, catching a 7-yard pass in the second quarter of Super Bowl I. He was a backup tight end on the Super Bowl IV championship squad. He wore number 32 for the Chiefs, and is a member of the Chiefs' Hall of Fame. He was inducted into the Missouri Sports Hall of Fame in 2007.
After his football career, McClinton became a registered banker and graduated from Harvard University's Kennedy School of Government. He served as Deputy Mayor for Economic Development in Washington, D.C., and now owns McClinton Development Company, a Kansas City-based construction contractor. He lives in Kansas City, Missouri with his wife Devonne. He has two daughters and four grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="2848980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848980" title="Nurse practitioner">
Nurse practitioner

A nurse practitioner (NP) is an advanced practice registered nurse (APRN) who has completed advanced coursework and clinical education beyond that required of the generalist registered nurse (RN) role. According to the International Council of Nurses, an NP/advanced practice registered nurse is "a registered nurse who has acquired the knowledge base, decision-making skills, and clinical competencies for expanded practice beyond that of an RN, the characteristics of which would be determined by the context in which he or she is credentialed to practice."
Overview.
Nurse practitioners manage acute and chronic medical conditions (both physical and mental) through comprehensive history taking, physical exam, and the ordering of diagnostic tests and medical treatments. NPs (within their scope of practice) are qualified to diagnose medical problems, order treatments, prescribe medications, and make referrals for a wide range of acute and chronic medical conditions.
Depending on the state in which they practice, NPs may or may not be required to practice under the supervision of a physician. In consideration of the shortage of primary care/internal medicine physicians, many states are eliminating "collaborative practice" agreements and NPs are able to function (within their scope of practice) independently. NPs—particularly in the area of primary care/internal medicine—fulfill a vital need for patient healthcare services, and NPs work with physicians and other healthcare providers (e.g., medical/surgical specialists, pharmacy, physical therapy, social workers, occupational therapy, etc.) to achieve the best outcomes for patients.
NPs may serve as a patient's primary healthcare provider and they may see patients of all ages depending on their specialty (e.g., family, adult, pediatrics, geriatrics, etc.). NPs may also specialize (with commensurate education and experience) in specific areas (e.g., cardiology, dermatology, oncology, pain management, surgical, orthopedics, women's health, etc.). Similar to all healthcare professions, the core philosophy of the nurse practitioner role is individualized care that focuses on a patient's medical issues as well as the effects of illness on the life of a patient and his or her family. NPs focus on prevention, wellness, and patient education.
In addition to providing healthcare services, NPs may conduct research, teach, and are often active in patient advocacy activities and in the development of healthcare policy at the local, state, and national level.
History.
The advanced practice nursing role began to take shape in the mid-20th century United States. Nurse anesthetists and nurse midwives were established in the 1940s, followed by psychiatric nursing in 1954. The present day concept of the APRN as a primary care provider was created in the mid-1960s, spurred on by a shortage of medical doctors. The first official training for nurse practitioners was created by Henry Silver, a physician, and Loretta Ford, a nurse, in 1965, with a vision to help balance rising healthcare costs, increase the number of healthcare providers, and correct the inefficient distribution of health resources.
Scope of practice.
United States.
In the United States, because the profession is state-regulated, care provided by NPs varies and is limited to their education and credentials. Some nurse practitioners seek to work independently of physicians while, in other states, a collaborative agreement with a physician is required for practice. The extent of this collaborative agreement, and the role, duties, responsibilities, nursing treatments, pharmacologic recommendations, etc. again varies widely amongst states of licensure/certification. practice.
The "Pearson Report" provides a current state-by-state breakdown of the specific duties a nurse practitioner may perform in the state. A nurse practitioner's role may include the following:
Education, licensing, and board certification.
United States.
To become licensed to practice, nurse practitioners must graduate from an accredited program. The curriculum for an NP program includes courses in epidemiology; health promotion; pathophysiology; physical assessment; pharmacology; differential diagnosis and laboratory/radiography diagnostics; statistics and research methods; health policy; role development and leadership; acute and chronic disease management (e.g., adults, children, women's health, geriatrics, etc.); and clinical rotations, which varies depending on the program. The path to becoming a nurse practitioner in the United States first begins with obtaining a Bachelor of Science in Nursing (BSN) and licensure as a registered nurse (RN). Most NPs practiced in the generalist RN role for several years before transitioning into the nurse practitioner role. Becoming a NP then requires entrance into a graduate (MSN) program, which is currently the entry level degree required. NPs who graduated from a MSN program may choose to pursue the DNP in post-graduate study (i.e., BSN-MSN-DNP), which includes advanced coursework in biostatistics; research methods; quality improvement and outcome measures; care of special populations; evidence based practice; informatics; organizational management; and a project/dissertation and practicum. Some APRNs (e.g., nurse practitioners) may choose to pursue the Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) as a terminal degree. The PhD in nursing focuses more on nursing research and nursing education, while the DNP focuses more on clinical practice.
There is currently an initiative to require the Doctor of Nursing Practice (DNP) as the entry level degree for all APRN roles (nurse practitioner, nurse anesthetist, nurse midwife). Those who have a MSN but are currently practicing in an APRN role would be grandfathered into this change. New entries into the role would be required to go from the BSN directly to the DNP. Many universities have already started to phase out MSN programs in lieu of this expected change and have developed BSN--DNP programs. Nurse Practitioners may also elect to complete a post-graduate residency/fellowship. The majority of such programs focus on primary care; however, specialized programs (e.g., emergency medicine, cardiology, surgery, etc.) also exist.
After completing the required education, the nurse practitioner must pass a national board certifying exam in a specific population focus (family practice, women's health, pediatrics, adult-gerontology, neonatal, or psychiatric-mental health), which coincides with the type of program from which they graduated. After achieving board certification, the NP must apply for additional credentials (e.g., APRN license, prescriptive authority, DEA registration number, etc.) at the state and federal level. Nurse practitioners must achieve a certain amount of continuing medical education (CME) credits and clinical practice hours in order to maintain certification and licensure. NPs are licensed through state boards of nursing.
Australia.
In Australia, nurse practitioners are required to be registered by the Australian Health Practitioner Regulation Agency. The Australian professional organisation is the Australian College of Nurse Practitioners. (ACNP) 
Israel and International.
As of November, 2013, nurse practitioners were recognized legally in Israel. The law passed on November 21, 2013. Although in the infancy stages, the Israeli Ministry of Health has already graduated two NP classes - in palliative care and geriatrics. The law was passed in response to a growing physician shortage in specific health care fields, similar to trends occurring world wide. There are Nurse Practitioners in over fifty countries world wide. Although credentials vary by country, most nurse practitioners hold at least a Master's degree world wide.
Increasing need for NPs in the US.
Employment of registered nurses and nurse practitioners is expected to increase immensely in the next ten years. Much of the growth came from a result of increase in technology, resulting in better health care and a greater variety of solutions for health problems. Also, life expectancy is getting longer; therefore more patients are living longer and living more active lives. It is further anticipated that the need for NPs will increase because of the passage of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA).
Growth is also expected to be much faster in outpatient centers, where the patients do not stay overnight. Moreover, the increasing number of procedures that were once only able to happen in hospitals is now able to happen in physicians' offices. This is mainly because of the expansion and easy access to new and better technology, though the need for NPs is expected to be greatest in places where people have long-term illnesses such as dementia or head trauma patients that are in need extensive rehabilitation.
"Nurse practitioners really are becoming a growing presence, particularly in primary care," said David I. Auerbach, PhD, the author and a health economist at RAND Corp. In addition, this site says that nurse practitioners are expected to double by 2025. Auerbach also told "American Medical News", ”There’s a lot of experimentation going on looking at different ways of working together, and there’s a lot of interest in collaborative team-based models. The new care models, such as the patient-centered medical home and accountable care organizations, really depend on nurse practitioners and physician assistants.”
As a result of the PPACA, hospitals and medical care facilities are forced to rethink the demand for nurses and medical professionals. This is mainly because this new Act allows millions of people the opportunity at medical attention that did not have it before, and because there are so many new people in need of medical attention, the need for medical professionals also grows. With the combination of this new Act, and the aging Baby Boomer population, there is expected to be a large increase in the need for medical staff, especially nurse practitioners. According to a study published in American Medical News, Nurse Practitioners jobs are expected to grow up to 130 percent from 86,000 in 2008 to 198,000 in 2025. Though there is some skepticism to these vast figures, they are backed up by many studies and the opinions of very well known medical professionals.
As a result of this extreme need for NPs, they are also expected to receive more autonomy, meaning that nurse practitioners would be able to fill the traditional primary care role like a physician would. For an example, a nurse practitioner would be able to prescribe medication without the oversight of a doctor. Many states are passing laws that allow for independence practice of nurse practitioners. “Currently there are 12 states with active legislation looking at utilizing nurse practitioners at the top of their education to meet patient care needs,” says Tay Kopanos with the American Association of Nurse Practitioners. Many nurses and other leaders in healthcare are advocating for overturning laws that require physicians to look over the work of NPs.

</doc>
<doc id="2848984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848984" title="Ocotea bullata">
Ocotea bullata

Ocotea bullata, (Stinkwood or Black Stinkwood, , , ) is a species of flowering tree native to South Africa. It produces very fine and valuable timber which was formerly much sought after to make furniture. Due to over-exploitation it is now a protected species. Other names for it are Cape Walnut, Cape laurel, and laurel wood. The name "stinkwood" comes from a strong smell that is released when it is fresh felled.
Description.
It is a large, evergreen tree, that grows up to 30 m tall. The leaves are dark green and glossy, with bubbles ("bullae") produced on the upper surface of the leaves, hence the specific name "bullata".<br>
The flowers are often dioecious.
Distribution.
This tree is indigenous to the high forests of South Africa, from Table Mountain in the south, to the afro-montane forests of Limpopo in the north.<br>
It has been effectively exterminated on the slopes of Table Mountain where it has been felled for timber and replaced by invasive Pine plantations. It is also frequently and fatally stripped of its bark, which is taken for use in traditional medicine. Consequently it is now a Protected Tree in South Africa.
Uses.
The tree yields a beautiful timber much prized by cabinet-makers. The wood is dark walnut or reddish brown to black with a yellow sap-wood, and the grain extremely fine, close, dense and smooth. It is said to be as durable as teak. The tree is badly overexploited and the wood is no longer available commercially. <br>
It is one of the most popular plants traded for traditional medicine in South Africa, mainly for its perceived effectiveness in treating urinary diseases.
Cultivation.
"Ocotea bullata" can be a very impressive tree for a larger garden or park. Care must be taken with their planting and they prefer a shady position but, once established, they are quite fast growing. <br>
Stinkwood trees can be propagated with some difficulty from cuttings. It can also be grown from seed, which must be freshly picked, cleaned and planted immediately. Germination takes around 30 days.
Pests and diseases.
"O. bullata" can be attacked by the fungus-like pathogen "Phytophthora cinnamomi", which causes dieback. Trees are more prone to attack in areas of indigenous forest that have been disturbed for commercial purposes.

</doc>
<doc id="2848986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848986" title="Chica">
Chica

Chica may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2848994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848994" title="Twisted ToyFare Theatre">
Twisted ToyFare Theatre

Twisted ToyFare Theatre is the most popular feature in the monthly magazine "ToyFare". Originally titled "Twisted Mego Theatre", it is a humorous comic strip done in the fumetti style by photographing toys on sets built by the magazine's staff, and using Photoshop to add effects and word balloons. The strips predominantly feature a line of toys called Megos (a line very popular in the 1970s, during the youth of much of the magazine's staff), and principally those based on Marvel Comics characters, such as Spider-Man and the Incredible Hulk. Collectively, the strips take place in a fictional world called Megoville. The series is well known for its bizarre humor and pop-culture references.
Characters.
Megos based on other properties, such as television shows like "CHiPs", "Star Trek", and "The Dukes of Hazzard" make frequent appearances alongside the Marvel characters. Originally, Megos based on DC Comics characters also appeared, but there were certain legal issues brought up which led to their removal. Reprints of strips featuring DC characters have been edited so that now other characters appear in their place.
The broad scope of the writers of TTT has called for the presence of many characters which were never officially released under the Mego toy line to appear. This has led the creators of the strip to commission the creation of customized figures for those characters, or to do their best with existing figures, the latter case resulting in such "customized" characters as "John Denver" (actually a Bo Duke Mego figure wearing glasses) or Iceman's "snowman" incarnation represented as a Mego figure rolled in shredded coconut.
Additionally, a large variety of other toy lines have been featured, either independently, or alongside the Megoville characters. These lines have included Star Wars, Smurfs, Transformers, G.I. Joe, Masters of the Universe, Gobots, and a host of others. The Marvel Mego characters have also met their "evil twins" twice, in the form of the other toy lines based on Marvel characters, such as Marvel Legends.
While Twisted ToyFare Theatre features toys based on pre-existing characters, their personalities are usually caricatures of the original:
DC Comics controversy.
Many early TTT strips featured several DC Comics characters, though an early strip entitled "The Super-Friends" featured Spider-man insulting the DC heroes for their ridiculousness. DC later filed a cease and desist order, preventing TTT from ever using DC characters. TTT writers not-so-subtly poke fun at this with rare appearances of "Bat-Pumpkin", a Batman Mego figure with a costume recolored to orange and purple and a pumpkin image replacing the Bat-symbol; even rarer are appearances of a similarly-altered Robin figure as Bat-Pumpkin sidekick, "Squash". At other times, Marvel characters have shushed DC references (""Ix-nay on the DC oke-jays!""), while in a "Matrix" parody, Mego Spidey encountered a "Crippled, web-savvy, redheaded secretary." who he mistakenly thought was the Oracle; she was quick to correct him by saying "Heavens, no! That would be too close to a DC Comics copyright infringement."
Collections.
The strips have also been reprinted by Wizard Entertainment, the publisher of "ToyFare", in collections separate from the magazine. These contain additional content, including behind-the-scenes information on how the stories are written and photographed, and Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe-style biography pages about featured TTT characters. , there are twelve of these collections available (eleven regular collections and a special 10th anniversary collection). Several toy collecting celebrities have provided introductions for these volumes, including Kevin Smith, Seth Green, Stan Lee, Paul Dini, Mark Hamill, Rob Van Dam, "Weird Al" Yankovic, Patton Oswalt, and Joe Quesada. Jeph Loeb provided the introduction for the "Twisted ToyFare Theatre 10th Anniversary Collection".
Writers.
The writers (current and former) include:
Related to.
The television show "Robot Chicken", which features animated action figures, had its roots spring from Twisted ToyFare Theatre (quite literally, as former TTT writer Tom Root is now the head writer for the show, along with fellow TTT alum Matthew Senreich). Series producer Seth Green is also an avid toy collector and long-time friend of the magazine. He wrote the introduction for one of the Twisted ToyFare Theatre collected editions. Actor Mark Hamill is a frequent voice actor on the show, and has also written such an introduction.
Ironically, "Robot Chicken" airs on the Adult Swim portion of Cartoon Network - which, like DC Comics, is owned by Time Warner.

</doc>
<doc id="2848999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848999" title="Baugh">
Baugh

Baugh is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="2849002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849002" title="Huan Tan">
Huan Tan

Huan Tan 桓譚 (c. 43 BC–28 AD) was a Chinese philosopher of the Han Dynasty (202 BC–220 AD) and short-lived interregnum of the Xin Dynasty (9–23 AD). Huan's mode of philosophical thought belonged to an Old Text realist tradition supported by other contemporaries such as the naturalist and mechanistic philosopher Wang Chong (27–c. 100), the latter who Rafe de Crespigny states was probably heavily influenced by Huan Tan. Huan was a close associate of the court astronomer and mathematician Liu Xin (died 23 AD) as well as the author and poet Yang Xiong (53 BC–18 AD), and worked as an official under the administrations of Emperor Ai of Han (r. 27–1 BC), Wang Mang (r. 9–23 AD), Emperor Gengshi of Han (r. 23–25 AD), and Emperor Guangwu of Han (r. 25–57 AD).
In addition to his many rhapsodies, essays, and memorials, Huan's major work was the "Xinlun" (新論), "New Discussions", which was admired by Emperor Guangwu, despite Huan Tan's besmirched reputation for having closely associated himself with the regime of the usurper Wang Mang. His "Xinlun" is also the earliest text to describe the trip hammer device powered by hydraulics (i.e. a waterwheel) in order to pound and decorticate grain.
Huan Tan is reported by Yu Yingshi (b. 1930) to uphold self-contradictory views on immortality. On one hand, he is quoted to say that "the way of immortals" is a fabrication of the lovers for the strange; on the other, however, he was reported to admit the practice as genuine and efficient. Possible explanation lies in the fact that "Huanzi xinlun" 桓子新論 is a later compilation which might have confused his own statements with the quotations of his opponents.

</doc>
<doc id="2849003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849003" title="Chica (dye)">
Chica (dye)

Chica is an orange-red dye obtained from boiling the leaves of the "Arrabidaea chica" (="Bignonia chica") plant. It is used by some tribes of South American Indians to stain the skin. 
Bibliography.
Webster's Revised Unabridged Dictionary. Retrieved June 19, 2009, from Dictionary.com website: http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/chica

</doc>
<doc id="2849007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849007" title="Stupid Kids">
Stupid Kids

Stupid Kids is a play by John C. Russell, first published by Dramatists Play Service, Inc. of New York, and first performed in 1991. Very similar in tone, plot, and characters to the film Rebel Without a Cause, the play follows four students at Joe McCarthy High.
Subsequent to its New York run, it played in Seattle and Boston and was well-reviewed by Curtain-Up.
Plot.
Jim has a crush on Judy and Judy's boyfriend Buzz is a popular jock. After a police raid on a rave, Jim makes friends with Neechee (a fey kid who has nicknamed himself after Nietzsche) while Judy befriends punkish riot grrrl Kimberly. As Jim and Judy pursue each other through the unpleasant social procedures of high school, abandoning their rebellious nature in favor of comfortable conformity, Neechee and Kimberly fall unhappily in love with them—Neechee with Jim, Kimberly with Judy. Ultimately, their experience alienates them even further from the mainstream, and from the objects of their affection.
Characters.
Jim Stark - a masculine, disaffected and apparently rebellious teenager who is new in town and intrigued by Judy
Judy Noonan - a feminine, provocative, and apparently rebellious teenager who is intrigued by Jim
John "Neechee" Crawford - a young gay outcast who is desperately in love with Jim
Jane "Kimberly" Willis - a young gay outcast who is desperately in love with Judy

</doc>
<doc id="2849009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849009" title="Downside School">
Downside School

Downside School is a co-educational Catholic independent school for children aged 11 to 18, located in Stratton-on-the-Fosse, between Westfield and Shepton Mallet in Somerset, south west England. It is attached to Downside Abbey. The current headmaster Dr James Whitehead, the first lay headmaster in Downside's history.
The school.
Downside is run by lay staff and the Benedictine monks of Downside Abbey., several monks work in the school as teachers and chaplains. The school is controlled by trustees who are the Abbot and six monks from Downside Abbey.
The school is divided into six houses; five senior houses and one junior house, with both day pupils and boarders in the same houses. Each house takes its name from the Community's martyrs or benefactors:
History.
Monks from the monastery of St Gregory's, Douai in Flanders, came to Downside in 1814. In 1607, St Gregory's was the first house after the Reformation to begin conventual life with a handful of exiled Englishmen. For nearly 200 years St Gregory's trained monks for the English mission and six of these men were beatified by Pope Pius XI in 1929. Two of these monks, SS John Roberts and Ambrose Barlow, were among the Forty Martyrs of England and Wales canonised by Pope Paul VI in 1970.
Imprisoned then driven from France at the Revolution, the community remained at Acton Burnell in Shropshire for 20 years before finally settling in Somerset in 1814. The Monastery was completed in 1876 and the Abbey Church in 1925, being raised to the rank of a minor basilica in 1935 by Pius XI. Attached to the Monastery, the School provides a Catholic boarding education for boys and girls between the ages of 11 and 18 years. During the 19th century Downside remained a small monastic school. It was Dom Leander Ramsay who founded the modern Downside and planned the new buildings that opened in 1912 and now form two sides of the "Quad".
The 20th century brought about changes for Downside in the expansion of the school buildings and school numbers — over 600 boys at one point. Over the decades the number of pupils had been falling but development drives and renewed demand for boarding education has seen numbers rise. As part of the renewal, girls were admitted in 2004. Since then, numbers of both boys and girls have been increasing every year. Since the opening of Isabella House in 2007, approximately 65% of the pupils are boys and 35% are girls. In 2013 it was announced the Dr James Whitehead will assume the role of headmaster in May 2014, being the school's first lay headmaster in its 400 year history.
Air crashes.
On Saturday 15 May 1943, during a cricket match between the school and an army team, two Hawker Hurricane fighter aircraft appeared over the playing fields at around 3 pm They proceeded to circle the fields, performing manoeuvres as they did so, an eye-witness describing them "diving over the field and banking steeply". In what would be the final pass, at around 3:20 pm, both aircraft flew across the cricket ground at an extremely low altitude, and then climbed rapidly to clear the tall fir trees bordering the field. The second aircraft appeared to clip the trees with its tail and nose-dived straight into the ground, crashing and bouncing, the burning debris finally coming to rest amongst the schoolboys watching the cricket match from an embankment. The pilot and nine people on the ground were killed, with 15 others injured, ten of them seriously. In September 2013 a single person aircraft crashed in the school grounds causing the death of the pilot.
Child abuse.
In 2004, a Benedictine monk was jailed for 18 months after taking indecent images of schoolboys and possessing child pornography when he was a teacher at Downside.
In January 2012, Father Richard White, a monk who formerly taught at the school, was jailed for five years for gross indecency and indecent assault against a pupil in the late 1980s. White, 66, who was known to pupils as Father Nick, had been allowed to continue teaching after he was first caught abusing a child in 1987 and was able to go on to groom and assault another pupil in the junior school. He was placed on a restricted ministry after the second incident but was not arrested until 2010. Two other Downside monks, also former teachers, received police cautions during an 18-month criminal trial.
Department for Education officials were said to be taking an urgent interest in child protection arrangements at the school. Inspection reports refer specifically to seven monks who have worked at the school at different times and whose behaviour has been “a cause for concern”. The Independent Schools Inspectorate had previously criticised a lack of urgency in making improvements to child protection. The Charity Commission has also sent a compliance team to work with the school on this, which it is treating as “a high-risk case”. The Abbot responded by apologising to parents and reported that 50 years of confidential school records indicated that four of the monks had faced police action, two had restrictions imposed on them, and one was cleared and returned to monastic life. A review of school governance was already taking place.
The Independent Schools Inspectorate's most recent report, 2013, states: '"The arrangements for welfare, health and safety are excellent." The school’s safeguarding arrangements are much improved since the November 2010 inspection and, as in the advisory visit in November 2011, policies and practice meet the requirements in full. Thorough procedures ensure the safe recruitment of staff, and all the necessary checks are carried out...The quality of the pupils’ spiritual, moral, social and cultural education is excellent. This fulfils the school’s aim of developing high personal standards in each pupil in the light of the school’s Christian context. By the time they leave, their personal development is excellent...The quality of the school's arrangements for pastoral care is excellent.'
Sports.
Sport is played at Downside with members of the school competing in a range of sports from rugby, football, netball, hockey, cricket, golf, polo and even the Downside Ball Game, a variation on Fives played on a purpose built outdoor court. Sport is played most afternoons at Downside with every pupil expected to participate at least three times a week.
Downside has historically been a rugby-playing school. There is a long-standing rivalry with Sherborne School, which often sees the whole school, 'Old Gregorians' (old boys/alumni) as well as a contingent from Sherborne on the sidelines.
Cricket ground.
The first recorded match on the school's cricket ground was in 1898, when the school played Lansdown. In 1934, the ground hosted a single first-class match between Somerset and Glamorgan.
Music.
The Schola Cantorum (Choir) plays a major role in Downside's music. Not only singing for High Mass, the Schola Cantorum also holds public performances on a termly basis. It has recently performed a concert of twentieth century choral music, including music by Britten, Lauridsen and the Chichester Psalms by Bernstein. The summer term is always ended with a musical. Productions in recent years have included "Oliver!", "Grease", "Guys and Dolls", "High Society", "Anything Goes" and most recently Henry Purcell's opera "Dido and Aeneas".
Press coverage.
In the late 1990s, the release of a number of Gregorian chant records attracted much attention, with some controversy over the association with the Virgin brand.
In 2002, Father Antony Sutch OSB, then Head Master, featured heavily (including front page of "The Daily Telegraph") when he attacked the 'geek culture' - the government-imposed educational bureaucracy - that in his view is overwhelming schools and teachers. His views on Catholicism and educational matters often attract attention in the media, and he has contributed to BBC Radio 4's "Thought for the Day" since 2003.
In 2003, Downside was the setting for a television show "A Second Chance", in which a teenager from London, Ryan Bell was sent to Downside to see if a 'difficult' student would do better in the independent sector. After excelling at Latin, biology, and on the rugby field, Bell was eventually expelled after being caught drinking.
Notable alumni.
Alumni are known as Old Gregorians in honour of St Gregory, the School's Patron Saint.

</doc>
<doc id="2849015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849015" title="Art Still">
Art Still

Arthur Barry Still (born December 5, 1955) is a former American football defensive end in the National Football League. He played for the Kansas City Chiefs (1978–1987) and the Buffalo Bills (1988–1989). He played college football at the University of Kentucky where he was an All-American in 1977.
College.
Still played at Kentucky under head coach Fran Curci and led the defense on the 1976 Kentucky Wildcats football team that won the Southeastern Conference championship, and on the 1977 Kentucky Wildcats football team that finished 10-1 and ranked #6 in the final AP poll.
NFL.
Still was the second overall player taken in the 1978 NFL Draft and became an immediate starter for the Chiefs, making the NFL All-Rookie Team in 1978. In 1979 Still began to get more notice and was voted Second-team All-AFC by UPI. In 1980, Still recorded 14½ sacks was voted All-Pro and All-AFC as well as being named to the Pro Bowl. The following year, 1981, he was voted to his second Pro Bowl. In 1982 he made it three Pro Bowls in a row and was voted second-team All-AFC. In 1983 Still went on an all-vegetarian diet and played at 235 pounds, and it seemingly broke his string of post-season honors in the NFL. In 1984 he was back to 265 pounds and was Second-team All-Pro and a Pro Bowler. He tied his career high of 14½ sacks. In 1985 he played solidly but failed to make any All-Pro or All-AFC teams. However, in 1986 he recorded 10½ sacks and was named First-team All-AFC as the Chiefs made the playoffs.
Still was a 4-time Pro Bowl selection, following the 1980-1982 and 1984 seasons, named the Kansas City Chiefs's Most Valuable Player twice (1980 and 1984). Still is third on the Chiefs all-time sack list with 72½ and has also made 922 tackles and 11 fumble recoveries. He led the team in sacks on 6 occasions, twice registering 14½ in a season and topped the team's tackle chart 3 times. He was traded to the Buffalo Bills in 1988 and played there for 2 seasons.
Personal.
Still's younger sister, Valerie Still, is the all-time leading scorer and rebounder in University of Kentucky basketball history among men and women. His cousin is Cincinnati Bengals defensive tackle Devon Still.
Art's son, Luka Still resides in Overland Park, Kansas, where he plays hockey and works as a painter and musician.

</doc>
<doc id="2849019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849019" title="Wilf Hanni">
Wilf Hanni

Wilf Hanni is a politician and oil industry consultant in British Columbia, Canada. Hanni served as leader of the Reform Party of BC from August 30, 1997 to June 1998, and later as leader of the British Columbia Party, and the BC Conservative Party. He was the leader of the Christian Heritage Party of BC until 2013 when he stepped down due to family health issues.. 
On September 24, 2005, following a non-confidence vote in leader Barry Chilton, Hanni was appointed Interim Leader of the BC Conservative Party. On March 18, 2006 in Kamloops, Hanni was acclaimed as Leader of the party. His resignation as leader was announced by the party on June 30, 2009.
Hanni is a resident of Cranbrook.
Reform Party of BC.
The Reform Party of BC is a conservative populist party that won two seats in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia and 9.27% of the popular vote in the May 28, 1996 provincial election. The leader, Jack Weisgerber, who had defeated Hanni for the party leadership in 1994, resigned.
At the Reform Party's August 30, 1997 leadership convention in Surrey, Hanni was elected leader over John Motiuk and Adrian Wade. A victory in the September 15, 1997 Surrey-White Rock by-election by the Liberal Party left the Reform Party in disarray as the Liberals appeared poised to emerge as the main right-wing party. By the end of November, both Reform MLAs had left the party. Neufeld joined the Liberals. Former Reform Leader Weisgerber left Reform to sit as an independent member of the BC Legislature. Party president David Secord quit, party executives on Vancouver Island had staged a mass resignation, and several former candidates had followed Neufeld's lead and joined the Liberals.
Following nine months with Hanni as Leader, Hanni lost a vote of confidence at the party's annual convention, and was forced to resign. The party drafted former British Columbia Social Credit Party leader and BC premier, Bill Vander Zalm to take over. Vander Zalm was unable to halt the slide, and the Reform party now exists largely in name only.
British Columbia Party.
The British Columbia Party is a minor right-wing party that named Hanni as leader.
British Columbia Conservative Party.
On September 24, 2005, following a non-confidence vote in leader Barry Chilton, the BC Conservative Party appointed Hanni as interim leader. A leadership convention was held on March 18, 2006 at which Hanni was acclaimed as the permanent leader.
He ran in the October 29, 2008 Vancouver-Fairview by-election, receiving 483 votes (4.11% of total ballots cast in the riding).
Under his leadership, the BC Conservatives nominated 24 candidates in the 2009 election. The party won 2.1% of the vote across the province, and over 10% of the vote in several ridings. He resigned as leader in June 2009 along with eight members of the party's board of directors, saying that he "spent much of the last four years fighting a long and protracted battle with a group of dissidents."
BC Heritage Party/Christian Heritage Party.
In September 2010 Hanni launched a new political party called the British Columbia Heritage Party. The new party advocated creating a provincial constitution, replacing the existing first-past-the-post voting system with preferential voting, and replacing taxation system with a single rate income tax or a single rate consumption tax (decided in a referendum).
In March 2012, the Christian Heritage Party of Canada agreed to accept the BC Heritage Party as a provincial wing of the party, and the BC party was renamed the Christian Heritage Party of British Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="2849030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849030" title="California State Route 114">
California State Route 114

State Route 114 (SR 114) is a short state highway in the U.S. state of California that runs between U.S. Route 101 and State Route 84 in East Palo Alto and Menlo Park. It is better known by its street name, Willow Road.
SR 114 was originally planned to stretch to I-280, but that portion was never constructed and has since been deleted from the legislative definition.
Route description.
The route begins at U.S. Route 101 in East Palo Alto. From here, it heads east into Menlo Park. Here, it meets Hamilton Avenue and its east end at SR 84, which continues to the Dumbarton Bridge over the San Francisco Bay.
History.
When defined in 1963, the route began at I-280 and ended at US 101. In 1984, a segment of SR 84 in the vicinity was swapped with SH 114, moving SH 114 from I-280 to SH 84, which followed Willow Road, as it does today. In 1990, however, the I-280 section was truncated and the terminus was switched to US 101.

</doc>
<doc id="2849033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849033" title="Gordon-Keeble">
Gordon-Keeble

Gordon-Keeble was a British car marque, made first in Slough, then Eastleigh, and finally in Southampton (all in England), between 1964 and 1967. The marque's badge was unusual in featuring a tortoise — a pet tortoise walked into the frame of an inaugural photo-shoot, taken in the grounds of the makers. Because of the irony (the slowness of tortoises) the animal was chosen as the emblem.
The Gordon-Keeble came about when John Gordon, formerly of the struggling Peerless company, and Jim Keeble got together in 1959 to make the Gordon GT car, initially by fitting a Chevrolet Corvette V8 engine, into a chassis by Peerless, for a USAF pilot named Nielsen. Impressed with the concept, a 4.6 litre Chevrolet (283 c.i.) V8 was fitted into a specially designed square-tube steel spaceframe chassis, with independent front suspension and all-round disc brakes. The complete chassis was then taken to Turin, Italy, where a body made of steel panels designed by Giugiaro was built by Bertone. The car's four five-inch headlights were in the rare, slightly angled "Chinese eye" arrangement also used by a few other European marques, generally for high-speed cars such as Lagonda Rapide, Lancia Flaminia and Triumphs, as well as Rolls-Royce. The interior had an old luxury jet feel, with white on black gauges, toggle switches, and quilted aircraft PVC.
The car appeared on the Bertone stand in March 1960, branded simply as a Gordon, at the Geneva Motor Show. At that time problems with component deliveries had delayed construction of the prototype, which had accordingly been built at breakneck speed by Bertone in precisely 27 days. After extensive road testing the car was shipped to Detroit and shown to Chevrolet management, who agreed to supply Corvette engines and gearboxes for a production run of the car.
The car was readied for production with some alterations, the main ones being a larger 5.4 litre (327 c.i.) engine and a change from steel to a glass fibre body made by Williams & Pritchard Limited. Problems with suppliers occurred and before many cars were made the money ran out and the company went into liquidation. About 90 cars had been sold at what turned out to be an unrealistic price of £2798. Each car had two petrol tanks.
In 1965 the company was bought by Harold Smith and Geoffrey West and was re-registered as Keeble Cars Ltd. Production resumed, but only for a short time, the last car of the main manufacturing run being made in 1966. A final example was actually produced in 1967 from spares, bringing the total made to exactly 100. The Gordon-Keeble Owners' Club claim that over 90 examples still exist.
An attempt was made to restart production in 1968 when the rights to the car were bought by an American, John de Bruyne, but this came to nothing, although two cars badged as De Bruynes were shown at that year's New York Motor Show along with a new mid-engined coupé.

</doc>
<doc id="2849036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849036" title="Joachim Erwin">
Joachim Erwin

Joachim Erwin (September 2, 1949 – May 20, 2008) was a German politician and the Mayor of Düsseldorf from 1999 until his death in 2008. He was born in Stadtroda, Thuringia, Germany.
Erwin was a member of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU). Erwin was married with Hille Erwin and had two children. 
Erwin was elected Mayor of Düsseldorf in 1999. He was credited with helping the city of Düsseldorf get rid of its pressing debts by selling off certain assets, such as its stake in the RWE AG utility during his tenure in office. He also successfully led the effort to cut spending from Düsseldorf's budget. (The city of Düsseldorf is currently populated by approximately 577,000 people and serves as headquarters to several major companies, including E.ON AG and Metro AG, which is Germany's largest retailer.
Joachim Erwin died on May 20, 2008 of colorectal cancer in Düsseldorf at the age of 58.

</doc>
<doc id="2849059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849059" title="Parvati River (Himachal Pradesh)">
Parvati River (Himachal Pradesh)

Parvati River is a river in the Parvati Valley in Himachal Pradesh, northern India that flows into the Beas River at Bhuntar, some 10 km south of Kullu. It rises from the Man Talai Glacier below the Pin Parbati pass and flows in a gradual curve from north-northwest to west-southwest past the important temple town of Manikaran.
The river valley has been a route to various places: Lahul across the Sara Umga La pass, Spiti across the famous Pin Parbati pass, and the recently discovered (1995) Debsa Pass. The river has fine first-growth forests in its upper reaches which are being degraded as a consequence of development of its vast hydro-electric potential. There are geothermal springs on the banks of the river at Manikaran and Khirganga.

</doc>
<doc id="2849060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849060" title="Lub">
Lub

Lub may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2849062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849062" title="Patrick Aebischer">
Patrick Aebischer

Patrick Aebischer (born November 22, 1954 in Fribourg, Switzerland) has been the president of the École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne since March 17, 2000. He is also a professor in neurosciences and head of the Neurodegenerative Disease Laboratory of the EPFL.
Biography.
Education.
Patrick Aebischer was trained as an MD (1980) and a neuroscientist (Dr. Med., 1983) at the University of Geneva and University of Fribourg in Switzerland.
Academic career.
From 1984 to 1992, he worked at Brown University in Providence (Rhode Island, United States), as Research Scientist, Assistant and then Associate Professor of Medical Sciences. In 1991, he became the chairman of the Section of Artificial Organs, Biomaterials and Cellular Technology of the Division of Biology and Medicine of Brown University.
In the fall of 1992, he returned to Switzerland as a Professor and Director of the Surgical Research Division and Gene Therapy Center at the University Hospital of Lausanne (CHUV) in Lausanne.
In 1999, Patrick Aebischer was nominated President of the Ecole polytechnique fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL), one of the two Swiss Federal Institutes of Technology, by the Swiss Federal Council. He took office as President on March 2000 and was reelected to this position in 2004 and 2008.
His current research focuses on the development of cell and gene transfer approaches for the treatment of neurodegenerative diseases.
Activities at the EPFL.
Since his arrival as president of the EPFL, Patrick Aebischer has made the following changes to EPFL:
In companies.
Patrick Aebischer is a founder of three start-ups: CytoTherapeutics Inc. (1989), Modex Therapeutics Inc. (1996) and Amazentis SA (2007). He sits at the boards of Nestle Health Science (since 2011) and Lonza Group (since 2008).
Personal.
The parents of Patrick Aebischer are artists Emile Aebischer, known as Yoki, and Joan, born O'Boyle. He is married and the father of two children.

</doc>
<doc id="2849074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849074" title="Parbati River">
Parbati River

Parbati River may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2849090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849090" title="Free Talk Studio ~Mari no Kimama na O-Shaberi~">
Free Talk Studio ~Mari no Kimama na O-Shaberi~

A Japan-only radio DJ simulation game for Sega Saturn, Free Talk Studio ~Mari no Kimama na O-Shaberi was released in 1997 by Media Entertainment. Two different packaging editions were produced, a blue case and a red case. The blue case contains three cards featuring the lead voice actress from the game, Mariko Kōda, alongside the characters she played, Mari Kousaka and Natsumi Kawai; the red case contains a photo booklet which also focuses on her. A PlayStation version of this title also exists, while there are no bonus packaging variants such as in the Saturn version, there are two releases, the difference being that one is on the "Best of the Best" label.
During the game, the player takes on the role of Mari Kousaka, who was just hired as a DJ. There is then a choice of three out of four guests to interview: Aya Isokawa, a comedian (played by voice actress Aya Hisakawa); Nanacy Hiruma, an eccentric artist; Miyu Enjoji, and Kururi Shibasaki. Do well enough throughout these interviews by picking from multiple choice dialogues, and go on to interview superstar Natsumi Kawai. The ultimate goal is to convince her to sing a jingle for Mari's radio show.
Summary.
The game is set up much like a dating sim. The main gameplay comes from multiple choice selections, and most endings involve whichever character the player held the strongest interview with. The Miyu Enjoji ending even includes a lingerie scene. As all of the guests are female, this could almost classify as a GxG sim, though the male manager and executive endings make this barely an all pairings title.

</doc>
<doc id="2849091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849091" title="Daiwa">
Daiwa

Daiwa may refer to:
Places:
Companies and related:

</doc>
<doc id="2849094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849094" title="California State Route 109">
California State Route 109

State Route 109 (SR 109) is a short, unsigned state highway in the U.S. state of California. It is the portion of University Avenue that runs between U.S. Route 101 and State Route 84 in East Palo Alto and Menlo Park. The route is unsigned; however, it is noted on some online maps.
Route description.
SR 109 begins at U.S. Route 101 in East Palo Alto. It continues north, paralleling the city border with Menlo Park before entering Menlo Park and crossing a railroad. SR 109 passes by salt evaporators before terminating at SR 84 just west of the Dumbarton Bridge.
History.
In April 1958, I-109 was proposed as a name for the route that is now Interstate 280. This proposal was rejected by AASHTO.
The route was first defined as a California State Route in 1963 from Sunset Cliffs Boulevard to Interstate 5 in San Diego. In 1972 this route was deleted and was redefined in 1984 as a route in Palo Alto.

</doc>
<doc id="2849095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849095" title="Commodity management">
Commodity management

Commodity Management is the process of developing a systematic approach to the entire usage cycle for a group of items.
The term is often used interchangeably with Category Management.
It is generally considered as one aspect of the Procurement Management toolkit, and frequently used in combination with other tools – such as 'two-by-four-box' analysis, looking at the strategic positioning of that commodity with respect to an organisation and its supplier. This may then be further developed with Supplier Relationship Management (SRM), with designated Buyers managing key suppliers in given commodities.
For more information on this topic, please consult:
Commodity Management is also used in other contexts, as such managing dwindling availability of scarce resources. For this context, please see:

</doc>
<doc id="2849102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849102" title="Fejér County (former)">
Fejér County (former)

Fejér (in Latin: "comitatus Albensis") was an administrative county (comitatus) of the Kingdom of Hungary. Its territory, which was slightly smaller than that of present Fejér county, is now in central Hungary. The capital of the county was Székesfehérvár.
Geography.
Fejér county shared borders with the Hungarian counties Veszprém, Komárom, Pest-Pilis-Solt-Kiskun and Tolna. It lay southwest of Budapest, around Székesfehérvár. The river Danube formed most of its eastern border. Its area was 4129 km² around 1910.
History.
Fejér county arose as one of the first comitatus of the Kingdom of Hungary, in the 11th century. The Solt region, east of the Danube river, which used to be part of Fejér county, went to Pest-Pilis-Solt county in the 17th century.
After World War II, the region south-east of Lake Balaton (around Enying), which used to be in Veszprém county, went to Fejér county. The city of Érd and its surroundings went to Pest county.
Demographics.
1891.
Ethnic groups (1891):
Total population: 222,445
1900.
In 1900, the county had a population of 236,102 people and was composed of the following linguistic communities:
Total:
According to the census of 1900, the county was composed of the following religious communities:
Total:
1910.
In 1910, the county had a population of 250,670 people and was composed of the following linguistic communities:
Total:
According to the census of 1910, the county was composed of the following religious communities:
Total:
Subdivisions.
In the early 20th century, the subdivisions of Fejér county were:

</doc>
<doc id="2849103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849103" title="Who I Am Hates Who I've Been">
Who I Am Hates Who I've Been

"Who I Am Hates Who I've Been" is a song by the Christian rock band Relient K. It was released in June 2005 as the second single from their 2004 album "Mmhmm". An acoustic version, originally recorded for "Apathetic EP", is included on the B-side, was included on the 2008 "The Bird and the Bee Sides" album. The music video entered TRL's Top 10 in 2005, reaching as high as 8th on the countdown. The song reached No. 58 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, making it their most successful single to date. This song also appears on the "WOW Hits 2007" compilation album.
Background and writing.
Matt Thiessen wrote the song in Australia in light of a feud with Brian Pittman, the band's bassist. The lyrics reflect remorse for his behavior, as well as pleas for forgiveness.
Music video.
The music video for the song shows a woman encountering various events being rewound and replayed, interposed with scenes of Relient K performing on an urban rooftop. The video starts off with a view of a room and a young woman. The camera then pans out to see her step outside. The first series of event that happens is as follows; a grocer tosses her a random green fruit and she catches it, then she stops walking and realizes that everything else around her stopped too. She starts walking back and forth while watching an old woman drop and rewind her library books. 
As the woman moves, her actions control everyone around her; an old man moving side to side with a TV, another young man on his cell phone and an Asian man crossing the street while preoccupied with reading a magazine. The young woman makes a mistake and takes too many steps and watches as she causes the Asian man to be hit by a Plymouth Reliant car. Shocked, she tries retracing her steps and starts back at where the grocer tosses her the fruit and takes a few steps to the side and starts walking again. Since it's not the same path as the first time, the events have changed. Instead of her catching the fruit, the man on the cell phone is instead, hit by it and he drops his phone. As he bends down to pick it up he accidentally kicks it into the path of a bicycle that has to swerve to miss him but instead nearly hits the old man with the TV and causes him to drop it. 
This all results in the Asian man avoiding the hit and the video ends with her walking away. There is a short piano-only chorus in the middle of the song that was cut from the video. As with the "Be My Escape" video, exclusions visually include Dave Douglas singing background vocals, and Matt Thiessen playing the piano. The video was released in October 2005.
Awards.
In 2006, the song was nominated for a Dove Award for Rock Recorded Song of the Year at the 37th GMA Dove Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="2849105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849105" title="St. Joseph, Louisville">
St. Joseph, Louisville

St. Joseph is a neighborhood two miles south of downtown Louisville, Kentucky, USA, and immediately east of the University of Louisville. The area was named after the St Joseph's Infirmary hospital, which was established by the Sisters of Charity of Nazareth. The building, once located at the corner of Preston Street and Eastern Parkway, was razed in 1980.
The area was settled by mostly German immigrants from Bavaria in the 1900s. The housing stock is composed of bungelow and shotgun houses. St Stephen's Cemetery, established 1851, is located in the northern part of the neighborhood. The three Jewish cemeteries, Temple Cemetery, Adath Jeshuran Cemetery, and Keneseth Israel Cemetery are located next to each other in the southern part, more commonly referred to as the Bradley neighborhood.
St. Joseph's boundaries are I-65 to the west, Norfolk Southern Railroad to the north, Eastern Parkway to the south and Shelby Street to the east.
Demographics.
As of 2000, the population of Saint Joseph was 1,590 , of which 83.6% are white, 11.4% are black, 4.8% are listed as other, & Hispanics are 0.3%. College graduates are 15.8%, people without a high school degree are 25%, people with 1+ years of college w/o a degree are 10.9%. Females are 50.8% of the population, males are 49.2%.

</doc>
<doc id="2849112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849112" title="Paul Löbe">
Paul Löbe

Paul Löbe (December 14, 1875 – August 3, 1967) was a German politician and member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD), who served as President of the Reichstag.
Life and career.
Löbe was born in Liegnitz (present-day Legnica) in the Prussian province of Silesia. The son of a carpenter, he had to work as a waiting-boy helping to support the family. Finishing school he was trained as a typesetter at a printing shop in Breslau (Wrocław) and after his journeyman years worked in Dessau, Anhalt and Thuringian Ilmenau. 
To support his mother, he returned to Silesia in 1898, taking up a job at the Breslau "Volkswacht" newspaper. Shortly afterwards he was appointed editor-in-chief, a post he held until 1920. His journalistic work often landed him in prison, for instance, when he called on readers to come to a demonstration to protest against the Prussian three-class franchise. In 1901 he married Clara Schaller. Löbe was dispensed from conscription in the German Army and did not serve in World War I on account of an illness in his lungs.
During the Nazi years, Löbe worked at the Walter de Gruyter academic publishing house. In the end of World War II Löbe found himself in Glatz (Kłodzko), from where he was expelled according to the resolutions of the Potsdam Agreement. He joined the staff of the daily newspaper "Das Volk", and later became co-publisher of the "Telegraf" in Berlin. He died in West Germany's capital, Bonn and is buried in an "Ehrengrab" at the Berlin-Zehlendorf cemetery.
Politics.
Löbe joined the SPD in 1895 and in 1898 he founded the local branch of the SPD in Ilmenau. In 1899 he became party chairman in Middle Silesia and was elected to Breslau's city government in 1904. He served as a member of the Silesian provincial "Landtag" diet from 1915 to 1920. During World War I he together with Karl Liebknecht was known as a "leftist" opponent of SPD leader Friedrich Ebert and the party's "Burgfrieden" policies. 
Upon the German Revolution of 1918–1919 Löbe declined to join the Council of the People's Deputies and the cabinet of his party fellow Chancellor Philipp Scheidemann. Instead he became vice president of the constituent Weimar National Assembly and from 1920 to 1933 he was a member of the German Reichstag, serving as its president (1920–24 and 1925–32) and vice-president (1932–33). 
In 1921 he became a member of the Prussian state council. Löbe played a vital role in overcoming the divergences with the USPD deputies. Upon Ebert's death in 1925, he refused to run as SPD candidate in the presidential election against the conservative Paul von Hindenburg, a task then performed by the Prussian Minister-president Otto Braun, who was defeated in the first round. Löbe was a member of the Reichsbanner Schwarz-Rot-Gold organization and briefly acted as SPD party chairman in early 1933, preparing the "Sopade" exile in Prague, before the party was banned on June 22. 
Löbe was imprisoned by the Nazi authorities shortly after the "Machtergreifung" on 30 January 1933, and again in 1944 after the 20 July Plot because of his connections with the resistance circle around Carl Friedrich Goerdeler. Löbe was interrogated by the Gestapo and deported to Gross-Rosen concentration camp. The plotters had designated him for Reichstag President, a fact that luckily remained concealed. 
After World War II, he was instrumental in the reconstruction of the SPD. Löbe was a member of the "Parlamentarischer Rat" between 1948 and 1949 and the deputy chairman of the SPD faction. From 1949-53, he was a member of the West German Bundestag parliament in Bonn. Löbe was the oldest MP of the Bundestag in its first legislative period, though he was not an elected member, but rather appointed by the Senate of West Berlin as their non-voting delegate. The second oldest member was Chancellor Konrad Adenauer, whom Löbe survived by three and a half months.
Honorary positions.
From 1949 to 1954 Löbe was President of the German Council of the European Movement and in 1954 he became President of the Kuratorium Unteilbares Deutschland. In 1951 Löbe was awarded the Grand Cross of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany. In 1955 he became an honorary citizen of Berlin. One of the new parliamentary buildings which serves Bundestag members in Berlin is named after Löbe.
Funeral Ceremony.
At the time of Löbe's state funeral at the Rathaus Schöneberg on 9 August 1967, Andreas Baader (the later Red Army Faction militant), the author Hans Magnus Enzensberger, and others in a satirical rally carried a coffin bearing the words “SENAT” to the front of the city hall. From inside the coffin, the "Kommune 1" activist Dieter Kunzelmann, wearing a nightgown, and fellow demonstrators passed out leaflets proclaiming “Today you want to celebrate Paul Löbe up the chimney […] We want to bury a few smart corpses that are slowly stinking to high heaven,” followed by a list of the current members of the Berlin Senate. Although 24 of the demonstrators were arrested, some participants evaded the police, including Baader, Enzensberger and another later RAF terrorist, Gudrun Ensslin.

</doc>
<doc id="2849114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849114" title="Stafford and Uttoxeter Railway">
Stafford and Uttoxeter Railway

The Stafford and Uttoxeter Railway was created by Act of Parliament in 1862, to run between Stafford and Uttoxeter in Staffordshire, England.It opened for traffic in 1867. It was nicknamed the "Clog and Knocker".
It was purchased for £100,000 by the Great Northern Railway in July 1881 as a means of reaching Wales. The latter thus gained a through route from Grantham via the Ambergate, Nottingham, Boston and Eastern Junction Railway and the GNR Derbyshire and Staffordshire Extension. From Stafford it would reach Shrewsbury by the Shropshire Union Railways and Canal Company line which had opened in 1849 and continue over the Potteries, Shrewsbury and North Wales Railway.
Passenger services ended on 4 December 1939. The through line closed on 5 March 1951 a stub survived at Stafford to serve the RAF Stafford 16 Maintenance Unit, that closed on 1 December 1975.
Early schemes.
In the early 1840s a number of schemes were put forward to link Stafford and Uttoxeter by rail. Two in particular were planned to extend as far as Derby. Notice of the first of these was placed in 1845. Called the "Derby, Uttoxeter and Stafford Railway" it was part of plans for a cross-country line from the Eastern Counties to Holyhead. However, another scheme called the "Grand Junction and Midland Union Railway" was proposed at the same time. This would proceed from the Trent Valley Railway, then under construction, at Carlton Mill north of Rugeley. This would link with the Birmingham and Derby line of the Midland Railway at Burton on Trent. The Trent Valley line was opened in 1847 without the connection to Burton, and the other project was abandoned.
Stafford and Uttoxeter Railway.
The North Staffordshire Railway opened its station at Uttoxeter in 1848, while the Shropshire Union Railways and Canal Company opened its line to Wellington from Stafford in 1849, making the link between the two even more logical. Accordingly plans for the Stafford and Uttoxeter Railway were submitted in 1861.
In support of the line were the growing shoe-making industry in Stafford and the Leighton Ironworks in Uttoxeter, of the Bamford family, forebears of J. C. Bamford. The latter was destined to become one of the largest agricultural equipment maker in the country. Support came initially from the Shropshire Union Railway, for transport of cattle from Wales, but when it was taken over by the LNWR this was withdrawn, and the line was also opposed by the North Staffordshire. However the Royal Assent was given in 1862.
Construction and operation.
Construction began almost immediately. There were problems with the price of land and with labour. The contractors were Brassey and Field and by 1866 the cost had become £10,000 a mile. In addition there would need to be a tunnel at Bramshall and a major cutting at Hopton, the latter being 60 feet deep in solid rock. Initially four stations were built, at Salt, Ingestre, Stowe and Grindley substantial enough to last well into the 20th century.
The line opened for general traffic in December 1867. It owned seven coaches, sixteen wagons and one goods van but, initially, no locomotive. Motive power line was provided by the contractors who had become shareholders in the company. Instead of booking office staff, tickets were sold on the train, and there was little in the way of telegraphic or signalling equipment. The first locomotive was a 2-4-0 tank engine supplied in 1868 by Beyer, Peacock and Company and was named "Shrewsbury and Talbot" after a local landowner. By 1874, Stafford had expanded northwards and a new station was built at the Common, where there was horseracing, fares and agricultural shows.
Financial problems.
From the beginning the company was undersubscribed and in 1865 returned to Parliament with a second bill to authorise the raising of further finance. Even when the line was operating it met continuing opposition from the LNWR and the NSL, not keeping reliable connections at their two stations, and refusing to accept goods for onward transit even if prepaid. This may have contributed to a serious accident in 1873 when a train derailed on the curve at the end of Hopton Cutting. It has been suggested that it had been delayed by five minutes leaving Uttoxeter, on a very tightly timed service, and was speeding to make the connection at Stafford. Both footplate men were killed, the guard and booking clerk were severely injured, and six passengers were hurt. As a result the timing for the journey was extended and, following suggestions by the Board of Trade inspector, the engine was modified to place more weight on the leading wheels.
by 1878 it was clear that operating costs were exceeding traffic receipts and a receiver was appointed. The suggestion was made that, since it seemed likely that the LNWR and the NSR would continue to be uncooperative, approaches should be made to the GNR or the Midland, who could operate the line bringing in their own traffic. It will be noted that the aim of connecting to Derby had still not been achieved. While the LNWR and NSR were on good terms with the Midland and exercised running powers over its lines into Derby and Burton, the GNR had built a new line in competition with all three - its Derbyshire extension - and was anxious to penetrate further westward.
Great Northern Railway.
In 1879 a Bill was approved that allowed the GNR to operate over the Stafford and Uttoxeter, and for both to be able to use the NSR between Uttoxeter and Egginton Junction, with reciprocal rights for the NSR. This linked with both Derby Friargate and Burton upon Trent. The NSR also ran trains from Stafford to Nottingham, using the Midland's loop through Castle Donington and Shardlow.
The extra income allowed the Stafford and Uttoxeter to buy a second engine in 1880. This was an 0-4-4 saddle tank by Beyer Peacock, bought second-hand from the North London Railway and named "Ingestre". However the end was near for the line as a separate company and, in 1881, the GNR purchased it for £100,000.
Not only had there not been the finance to modernise the line, it was, by this time, completely run down. GNR therefore invested £40,000 in improving the facilities at Stafford Common, providing passing loops at each station, and block signalling. It made the most of its penetration of rival territory by opening through service from Grantham via Nottingham and Derby to Stafford.
During the First World War economies were made in passenger services and facilities. However there was considerable freight movement westwards from the armament factories at Branston and Chilwell, with Royal Engineers being drafted in. Afterwards there were plans for extensions, particularly at Stafford Common, but, with the announcement of regrouping by the railways nationally, they were not proceeded with. In 1923, the line became part of the London and North Eastern Railway.
After Grouping.
Between the wars, the line managed to pay its way with excursions to the countryside (particularly to Salt), to the seaside (particularly Skegness) and the races at Uttoxeter and at Doncaster. The introduction of a bus service from Stafford to Uttoxeter in 1938 marked the beginning of the end and with the outbreak of World War II, passenger services were reduced to one train a day.
However, even that was suspended on 4 December 1939. In 1940 the line was closed completely to the public, the only passenger traffic being military personnel. At Stafford was the Royal Air Force's 16 MU, while there was an army depot at Bromshall. RAF Stafford built an extensive network of sidings adjacent to Stafford Common yard. This continued in operation until 1975. 
In 1939, there was a further incident, when a train from Stafford passed a signal at danger at Bromshall Junction, colliding with a freight on the main line. The Stafford loco overturned trapping the driver. The signalman at Leigh managed to stop an approaching freight which included a number of oil tankers.
Postwar.
After the war public freight services resumed until nationalisation in 1948, when the line became part of British Railways Eastern Region, passing to the Midland Region in 1950.
The line finally closed to all traffic, apart from the Air Ministry sidings, in 1951 and the stations were closed and the bulk of the signalling removed in 1953. The last train on the line was in 1957, a special organised by the Stephenson Locomotive Society. The track was lifted between 1957 and 1962. The bridge over the Trent and Mersey Canal at Weston was removed in the 1990s; it had been used by a local farm to allow the transit of dairy cattle across the canal.
The junction at the north end of Stafford station is still known as "Uttoxeter Line Junction Number 5" 

</doc>
<doc id="2849115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849115" title="In the Wet">
In the Wet

In The Wet is a novel by Nevil Shute that was first published in the United Kingdom in 1953. It contains many of the typical elements of a hearty and adventurous Shute yarn such as flying, the future, mystic states, and ordinary people doing extraordinary things.
Plot summary.
The story is opened by its initial narrator - an Anglican priest named Roger Hargreaves - who describes his ordinary circumstances in a large parish of the Australian outback in 1953. As part of his duties, he has to minister to the dying and this brings him into contact with an aged, alcoholic, opium smoking, diseased, ex-pilot and ex-ringer named Stevie.
Caught in Stevie's squalid cabin in a heavy rainy season, Hargreaves struggles with recurring malaria whilst on deathwatch for Stevie. As both men are in altered mental states the story shifts and Stevie becomes David 'Nigger' Anderson, a decorated member of the Royal Australian Air Force, telling his story to Hargreaves. But this is a story yet to happen - in 1983, to be exact.
'Nigger' is a quadroon, of mixed European and Aboriginal ancestry. As a first rate pilot he is chosen by his country to be a member of an elite test pilot team in the UK. Although of humble origins, Nigger has advanced quickly in the RAAF and is soon offered a position commanding one of two aircraft of the Queen's Flight.
The England of the 1983 in the story is a technically advanced country that has been abused and bled dry by Socialism. Austerity is the watchword, and rationing is still in force. It is an England in which the Royal Family is both revered, and abused - revered by the common people, and abused by politicians who use them as whipping boys for the economic woes of England. When the politicians attempt to control the foreign travel of the monarch by curtailing her use of government aircraft, the Canadian and Australian governments each donate a modern jet transport to the Queen's Flight, provide for operating expenses, and furnish crews. Nigger is chosen as the captain of the Australian plane. Both Canada and Australia are heavily royalist countries, and Nigger is shocked at one point by the suggestion that Australia could become a republic. Both are democracies, though subject to the "multiple vote"—everyone gets one vote, but other votes can be earned by individuals, up to a maximum of seven. Nigger himself has three votes in Australian elections.
At first absorbed by the job, Nigger slowly becomes aware of what is going on around him. He sees the Secretary of State for Air, Lord Coles, inspect the advanced aircraft, and insist that a signal gun be placed in the radio-equipped aircraft in case it needs to land in a field. The Prime Minister, Iorweth Jones, is more intelligent, but only interested in scoring political points.
The Royal family, though, is delighted at the gift of the aircraft, and the middle-aged Queen and Consort come down to inspect them.
Nigger repeatedly meets, and slowly falls for, a junior secretary to the Queen, Rosemary, daughter of an Oxford don, who is assigned to help streamline the administrative aspects of the Commonwealth aircraft joining the Queen's Flight. Nigger learns of the difficult political situation the Queen is faced with.
The Queen's visit to Canada in the Canadian craft coincides with another attack on the Royal Family by Labour politicians. The Prince of Wales has Nigger fly him to Ottawa so he can meet with the Queen. It is later made clear that the Prince carries an ultimatum from himself and his sister (the Queen has only two children)--they will not take the job of monarch as it now stands.
Nigger is ordered to fly the Queen and her entourage, including Rosemary not back to England, but on to Australia to meet with politicians there. En route, they have a lengthy refueling delay on Christmas Island, allowing the Queen to relax a bit—until local officials show up with their wives, in formal dress. Nigger, struck with food poisoning, dreams of the scene with Hargreaves and Stevie in the cabin in the wet. After he recovers, the party move on to Australia. The Queen meets not only with current Australian politicians but with elder statesmen Sir Robert Menzies and Arthur Calwell. After the meetings, the Queen is flown back to England but ground control diverts the flight hundreds of miles to Yorkshire on the pretext that the Australian airmen are not qualified to land at a commercial airport - Heathrow - in poor weather. In reality the Australian and Canadian crews which have been trained by BOAC are well qualified to make the landing and the diversion to Yorkshire is apparently for no other purpose than to cause the Queen inconvenience. After Royal intervention the crews are all granted accreditation as civil aviators without further ado.
Nigger asks Rosemary to marry him, but she refuses so long as the Queen needs her. Rosemary arranges for Nigger to meet her father, a political scientist, who inadvertently spills the beans of what the Queen is contemplating doing to make the monarchy bearable for her and her family—Britain is to have a Governor General who will deal with the politicians, while the monarch devotes herself to Commonwealth affairs.
The Queen announces this on her Christmas broadcast, and makes it clear that she and her family will not return to Britain without the country having undergone political reforms, meaning the multiple vote. Though David takes every precaution to protect the aircraft, which takes off with the Queen soon afterwards, a sixth sense, deriving from his Aboriginal heritage, tells him something is wrong. He searches the party's luggage, and finds a sealed metal box, obviously a bomb. It seems impossible to get the box outside due to winds, but through skilled flying, he is able to create the right conditions. The Queen swears all to secrecy, and awards David the Seventh Vote, given only by Royal commission.
The party makes it to Australia safely. Meanwhile, in Britain, the new Governor General has summoned Parliament to debate the multiple vote. Prime Minister Jones' government falls, and a new government, still Labour, is expected to institute the political reform. Now that the Queen is no longer in a crisis situation, Rosemary can leave the royal employment and marry David.
In an epilogue, the framing story resumes. Stevie has died peaceably and an exhausted Hargreaves tries to separate dream from reality. This becomes more difficult when the child who will grow to be Nigger is presented to him for christening.
Multiple vote.
Perhaps the most interesting, and enduring, feature of the book is the "multiple vote", seen as a necessary reform of democracy. A person can have up to seven votes. Everyone gets a basic vote. Other votes can be earned for education (including a commission in the armed forces), earning one's living overseas for two years, raising two children to the age of 14 without divorcing, being an official of a Christian church, or having a high earned income. The seventh vote, which in the book is awarded to Nigger for his heroism, is only given at the Queen's discretion by Royal Charter.
Multiple votes have been known in history. Until the late 1940s, the graduates of Oxford University and Cambridge University sent representatives to Parliament. The graduates of the National University of Ireland and of Trinity College are still represented in the upper house of Ireland's parliament. Part of the Reform Act 1885, as originally proposed, would have granted some Britons a second vote. That part of the Act was never enacted.

</doc>
<doc id="2849121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849121" title="Yellow-spotted river turtle">
Yellow-spotted river turtle

The yellow-spotted Amazon river turtle or yellow-spotted river turtle ("Podocnemis unifilis") is one of the largest South American river turtles. It can grow up to 45 cm long and weigh up to 8 kg. This species can be recognized by its black or brown oval carapace (upper shell) with distinctive low keels on the second and third scutes. Yellow spots on the side of its head give this species its common name. These spots are most prominent in juveniles and fade with age. Females can be up to twice the size of males.
"Podocnemis unifilis" is a type of side-necked turtles, so called because they do not pull their heads directly into their shells, but rather bend their necks sideways to tuck their heads under the rim of their shells. Side-neck turtles are classified as members of the suborder Pleurodira. 
These turtles are found in tributaries and large lakes of South America's Amazon Basin. During flood season, they may venture into flooded forests or floodplain lakes. They feed on fruits, weeds, fish, and small invertebrates.
The females lay two clutches of eggs each year, each with four to 35 eggs in it. They make their nests in sandy areas on the banks of rivers, where the eggs will hatch 66 to 159 days after they are laid. The eggs are laid at the peak of dry season so the nest will not be washed away with the floods of the rainy season.
Their average life span is 60 to 70 years.
"Podocnemis unifilis" was one of the foreign species exploited by the American pet turtle trade in the 1960s. Importation of this species is now strictly regulated by Federal law, but a captive, self-sustaining population exists in the United States—some groups in zoos, others in the hands of private collectors. Individuals of this species have lived more than 30 years in captivity.

</doc>
<doc id="2849122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849122" title="Constance Cummings">
Constance Cummings

Constance Cummings, CBE (May 15, 1910November 23, 2005) was an American actress, known for her work on both screen and stage.
Life and career.
Cummings was born Constance Halverstadt in Seattle, Washington, the daughter of Kate Logan (née Cummings), a concert soprano, and Dallas Vernon Halverstadt, a lawyer. She began as a stage actress, landing her first role on Broadway by the age of 18. While appearing on Broadway, she was discovered by Samuel Goldwyn, who brought her to Hollywood in 1931. Between 1931 and 1934, Cummings appeared in more than twenty films, including the Harold Lloyd films "Movie Crazy" and "American Madness", directed by Frank Capra.
She was married to the playwright and screenwriter Benn Levy from 1933 until his death in 1973. Cummings was uncomfortable in Hollywood and moved to England, where she continued acting, both in movies and on the stage. Few of her films were hits in the U.S., although "Blithe Spirit", adapted from the Noël Coward play, was popular. Levy went on to write and direct films for Cummings, such as "The Jealous God" (1939); he also served in the United Kingdom Parliament from 1945-50 as the Labour MP for Eton and Slough. They had a son and a daughter.
She played Mary Tyrone in the Royal National Theatre's production of Eugene O'Neill's "Long Day's Journey into Night" opposite Sir Laurence Olivier, to great acclaim, and later recreated the role for a television production. In 1979, she won the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play for her performance as Emily Stilson in the drama "Wings" (written by Arthur Kopit), a play about a woman (Stilson), a former aviator who has suffered a stroke, from which she struggles to recover.
On January 1, 1974, Cummings, who resided in the UK for many decades until her death, was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) for her contributions to the British entertainment industry.
She was a committee member of the Royal Court Theatre and the Arts Council. She has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6211 Hollywood Blvd.
Death.
Constance Cummings Levy died on November 23, 2005, aged 95, from natural causes.

</doc>
<doc id="2849124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849124" title="Valley View Christian Church (Dallas)">
Valley View Christian Church (Dallas)

Valley View Christian Church is a non-denominational Christian church located in Dallas, Texas. It is an evangelical church associated with the Restoration Movement. Its core beliefs are centered in the authority of the Bible.
Valley View was established November 8, 1964. The mission of the church is to make disciples of all people and help them to become more like Christ. The church's leadership is defined as led by "elders" (1 Tim. 3) and the day to day operations are managed by the staff. Recently, Valley View has been striving to be a multi-generational (Titus 2:1-5) and multi-ethnic group of people (Rev. 7:9). In the future, the church hopes to include people from all walks of life, all ages, all ethnicities, united to serve God and people.
There have been prominent leaders who have attended Valley View in the past, including: Keith Ray (president of Lincoln Christian University) and U.S. Supreme Court Nominee Harriet Miers was a prominent member who was baptized at the church in 1979. She taught a children's Sunday school class early in her membership.
In September 2006, a Wall Street Journal article on the influence of Rick Warren cited Valley View as one of the American churches that has used Warren's "Purpose Driven Life" to help them communicate the biblical purposes of the church to the contemporary community in which they minister. Valley View is described as a church that has a love for the Bible, and a heart for people.

</doc>
<doc id="2849125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849125" title="Pedway">
Pedway

Pedways are elevated or underground walkways, often connecting urban high-rises to each other, other buildings, or the street. They provide quick and comfortable movement from building to building, away from traffic and inclement weather. Two of the largest networks of underground walkways are located in Canada. RÉSO in Montreal and PATH in Toronto each consist of approximately 30 km of underground walkways in the heart of their respective city centres. 

</doc>
<doc id="2849126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849126" title="Porkbusters">
Porkbusters

Porkbusters is an effort led by mostly conservative and libertarian bloggers to cut pork barrel spending by the U.S. Congress used to help pay for projects.
The effort was launched on September 18, 2005, after the massive scale of the reconstruction effort necessary for the areas devastated by Hurricane Katrina had become apparent. It quickly picked up steam as blogger Glenn Reynolds (aka "Instapundit") began promoting the idea and the influential-though-anonymous blogger NZ Bear set up a website showing which members of the U.S. Congress had committed to cutting projects in their own districts to help offset the disaster recovery effort. 
Reynolds encourages his readers to send him copies of pork-cutting letters they send to their representatives and Senators, along with the responses from the elected officials. He then posts these on his website under the heading "Porkbusters Update". 
In operation for less than six weeks, as of October 13, 2005 the project has already managed to garner $84,000,000 in specific budget cut commitments out of various Representatives and non-specific agreements out of many more. In addition, those Representatives who have been contacted and have negative responses are highlighted and their contact information is made available for their constituents.
Coburn Amendment.
The Porkbusters project endorsed the Coburn Amendment. Officially titled the "Coburn Amendment to the Transportation, Housing, and Urban Development appropriations bill" (HR 3058), the Coburn Amendment was a bill proposed by Senator Tom Coburn that would divert money from the transportation bill, specifically the $220 million for the Gravina Island Bridge in Alaska to the reconstruction of the "Twin Spans" bridge in Louisiana. This amendment has also gained the support of liberal blogger Markos Moulitsas. The amendment was defeated 82-15.
Next phase.
On October 30, 2005, N.Z. Bear posted an entry to his blog entitled The Next Phase of Porkbusters. In it he states 
As of December 9, 2005, Senator Coburn has the Porkbuster logo on his site, along with a separate page listing his Porkbuster efforts, though Porkbusters had a few setback when Senator Sununu lost his Senate seat in 2008 and when Senator McCain voted on the highly controversial Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008, which is thought to have worsened their fight against pork.
In August 2006, Porkbusters, Talking Points Memo and other blogs from across the political spectrum worked together to support the proposed Obama-Coburn Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 (S. 2590). "Secret holds" placed on the bill were eventually tracked down to Senators Ted Stevens and Robert Byrd. The bill became law in September 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="2849129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849129" title="Muschelkalk">
Muschelkalk

The Muschelkalk (, "French": "calcaire coquillier") is a sequence of sedimentary rock strata (a lithostratigraphic unit) in the geology of central and western Europe. It has a Middle Triassic (240 to 230 million years) age and forms the middle part of the Germanic Trias, that further consists of the Buntsandstein (lower part) and Keuper (upper part). The Muschelkalk consists of a sequence of limestone and dolostone beds.
In the past the time span in which the Muschelkalk was deposited could also be called Muschelkalk. In modern stratigraphy however, the name only applies to the stratigraphic unit.
Occurrence.
The name Muschelkalk was first used by German geologist Georg Christian Füchsel (1722-1773). In 1834, Friedrich August von Alberti included it into the Triassic system. The name indicates a characteristic feature of the unit, namely the frequent occurrence of lenticular banks composed of fossil shells. The Muschelkalk is restricted to the subsurface of Germany and adjacent regions as the low countries, the North Sea and parts of Silesia, Poland and Denmark. Outcrops are found in Thuringia, the Harz, Franconia, Hesse, Swabia, and the Saarland and the Alsace.
The Muschelkalk was deposited in a land-locked sea which, in the earlier part of its existence, had only imperfect communications with the more open waters of the Tethys Ocean to the south. The basin in which the Muschelkalk was deposited is called the Germanic Basin.
Sometimes stratigraphic units with the same age from the Alps, southern Europe and even Asia are called Muschelkalk too. Of course these rocks have little in common with the central European Muschelkalk except for similarities in fossil content. The Alpine Muschelkalk differs in many respects from that of Central Europe, and has a closer affinity with the Triassic Tethys realm.
Stratigraphy.
The Muschelkalk can be up to 100 meters thick; it is divisible into three subdivisions, of which the upper and lower are pale thin-bedded limestones with greenish-grey marls, the middle group being composed of gypsiferous and saliniferous marls with dolostone. Stylolites are common in all the Muschelkalk limestones.
The lithostratigraphic status of the Muschelkalk differs regionally. In Germany it is considered a group, in the Netherlands a formation.
Germany.
The German Muschelkalk Group is subdivided into three subgroups: Upper, Middle and Lower Muschelkalk. The Lower Muschelkalk consists mainly of limestone, calcareous marls and clayey marls. Some beds are composed of porous cellular limestone occur (so called "Schaumkalk"), there are also oolite beds. The Lower Muschelkalk is divided into six formations: Jena-Formation, Rüdersdorf-Formation, Udelfangen-Formation, Freudenstadt-Formation and Eschenbach-Formation. The Lower Muschelkalk is sometimes called "Wellenkalk" ( = wave, so called on account of the wavy character of the bedding). In the Saarland and Alsace and northern Eifel, the Lower Muschelkalk has more sandy beds, the Muschelsandstein.
The Middle Muschelkalk or Anbydnite Group consists mainly of evaporites (gypsum, anhydrite and halite) and is divided into three formations: Karlstadt-Formation, Heilbronn-Formation and Diemel-Formation. The facies at the margins of the Germanic Basin is different and these deposits are classified as a separate formation, the Grafenwöhr-Formation, which continues into the Upper Muschelkalk. In the Middle Muschelkalk, weathering can form characteristic cellular dolostone ("Zellendolomit").
The Upper Muschelkalk ("Hauptmuschelkalk") is similar to the Lower Muschelkalk and consists of regular beds of shelly limestone, marl and dolostone. It is divided into six formations: Trochitenkalk, Meißner-Formation, Irrel-Formation, Gilsdorf-Formation and Warburg-Formation. The lower portion or Trochitenkalk is often composed entirely of the fragmentary stems of "Encrinus liliiformis"; higher up come beds with "Ceratites cornpressus", "Ceratites nodosus", and "Ceratites semipartitus" in ascending order. In Swabia and Franconia the highest beds are platy dolomites with "Tringonodus sandergensis" and the crustacean "Bairdia".
Fossil content.
In addition to the fossils mentioned above, the following are Muschelkalk forms: "Terebratulina vulgaris, Spiriferina Mantzeln" and "S. hirsute, Myophoria vulgaris, Rhynchotites hirundo, Ceratites Munsteri, Ptychites studeri, Balatonites balatonicus, Aspidura scutellate, Daonella Lommeli", and in the Alpine region several rock-forming Algae, "Baciryllium, Gyroporella, Diptopora", etc.
Exploration.
The salt beds are worked at Hall, Friedrichshall, Heilbronn, Szczecin and Erfurt. It is from this division that many of the mineral springs of Thuringia and south Germany obtain their saline contents.

</doc>
<doc id="2849130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849130" title="Don Kerr">
Don Kerr

Don Kerr is a Canadian multi-instrumentalist and record producer.
He was a member of Rheostatics from 1995 to May 2001. He plays in Ron Sexsmith's band, and sometimes with The Kelele Brothers. He and Sexsmith released an album together, "Destination Unknown", in 2005. He has also played in and mixed for The Hidden Cameras.
He attended the 2005 Juno Awards and sang a Christmas song on The Vinyl Cafe. 
He and Canadian writer Claudia Dey married in 2005, and they have one son. They live in Toronto, Ontario.
He formed a creative partnership with Kevin Lacroix in 2010 called Alphalpha Male.

</doc>
<doc id="2849136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849136" title="William Haile">
William Haile

William Haile (May 1807 – July 22, 1876) was an American merchant, manufacturer and politician from Hinsdale, New Hampshire. Born in 1807 in Putney, Vermont. Haile served in both houses of the New Hampshire legislature and as Governor of the state. Haile died in 1876 in Hinsdale, New Hampshire.
His son, William Henry Haile, would later serve as Lieutenant Governor of Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="2849140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849140" title="Guiseley A.F.C.">
Guiseley A.F.C.

Guiseley Association Football Club is an English football club based in Guiseley, West Yorkshire. They play in the Conference North.
History.
Founded in 1909 by a local group of enthusiasts, the club’s first success came in 1913 when they won the local Wharfedale League. Following the end of the First World War the club switched to the Leeds League, achieving little until 1924 when another switch, to the West Riding County Amateur Football League, eventually brought success. A treble of league championships followed in the 1930s as well as two appearances in the last 16 of the old F.A. Amateur Cup, against South Bank in 1932 and Cambridge Town (now City) in 1934.
A fourth league title was won in 1939, after which seventeen years were to elapse before the fifth, achieved in 1956. It was followed by another switch, to the West Yorkshire League, which heralded a remarkable run of success in the local Wharfedale Challenge Cup, the trophy being won on nine out of ten occasions in the 1960s.
They joined Division Two of the Yorkshire League in 1968 and were relegated to the newly formed Third Division in 1970. Having returned to the Second Division at the first attempt, they gained promotion to the First Division in 1974. Relegated from their first season, they return the following year as Yorkshire League Division Two Champions. They were Yorkshire League Runners-up in 1980 and 1982.
They were founder members of Northern Counties East League in 1982–83 and reached the FA Vase Semi-Final in 1990. They won it at Bramall Lane the following season, beating Gresley Rovers 3–1 in a replay after a 4–4 draw at Wembley Stadium along with the Northern Counties East League title, gaining promotion to the Northern Premier League Division One in 1991.
They reached the FA Vase Final again in 1992 this time as runners-up to Wimborne Town and won the Northern Premier League First Division in 1994, a season also marked by an FA Trophy semi-final appearance with Runcorn.
They stayed in the Premier Division until relegation in 2000 but returned to the top division in 2004. In the 2007–08 season, they narrowly missed out on a playoff place, finishing 6th, just one point behind Buxton.
Since 1990, they have reached the 4th Qualifying round of the FA Cup six times, reaching the 1st round proper in 2002–03, losing 0–4 at Luton Town. Reaching it again in the 2010–11 season beating Redditch United 2–1.
In August 2008, just one week before the start of their 2008–09 league season, the club's Nethermoor ground was attacked by arsonists. One third of the main stand was damaged in the early morning blaze. More than 40 seats and wooden flooring were destroyed, which would cost £20,000 to replace.
The Lions won the 2009–10 Northern Premier League on the last day of the season. A 2–0 victory over Ashton United coupled with Boston United drawing with Marine, meant that Guiseley will be playing in the Conference North during the 2010–11 season. This league championship victory capped their centenary year.
They had a great start to Conference North life and, as of the end of October 2010, they were third in the league. After a good FA cup run, they eventually lost 5–0 Crawley Town in the first round. They also had a good run in the FA Trophy, reaching the quarter finals before losing 1–0 at home to Luton Town. However, they did win the West Riding County Cup, beating Thackley at Valley Parade 4–2 after extra time.
As well as cup success, Guiseley defied expectations by finishing 5th in the league – their highest league placing in their history – and also earning themselves a place in the play-offs. In the play-off semi-finals they knocked out Boston United – winning the first leg 1–0 thanks to a Warren Peyton blockbuster. Guiseley lost the second leg 3–2 (after extra time) but the game was drawn on aggregate and Guiseley won the penalty shoot-out.
The play-off final against AFC Telford United was held at the New Bucks Head on 15 May. Guiseley lost the match 3-2 having led 2-1 with 12 minutes remaining.
Guiseley once again competed in the Conference North for the 2011–12 season. The club sold their top scorer for the 2010–11 season, James Walshaw to Conference Premier side Darlington FC
After boosting their squad in the summer of 2011, Guiseley announced they had re-signed James Walshaw in early 2012 from Darlington to bolster their push for promotion.
At the beginning of March 2012 Guiseley were 4th in the league, 12 points behind league leaders Hyde, but with three games in hand. Guiseley also progressed through to the West Riding Cup final for the second consecutive year. They were knocked out the FA Cup
by Ashington FC in the second qualifying round, a side three divisions below Guiseley. Entering 2012, Guiseley were once again performing well in the league- they also signed Chris Senior from Alfreton on loan and sold Michael Brough to local rivals Harrogate Town FC in December. Guiseley finished the season in 2nd place, narrowly losing the title to Hyde FC by five points. Guiseley went on to face Nuneaton in the play-off semi-final. They drew the first leg 1-1 away, and the tie score remained 1-1 after 90 minutes into the return leg at Nethermoor and the match entered extra time. However, an Andy Brown goal in the 118th minute for Nuneaton clinched the match. Nuneaton went on to secure promotion by beating Gainsborough Trinity 1-0 in the play-off final.
Guiseley started the new season with a 4–1 win over Histon FC, a 7–1 romping of Droylsden FC, and 2–0 wins over Gainsborough Trinity FC and Workington FC meaning they were top after four games. Consistent performances by Chester FC throughout the season resulted in them comfortably taking the league title and clinching promotion. Guiseley went on to finish in second place in the league for the second consecutive season, reaching the play-offs for the third season in a row. The Lions went on to lose their play-off sem-final tie against FC Halifax Town 3-1 on aggregate. Guiseley also enjoyed a good F.A Cup run in the 2012-13 campaign, reaching the First Round Proper for the second time in three seasons and the seventh time in the club's history, beating Bamber Bridge, Colwyn Bay and Buxton in the qualifying rounds. They were knocked out at this stage by Conference Premier side, Barrow, losing the replay 1-0 having drawn 2-2 in the first leg at Nethermoor Park.
At the start of the 2013-14 Conference North season, manager Steve Kittrick was sacked six matches into the new campaign, with Guiseley having accumulated 8 points. Mark Bower was subsequently appointed as his successor.
Stadium.
The club plays at Nethermoor Park, which has a capacity of 3,000, with a seated stand totalling 500 and two terraced stands however the club are looking towards extending the ground 
Current squad.
"Updated as of 22 May 2014."

</doc>
<doc id="2849153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849153" title="Michael Urbano">
Michael Urbano

Michael Urbano (born March 19, 1960, Sacramento, California, USA) is a studio drummer, band member, programmer, and record producer.
Career.
One of Urbano's first gigs was as a member of Bourgeois Tagg, a 1980s band that was fronted by Brent Bourgeois and Larry Tagg and included Lyle Workman as the guitarist. They had moderate success with their second album, "Yo-Yo", which was produced by Todd Rundgren, and featured the Top 40 hit, "I Don't Mind At All." When Bourgeois Tagg split, Michael, Larry, and Lyle recorded and toured with Todd Rundgren for his "Nearly Human" Tour.
While with John Hiatt (1995–1999), Urbano toured extensively as one of Hiatt's "Nashville Queens" that included bassist Davey Faragher (now with Elvis Costello) and guitarist David Immergluck (now with Counting Crows). The Nashville Queens also worked with Hiatt in the studio, recording "Walk On", "Little Head" and "Crossing Muddy Waters".
Urbano is perhaps best known today for being drummer for pop rock group Smash Mouth. He originally joined the band briefly in mid-1999, replacing original drummer Kevin Coleman, and performed during the first portion of their "Astro Lounge" tour, though was soon replaced by touring drummer Mitch Marine. When Marine departed, he joined Smash Mouth permanently in early 2000. He stayed for six years and departed on February 14, 2006. Before Smash Mouth, Urbano had played drums with The Spent Poets, The Kinetics, Deathray, Third Eye Blind, John Hiatt, Black Lab, Cracker, Paul Westerberg, Red House Painters, Willy DeVille, Camper Van Beethoven, and Sheryl Crow.
In 2006 Urbano left Smash Mouth due to creative differences. He recorded with Fischerspooner and played live with Cake as well as leading Artist Development at fuzz.com. In July 2007, he worked with Luciano Ligabue for recording a new song, "Niente paura". In early 2008 he became a band member with Luciano Ligabue, playing drums for the European Tour, and through mid-2008 in the main stadiums of Italy for the ElleSette tour. He was also in the band for the seven dates at Verona Arena in September and October 2008 with the Arena's orchestra, and during the same months of 2009 for ten concerts.
Urbano rejoined Smash Mouth in June 2009, but was replaced by Randy Cooke in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="2849162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849162" title="City Airport &amp; Heliport">
City Airport &amp; Heliport

City Airport is a general aviation airport in the Barton-upon-Irwell area of Eccles, in the City of Salford, Greater Manchester, England. Formerly known as both Barton Aerodrome and City Airport Manchester, it is known by the UK Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) as Manchester/Barton.
It is situated west of Manchester and was the United Kingdom's first purpose-built municipal airport. Featuring four grass runways, it is one of the busiest general aviation airports in the UK. The airfield operates seven days a week, from 9 am until sunset for fixed-wing aircraft. Commercial, private, military, police and air ambulance helicopters can operate during the hours of darkness by arrangement, as the airfield can be equipped with portable runway lighting.
The airport is also used as a refuelling stop for light aircraft and helicopters. However, it lies on the edge of Chat Moss and the aircraft movements area suffers from occasional periods of waterlogging, restricting fixed wing operations at those times. Recent works to improve drainage on the airfield have seen some success in reducing the number of closures.
Manchester Barton Aerodrome has a CAA Ordinary Licence (Number P886) that allows flights for the public transport of passengers or for flying instruction as authorised by the licensee (City Airport Limited). The aerodrome is not licensed for night use.
History.
City Airport has changed little since its opening, and is considered a good example of the airfields of the 1930s. There are several historical items of note at Barton; a small museum in the visitor centre displays documents from the history of the original Manchester Airport. The Bomber Command Association also has a display at the Barton Visitor Centre. The control tower is protected by its grade II listed building status, along with the original terminal building and hangar.
The airfield is regularly used as a setting for films and TV programmes, amongst them "Brass" (where Barton masqueraded as Croydon Airport), "Mersey Beat", "GBH" and "Island at War". The distinctive control tower often features prominently in the making of such programmes and films.
Use of City Airport by heavier aircraft is hampered by the soft peaty nature of the area, being located at the edge of Chat Moss, and would have needed much heavy work consolidating the ground (compare the struggle building the Liverpool and Manchester Railway across Chat Moss in 1826); also by the low-lying land and areas of nearby standing water encouraging fog.
During 2010–11, additional drainage was added to improve surface water draining, due to the original clay pipes deteriorating and no longer functioning.
Emergency services air support.
Both the Greater Manchester Police Air Support Unit and the North West Air Ambulance base a helicopter at the airfield. The Police Air Support Unit is active 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
North West Air Ambulance is a registered charity providing a regional medical air emergency service covering Lancashire, Greater Manchester, Cheshire, Merseyside and Cumbria. The NWAA has one EC135 helicopter based primarily to serve Greater Manchester, South Lancashire, Cheshire and Merseyside, a second helicopter will also be based from late 2013.
City Heliport.
In 2011, the airport opened its new 'City Heliport' facility, aimed at the commercial helicopter charter market, expanding and complementing the existing services provided at the Airport. The heliport features a dedicated jet A1 fuel facility, conference room, small office units and a dedicated passenger lounge. City Heliport (which is not licensed) can accept helicopters during the hours of darkness by arrangement. This facility is used particularly during football matches at nearby Old Trafford, (Manchester United) and City of Manchester Stadium (Manchester City). The airport is also an operating base for the North West Air Ambulance, and the Greater Manchester Police Helicopter also uses the Airport 24 hrs, using portable lighting which is placed on the runway during hours of darkness.
Rescue and fire fighting.
City Airport operates a Category 1 Rescue and Fire Fighting service with a Landrover Defender 130 fire tender (purchased 2011, supplied by Sidhean Teo) equipped to CAA Category 2 standard, and a Toyota Hilux Double Cab as a fire tender equipped with of foam/water mix.
Events.
In recent years, City Airport has re-commenced an annual 'Aviation Family Fun Day and Aircraft Fly-In' Event. In 2011, this event attracted aver 4000 visitors and raised £3,500 for the Royal Manchester Children's Hospital Charity.

</doc>
<doc id="2849163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849163" title="Othello (manga)">
Othello (manga)

The manga is titled after the board game Othello, and not the Shakespearian play. The game involves a lot of switching back and forth between black and white pieces, representing Yaya and Nana's constant flip-flop.
Plot.
Yaya is a shy, quiet teen with a passion for singing, Japanese rock music, gothic lolita, cosplay and music in general. But she has a secret: When she looks in a mirror or hits her head, Yaya's second personality, aptly named Nana, takes over her body and puts the wrong-doers in their places, shouting her catchphrase "Heavenly Punishment!" and once the damage is dealt, "Justice is done!"
The series chronicles Yaya and Nana's somewhat episodic adventures against bullies, perverts, and generally mean people. The manga also has a lot to do with music, as several of the characters have connections to the music industry or play in a band.
Though this is a different manga, Pon-chan (another manga, Guru-Guru Pon Chan, by the same author) shows up.
Characters.
Yaya has an interest in a visual kei band called Juliet and looks up to the lead singer of Juliet, even though the make-up band disappeared a while ago.
Release.
Written and illustrated by Satomi Ikezawa, the chapters of "Othello" were serialized in the Japanese magazine "Bessatsu Friend" and collected into seven "tankōbon" volumes by Kodansha. The volumes were published from August 6, 2001 to September 13, 2004.
Del Rey licensed "Othello" for an English-language release in North America and published the seven volumes from October 12, 2004 to February 28, 2006. In the United Kingdom, Tanoshimi published "Othello" from May 3, 2007 to November 1, 2007. The series is also licensed in Germany by Egmont Manga & Anime, and in France by Pika Édition.

</doc>
<doc id="2849164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849164" title="RAF Foulsham">
RAF Foulsham

The former Royal Air Force Station Foulsham, more commonly known as RAF Foulsham was a Royal Air Force station, a military airfield, 15 miles North-West of Norwich, in the English county of Norfolk, East Anglia, from 1942 to 1945.
History.
RAF Foulsham at Foulsham in Norfolk was built between 1941 and 1942 for No.2 Group RAF Bomber Command and opened in May 1942 and declared operational on 26 June 1942. Foulsham was one of the few airfields to be fitted with FIDO in 1944, a fog dispersal system which used fires at the sides of the runways.
The airfield was equipped with three tarmac and woodchip runways and 37 hardstandings. It also had 9 hangars, five of which were built for storing Horsa glider aircraft ready for D Day.
The first residents were No. 98 Squadron RAF and No. 180 Squadron RAF, flying North American Mitchell bombers. The station was then used by No. 3 Group RAF who used Short Stirling and Avro Lancaster bombers. No. 514 Squadron RAF was formed at Foulsham, flying Lancasters.
The station then became the home of No. 192 Squadron RAF, which was part of No. 100 Group RAF, an electronic warfare unit which had its headquarters at Bylaugh Hall. 192 Squadron was later joined by another 100 Group squadron, No. 462 Squadron, Royal Australian Air Force, which operated Handley Page Halifax aircraft.
During World War II, 45 aircraft based at RAF Foulsham were lost. Many aircraft made emergency landings at Foulsham, including USAAF B17 F "Ruthie II", which made an emergency landing there in 1943 after an epic return flight for which co-pilot John C. Morgan was awarded the highest U.S. medal, the Medal of Honor. The airfield remained the property of the Ministry of Defence until the 1980s.
Currently, the runway is occupied by two large chicken houses and a photographic and film studio producing adult movies operates from the old fire station on the east side of the airfield
Foulsham aircraft.
Several types of aircraft have operated out of Foulsham, among these:

</doc>
<doc id="2849167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849167" title="Chichevache">
Chichevache

The Chichevache is a mythological European monster fabled to feed on good women.
In Geoffrey Chaucer's "Canterbury Tales", this human-faced cow is perpetually starved to skin and bone due to the scarcity of obedient and faithful wives. The Bicorne or Bycorne, a counterpart to the Chichevache which fed on obedient and kind husbands, was reputedly fat and plump because of the plentiful supply of such men.
Chaucer may have borrowed the French term "chichifache" ("thin face") and put it with "vache" ("cow") to make the similar term "chichevache" ("thin or meagre cow"). D. Laing Purves notes that "The origin of the fable was French; but Lydgate has a ballad on the subject. 'Chichevache' literally means 'niggardly' or 'greedy cow.'" 
Here is the paragraph where the word appears, in the "Clerk's Tale":

</doc>
<doc id="2849169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849169" title="Lawson P. Ramage">
Lawson P. Ramage

Lawson Paterson "Red" Ramage (19 January 1909 – 15 April 1990) was a vice admiral in the United States Navy and a noted submarine commander during World War II. Ramage was decorated with the Medal of Honor and several other combat decorations during the war. He also served during the Korean War and the Vietnam War.
Early life and career.
Taking his nickname from his hair color, Ramage was born on 19 January 1909, in Monroe Bridge, Massachusetts. He graduated from the U.S. Naval Academy in 1931, having injured his right eye while wrestling, and was subsequently commissioned as an ensign in the U.S. Navy. From 1931 to 1935, he served aboard several surface ships. He was the navigator of , the engineering officer of , and the radio officer of . Unable to pass the submarine physical examination because of his eye injury, Stephen Moore quotes Ramage: "I took the opportunity to memorize the eye chart so that when I returned I had no problem reading off the eye chart" and getting his approval. Confronted with a subsequent eye examination, Ramage relates he passed the eye examination "by just exchanging the card before my right eye and reading with my left eye in both instances." In January 1936, Lieutenant (jg) Ramage reported to the ; he would then spend most of his career on submarines.
In 1938, Ramage returned to the Naval Academy for postgraduate education. In September 1939, Ramage became executive officer of , serving until February, 1941. Subsequent duty took him to Hawaii as the force communications and sound officer on the staff of Commander, Submarines Pacific Fleet (ComSubPac).
World War II.
Early service.
Ramage was highly decorated for heroism during World War II – the Medal of Honor, two Navy Crosses, and the Silver Star Medal. Ramage was stationed at Pearl Harbor on the staff of the Commander, Submarines, Pacific during the surprise Japanese attack on December 7, 1941.
In early 1942, he served on his first patrol of the war as the navigator of the . He was awarded the Silver Star Medal as a member of the "Grenadier"'s crew for "conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity" while patrolling enemy waters.
USS "Trout".
In June 1942, Lieutenant Commander Ramage assumed his first command, the . Under his command, the "Trout" conducted four war patrols and sank three Japanese ships. He was awarded the Navy Cross for extraordinary heroism while in command of the USS "Trout" at Midway, Truk, the Solomons, and the South China Sea. During his first patrol, "Trout"'s fifth, on 28 August 1942, he made the first attack that actually scored a hit on a Japanese aircraft carrier, this being the "Taiyo". Ramage found a virtue in his eye injury:I didn't have to fool around with the focus knob on the periscope. Before I raised it, I turned the knob all the way to the stop focus. When the scope came up, I put my bad eye to the periscope and could see perfectly.
Promoted to commander before his second patrol, Ramage and "Trout" intercepted the IJN battleship "Kirishima" on 12 November 1942. Though he fired five torpedoes, all missed.
On his third patrol, "Trout" damaged "Kyokuyo Maru" and "Nisshin Maru", and sank the "Hirotama Maru". The Hirotama battle was both a torpedo and deck gun engagement. Of the 14 torpedoes Ramage fired, five were duds. He joined other submarine commanders in his criticism of the Mark 14 torpedo.
Ramage's last "Trout" patrol, her eighth, in March 1943 was a washout. 15 torpedoes fired, with only one low-order detonation. It was Admiral Ralph W. Christie's view that, "Red had a miss last patrol—many chances and many failures. He is due for a relief and will be sent back to the U.S. for a new boat and rest at the same time."
USS "Parche".
In May 1943, Ramage assumed command of the new "Balao"-class submarine, the . Commissioned in November 1943 at Portsmouth Naval Shipyard, Kitery, Maine, "Parche" sailed to Pearl Harbor, Hawaii. "Parche"'s first patrol, in March 1944, was as part of a U.S. submarine wolfpack with and . The "sub" wolfpack sank seven enemy ships for 35,000 tons; Ramage was credited with two of them for 11,700 tons.
In June 1944, "Parche"'s second patrol was also as part of a wolfpack. This was the patrol that established Ramage's reputation. On 30 July 1944, the wolfpack made contact with an enemy convoy. In the dark hours before dawn on 31 July, for 48 minutes ("among the wildest of the submarine war")
Ramage cleared the bridge of all personnel except himself and steamed right into the enemy convoy on the surface, maneuvering among the ships and firing nineteen torpedoes. Japanese ships fired back with deck guns and tried to ram his submarine. With consummate seamanship and coolness under fire, Ramage dodged and twisted, returning torpedo fire for gunfire... the attack on the Japanese convoy by Red Ramage was the talk of the U.S. submarine force. In terms of close-in, furious torpedo shooting, there had never been anything like it before.
The "Parche" sank two enemy ships and badly damaged three others. For this action, Commander Ramage became the first living submariner Medal of Honor recipient, which was formally presented to him by President Franklin D. Roosevelt on 10 January 1945.
"Parche"'s third patrol, and Ramage's last, was comparatively uneventful, with no enemy ships sunk.
Medal of Honor citation.
For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty as commanding officer of the U.S.S. "Parche" in a predawn attack on a Japanese convoy, 31 July 1944. Boldly penetrating the screen of a heavily escorted convoy, Comdr. Ramage launched a perilous surface attack by delivering a crippling stern shot into a freighter and quickly following up with a series of bow and stern torpedoes to sink the leading tanker and damage the second one. Exposed by the light of bursting flares and bravely defiant of terrific shellfire passing close overhead, he struck again, sinking a transport by two forward reloads. In the mounting fury of fire from the damaged and sinking tanker, he calmly ordered his men below, remaining on the bridge to fight it out with an enemy now disorganized and confused. Swift to act as a fast transport closed in to ram, Comdr. Ramage daringly swung the stern of the speeding "Parche" as she crossed the bow of the onrushing ship, clearing by less than 50 feet but placing his submarine in a deadly crossfire from escorts on all sides and with the transport dead ahead. Undaunted, he sent 3 smashing "down the throat" bow shots to stop the target, then scored a killing hit as a climax to 46 minutes of violent action with the "Parche" and her valiant fighting company retiring victorious and unscathed.
Following the presentation, Commander Ramage created a certificate for each sailor in his command. The certificate read: The Captain wishes to emphasize the fact that the Medal of Honor was accepted from the President of the United States as the Nation's tribute to a fighting ship and her courageous crew. He feels that every officer and man whose loyal cooperation and able assistance contributed to the success of the "" has an equal share in this award which he holds in trust for you. With great pride and respect. Sincerely, L. P. RamageThe USS "Parche" was awarded a Presidential Unit Citation (9).
Post-war navy career.
After the war, he continued to serve in command of submarines, being commander of Submarine Division Two and then Commander of Submarine Squadron Six. From 1953–1954, he was commanding officer of the amphibious cargo ship . Following ascent to flag rank in July 1956, Admiral Ramage was on the staff of the Chief of Naval Operations, and then commander of Cruiser Division Two. In 1963, serving as Deputy Commander of Submarine Forces, Atlantic Fleet, Admiral Ramage led the search operations for the nuclear submarine that sank in the Atlantic Ocean near Boston, MA. That same year he was promoted to vice admiral, and became Deputy Chief of Naval Operations for fleet operations and readiness. Vice Admiral Ramage was Commander, First Fleet, from 1964 to 1966 during the buildup to the Vietnam War. In 1967, he become Commander, Military Sea Transportation Service. He retired from the Navy in 1969.
Personal life.
On 2 November 1935, Ramage married Barbara Alice Pine, the daughter of U.S. Coast Guard Vice Admiral James Pine. They had two sons and two daughters.
Ramage died in his home at Bethesda, Maryland, in 1990, having succumbed to cancer. He is buried in Arlington National Cemetery.
Posthumous honors.
The guided missile destroyer was named for him in 1994. Several submarine-related facilities were also named after him including the administrative building (Ramage Hall) of the Submarine Training Facility in Norfolk, Virginia and the headquarters building at Naval Submarine Base New London on August 20, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="2849174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849174" title="Meriwether, Louisville">
Meriwether, Louisville

Meriwether is a neighborhood two miles southeast of downtown Louisville, Kentucky, USA, and just east of the University of Louisville. It was laid out by David Meriwether in 1871 and the first houses were built in 1891. Nearly all of the homes are shotgun houses.
Its boundaries are the CSX railroad tracks to the north, Shelby Street to the east, E Brandeis Ave to the south and I-65 to the west. Lincoln Park and Preston Park are located in the neighborhood. It is commonly referred to as part of greater Schnitzelburg. Meriwether is also sometimes confused with Louisville's Germantown neighborhood.
Demographics.
As of 2000, the population of Meriwether was 1,442 , of which 64.9% are white, 29.8% are black, 4.2% are listed as other, & 1% are Hispanic. College graduates are 10.4% of the population, people w/o a high school degree are 23.9%, people with 1+ years of college w/o a degree are 13.6%. Females outnumber males 53% to 47%.

</doc>
<doc id="2849176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849176" title="Culture of Tanzania">
Culture of Tanzania

The culture of Tanzania includes the following:
Languages.
A total of 128 languages are spoken in Tanzania, most of them from the Bantu family. Swahili and English are the two official languages; however, Swahili is the national language. 
Given the conditions of the period, it was not possible to introduce Swahili in the entire educational system, because the scale of the task of writing or translating textbooks for primary schools was already considerable. As a result, English, the colonial language since the end of World War I, is still the language of high schools and universities. Many students leave school after finishing primary education.
Although the many non-official languages in Tanzania are not actively suppressed, they do not enjoy the same linguistic rights as Swahili. They also face language extinction, with one, the Kw'adza language, having no remaining speakers.
Literature.
Some writers include:
Music.
National anthem.
The Tanzanian national anthem is "Mungu Ibariki Afrika" (God Bless Africa), composed by South Africa's composer Enoch Sontonga. The song is also the national anthem of South Africa (with another tune), Zambia, and Zimbabwe.
Art music.
The music industry in Tanzania has seen many changes in the past ten years. With a fusion of local and foreign sonic traditions, Tanzanian musicians have grown in prominence within the African Great Lakes region. From artists such as "Dionys Mbilinyi", "Sabinus Komba", and many others, to new vibrant artists in R&B, pop, Zouk, Taarab, and dance music.
Imani Sanga is a composer, ethnomusicologist, church organist, and choral conductor.
"Mwakisinini Felix" contribute a lot in church music as a composer, trainer and choral conductor.
Arts.
Painting.
Tingatinga are popular Tanzanian paintings, painted with enamel paints on canvas. Usually the motifs are animals and flowers in colourful and repetitive design. The style was started by Mr. Edward Saidi Tingatinga born in South Tanzania. Later he moved to Dar es Salaam. Since his death in 1972, the Tingatinga style expanded both in Tanzania and worldwide. One of the most famous African artists were born in Tanzania, such as George Lilanga. Other recognized Tanzanian abstract artists are David Mzuguno, Haji Chilonga, Salum Kambi, Max Kamundi, Thobias Minzi, Robino Ntila, John Kilaka, Godfrey Semwaiko, Evarist Chikawe, and many others. (see also: http://www.artshost.org/rafiki)
Cartoon.
Tanzania's cartoons have a history that can be traced back to the work of pioneering artists, such as Christian Gregory with his "Chakubanga cartoons" in Uhuru newspaper in the 1970s and 1980s, and Philip Ndunguru in the early 1980s. Outspokenly political cartoons are of more recent date.
In the past decade, the art of cartoons and comics has really taken off in Tanzania. At present there are dozens of cartoonists, some of whom are well known throughout the country. From the 1960s so on, a number of artists prepared the way, and their names are cited by today's artists as essential influences, some of the known cartoonists in Tanzania are Ally Masoud 'kipanya', Sammi Mwamkinga, Nathan Mpangala 'Kijasti', King kinya, Adam Lutta, Fred Halla, James Gayo, Robert Mwampembwa, Francis Bonda, Popa Matumula, Noah Yongolo, Oscar Makoye, Fadhili Mohamed, and many others. (also see the excellent history of cartoons in Tanzania at the Worldcomics website: http://www.worldcomics.fi)
Sculpture.
George Lilanga, who died in 2005, was one of Tanzania's most famous sculptures. People in Tanzania often sculpt images of people and animals, usually out of clay or a metal.
Cuisine.
Tanzanian cuisine is both unique and widely varied. Along the coastal regions (Dar es Salaam, Tanga, Bagamoyo, Zanzibar, and Pemba), spicy foods are common, and there is also much use of coconut milk. Regions in Tanzania's mainland also have their own unique foods. Some typical mainland Tanzanian foods include rice ("wali"), ugali (maize porridge), chapati (a kind of bread), "nyama choma" (grilled meat), "mshikaki" (marinated beef), fish, pilau, biryani, and "ndizi-nyama" (plantains with meat). Commonly used vegetables include "bamia" (okra), "mchicha" (a kind of spinach), "njegere" (green peas), "maharage" (beans), and "kisamvu" (cassava leaves).
Famous Snacks: "maandazi" (fried dough), isheti, kashata, kebab ("kabaab"), samosa ("sambusa"), "mkate wa kumimina" (Zanzibar rice bread), vileja, vitumbua (rice patties), bagia, and many others.
Since a large proportion of Khoja Indians had migrated into Tanzania, a considerable proportion of Tanzanian cuisine has been influenced by Indian cuisine. Famous chefs such as Mohsin Asharia have revolutionized dishes such as "kashata korma tabsi" and "voodo aloo". Many Khoja Indians own restaurants in the heart of Dar es Salaam, and have been welcomed by indigenous Tanzanians.
Beverages - Many people drink tea ("chai") in Tanzania. Usually tea is drunk in the morning, during breakfast with chapati and maandazi, and at times at night during supper. Coffee is second, and is usually taken in the evening, when the sun is down, and people are on the front porch, playing cards or "bao". Many people drink coffee with "kashata" (a very sweet tasting snack made from coconut meat or groundnuts).
There are also local beverages depending on the different tribes and regions. 
Local Brews: for coastal regions, such as Tanga and Dar es Salaam, "mnazi/tembo" is widely consumed. Other brews include wanzuki and mbege among the Chagga, and lubisi, nkencha, nkonyagi, and mbandule among the Haya found on the shores of Lake Victoria.

</doc>
<doc id="2849187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849187" title="Japanese financial system">
Japanese financial system

The main elements of Japan's financial system are much the same as those of other major industrialized nations: a commercial banking system, which accepted deposits, extended loans to businesses, and dealt in foreign exchange; specialized government-owned financial institutions, which funded various sectors of the domestic economy; securities companies, which provided brokerage services, underwrote corporate and government securities, and dealt in securities markets; capital markets, which offered the means to finance public and private debt and to sell residual corporate ownership; and money markets, which offered banks a source of liquidity and provided the Bank of Japan with a tool to implement monetary policy.
Banks.
Japan's traditional banking system was segmented into clearly defined components in the late 1980s: commercial banks (thirteen major and sixty-four smaller regional banks), long-term credit banks (seven), trust banks (seven), mutual loan and savings banks (sixty-nine), and various specialized financial institutions. During the 1980s, a rapidly growing group of nonbank operations—such as consumer loan, credit card, leasing, and real estate organizations—began performing some of the traditional functions of banks, such as the issuing of loans.
In the early postwar financial system, city banks provided short-term loans to major domestic corporations while regional banks took deposits and extended loans to medium-sized and small businesses. Neither engaged much in international business. In the 1950s and 1960s, a specialized bank, the Bank of Tokyo, took care of most of the government's foreign-exchange needs and functioned as the nation's foreign-banking representative. Long-term credit banks were intended to complement rather than to compete with the commercial banks. Authorized to issue debentures rather than take ordinary deposits, they specialized in long-term lending to major "kaisha", or corporations. Trust banks were authorized to conduct retail and trust banking and often combined the work of commercial and long-term credit banks. Trust banks not only managed portfolios but also raised funds through the sale of negotiable loan trust certificates. Mutual loan and savings banks, credit associations, credit cooperatives, and labor credit associations collected individual deposits from general depositors. These deposits were then loaned to cooperative members and to the liquidity-starved city banks via the interbank money markets or were sent to central cooperative banks, which in turn loaned the funds to small businesses and corporations. More than 8,000 agricultural, forestry, and fishery cooperatives performed many of the same functions for the cooperatives. Many of their funds were transmitted to their central bank, the Norinchukin Bank, which was the world's largest bank in terms of domestic deposits.
In 1990, the five largest banks in the world, measured by total assets, were Japanese banks. These banks opened branches abroad, acquired existing foreign banks, and became engaged in new activities, such as underwriting Euro-yen bond issues. The investment houses also increased overseas activities, especially participating in the United States Treasury bond market (where as much as 25 to 30% of each new issue was purchased by Japanese investors in the late 1980s).
As of March 1989, the five largest city banks in Japan (in order of total fund volume) were Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank, Sumitomo Bank, Fuji Bank, Mitsubishi Bank, and Sanwa Bank.
Government institutions.
A group of government financial institutions paralleled the private banking sector. The Japan Export-Import Bank (JEXIM), the Japan Development Bank, and a number of finance corporations, such as the Housing Loan Corporation, promoted the growth of specialized sectors of the domestic economy. These institutions derived their funding from deposits collected by the postal savings system and deposited with the Trust Fund Bureau. The postal savings system, through the 24,000 post offices, accepted funds in various forms, including savings, annuities, and insurance. The post offices offered the highest interest rates for regular savings accounts (8% for time deposits in 1990) and tax-free savings until 1988, thereby collecting more deposits and accounts than any other institution in the world.
The Japan Bank for International Cooperation (JBIC) is the only government institution with an international focus. This bank provides financing for trade between Japan and developing countries, performing the function of export-import banks run by governments in other countries (including the United States), although its participation is possibly greater.
Securities.
Japan's securities markets increased their volume of dealings rapidly during the late 1980s, led by Japan's rapidly expanding securities firms. There were three categories of securities companies in Japan, the first consisting of the "Big Four" securities houses (among the six largest such firms in the world): Nomura, Daiwa, Nikko, and Yamaichi. The Big Four played a key role in international financial transactions and were members of the New York Stock Exchange. Nomura was the world's largest single securities firm; its net capital, in excess of US$10 billion in 1986, exceeded that of Merrill Lynch, Salomon Brothers, and Shearson Lehman combined. In 1986, Nomura became the first Japanese member of the London Stock Exchange. Nomura and Daiwa were primary dealers in the United States Treasury bond market. The second tier of securities firms contained ten medium-sized firms. The third tier consisted of all the smaller securities firms registered in Japan. Many of these smaller firms were affiliates of the Big Four, while some were affiliated with banks. In 1986 eighty-three of the smaller firms were members of the Tokyo Securities and Stock Exchange. Japan's securities firms derived most of their income from brokerage fees, equity and bond trading, underwriting, and dealing. Other services included the administration of trusts. In the late 1980s, a number of foreign securities firms, including Salomon Brothers and Merrill Lynch, became players in Japan's financial world.
Japanese insurance companies became important leaders in international finance in the late 1980s. More than 90% of the population owned life insurance and the amount held per person was at least 50% greater than in the United States. Many Japanese used insurance companies as savings vehicles. Insurance companies' assets grew at a rate of more than 20% per year in the late 1980s, reaching nearly US$694 billion in 1988. The life insurance companies moved heavily into foreign investments as deregulation allowed them to do so and as their resources increased through the spread of fully funded pension funds. These assets permitted the companies to become major players in international money markets. Nippon Life Insurance Company, the world's largest insurance firm, was reportedly the biggest single holder of United States Treasury securities in 1989.
Stock Exchange.
The Tokyo Securities and Stock Exchange became the largest in the world in 1988, in terms of the combined market value of outstanding shares and capitalization, while the Osaka Stock Exchange ranked third after those of Tokyo and New York. Although there are eight stock exchanges in Japan, the Tokyo Securities and Stock Exchange represented 83% of the nation's total equity in 1988. Of the 1,848 publicly traded domestic companies in Japan at the end of 1986, about 80% were listed on the Tokyo Securities and Stock Exchange.
Two developments in the late 1980s helped in the rapid expansion of the Tokyo Securities and Stock Exchange. The first was a change in the financing of company operations. Traditionally large firms obtained funding through bank loans rather than capital markets, but in the late 1980s they began to rely more on direct financing. The second development came in 1986 when the Tokyo exchange permitted non-Japanese brokerage firms to become members for the first time. By 1988 the exchange had sixteen foreign members. The Tokyo Securities and Stock Exchange had 124 member companies in 1990. In 1990, five types of securities were traded on the Tokyo exchange: stocks, bonds, investment trusts, rights, and warrants alone.
Japan's stock market dealings exploded in the 1980s, with increased trading volume and rapidly rising stock prices. The trading recorded by the Nikkei 225 stock average, compiled by the Nihon Keizai Shimbun (Japan Economic Daily), grew from 6,850 in October 1982 to nearly 39,000 in early 1990. During one six-month period in 1986, total trade volume on the Tokyo exchange increased by 250% with wild swings in the Nikkei. After the plunge of the New York Stock Exchange in October 1987, the Tokyo average dropped by 15%, but there was a sharp recovery by early 1988. This was the height of the Japanese asset price bubble, which collapsed in the year 1990, and was followed by the lost decade.

</doc>
