<doc id="2881381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881381" title="Boom Crash Opera">
Boom Crash Opera

Boom Crash Opera are a pop-rock band formed in early 1985. Initially they were based around the songwriting partnership of Richard Pleasance on guitar, bass guitar and vocals; and Peter Farnan on guitar, bass guitar, keyboards, and vocals. Pleasance left in 1992 to pursue a solo career. The group includes Dale Ryder on lead vocals; Peter 'Maz' Maslen on drums, percussion and vocals; Greg O'Connor on keyboards and guitar; and from 1992 Ian Tilley on bass guitar and vocals.
Their top 20 albums are "Boom Crash Opera" (September 1987), "These Here Are Crazy Times" (October 1989), and "Fabulous Beast" (March 1993). Their top 20 singles are "Great Wall", "Hands up in the Air" (both 1986), "Onion Skin" (1989) and "Gimme" (1994). In the United States "Onion Skin" reached No. 8 on the "Billboard" component chart, Modern Rock Tracks. Australian musicologist, Ian McFarlane, noted that the group had a "strong visual image and the uncanny ability of its principal songwriters to pen catchy, commercial songs ensured a string of successful releases".
Formation and early years.
Boom Crash Opera were formed in early 1985 in Melbourne with a line up of Peter Farnan on guitar, keyboards and backing vocals (ex-Urtle Urtle Urtle, Serious Young Insects); Peter Maslen on drums, percussion and backing vocals (ex-One Hand Clapping); Greg "Spock" O'Connor on keyboards and guitar; Richard Pleasance on bass guitar, guitar and backing vocals (ex-Government Drums, Serious Young Insects, Bang, One Hand Clapping); and Dale Ryder on lead vocals.
Serious Young Insects had formed in 1980 with Farnan on vocals and guitar, Michael Vallance on bass guitar and Mark White on drums. Australian musicologist, Ian McFarlane, described Serious Young Insects as a "quirky, three-piece Melbourne new wave band". They issued an album, "Housebreaking" (May 1982), and three singles. Lisa Perry of "The Canberra Times" praised the album "several times I had to check the cover to see if there were not also some session musos or others contributing to the sounds I was hearing. For a three-piece combo, these lads sure make a good sound". Pleasance, a classically trained guitarist, was a fan and briefly joined the group before it broke up in the following year.
In September 1985 three Australian journalists, Paul Gardiner, Jane Gardiner and Toby Creswell, listed twelve groups as The Next Big Thing, with Boom Crash Opera described as "name that stands out ... a Melbourne band that has every A-and-R man and his dog salivating. There are some other bands which, if not attracting the same sort of frenetic endorsement, are nevertheless on the minds of the scouts".
Farnan described his fellow band mates, other than Pleasance, to "The Canberra Times" Pollyanna Sutton in May 1986 "he others are sort of from nowhere ... Mas, Peter Maslin the drummer, has done a lot of sessions, he met Richard in this avante-garde band called One Hand Clapping. Then they played together with Vanessa Fields for a while. Dale came out of the blue, he has done some singing with bands but never had a serious crack at it until now. Greg is literally from nowhere. He was in a couple of other bands as a guitarist. He took the keyboards up, then approached us ... He is a totally off-the-wall sort of keyboard player and it really complemented what we were doing".
From "Great Wall" to Pleasance leaving.
Boom Crash Opera were signed to WEA and in April 1986 they released their debut single "Great Wall", which was produced by Steve Brown. "Great Wall" reached No. 5 on the Australian Kent Music Report Singles Chart in the next month. The track was written by Ryder, Pleasance and O'Connor. According to Farnan: "Richard wrote the music and Dale helped him finish the words, but they did not know what they wanted to write about so I suggested they write about the Hume Weir. Like, it isn't specifically about the Hume Weir but they used the idea about a dam wall that dams up fear and prejudice, it is also the wall that shores up relationship". McFarlane described it as an "exuberant" single, which "established the hallmarks of sound: the tight, funky rock of the music, the boom-like crack of the drums and the work song chant of the vocals". The group toured the Australian pub rock circuit promoting the single.
Their second single, "Hands up in the Air", followed in August, which peaked at No. 16. It was written by Pleasance, Ryder and Farnan; and was produced by Brown. A music video was directed by Kimble Rendall (ex-XL Capris, Hoodoo Gurus). At the ARIA Music Awards of 1987 the group were nominated for three awards: Highest Selling Single for "Great Wall", Best New Talent for both singles, and Best Video for "Hands up in the Air". At the "Countdown" Music and Video Awards of 1986, held in July 1987, "Great Wall" won Best Debut Single. A self-titled debut album, followed in September 1987, which was recorded in London and produced by Alex Sadkin (Grace Jones, James Brown, Simply Red, Talking Heads). Both "Great Wall" and "Hands up in the Air" were remixed for their album versions. After recording the album Sadkin travelled to the Bahamas to work, where he died in a car accident in July.
"Boom Crash Opera" reached No. 17 on the Kent Music Report Albums Chart, and was certified as a gold album. Stuart Coupe of "The Sydney Morning Herald" reported there were "impressive notices" for the album and that the group had "been tipped for mega-stardom". Follow-up singles were "City Flat" (June 1987), "Her Charity" (September) and "Love Me to Death" (March 1988), which were "minor hits". Coupe felt that "City Flat" was "of the more outstanding tracks" and it "appears to paint a fairly bleak picture of [their home town". Allmusic's Kevin Hayes compared their sound to Tears for Fears, Icehouse and INXS. He felt it was an "impressive debut. Pete Maslen's drumming keeps pulse. A pensive guitar leads into the most brilliant of bridges and a lilting melody underpinned by Richard Pleasance's strong bassline". However "Hands up in the Air" was "musically strong but weak in its lyrics ... It's a wonder it made the album, let alone became a single ... has a teeny naïveté".
In August 1989 they released a single, "Onion Skin", ahead of their second album "These Here Are Crazy Times" (October), which was produced by Jimmy Lovine, Pete Smith and Pleasance, and mixed by Nick Launay. The album reached No. 10 on the ARIA Albums Chart, it spent 40 weeks in the Top 50, and achieved a double platinum certificate. Allmusic's Jonathan Lewis opined that "was slick, commercial pop. As in previous outings, lead singer Dale Ryder's effortless (although somewhat limited) vocal delivery and Richard Pleasance's skillful guitar work helped disguise the fact that underneath the catchy melodies and slick production, there wasn't a lot of substance to music". "Onion Skin" peaked at No. 11 on the ARIA Singles Chart and was followed by four more singles, "Get out of the House" (September), "The Best Thing" (December), "Dancing in the Storm" (April 1990) and "Talk About It" (July).
In 1990 they released a compilation album, "Look! Listen!!", which featured remixed versions of songs from their first two albums plus two new songs. At the end of that year Pleasance was diagnosed with tinnitus and was unable to perform with the group. He was temporarily replaced on bass guitar by former band mate from Serious Young Insects, Vallance. During his break from the band, in 1991, Pleasance released his debut solo album, "Galleon". Late that year Boom Crash Opera released a four-track extended play, "Dreams on Fire", with both Pleasance and Vallance aboard. The EP was produced by Keith Forsey and the band; it appeared on the ARIA Singles Chart Top 50, and featured the track, "Holy Water". In 1992 they travelled to Los Angeles and began work on a follow-up album, "Fabulous Beast". However, during early writing sessions, Pleasance left the band and returned to Australia; he was temporarily replaced by Dorian West on bass guitar (ex-Wildland).
"Fabulous Beast" to "Gizmo Mantra".
After Boom Crash Opera returned from L.A. Ian Tilley joined on bass guitar, keyboards and backing vocals, as the permanent replacement for Pleasance. In late 1992 they released a single, "Bettadaze". The track was written by Farnan and O'Connor and early in 1993 the Liberal Party wanted to use it for their federal election campaign theme but were refused permission. "Bettadaze" was followed in March by the related album, "Fabulous Beast", which was produced by Forsey, Don Gehman, and the group. It peaked at No. 15, while it provided two further singles "In the Morning" (April) and "This Isn't Love" (June). "The Canberra Times" Bevan Hannan noted the album's "overall strength" was "especially evident when you compare it to" their previous work. It had an "acoustic flavour" which Hannan found "striking" with "In the Morning" as the "best example" of the style.
The group toured Australia to promote the album and its singles and were "road testing songs". In October they headlined the World's Biggest Barbie in Canberra with Weddings Parties Anything as their support act. Farnan described how they had been "flogging our wares" to Nicole Leedham of "The Canberra Times". He noted that "Rock and Roll bands are strange, creative beasts ... We indulge ourselves now and again and take a radical left-hand turn and get off the track". He remembered playing alongside Weddings Parties Anything "started at about the same time as us and we were sharing bits of equipment while we were both getting established". Mark Wallace, piano accordionist of the latter group, agreed that the two bands had an affinity but "[we haven't seen them for a couple of years". O'Connor left Boom Crash Opera to further his education.
The four remaining members: Farnan, Maslen, Ryder, and Tilley, continued the band and in October 1994 they issued a single, "Gimme", on their newly signed label, BMG. It reached No. 14 and was followed by their next single, "Tongue Tied", which appeared in the top 30 in February 1995. The parent album, "Born", appeared later that month, which was produced by Farnan and Neil Wiles. It was issued in a double CD package with space reserved for a second disc, "Born Again", which was due to be released in April. McFarlane declared the album was a "tougher affair which found the band embracing hi-tech pop, techno-metal and all manner of sound effects and cyberpunk studio trickery". Although "Gimme" had received generous radio airplay and the album had reached the top 40, BMG scrapped the release of the second part, "Born Again".
In November 1997 Boom Crash Opera released a studio album, "Gizmo Mantra", which was produced by Daniel Denholm, Kalju Tonuma and the group. Pulling back from the electronic sounding previous album, "Gizmo Mantra" was a return to the melodic rock sounds of earlier work. It included the singles, "All" and "Dreaming up a Fire" - the latter had been written by Farnan and Pleasance at the time of the "Dreams on Fire" sessions. However "Gizmo Mantra" failed to reached the top 50. McFarlane noted that "after 1997 band disappeared from view" but during their main career they had a "strong visual image and the uncanny ability of its principal songwriters to pen catchy, commercial songs ensured a string of successful releases".
Later works.
Boom Crash Opera continued performing and releasing material. In November 1998 BMG issued a compilation album, "The Best Things – Greatest Hits", which featured their singles from previous albums plus two tracks, "Soundtrack" and "Radio", from their unreleased album, "Born Again".
In 2002 Robert Doyle the Opposition Leader of Victoria used "Dancing in the Storm" as his theme during the Liberal Party's state election campaign launch in November. The band were not asked their permission, and would have refused if asked according to Pleasance who had co-written the track with Farnan. He said the pair would consult their lawyers "about possible copyright action". Pleasance opined that the group would not allow any political party to use their music, "It's just not what the songs are about". The Liberal Party's campaign failed: Steve Bracks and his Australian Labor Party won the election.
In 2008 Hook N Sling released a dance re-make of the 1989 single, "The Best Thing", featuring on Ministry of Sound Sessions 5. On 5 April 2009 the group performed at Alistair Knox Park, Eltham for A Day of Healing – a benefit concert to support the Country Fire Authority and affected communities following the Black Saturday bush fires. During those bush fires the group had been in Pleasance's studio in Hepburn Springs, recording an acoustic disc for "Dancing in the Storm".
On 1 May 2009 Boom Crash Opera released "Dancing in the Storm" as part of the Liberation Blue series. It comprises a compilation CD with acoustic re-workings of their songs and a live DVD recorded during the Fabulous Beast Tour. The acoustic disc had the line up of Ryder on vocals, Farnan on acoustic guitar, Maslen on drums, O’Connor on piano and mandolin, Pleasance on acoustic bass guitar, acoustic guitar, mandolin, sitar and Oud, and Tilley on bass guitar. Pleasance guested with the band for the first time since 1992. The live DVD was from a performance for MTV Australia's "Unplugged", at Melbourne's Channel Nine studios, back in June 1993. Both discs were engineered and produced by Pleasance. The band promoted "Dancing in the Storm" with a national tour.
The band's song "Dancing in the Storm" was used in 2010 for the Mt Franklin Water TV ad. On 12 February 2012 the group performed at the St Kilda Festival. On 23 November 2013 they performed at the Tuggeranong Festival.
Careers outside the band.
After the 1993 tour promoting "Fabulous Beast", Boom Crash Opera took a break. Farnan had produced the debut album, "This Is The Sharp" (September 1993), for The Sharp, a three piece pop-rock band from Collingwood. He has also produced and written with artists such as Rachael Kane, and Cade.
O'Connor decided to return to full-time study at the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology. By 1995 he was a freelance graphic designer, he has provided cover art for Merril Bainbridge's debut album "The Garden" (July 1995) and various John Farnham albums.
Maslen has performed live and/or as a recording drummer for various Australian artists including: Natalie Imbruglia, Delta Goodrem, Mark Seymour, Men at Work, The Seekers, Belinda Emmett, Archie Roach, Bodyrockers, Icehouse, Jimmy Barnes, Diesel, Jimmy Little and Braindead Lovers.
Pleasance's 1991 solo album, "Galleon", included contributions from Paul Hester and Deborah Conway. It was critically acclaimed and received five nominations at the ARIA Music Awards of 1992. Pleasance then promoted the album, as a support act on Elvis Costello's tour of Australia. Pleasance co-produced and performed on the debut album by Deborah Conway, "String of Pearls". In 1995 Pleasance released his second solo album, "Colourblind". In 1998 Pleasance wrote and produced the theme for the popular Australian TV series, "SeaChange".

</doc>
<doc id="2881386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881386" title="Giant octopus (disambiguation)">
Giant octopus (disambiguation)

Giant octopus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2881388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881388" title="Smooth-toothed pocket gopher">
Smooth-toothed pocket gopher

The smooth-toothed pocket gophers, genus Thomomys, are so called because they are among the only pocket gophers without grooves on their incisors. They are also called the Western pocket gophers because they are distributed in western North America. They are considered distinct enough from other pocket gophers to be recognized as a separate subfamily or tribe.
Natural history.
"Thomomys" gophers are highly fossorial. They rely on their incisors for digging more than most other gophers. They feed on plants, largely from beneath the surface, but they do come above ground at night. Roots, stems, leaves, and bulbs are eaten. When not directly in an agricultural field they are a benefit to humans by enriching soil and preventing runoff.
Species.
Over one hundred subspecies have been described, but not all are currently recognized by modern authorities. Like many fossorial rodents, "Thomomys" shows a great deal of allopatric variation.
General Characteristics.
"Thomomys", commonly referred to as pocket gophers, are a group of rodents belonging to the Family Geomydae. "Thomomys" are unique from other gophers in that they have smooth upper incisors, free of the grooves that are common throughout other species. All species and genera share the trait of fur-lined, external cheek pockets that allow them to move food material to and from their underground dwellings. The size varies among species, but commonly ranges from the size of a smaller mole to a larger rat. Coloration can range from yellow, to grey, to brown, and even black. They are all full-bodied with squat legs, short hair, and small eyes and ears.
Pocket gophers have special visual adaptations to match their extreme and unique subterranean lifestyle. Though the size of their eyes are typical for rodents, the lens is able to transmit light rays that fall into the ultraviolet category. They possess three different photopigments: two cone pigments specific to 367 nm and 505 nm, and a rod pigment at 495 nm. Overall, the pocket gophers have less rod density than nocturnal rodents.
Habitat.
"Thomomys" inhabit Southwestern Canada, the Western United States, and a large percentage of Mexico. They thrive in fertile land often used for agriculture, but can be found in many different localities. They prefer areas with high primary productivity and nitrogen soil concentrations.
Diet.
They are fossorial herbivores that consume an extensive amount of food for their body size. This could be due to the fact that they expend copious amounts of energy excavating and maintaining their elaborate tunnel systems. It is estimated that their subterranean lifestyle requires them to use 360-3400 times the amount of energy required for above ground living. 
They selectively consume underground parts of perennial and annual grasses, forbs, and woody plants. They are also known to forage above ground, usually close to their burrow entrances. They are choosy and prefer certain species and parts of plants, perhaps due to their high daily energy expenditure.
Behavior and Environmental Effects.
Tunneling and mounds.
"Thomomys" pocket gophers live underground and create extensive systems of tunnels through which they traverse. They move earth from below ground, and deposit it above ground in piles known as mounds. In snowy regions, they create tunnels through the snow known as earthcores. Earthcores and mounds together can cover up to 30% of the surface in highly excavated areas. The most prominent ecological effect would be that of their tunneling and mounds. The mounds are thought to increase ecological diversity of plants by providing a space for fugitive species that would otherwise have been eliminated due to competition over time. The flora of mounds differs noticeably from the surrounding areas, often with increased numbers of forbs and annuals. The actual mound soil differs in composition from that of the surrounding area as well, creating a different texture and water-holding potential. The ecological impact of this is still relatively unexplored.
Effects on Agriculture and Development.
"Thomomys" pocket gophers are able to alter the mineral availability, organic molecule concentration, texture, and moisture content of soil. This can be either a benefit or a nuisance depending on the soil condition and usage. In arid or semi-arid environments, these changes enhance vegetation growth and soil quality. They are thought to be able to help generate and regenerate prairie lands that have degraded. However, they are commonly known as pests in areas of agriculture and development. They have and can cause a heavy loss to farmers by consuming the roots or underground crops themselves. Farmers try to control and limit their population in crop areas using a variety of means. In the wild however, their presence is encouraged and advantageous.
Control and eradication.
There are many different methods that have been used to try and eliminate overpopulation of pocket gophers in certain areas. These include, but are not limited to chemicals, propane blasting, and trapping. A park in Penn Valley, CA installed owl boxes to encourage the habitation of barn owls, a natural pocket gopher predator.
UC Davis suggests the first step to be use of a gopher probe to locate the main burrow. Then a shovel can be used to widen the opening to the main burrow and traps can be set at opposite directions within the burrow. There are a wide array of different traps that can be used, including the choker-style box trap and the pincher trap. Baiting the trap is not always necessary, though it may afford you quicker or better results. If desired, lettuce and other vegetables can be used as the bait. It is then best to cover the traps with canvas or dirt to conceal the light. If there has been no success within two days, it is advised to move and reset the traps. Toxic baits can also be used, however the strategy for placement is different from that of the non-toxic traps.
Fumigation is usually unsuccessful because gophers can quickly seal off their burrows at the first sign of fumes. The exception to this is fumigation with aluminum phosphide, however this can only be done by a professional.
Gas explosives and flooding have commonly been utilized to force gophers from their burrows, and while sometimes successful, are not guaranteed against full eradication.

</doc>
<doc id="2881389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881389" title="Dar Al Fouad">
Dar Al Fouad

Dar Al-Fouad (Arabic: دار الفؤاد - 'The House of the Heart') is a hospital in Giza, Egypt, on the outskirts of Cairo. It offers cardiothoracic surgery, cardiology, oncology, organ transplant, and orthopedic departments. 
Dar Al Fouad Hospital (DAFH) provides medical and surgical care to patients. DAFH also collaborates with medical institutions, such as the American Cleveland Clinic.
DAFH’s top medical care and hospital management was recently granted accreditation by the Joint Commission International (JCI). The hospital was founded in 1999.
Projects.
Dar Al Fouad is rapidly expanding throughout the region in order to serve additional communities. Projects are underway in Egypt (Nasr City), Kuwait, Saudi Arabia (Jeddah, Riyadh), Libya, Sudan, Oman, Abu Dhabi and Bahrain. In addition, Dar Al Fouad is conducting a feasibility study on the development of a nursing college in Egypt.

</doc>
<doc id="2881395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881395" title="K-Zone">
K-Zone

K-Zone (commonly abbreviated as KZ or K-Z) is a magazine in Australia, New Zealand, The Philippines and Malaysia. It is aimed at children aged 8–16. It is published by Pacific Magazines and Summit Media in the Philippines.
Background.
The magazine is run by Daniel Findlay, Editor, Emily Howes, Deputy Editor, Cassie Steel, Features Writer and Sub-Editor, Glen Downey, Art Director, and the amazingly talented Cindy Dang, Designer. The magazine has been published monthly for several years now, and the first official issue of this magazine was published in 1999.
Each month, K-Zone features regular sections: Comics, Prank Patrol, GameZone, Jokes, Big Screen and more. The magazine also features the latest in music, TV, movies, books and DVD's. There are also temporary categories for special events, such as the Olympic Games, Australian Idol, Celebrity Idols, etc. In April 2005, K-Zone started the section 'GameZone. It contains reviews, news and cheats about videogames. Also, all of the competitions in "K-Zone" have a fair chance of play, with little or no competitions relying solely upon luck itself. In the October 2006 issue the magazine changed its style and logo. This also occurred in the January 2007 issue of the Philippine edition.
"K-Zone"'s sister magazine is "Total Girl", both sharing similarities such as competitions and attached freebies.
Books.
The K-Zone staffs also publishes books that are also for ages 7+ and each of them are titled as:
ALMANAC Books - is a book that contains facts. Some Filipinos complained about the book because of the pages are easily teared of the book.
BOREDOM BUSTERS Books - is a book that contains activities that readers can do.
Philippine Edition.
The Philippine edition of K-Zone was first released in October 2002 and is published by "Summit Media". 
The content of the Philippine Edition is almost remarkably the same with the Australian version but more on gaming, anime, international and local celebrities. Changes will show upon every issue collected by the collector.
In mid-July 2004, K-Zone Philippines launched a forum called "K-Zone Headquarters" (KHQ for short), an online forum for readers of the magazine. The forum is used to discuss the content for every issue of the magazine and contribute various content for the magazine. 
As of May 8, 2010, KHQ experience database error, as well as other website forums from "Summit Media". However, no word was heard from the K-Zone staff about what date it will be fixed. But the problem was fixed on May 11, 2010 as of the afternoon.
The Philippine K-Zone contains the following (as of 2012-present):
Many other pages contains information in celebrities, anime and many more. On their August 2010 issue, K-Zone went 3-D. The magazine also has its own "robot-mascot", called K-LEB (K-Zone's Loopy Experimental 'Bot), who appears in his own comics in the Comic Section of the magazine. On the January 2012 issue, K-LEB was altered and is now called K-LEB 2.0.There are other robots, they are: KAYLA has a crush on K-LEB, EVIL K-LEB is the nemesis of K-LEB, CHEESE-LEB is a cheese K-LEB and MINI-LEB is K-LEB's sidekicks.

</doc>
<doc id="2881398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881398" title="Railroad Wars">
Railroad Wars

Railroad Wars are very common in American history. Although they were usually little more than legal disputes inside a courtroom, they sometimes turned into armed conflicts. There has been competition between railroad companies since the beginning of railroading in the United States, but violent confrontations were most common in the final quarter of the 19th century, particularly in the Old West.
Wars.
Placer County Railroad War.
One of the first railroad wars in Old West history was the Placer County Railroad War in California. In 1864, the Sacramento Valley Railroad and the Central Pacific Railroad began competing for the ownership of a road from Ashland to a point just outside of Auburn Station, which was in the process of being abandoned by the Sacramento, Placer and Nevada Railroad. Because the Sacramento Valley company was in need of American-made rail for use in the First Transcontinental Railroad, the abandonment of the Sacramento, Placer and Nevada road gave them an opportunity to purchase new rail cheaply. To the contrary, the Central Pacific was interested in completing the road to Auburn.
In order to stop the destruction of the road by the Sacramento Valley company, Central Pacific convinced a local Welshman named Griffith Griffith, who owned a granite quarry along the road, to sue the former for threatening his business. Griffith was successful and on June 15, 1864, he received a court order to stop the destruction of the road. The Sacramento Valley company ignored the order though and on July 2 they began disassembling the road for use elsewhere.
In response, the sheriff of Placer County assembled his deputies and arrested some railroad workers at Auburn Station. However, on July 9, the disassembling of the road was resumed so the deputies attempted to stop it again. But, before they were successful, the Justice of Lincoln arrived and arrested the deputies for disturbing the peace. When he learned of this, the sheriff of Placer County ordered the Auburn Greys, a local militia, to pick up where his deputies had left off. During the following encounter, the militia opened fire on a crew of workers as they were removing the tracks. Others were arrested and put in jail. The road was safe for the time being, but, soon after, the California Supreme Court got involved and sided with the Sacramento Valley Railroad. Now that the Sacramento Valley company had permission from the state to continue removing the road, the Central Pacific was forced to build their own line to Auburn, which was completed on May 13, 1865.
Colorado Railroad War.
The Colorado Railroad War, also known as the Royal Gorge Railroad War, was fought in the late 1870s between the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway and the smaller Denver and Rio Grande company. In 1878, the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe was competing against the Denver and Rio Grande to put the first line through Raton Pass. Both railroads had extended lines into Trinidad, Colorado and the pass was the only access to continue on to New Mexico. There was a great deal of legal maneuvering, and even threatened violence between rival gangs of railroad workers. To break the impasse, Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe hired a number of local gunfighters in February 1878. Faced with this threat, and running out of money, the Denver and Rio Grande was forced to cede the pass to its rivals. The initial dispute was over without a shot being fired. However, the next year a silver strike in Leadville brought the struggle back to life.
Now both railroads were competing to put track along the narrow Royal Gorge. The Denver and Rio Grande had hired its own gunfighters so the Atchison Topeka and Santa Fe decided to strengthen its forces. On March 20, 1879 the railroad hired Bat Masterson to put together a group of gunmen. Masterson's force included such famous fighters as Doc Holliday, Ben Thompson, Dave Rudabaugh and Mysterious Dave Mather, as well as about seventy others. This impressive force had great success through early June 1879, but, on June 10, the Fourth Judicial Circuit ruled in favor of the Denver and Rio Grande, changing matters entirely. With the assistance of the sheriffs in the counties through which the railroads passed, the Denver and Rio Grande mounted an attack on its rival's forces. There was heavy fighting at the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe's garrisons in Colorado. The garrisons in Denver and Colorado Springs fell quickly. Masterson's headquarters in Pueblo held out the longest, but they eventually conceded defeat. Later there were some bloodless skirmishes, but the war was essentially over with the Denver and Rio Grande in control of the Royal Gorge.
Enid-Pond Creek Railroad War.
The Enid-Pond Creek Railroad War was a dispute between the citizens of two Oklahoma counties and the Rock Island Railroad. In the late 1880s, the Rock Island Railroad built a line into the Indian Territory, entering near Caldwell, Kansas and following the Chisholm Trail. At part of the infrastructure, the company established railroad stations near several of the existing stagecoach stations along the trail. Two of the stations, Pond Creek, built at Pond Stage Stand on Round Pond Creek, and Enid, built at Skeleton Station near the Skeleton Ranch headquarters, would become involved in a controversy between the railroad and the United States Department of the Interior.
The problems began when the Department of the Interior set about opening the Cherokee Outlet to settlement. Hoping to lessen the problem of county seat wars, a common event in newly settled areas of the Old West, the Department of the Interior divided the Cherokee Outlet into counties and assigned them county seats. Pond Creek was chosen as the seat of "L" County and Enid became the seat of "O" County. Following the announcement of the official county seats, several Cherokee citizens began claiming land allotments, choosing sites near Pond Creek and Enid. Subsequently, railroad officials were accused of conspiring with the Cherokee to speculate on town development. Accordingly, officials in the Department of the Interior moved the government approved towns to different locations nearby, effectively creating two new towns.
A land run opened the Cherokee Outlet in 1893 and settlers, mostly from Kansas, occupied all four town sites; railroad Pond Creek, government Pond Creek, railroad Enid, or North Enid, and government Enid, or South Enid. The Rock Island Railroad responded to the government's action by refusing to stop trains at the government towns. Initially, the citizens in both government towns protested to get the railroad to provide them service and the Oklahoma Territorial government and United States House of Representatives supported them. However, the United States Senate took the railroad's side and refused to act. Government officials then informed the Rock Island Railroad that they had to furnish mail service to the two government towns. The Rock Island company responded by installing a type of hook on their trains to pick up and deliver mail without having to slow down. So when the mail pouches broke open, furious citizens claimed it was done intentionally. Not long after that, the people of Enid passed an ordinance setting a speed limit for trains passing through the town, but the Rock Island Railroad ignored it. Citizens in both government towns began attempting to flag down trains, placing dummies on the tracks, and leaving wagons and debris across the rails. But when that failed, the citizens resorted to violence. In June 1894, the people of Pond Creek tore up about a hundred yards of railroad and wrecked a freight train. By July, citizens were shooting at passing trains and placing bombs on the railroad tracks. Later that month, a group of unknown assailants sawed partially through a number of wooden supports on the trestle near Enid, which led to the wrecking of another freight train.
To restore order, men of the United States Marshals Service and United States Army troops from Fort Reno and Fort Supply were sent in to patrol the railroad right-of-way. Violence continued though. Finally, the United States Senate decided to intervene and on August 8, 1894, President Grover Cleveland signed an act which required railroads "to establish and maintain passenger stations and freight depots at or within one-fourth of a mile of the boundary limits of all town sites established prior to August 8, 1894, in said Territories." Soon after, railroad Pond Creek was renamed Jefferson and relocated to higher ground; government Pond Creek remained, but "L" County was eventually renamed Grant County and the seat was moved to Medford. Railroad Enid became North Enid and government Enid, or South Enid, became the present-day Enid, the seat of Garfield Count.
Deschutes Railroad War.
The Deschutes Railroad War began in 1908 when two competing railroad companies, the Deschutes Railroad and the Oregon Trunk Railway, started racing to build a line from the mouth of the Deschutes River across central Oregon. The Deschutes Railroad, a Union Pacific subsidiary, was owned by Edward H. Harriman and the Oregon Trunk was owned by James J. Hill.
Harriman was the first to begin construction and, after surveying the area, he decided that the eastern side of the river would be the best route. Soon after, Hill began building his own line on the western side. Later on, however, in the Deschutes River Canyon, the two roads actually ran side-by-side or shared the same rails and terminals. Over the following years, there were multiple legal disputes to decide which company should have sole access to the canyon, but railroad workers went even further. Competing construction crews would often blow up the other side's supplies by igniting their black powder stores. They also dumped boulders onto camps below and engaged in small gunfights. Casualties remained light though and by 1912 the two railroads were operating on mostly separate lines, thus removing the cause for hostility.

</doc>
<doc id="2881399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881399" title="Henry Hagey">
Henry Hagey

Henry Louis "Lou" Hagey, (1907–March 12, 1967) was a lawyer and Liberal member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario for a single term from his 1937 election until 1943.
Hagey was educated at Brantford Collegiate Institute and obtained a degree from Waterloo College in 1929. He attended Osgoode Hall and was called to the bar in 1932. Hagey served as past master of Doric Lodge, AF and AM, 32nd degree Scottish Rite. He died in Brantford.
Hagey's cousin, Gerry Hagey, founded the University of Waterloo.
Hagey was the great-grandson of Mennonite Bishop Joseph B. Hagey.

</doc>
<doc id="2881402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881402" title="USS Schmitt (DE-676)">
USS Schmitt (DE-676)

USS "Schmitt" (DE-676/APD-76) was a in the United States Navy, named for Father Aloysius H. Schmitt.
"Schmitt" was laid down on 22 February 1943 by the Bethlehem Shipbuilding Company of Quincy, Massachusetts; launched on 29 May 1943, sponsored by Mrs. Elizabeth Buchheit; and commissioned on 24 July 1943, under the command of Lieutenant Commander T. D. Cunningham.
Service history.
World War II, 1943–1945.
After shakedown in Bermuda and repairs at New York, "Schmitt" departed from New York on 19 October 1943 escorting a convoy to Curaçao in the West Indies, and then made her first trans-Atlantic crossing with a convoy from Curaçao to Derry, Northern Ireland. She served on the Derry-New York convoy route until 30 September 1944, crossing the ocean 16 times without incident. Between voyages, the escort underwent anti-submarine training at Derry or at Casco Bay, Maine, and received repairs made necessary by the rough North Atlantic weather.
On 21 October, "Schmitt" began a convoy voyage from Norfolk to Bizerte and other Mediterranean ports, returning to New York on 10 December. Between 16 December 1944 and 19 January 1945, she served as training ship for submarines at New London, Connecticut, and then on 20 January arrived at the United States Naval Frontier Base, Tompkinsville, Staten Island, New York, for conversion to a "Charles Lawrence"-class high speed transport. Her designation was changed to APD-76 on 24 January 1945.
"Schmitt" completed conversion on 3 April 1945, and once again underwent shakedown, this time out of Norfolk. She departed Hampton Roads on 19 April and arrived at Pearl Harbor on 16 May. She embarked Underwater Demolition Teams there and carried out six days of exercises with them at Maui before sailing for the Southwest Pacific on 4 June. The fast transport arrived off Balikpapan, Borneo, on 23 June, and screened the bombardment group of cruisers and destroyers during shore bombardment missions between 23 and 28 June. Her UDT personnel carried out night reconnaissance operations on 25 and 28 June, with the ship resuming escort duties during the day. On 1 July, "Schmitt"s boat led the first 17 waves of landing craft to the beach. The ship left Balikpapan on 3 July, disembarking her UDT personnel at Oceanside, California, on 2 August; and, while the ship was under repair at San Pedro from 4 to 18 August, the war in the Pacific came to an end.
Post-war activities, 1945–1949.
"Schmitt" reembarked UDT personnel and departed from San Pedro on 19 August. She arrived at Sasebo, Japan, on 20 September and carried out four days of beach reconnaissance there followed by two more days on nearby islands. She got underway from Japan on 27 September and returned on 19 October to San Diego. Between 17 and 30 November, she made one round-trip voyage to Pearl Harbor, bringing troops home to the United States, and then sailed through the Panama Canal and proceeded to join the Atlantic Fleet at Norfolk on 16 December.
For the next three and a half years, "Schmitt" conducted peacetime training and upkeep along the Atlantic Coast, highlighted by refresher training and shore bombardment practice in the Caribbean and amphibious landing exercises in Newfoundland and Labrador. She varied her normal routine between 12 June and 7 July 1948 when she escorted four Naval Academy sailing yawls in the Newport to Bermuda race. 
Decommissioning and sale.
On 16 April 1949, the fast transport arrived at Charleston, South Carolina, for inactivation, and was decommissioned and placed in reserve there on 28 June. "Schmitt" was struck from the Navy List on 1 May 1967, and transferred in February to Taiwan as ROCS "Lung Shan" (PF-44). She was subsequently scrapped in 1976.
Awards.
"Schmitt" received one battle star for her World War II service.

</doc>
<doc id="2881415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881415" title="They Drive by Night">
They Drive by Night

They Drive by Night is a 1940 black-and-white film noir starring George Raft, Ann Sheridan, Ida Lupino, and Humphrey Bogart, and directed by Raoul Walsh. The picture involves a pair of embattled truck drivers and was released in the UK under the title The Road to Frisco. The film was based on A. I. Bezzerides' 1938 novel "The Long Haul", which was later reprinted under the title "They Drive by Night" to capitalize on the success of the film. Part of the film's plot (that of Ida Lupino's character murdering her husband by carbon monoxide poisoning) was borrowed from another Warner Bros. film, "Bordertown" (1935).
Plot.
Brothers Joe (George Raft) and Paul Fabrini (Humphrey Bogart) are independent truck drivers who make a meager living transporting goods. Joe convinces Paul to start their own small, one-truck business, staying one step ahead of loan shark Farnsworth (an uncredited Charles Halton), who is trying to repossess their truck.
At one stop, Joe is attracted to waitress Cassie Hartley (Ann Sheridan). Later, the brothers pick up a hitchhiker; Joe is pleased when it turns out to be Cassie, who quit after her boss tried to get a bit too friendly with her. When they return to Los Angeles, Paul is reunited with his patient, though worried wife Pearl (Gale Page), who would rather Paul settle down in a safer, more regular job. Joe finds Cassie a place to stay, and starts seeing her.
Just after the brothers finally pay off Farnsworth, Paul falls asleep at the wheel, causing an accident that costs him his right arm and wrecks their truck. Lana Carlsen (Ida Lupino) has wanted Joe for years, but Joe has always rebuffed her advances, especially since she is married to trucking business owner and former driver Ed Carlsen (Alan Hale, Sr.), a good friend of Joe's. When Ed hires Joe as a driver, Lana persuades her husband to make him a manager instead (and starts dropping by the office frequently).
One night, when Lana drives a drunk, unconscious Ed home from a party, she murders him on impulse, leaving him in the garage with the car motor still idling. When the police investigate, she persuades them it was an accident.
She then offers Joe a half interest as a partner in the business. Initially bitter over his inability to support his wife, Paul returns to work as a dispatcher for Joe.
Joe does a fine job managing the business, but when Lana learns he plans to marry Cassie, she becomes so enraged, she reveals to him that she killed Ed so that she could have him. She then accuses Joe of forcing her to help commit murder. Both are brought to trial. Things look bad for Joe, but a guilt-ridden Lana breaks down on the witness stand, laughing hysterically and claiming the electric garage doors made her do it. The case against Joe is dismissed after Lana is determined to be insane, and he reunites with Cassie. Joe considers going back to the road, but Cassie, George and the boys manage to convince him otherwise.
Reception.
Box-office.
The film was a big box office success.
Critical response.
When the film was released, "The New York Times" film critic, Bosley Crowther, gave the film a positive review, writing, "But for fanciers of hard-boiled cinema, "They Drive By Night" still offers an entertaining ride. As Mr. Raft modestly remarks of his breed, 'We're tougher than any truck ever come off an assembly line.' That goes for the picture, too."
The review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reported that 94% of critics gave the film a positive review, based on 17 reviews."

</doc>
<doc id="2881421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881421" title="Giant octopus">
Giant octopus

Enteroctopus is an octopus genus, many of whose members are sometimes known as giant octopuses.
Description.
"Enteroctopus" is a genus of generally temperate octopi. Members of the genus "Enteroctopus" are characterized by their large size and are often known as the giant octopuses. "Enteroctopus" species have distinct longitudinal wrinkles or folds dorsally and laterally on the body. The head is distinctly narrower than the mantle width. The hectocotylus of the males in this genus, found on the third right arm, is long and narrow in comparison with other genera in the family Octopodidae, often comprising one fifth the length of the arm. Octopuses in this genus have large paddle-like papillae instead of the more conical papillae in other octopus genera.
Type species.
"Enteroctopus membranaceus" has often been regarded as type species of the genus, not because it was designated as such by Rochebrune and Mabille when they erected the genus, but because it was the first named species in the genus. Robson in his 1929 monograph of octopods regarded "E. membranaceus" as a "species dubium" because the original description was insufficient to identify an individual species, the holotype was an immature specimen, and the type specimen was no longer extant. As such, the genus was considered invalid until Hochberg resurrected it in 1998. Hochberg noted that Robson had considered "E. membranaceus" a junior synonym of "E. megalocyathus", the second species assigned to the genus by Rochebrune and Mabille in their 1889 description. Additionally, since Rochebrune and Mabille did not actually assign type status to "E. membranaceus", Hochberg concluded that "Enteroctopus" was indeed a valid genus and transferred type species status to "E. megalocyathus" by virtual monotypy.
Distribution.
Species in the genus "Enteroctopus" are restricted to the temperate areas of the Northern and Southern Hemispheres. "E. dofleini" is the only member of the genus found in the Northern Hemisphere and also the most widely distributed, occurring from San Diego, California along the North Pacific Rim to Japan, including the Okhotsk and Bering Seas. The other three species are found in the Southern Hemisphere; "E. megalocyathus" occurs on the southeastern coast of South America, "E. magnificus" on the southwestern coast of Africa from Namibia to Port Elizabeth, South Africa, and "E. zealandicus" in temperate New Zealand.
Size.
The member of this genus that best embodies the common name "giant octopus" is "Enteroctopus dofleini", which holds the record of being the world's largest octopus based on direct measurements of a 71-kg (156.5-lb) individual weighed live. This octopus had a total length near to 3,3 m (11 ft). The remaining members of the genus are substantially smaller, with "E. megalocyathus" having an average mass of 4 kg and reaching a total length of 1 m. "E. magnificus" reaches a total length of around 1.5 m.

</doc>
<doc id="2881423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881423" title="Forumosa">
Forumosa

Forumosa.com is a discussion forum started in 1998 as ORIENTED.org. The community of regular visitors grew as it changed names twice (in 2002 to "segue.com.tw" and then in 2003 to "forumosa.com").
It is primarily a phpBB-based discussion forum. For 6 months, it published a magazine about life in Taiwan in English called "Taiwanease", but the magazine is no longer being published.
Primarily a discussion forum in English, the website is moderated by approximately 30 volunteers from different countries, including Taiwan, the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, South Africa, Australia, New Zealand, and Japan. It also has a German-language forum in conjunction with Deutschland.TW and a private Women's Only forum.

</doc>
<doc id="2881435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881435" title="The English Teeth">
The English Teeth

The English Teeth were a band from Calgary, Alberta, Canada. They played a mostly Anglo blend of 60s garage and discerning 70s and 80s rock and punk.
History.
Most of the songs are about sex, food and a trip members Bagley and Igglesden took to England almost years ago. The band featured Tom Bagley on guitar and vocals (Forbidden Dimension / Colour Me Psycho), Mark Igglesden (The Primrods, The Earthquake Pills, Forbidden Dimension), Craig Evans (Forbidden Dimension, Creep'r, The New 1-2), and Adam Kamis (The Brenda Vaqueros, Agriculture Club). The English Teeth had a song on the soundtrack to .

</doc>
<doc id="2881441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881441" title="Hot Rod Lincoln">
Hot Rod Lincoln

"Hot Rod Lincoln" was recorded in 1955 as an answer song to "Hot Rod Race", a 1951 hit for Arkie Shibley and his Mountain Dew Boys. Hot Rod Race tells the story of a late-model Ford and Mercury who end up racing along the highway, neither driver gaining an advantage, and staying "neck and neck" until they are both overtaken (to their amazement) by a kid in "a hopped-up Model A".
"Hot Rod Lincoln" was written by Charlie Ryan, who had also recorded a version of "Hot Rod Race". It begins with a direct reference to Shibley's earlier ballad, stating "You heard the story of the hot rod race that fatal day, when the Ford and the Mercury went out to play. Well, this is the inside story and I'm here to say, I'm the kid that was a-drivin' that Model A."
Ryan owned a real hot rod that was built from a 1948 12-cylinder Lincoln chassis shortened two feet and with a 1930 Ford Model A body fitted to it. Thus the song explains how in "Hot Rod Race" a kid in a Model A could have outrun late-model Ford and Mercury sedans. Ryan actually raced his hot rod against a Cadillac sedan driven by a friend in Lewiston, Idaho, driving up the Spiral Highway (former U.S. 95) to the top of Lewiston Hill. His song, however, keeps the same location as "Hot Rod Race", namely Grapevine Hill, which is an old-time local southern California nickname for the long, nearly straight grade up Grapevine Canyon to Tejon Pass, near the town of Gorman, California, between Los Angeles and Bakersfield.
The first release of "Hot Rod Lincoln", in 1955, was recorded by writer Ryan as Charley Ryan and The Livingston Brothers. Ryan's 1959 version, on 4 Star, as Charlie Ryan and The Timberline Riders, is probably better known.
The 1960 version by Johnny Bond was a hit for Republic Records. Bond's Lincoln has eight cylinders ("and uses them all"), rather than the 12 cylinders pulling Ryan's Model A.
The 1972 release by Commander Cody and His Lost Planet Airmen went to #9 on the Billboard charts and #7 in Canada. Cody's version opens with the spoken lines, "My Pappy said: Son, you're going to drive me to drinkin' if you don't stop drivin' that hot rod Lincoln." Cody's version also uses a slightly different guitar riff at the beginning, and adopts parts of Johnny Bond's version, including the reference to eight cylinders. Cody's version is largely true to the original with changes that most people don't notice. However, the first line "You've heard the story of the hot rod race when the Fords and the Lincolns were setting the pace ..." completely misses telling the listener that this song is the story of the kid and his Model A that outran the fellows in the late-model Ford and Mercury in the earlier song, Hot Rod Race.
"Hot Rod Lincoln" and "Hot Rod Race" are defining anthems of the hot rod community.
Arkie Shibley, who recorded a series of "Hot Rod Race" songs, died in 1975. Charlie Ryan died in Spokane, Washington, on February 16, 2008, at age 92. He was a member of the Rockabilly Hall of Fame.
The actual "hot rod Lincoln" was auctioned off at the 2013 Barrett Jackson Auto Auction.
Other covers.
Many different versions exist, with the words slightly altered by each new group.
George Thorogood and the Destoyers covered the song, referencing Fords and Lincolns (as opposed to Fords and Mercurys) and a V-8 engine instead of a V12.
"Hot Rod Lincoln" is also a signature song of Texas-based Western swing band Asleep at the Wheel. Their version peaked at number 65 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart in 1988.
Roger Miller also recorded the song, with a few words changed.
In his live show, Bill Kirchen (original guitarist on the Commander Cody recording of "Hot Rod Lincoln") performs an extended version of the song in which he inserts a series of short guitar solos in the styles of many famous rock, blues, power pop, punk, and country guitarists.
Hot Rod Lincoln was covered by Pat Travers on his debut rock album titled "Pat Travers" released in 1976 on Polydor Records.
On their 1989 album "Allroy's Revenge", U.S. pop-punk band ALL recorded a cover of "Hot Rod Lincoln". Their version, like Commander Cody's, places the story in the setting of San Pedro, California.
Jim Varney recorded a version that appeared in the film version of "The Beverly Hillbillies" in which Varney starred as Jed Clampett.
The song "Five-O Ford" off the 1994 album "Liquor in the Front" by the Reverend Horton Heat is very similar to the song, describing a similar race scene and using the same chord progression.
In 2002, Les Claypool recorded a version of "Hot Rod Lincoln" for the NASCAR on Fox album "Crank It Up".
Lawrence Ramsay released a version of "Hot Rod Lincoln" in March 2010, on the album "Blowin' Cash", featuring the guitar works of Dauwynn Cyncore.
Nashville based R&B, Surf, Swing, Sci-Fi guitar player Chris Casello covers Hot Rod Lincoln on his debut album Chris Casello Trio. The version is complete with guitar based sound effects like cows, seagulls, police cars, hippies and more.
Portions of the song, including Commander Cody's spoken-word intro, are used in Sugar Ray's track "Mean Machine" from their album "Lemonade and Brownies".

</doc>
<doc id="2881444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881444" title="Hope Aldrich Rockefeller">
Hope Aldrich Rockefeller

Hope Aldrich Rockefeller (born May 17, 1938) is a newspaper publisher. She is the eldest daughter of philanthropist John Davison Rockefeller III (1906—1978) and Blanchette Ferry Hooker (1909—1992). Her elder brother is Senator John Davison "Jay" Rockefeller IV (born 1937).
Hope pursued a career in journalism and has worked for Long Island's Newsday, Beijing's China Daily, New York's The Village Voice, and the Washington Monthly. She worked for the Santa Fe Reporter in the 1980s before she bought the newspaper and became its publisher.
She continues to reside in New Mexico and as of 1996, Hope was New Mexico's third wealthiest resident. Her net worth was approximately $250 million at that time. She now lives in Corona Del Mar, California.
In 1959 she married John Spencer (b. February 3, 1930). They have three sons:

</doc>
<doc id="2881459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881459" title="Che (2008 film)">
Che (2008 film)

Che is a two-part 2008 biopic about Argentine Marxist revolutionary Ernesto "Che" Guevara, directed by Steven Soderbergh and starring Benicio del Toro. Rather than follow a standard chronological order, the films offer an oblique series of interspersed moments along the overall timeline. "Part One" is entitled "The Argentine" and focuses on the Cuban Revolution from the landing of Fidel Castro, Guevara, and other revolutionaries in Cuba to their successful toppling of Fulgencio Batista's dictatorship two years later. "Part Two" is entitled "Guerrilla" and focuses on Guevara's attempt to bring revolution to Bolivia and his demise. Both parts are shot in a cinéma vérité style, but each has different approaches to linear narrative, camerawork, and the visual look.
Filmmaker Terrence Malick originally worked on a screenplay limited to Guevara's attempts to start a revolution in Bolivia. When financing fell through, Malick left the project, and Soderbergh subsequently agreed to direct the film. He realized that there was no context for Guevara's actions in Bolivia and decided that his participation in the Cuban Revolution and his appearance at the United Nations in 1964 should also be depicted. Peter Buchman was hired to write the screenplay: the script was so long that Soderbergh decided to divide the film into two parts, one chronicling Cuba and other depicting Bolivia. Soderbergh shot the films back-to-back starting at the beginning of July 2007, with "Guerrilla" first in Spain for 39 days, and "The Argentine" shot in Puerto Rico and Mexico for 39 days.
"Che" was screened as a single film at the 2008 Cannes Film Festival. Del Toro won the Best Actor Award, and the film received mostly positive reviews. IFC Films, which holds all North American rights to "Che", initially released the combined film for one week on December 12, 2008 in New York City and Los Angeles to qualify for the year's Academy Awards. Strong box office performance led to the "special roadshow edition" being extended in N.Y.C. and L.A. and later expanded into additional markets. The film was released as two separate films, titled "Che Part 1: The Argentine" and "Che Part 2: Guerrilla", and distribution expanded further after that. The Independent Film Channel released the films via video on demand and on Region 1 DVD exclusively from Blockbuster. As of October 2009, "Che" Parts I and II had grossed US$40,779,241 worldwide.
Plot.
Part 1: The Argentine.
In Havana 1964, Che Guevara is interviewed by Lisa Howard who asks him if reform throughout Latin America might not blunt the “message of the Cuban Revolution.” In 1955, at a gathering in Mexico City, Guevara first meets Fidel Castro. He listens to Castro’s plans and signs on as a member of the July 26th Movement. There is a return to 1964 for Guevara’s address before the United Nations General Assembly, where he makes an impassioned speech against American imperialism, and defends the executions his regime has committed, declaring “this is a battle to the death.”
March 1957, Guevara deals with debilitating bouts of asthma as his group of revolutionaries meet up with Castro’s group. Together, they attack an army barracks in the Sierra Maestra on May 28, 1957. On October 15, 1958, the guerrillas approach the town of Las Villas. The Battle of Santa Clara is depicted with Guevara demonstrating his tactical skill as the guerrillas engage in street-to-street fighting and derail a train carrying Cuban soldiers and armaments. Near the film‘s end, they are victorious. With the Cuban Revolution now over, Guevara heads to Havana, remarking ”we won the war, the revolution starts now.”
Part 2: Guerrilla.
The second part begins with Guevara arriving in Bolivia disguised as a middle-aged representative of the Organization of American States hailing from Uruguay, who subsequently drives into the mountains to meet his men. The film is organized by the number of days that he was in the country. On Day 26, there is solidarity among Guevara's men despite his status as foreigner. By Day 67, Guevara has been set up for betrayal. He tries to recruit some peasants only to be mistaken for a cocaine smuggler. On Day 100, there is a shortage of food and Guevara exercises discipline to resolve conflicts between his Cuban and Bolivian followers.
By Day 113, some of the guerrillas have deserted and the Bolivian Army has discovered their base camp. Much to Che's disappointment Tamara "Tania" Bunke, Guevara's revolutionary contact, has botched elaborate preparations and given away their identity. On Day 141, the guerrillas capture Bolivian soldiers that refuse to join the revolution and are free to return to their villages. CIA advisers arrive to supervise anti-insurgent activity and training. On Day 169, Guevara's visiting friend, the French intellectual Régis Debray, is captured at Muyupampa by the Bolivian Army, which launches an aerial attack on Day 219.
Guevara grows sick and by Day 280 can barely breathe as a result of his acute asthma. On Day 302, the Bolivian Army massacres Tania Bunke, Juan Acuña Ñunez, and several others in Che's forces as they attempt to cross the Vado del Yeso. By Day 340, Guevara is trapped by the Bolivian Army in the Yuro Ravine near the village of La Higuera. Che is wounded and captured. The next day, a helicopter lands and a Cuban American CIA agent Félix Rodríguez emerges. The Bolivian high command are then phoned and give approval for Guevara's execution. He is shot on October 9, 1967, and his corpse lashed to a helicopter's landing skids and flown out. In a final flashback scene, Guevara is aboard the "Granma" in 1956, looking out over the ocean. He sees the Castro brothers alone at the bow of the ship; Fidel is talking and Raúl is taking notes. Guevara hands a peeled orange to one of his comrades and returns his gaze to the lone brothers before the scene fades to black.
Production.
Development.
Originally, "Che" was intended to be a much more traditional film based on Jon Lee Anderson's 1997 biography "Che Guevara: A Revolutionary Life". Actor Benicio del Toro and producer Laura Bickford optioned the film rights to Anderson's book. However, after two years they had not found a suitable writer and the rights expired. During this time, Del Toro and Bickford researched the events depicted in "Guerrilla" with the idea of exploring Guevara's attempts to start a revolution in Bolivia. Del Toro has said that he previously only thought of Guevara as a "bad guy". For his role, Del Toro spent seven years "obsessively researching" Guevara's life, which made him feel like he "earned his stripes" to interpret the character. Preparation included looking at Guevara's photographs and reading his personal writings. Del Toro read "Don Quixote", one of Guevara's favorites, and the first book published and given out free after the Cuban Revolution. Del Toro then personally met with people from different stages of Guevara's life, including Guevara's younger brother and childhood friends, traveling to Cuba where Del Toro met Guevara's widow, family, and "tons of people that loved this man". The visit included a five-minute encounter at a book fair with Fidel Castro, who expressed that he was happy for the "serious" research being undertaken. Such research included collaborating with the three surviving guerrillas from Guevara's ill-fated Bolivian campaign, and with several guerrillas who fought alongside him in Cuba. While researching for both films, Soderbergh made a documentary of his interviews with many of the people who had fought alongside Guevara. In his encounters with people ranging from fellow guerrillas to Guevara's driver, Del Toro described the reaction as "always the same", stating that he was "blown away" by the "bucketful of love" they still harbored for Guevara. In an interview, Del Toro described Guevara as "a weird combination of an intellectual and an action figure, Gregory Peck and Steve McQueen, wrapped in one". After the film's production concluded, Del Toro professed that "when you tell the story of Che, you're telling a story of the history of a country, so you have to be very careful".
Screenplay.
Del Toro and Bickford hired screenwriter Benjamin A. van der Veen to write the screenplay's first drafts, and their extensive research took them to Cuba where they met with several of the remaining members of Guevara's team in Bolivia as well as the revolutionary's wife and children. It was during this phase of development that the filmmakers discovered Terrence Malick had been in Bolivia as a journalist in 1966 working on a story about Che. Malick came on as director and worked on the screenplay with van der Veen and Del Toro, but after a year-and-a-half, the financing had not come together entirely and Malick left to make "The New World", a film about Jamestown, Virginia. Afraid that their multi-territory deals would fall apart, Bickford and Del Toro asked Steven Soderbergh, who was previously on board as producer, to direct. The filmmaker was drawn to the contrast of "engagement versus disengagement. Do we want to participate or observe? Once Che made the decision to engage, he engaged fully. Often people attribute that to a higher power, but as an atheist, he didn't have that. I found that very interesting". Furthermore, he remarked that Guevara was "great movie material" and "had one of the most fascinating lives" that he could "imagine in the last century". Bickford and Del Toro realized that there was no context for what made Guevara decide to go to Bolivia. They began looking for someone to rewrite the screenplay; Peter Buchman was recommended to them because he had a good reputation for writing about historical figures, based on a script he worked about Alexander the Great. He spent a year reading every available book on Guevara in preparation for writing the script. The project was put on hold when Bickford and Del Toro made "Traffic" with Soderbergh.
Soderbergh wanted to incorporate Guevara's experiences in Cuba and at the United Nations in 1964. Buchman helped with the script's structure, which he gave three storylines: Guevara's life and the Cuban Revolution; his demise in Bolivia; and his trip to New York to speak at the U.N. Buchman found that the problem with containing all of these stories in one film was that he had to condense time and this distorted history. Soderbergh found the draft Buchman submitted to him "unreadable" and after two weeks decided to split the script into two separate films. Buchman went back and with Del Toro expanded the Cuban story for "The Argentine". Additional research included reading Guevara's diaries and declassified documents from the U.S. State Department about his trip to New York and memos from his time in Bolivia.
Soderbergh found the task of researching such a popular historical figure as Guevara a daunting one: "If you go to any bookstore, you'll find an entire wall of Che-related material. We tried to go through all of it, we were overwhelmed with information. He means something different to everyone. At a certain point we had to decide for ourselves who Che was". The original source material for these scripts was Guevara's diary from the Cuban Revolution, "Reminiscences of the Cuban Revolutionary War", and from his time in Bolivia, "Bolivian Diary". From there, he drew on interviews with people who knew Guevara from both of those time periods and read every book available that pertained to both Cuba and Bolivia. Bickford and Del Toro met with Harry "Pombo" Villegas, Urbano and Benigno—three men who met Guevara during the Cuban Revolution, followed him to Bolivia, and survived. They interviewed them individually and then Pombo and Benigno together about their experiences in Cuba and Bolivia. Urbano was an adviser while they were filming in Spain and the actors often consulted with him and the others about specific details, like how to hold their guns in a certain situation, and very specific tactical information.
In December 2008, Ocean Press, in cooperation with the Che Guevara Publishing Project, released "Che: The Diaries of Ernesto Che Guevara", with a movie tie-in cover. The book's aim was to compile all the original letters, diary excerpts, speeches and maps on which Soderbergh relied for the film. The text is interspersed with remarks by Benicio del Toro and Steven Soderbergh.
Financing.
Initially, "Che" was going to be made in English and a strong interest in financing it was met; however, when the decision was made to make it in Spanish and break it up into two films, the studios' pay-TV deals, which were for English-language product only, "disappeared", according to Bickford, "and, at that point, nobody wanted to step up". The director defended his decision to shoot almost all of the film in Spanish in an interview: "You can't make a film with any level of credibility in this case unless it's in Spanish. I hope we're reaching a time where you go make a movie in another culture, that you shoot in the language of that culture. I'm hoping the days of that sort of specific brand of cultural imperialism have ended". Both films were financed without any American money or distribution deal; Soderbergh remarked, "It was very frustrating to know that this is a zeitgeist movie and that some of the very people who told me how much they now regret passing on "Traffic" passed on this one too". Foreign pre-sales covered $54 million of the $58 million budget. Wild Bunch, a French production, distribution and foreign sales company put up 75% of the budget for the two films, tapping into a production and acquisition fund from financing and investment company Continental Entertainment Capitol, a subsidiary of the U.S.-based Citigroup. Spain's Telecinco/Moreno Films supplied the rest of the budget.
Principal photography.
In 2006, shortly before the U.N. Headquarters underwent major renovations, Del Toro and Soderbergh shot the scenes of Guevara speaking to the U.N. General Assembly in 1964. The director wanted to shoot the first part of "The Argentine" in Cuba, but was prevented from travelling there by the U.S. government's embargo. Doubling Santa Clara proved to be difficult because it was a certain size and had a certain look. Soderbergh spent four to five months scouting for a suitable replacement, looking at towns in Veracruz/Yucatán before settling on Campeche, which had the elements they needed.
The original intention was for "The Argentine" to be shot using anamorphic 16 mm film because, according to the director, it needed "a bit of Bruckheimer but scruffier". He kept to his plan of shooting "The Argentine" anamorphically, and "Guerrilla" with spherical lenses. Soderbergh wanted to use the new RED One rather than 16 mm film because of its ability to replicate film stock digitally but initially, it was not going to be available on time. However, their Spanish work papers and visas were late and Del Toro and Soderbergh were grounded in Los Angeles for a week. The director was meanwhile informed that the prototype cameras were ready.
Each half of the film focuses on a different revolution, both fundamentally the same in theory but vastly different in outcome, reflecting the Marxist notion of dialectics. Soderbergh wanted the film's two parts to mimic the voice of the two diaries they were based on; the Cuban diaries were written after the fact and, according to the director, "with a certain hindsight and perspective and a tone that comes from being victorious", while the Bolivian diaries were "contemporaneous, and they're very isolated and have no perspective, at all. It's a much more tense read, because the outcome is totally unclear".
Soderbergh shot the films back-to-back in the beginning of July 2007 with "Guerrilla" shot first in Spain for 39 days and "The Argentine" shot in Puerto Rico and Mexico for 39 days. The director conceived "The Argentine" as "a Hollywood movie" shot in widescreen 'scope aspect ratio, with the camera either fixed or moving on a dolly or a Steadicam. "Guerrilla" was shot, according to Soderbergh, "in Super-16, 1.85:1. No dollies, no cranes, it's all either handheld or tripods. I want it to look nice but simple. We'll work with a very small group: basically me, the producer Gregory Jacobs and the unit production manager". According to the director, the portion set in Cuba was written from the victor's perspective and as a result he adopted a more traditional look with classical compositions, vibrant color and a warm palette. With "Guerrilla", he wanted a sense of foreboding with hand-held camerawork and a muted color palette. Soderbergh told his production designer Antxon Gomez that the first part would have green with a lot of yellow in it and the second part would have green with a lot of blue in it.
At the end of "The Argentine", Soderbergh depicts Guevara's derailment of a freight train during the Battle of Santa Clara. In filming the sequence, Soderbergh balked at the digital effects solution and managed to reallocate $500,000 from the overall $58 million budget to build a real set of tracks and a train powered by two V-8 car engines. To film the scene, they had six rehearsals, and could only shoot the scene once.
Many aspects of Guevara's personality and beliefs affected the filming process. For instance, close-ups of Del Toro were avoided due to Guevara's belief in collectivism, with Soderbergh remarking, "You can't make a movie about a guy who has these hard-core sort of egalitarian socialist principles and then isolate him with close-ups." According to Edgar Ramirez, who portrays Ciro Redondo, the cast "were improvising a lot" while making "The Argentine", and he describes the project as a "very contemplative movie", shot chronologically. While filming outdoors, Soderbergh used natural light as much as possible. Del Toro, who speaks Puerto Rican Spanish, tried to speak the best Argentinean Spanish (Rioplatense Spanish) he could without sounding "stiff". Prior to shooting the film's final scenes that depict Guevara's time in Bolivia at the end of his life, Del Toro shed 35 pounds to show how ill Guevara had become. The actor shaved the top of his head rather than wear a bald cap for the scenes depicting Guevara's arrival in Bolivia in disguise.
Soderbergh has said that with "Che", he wanted to show everyday tasks, "things that have meaning on a practical level and on an ideological level", as a "way of showing what it might have been like to be there". While addressing the issue after at the Toronto International Film Festival, Soderbergh remarked that he was trying to avoid what he felt were typical scenes for a biographical film and that he would tell screenwriter Peter Buchman, that he was "trying to find the scenes that would happen before or after the scene that you would typically see in a movie like this". Soderbergh was not interested in depicting Guevara's personal life because he felt that "everybody on these campaigns has a personal life, they all left families behind, that doesn't make him special and why should I go into his personal life and nobody else's?"
Soderbergh decided to omit the post-revolution execution sentences of "suspected war criminals, traitors and informants" that Guevara reviewed at La Cabana Fortress because "there is no amount of accumulated barbarity that would have satisfied the people who hate him". Soderbergh addressed the criticism for this omission in a post release interview where he stated: "I don't think anybody now, even in Cuba, is going to sit with a straight face and defend the events. La Cabana was really turned into a Roman circus, where I think even the people in power look back on that as excessive. However, every regime, in order to retain power when it feels threatened, acts excessively ... This is what people do when they feel they need to act in an extreme way to secure themselves". The filmmaker noted as well that, "with a character this complicated, you’re going to have a very polarized reaction". Furthermore, he was not interested in depicting Guevara's life as "a bureaucrat", stating that he was making a diptych about two military campaigns, declaring the pictures "war films". Soderbergh said, "I'm sure some people will say, 'That's convenient because that's when he was at his worst.' Yeah, maybe—it just wasn't interesting to me. I was interested in making a procedural about guerrilla warfare".
Soderbergh described the Cuban Revolution as "the last analog revolution. I loved that we shot a period film about a type of war that can't be fought anymore". Soderbergh has said that he is open to making another film about Guevara's experiences in the Congo but only if "Che" makes $100 million at the box office.
Distribution.
Theatrical distribution rights were pre-sold to distributors in several major territories, including France, the United Kingdom, Scandinavia, Italy, and Japan (Nikkatsu); Twentieth Century Fox bought the Spanish theatrical and home video rights. IFC Films paid a low seven-figure sum to acquire all North American rights to "Che" after production had completed and released it on December 12, 2008 in New York City and Los Angeles in order to qualify it for the Academy Awards. The "special roadshow edition" in N.Y.C. and L.A. was initially planned as a one-week special engagement—complete with intermission and including a full-color printed program—but strong box-office results led to its re-opening for two weeks on January 9, 2009 as two separate films, titled "Che Part 1: The Argentine" and "Che Part 2: Guerrilla". Soderbergh said that the program's inspiration came from the 70 mm engagements for Francis Ford Coppola's "Apocalypse Now". The film was expanded to additional markets on January 16 and 22 both as a single film and as two separate films. IFC made the films available through video on demand on January 21 on all major cable and satellite providers in both standard and high definition versions.
Screenings.
"Che" was screened on 21 May at the 2008 Cannes Film Festival reportedly running over four hours. Following this screening, Soderbergh cut 5–7 minutes from each half. It was shown at the 46th New York Film Festival and was shown at the 33rd Toronto International Film Festival as "Che" with a 15-minute intermission and as two separate films, "The Argentine" and "Guerrilla", where it was considered the festival's "must-see" film. "Che" made its sold-out L.A. premiere at Grauman's Chinese Theatre on November 1, 2008 as part of the AFI Fest.
"Che" was screened in Guevara's homeland of Argentina in November 2008. To mark the occasion, the streets of Buenos Aires were decorated with large posters of Del Toro in his role as the guerrilla fighter, unprecedented in the city's history. When questioned by the press on Guevara's ideas and use of violence, Del Toro stated that if he had lived during the 1960s, he would have agreed with Guevara, and that although he did not support violent revolution now, in the '60s he may "have been another person and in agreement with armed war".
Del Toro and Soderbergh both attended the French premiere in late November 2008, where they took questions from the press. Del Toro remarked that the "legendary rebel" was still pertinent because "the things that he fought for in the late 1950s and mid 1960s are still relevant today", adding that "he did not hide behind curtains ... he stood up for the forgotten ones". When asked why he made the film, Soderbergh stated, "I needed to make the film, and that is a different feeling. I felt like, if I am worth anything, I have to say yes. I can't say no". The following day, the Dubai International Film Festival would describe Soderbergh's narrative as a "magisterial ... compelling experience", with Del Toro's performance as "blue-chip".
"Che" opened in single theaters in N.Y.C. and L.A. where it made $60,100 with sellouts of both venues. Based on this success, IFC Films executives added two weekends of exclusive runs for the roadshow version, starting December 24 in N.Y.C. and December 26 in L.A. This successful run prompted IFC Films to show this version in nine additional markets on January 16. "Che" will be shown in its entirety, commercial and trailer free with an intermission and limited edition program book at every screening. Soderbergh has said that the film's roadshow version will not be released on DVD but released in two parts with the animated map that opens the roadshow's second half missing from Part II, as well as the overture and intermission music.
According to "Variety", it had grossed $164,142 in one weekend, at 35 locations in North America and $20 million from a half-dozen major markets around the world, led by Spain at $9.7 million. As of May 2009, it has grossed $1.4 million in North America and $29.8 million in the rest of the world for a worldwide total of $30 million. Eventually, "Che" made good profit for IFC Films.
Reception.
Cannes reaction.
Early reviews were mixed, although there were several critics who spoke glowingly of the project. "Cinematical"'s James Rocchi described the biopic as "expressive, innovative, striking, and exciting" as well as "bold, beautiful, bleak and brilliant". Rocchi went on to brand it "a work of art" that's "not just the story of a revolutionary" but "a revolution in and of itself". Columnist and critic Jeffrey Wells proclaimed the film "brilliant", "utterly believable", and "the most exciting and far-reaching film of the Cannes Film Festival". In further praise, Wells referred to the film as "politically vibrant and searing" while labeling it a "perfect dream movie".
Todd McCarthy was more mixed in his reaction to the film in its present form, describing it as "too big a roll of the dice to pass off as an experiment, as it's got to meet high standards both commercially and artistically. The demanding running time forces comparison to such rare works as "Lawrence of Arabia", "Reds" and other biohistorical epics. Unfortunately, "Che" doesn't feel epic—just long". Anne Thompson wrote that Benicio del Toro "gives a great performance", but predicted that "it will not be released as it was seen here". Glenn Kenny wrote, ""Che" benefits greatly from certain Soderberghian qualities that don't always serve his other films well, e.g., detachment, formalism, and intellectual curiosity".
Peter Bradshaw, in his review for "The Guardian", wrote, "Perhaps it will even come to be seen as this director's flawed masterpiece: enthralling but structurally fractured—the second half is much clearer and more sure-footed than the first—and at times frustratingly reticent, unwilling to attempt any insight into Che's interior world". In his less favorable review for "Esquire", Stephen Garrett criticized the film for failing to show Guevara's negative aspects, "the absence of darker, more contradictory revelations of his nature leaves Che bereft of complexity. All that remains is a South American superman: uncomplex, pure of heart, defiantly pious and boring". Richard Corliss had problems with Del Toro's portrayal of Guevara: "Del Toro—whose acting style often starts over the top and soars from there, like a hang-glider leaping from a skyscraper roof—is muted, yielding few emotional revelations, seemingly sedated here ... Che is defined less by his rigorous fighting skills and seductive intellect than by his asthma". In his review for "Salon.com", Andrew O'Hehir praised Soderbergh for making "something that people will be eager to see and eager to talk about all over the world, something that feels strangely urgent, something messy and unfinished and amazing. I'd be surprised if "Che" doesn't win the Palme d'Or ... but be that as it may, nobody who saw it here will ever forget it".
Soderbergh replied to the criticism that he made an unconventional film: "I find it hilarious that most of the stuff being written about movies is how conventional they are, and then you have people ... upset that something's not conventional. The bottom line is we're just trying to give you a sense of what it was like to hang out around this person. That's really it. And the scenes were chosen strictly on the basis of, 'Yeah, what does that tell us about his character?'".
After Cannes, Soderbergh made a few minor adjustments to the film. This included adding a moment of Guevara and Fidel Castro shaking hands, tweaking a few transitions, and tacking on an overture and entr'acte to the "road show" version that will play in major cities. Moreover, he removed the trial of guerrilla Lalo Sardiñas, which Chicago film critic Ben Kenigsberg found "regrettable", stating that it was "not only one of the film's most haunting scenes but a key hint at the darker side of Che's ideology".
NYFF reaction.
In her review for "The New York Times", based on a screening at the New York Film Festival, Manohla Dargis observes that "throughout the movie Mr. Soderbergh mixes the wild beauty of his landscapes with images of Che heroically engaged in battle, thoughtfully scribbling and reading, and tending to ailing peasants and soldiers". According to Dargis, "Che wins, Che loses, but Che remains the same in what plays like a procedural about a charismatic leader, impossible missions and the pleasures of work and camaraderie", referring to the "historical epic" as ""Ocean's Eleven" with better cigars". However, Dargis notes that "Mr. Soderbergh cagily evades Che's ugly side, notably his increasing commitment to violence and seemingly endless war, but the movie is without question political—even if it emphasizes romantic adventure over realpolitik—because, like all films, it is predicated on getting, spending and making money".
Film critic Glenn Kenny wrote, ""Che" seems to me almost the polar opposite of agitprop. It flat out does not ask for the kind of emotional engagement that more conventional epic biopics do, and that's a good thing". In his review for "UGO", Keith Uhlich wrote, "The best to say about Del Toro's Cannes-honored performance is that it's exhausting—all exterior, no soul, like watching an android run a gauntlet (one that includes grueling physical exertions, tendentious political speechifying, and risible Matt Damon cameos)". "Slant" magazine gave "Che" two-and-a-half stars out of four and wrote, "The problem is that, despite his desire to sidestep Hollywood bio-hooey, the director is unable to turn his chilly stance into an ideological perspective, like Roberto Rossellini did in his demythologized portraits of Louis XIV, Garibaldi and Pascal".
In his review for "Salon" magazine, Andrew O'Hehir wrote, "What Soderbergh has sought to capture here is a grand process of birth and extinguishment, one that produced a complicated legacy in which John McCain, Barack Obama, and Raúl Castro are still enmeshed. There will be plenty of time to argue about the film's (or films') political relevance or lack thereof, to call Soderbergh names for this or that historical omission, for this or that ideological error. He's made something that people will be eager to see and eager to talk about all over the world, something that feels strangely urgent, something messy and unfinished and amazing".
Miami screening and protest.
On 4 December 2008, "Che" premiered at Miami Beach's Byron Carlyle Theatre, as part of the Art Basel Festival. Taking place only a few miles from Little Havana, which is home to the United States' largest Cuban American community, the invitation-only screening was met with angry demonstrators. The organization Vigilia Mambisa, led by Miguel Saavedra, amassed an estimated 100 demonstrators to decry what they believed would be a favorable depiction of Guevara. Saavedra told reporters from the "El Nuevo Herald" that "you cannot offend the sensitivities of the people", while describing the film as "a disgrace". A supporter of the demonstration, Miami Beach's mayor Matti Herrera Bower, lamented that the film was shown, while declaring "we must not allow dissemination of this movie". When asked days later about the incident, Del Toro remarked that the ability to speak out was "part of what makes America great" while adding "I find it a little weird that they were protesting without having seen the film, but that's another matter". For his part, Soderbergh later stated that "you have to separate the Cuban nationalist lobby that is centered in Miami from the rest of the country".
Cuban homecoming.
On 7 December 2008, "Che" premiered at Havana's 5,000+ person Karl Marx Theater as part of the Latin American Film Festival. Benicio Del Toro, who was in attendance, referred to the film as "Cuban history", while remarking that "there's an audience in there ... that could be the most knowledgeable critics of the historical accuracy of the film". The official state paper "Granma" gave Del Toro a glowing review, professing that he "personifies Che" in both his physical appearance and his "masterly interpretation". After unveiling "Che" in Havana's Yara Cinema, Del Toro was treated to a 10-minute standing ovation from the 2,000+ strong audience, many of whom were involved in the revolution.
New York City debut.
On 12 December 2008, "Che" was screened at New York City's sold out 1,100 person Ziegfeld Theater. Upon seeing the first image on the screen (a silhouette of Cuba), the crowd erupted into a raucous cry of "¡Viva, Cuba!" Following the film, and the standing ovation it received, Soderbergh appeared for a post program Q&A. During the sometimes contentious conversation with the audience, in which Soderbergh alternated between defensiveness and modesty, the director categorized Guevara as "a hard ass", to which one audience member yelled out, "Bullshit, he was a murderer!" The filmmaker settled down the crowd and explained, "It doesn't matter whether I agree with him or not—I was interested in Che as a warrior, Che as a guy who had an ideology, who picked up a gun and this was the result. He died the way you would have him die. He was executed the way you would say he executed other people". Soderbergh ended the 1 am Q&A session by noting that he was "agnostic" on Che's standing, but "loyal to the facts", which he insisted were all rigorously sourced.
Venezuela and President Chávez.
On 3 March 2009, Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez, himself an avowed Marxist and admirer of Che Guevara, greeted Del Toro and co star Bichir at the Presidential Palace in Caracas. The day prior Del Toro attended a screening of the film at a bull-fighting ring-turned cultural center, where he was "mobbed by adoring fans". Del Toro then visited the state-run Cinema Town, a film production facility President Chávez launched to help Venezuela produce its own movies as an alternative to what Chávez calls Hollywood's cultural imperialism. Del Toro described "Che" as "a totally Latin American movie" and stated that he had "a good meeting with the President".
General reviews.
"Part One" has a 67% rating at Rotten Tomatoes, while "Part Two" has an 80% rating. Scott Foundas of the "LA Weekly" proclaimed "Che" "nothing if not the movie of the year". In his review for the "Village Voice", J. Hoberman wrote, "At its best, "Che" is both action film and ongoing argument. Each new camera setup seeks to introduce a specific idea—about Che or his situation—and every choreographed battle sequence is a sort of algorithm where the camera attempts to inscribe the event that is being enacted". Hoberman compared Soderbergh's directing style and "non-personalized" historical approach on the film to Otto Preminger's observational use of the moving camera, or one of Roberto Rossellini's "serene" documentaries. Armond White, in his review for the "New York Press", wrote, "Out-perversing Gus Van Sant's "Milk", Soderbergh makes a four-hour-plus biopic about a historical figure without providing a glimmer of charm or narrative coherence". In his review for "The New York Times", A.O. Scott writes, "Mr. Soderbergh once again offers a master class in filmmaking. As history, though, "Che" is finally not epic but romance. It takes great care to be true to the factual record, but it is, nonetheless, a fairy tale". Sheri Linden, in her review for the "Los Angeles Times", wrote, "in this flawed work of austere beauty, the logistics of war and the language of revolution give way to something greater, a struggle that may be defined by politics but can't be contained by it". In her review for the "Washington Post", Ann Hornaday wrote, "The best way to encounter "Che", is to let go of words like 'film' and 'movie', words that somehow seem inadequate to the task of describing such a mesmerizing, fully immersive cinematic experience. By the end of "Che", viewers will likely emerge as if from a trance, with indelibly vivid, if not more ambivalent feelings about Guevara, than the bumper-sticker image they walked in with".
"Entertainment Weekly" gave a "B+" rating to the first half of the film and a "C-" rating to the second half, and Owen Gleiberman wrote, "As political theater, "Che" moves from faith to impotence, which is certainly a valid reading of Communism in the 20th century. Yet as drama, that makes the second half of the film borderline deadly ... "Che" is twice as long as it needs to be, but it is also only half the movie it should have been". James Verniere of "The Boston Herald" gave the film a B-, describing the work as a new genre of "arthouse guerrilla nostalgia", while lamenting "Che" as the film version of Alberto Korda’s iconic 1960 photograph Guerrillero Heroico. In Verniere's view, so much information was missing, that he recommended one first see "The Motorcycle Diaries" to fill in the background. In her review for "USA Today", Claudia Puig wrote, "With its lyrical beauty and strong performances, the film can be riveting. Its excessive length and rambling scenes also make it maddening. It is worth seeing for its attention to visual detail and ambitious filmmaking, but as a psychological portrait of a compelling historical figure, it is oddly bland and unrevealing". Anthony Lane, in his review for "The New Yorker", wrote, "for all the movie’s narrative momentum, "Che" retains the air of a study exercise—of an interest brilliantly explored. How else to explain one’s total flatness of feeling at the climax of each movie?" Taking a more positive stance, film critic Chris Barsanti compared "Che" to a "guerrilla take on "Patton"", calling it "an exceptionally good" war film, which rivaled "The Battle of Algiers" in its "you-are-there sensibility". Roger Ebert awarded the film 3.5 our of 4 stars and addressed the film's length: "You may wonder if the film is too long. I think there's a good reason for its length. Guevara's experience in Cuba and especially Bolivia was not a series of events and anecdotes, but a trial of endurance that might almost be called mad".
"Film Comment" ranked "Che" as the 22nd best film of 2008 in their "Best Films of 2008" poll.
Film critics Roger Ebert, and James Rocchi went further, naming "Che" one of the best films of 2008. The film appeared on several critics' top ten lists of the best films of 2008.
Looking back at the experience of making "Che", Soderbergh has said that he now wishes that he had not made the film and remarked, "Literally I'd wake up and think, 'At least I'm not doing that today.'" The director blamed piracy for the film's financial failure and felt that "It's a film that, to some extent, needs the support of people who write about films. If you'd had all these guys running around talking in accented English you'd got your head taken off".
Awards.
Del Toro was awarded the Best Actor Award at the Cannes Film Festival for his performance in "Che" and in his acceptance speech dedicated his award "to the man himself, Che Guevara and I want to share this with Steven Soderbergh. He was there pushing it even when there lulls and pushing all of us". Guevara's widow Aleida March, who is president of the Che Guevara Studies Center, sent a congratulatory note to Del Toro upon hearing the news of his award. Del Toro was awarded a 2009 Goya Award as the best Spanish Lead Actor for his depiction of Che. Actor Sean Penn, who won an Oscar for his role in "Milk", remarked that he was surprised and disappointed that "Che" and Del Toro were not also up for any Academy Award nominations. During his acceptance speech for the Best Actor's trophy at the Screen Actors Guild Awards, Penn expressed his dismay stating, "The fact that there aren't crowns on Soderbergh's and Del Toro's heads right now, I don't understand ... that is such a sensational movie, "Che"." In reference to what Penn deemed a snub, he added "Maybe because it's in Spanish, maybe the length, maybe the politics".
On July 31, 2009, Del Toro was awarded the inaugural Tomas Gutierrez Alea prize at a Havana ceremony attended by U.S. actors Robert Duvall, James Caan and Bill Murray. Named after a prolific Cuban filmmaker, the new award was voted for by the National Union of Writers and Artists of Cuba. Del Toro remarked that it was "an honor" to receive the award and thanked "Che" director Steven Soderbergh.
"Che" was also awarded "The White Camel", the top award handed out at the sixth annual Sahara International Film Festival, whose ceremony took place during the spring of 2009 in the Wilaya of Dakhla at the Sahrawi refugee camps of 30,000 residents. Executive producer Alvaro Longoria, attended to accept the award when Del Toro couldn't because of filming for "The Wolf Man". After dismounting the prize (which was a literal camel) Longoria remarked that "this is real, this is what Benicio and Steven tried to tell in the movie. It’s right here, a people fighting a war for their dignity and their land. The principles of Che Guevara are very important to them." However, Longoria returned the live animal before departing, opting for a camel statuette in its place.
Home media.
The film was released on Region 1 DVD in January 2009 exclusively from Blockbuster for 60 days as per an agreement with IFC. The Criterion Collection was originally scheduled to release the film on Region 1 Blu-ray Disc in December 2009. However, the release date was re-scheduled to January 19, 2010. The two-disc Blu-ray Disc release features 1080p video and a Spanish DTS-HD Master Audio 5.1 soundtrack (with English subtitles).
Additional supplements include audio commentaries on both films featuring Jon Lee Anderson—author of "Che Guevara: A Revolutionary Life", and a 20-page booklet featuring an essay by film critic Amy Taubin. There are also three short documentaries on Guevara: "Making Che"—a documentary about the film's production, "Che and the Digital Revolution"—a documentary about the Red One Camera technology that was used in the film's production, and "End of a Revolution"—a 1968 documentary by Brian Moser who was in Bolivia looking for Che when Che was executed.
Iranian "Che".
Iranian director Ebrahim Hatamikia has directed a movie named "Che" in memory of Mostafa Chamran. Some Iranian websites and people believe that this movie is based on 48 hours of Chamran's life, but the name of the movie and the poster are undoubtedly copied from Steven Soderbergh's "Che".
External links.
Multimedia

</doc>
<doc id="2881462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881462" title="Arachnocampa">
Arachnocampa

Arachnocampa is a genus of five fungus gnat species which have a luminescent larval stage, akin to the larval stage of glowworm beetles. The species of "Arachnocampa" are endemic to New Zealand and Australia, dwelling in caves and grottos, or sheltered places in forests.
A previous synonym was ""Bolitiphila"," meaning "mushroom lover," in the past. The name was changed in 1924 to "Arachnocampa", meaning "spider-worm," for the way the larvae hang sticky silk threads to ensnare prey. The genus "Arachnocampa" belongs in the family Keroplatidae.
Common features.
"Arachnocampa" species go through a life cycle of eggs hatching to larvae then pupating to an adult fly. They spend most of their life as larvae.
The larval stage lasts about 6 to 12 months, depending on food. The larva emerges from the egg only about 3 to 5 millimetres long, and through its life grows to about 3 centimeters.
The larva spins a nest out of silk on the ceiling of the cave and then hangs down as many as 70 threads of silk (called snares) from around the nest, each up to 30 or 40 cm long and holding droplets of mucus. The larvae can only live in a place out of the wind, to stop their lines being tangled, hence caves, overhangs or deep rainforest. In some species, the droplets of mucus on the silk threads are poisonous enhancing the trap's ability to subdue prey quickly.
The larva glows to attract prey into its threads, perhaps luring them into believing they are outdoors, for the roof of a cave covered with larva can look remarkably like a blue starry sky at night. A hungry larva glows brighter than one which has just eaten. Prey include midges, mayflies, caddis flies, mosquitos, moths, or even small snails or millipedes. When prey is caught by a line the larva pulls it up (at up to about 2 millimetres a second) and feeds. If prey is scarce the larvae will turn to cannibalism, eating other larvae, pupae or adult flies.
The glow is the result of a chemical reaction that involves luciferin, the substrate; luciferase, the enzyme that acts upon luciferin; adenosine triphosphate, the energy molecule; and oxygen. It occurs in modified excretory organs known as Malpighian tubules in the abdomen.
The body of the larva is soft while the head capsule is hard. When it outgrows the head capsule it moults, shedding its skin. This happens four times through its life.
At the end of the larva stage it becomes a pupa, hanging down from the roof of the cave. The pupa stage lasts about 1 or 2 weeks and it glows intermittently. The male stops glowing a few days before emerging, the female's glow increases. The glow from the female is believed to be to attract a mate, and males may be waiting there when she emerges.
The adults (of both sexes) cannot feed and live only a short time. They glow, but only intermittently. Their sole purpose is to mate, and for the female to lay eggs. Adult insects are poor fliers and so will often remain in the same area, building a colony of glowworms. The female lays a total of about 130 eggs, in clumps of 40 or 50, and dies soon after laying. The eggs hatch after about 20 days and the cycle repeats.
The larvae are sensitive to light and disturbance and will retreat into their nests and stop glowing if they or their snares are touched. Generally they have few predators. Their greatest danger is from human interference.

</doc>
<doc id="2881463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881463" title="Germanos III of Old Patras">
Germanos III of Old Patras

Germanos III of Old Patras (; 1771–1826), born Georgios Gotzias, was an Orthodox Metropolitan of Patras.
Germanos was born in Dimitsana, northwestern Arcadia, Peloponnese. Before his consecration as Metropolitan of Patras by Patriarch Gregory V, he had served as a priest and Protosyngellus in Smyrna.
Greek Revolution.
According to tradition was that on March 25, 1821, Bishop Germanos blessed a Greek flag at the Monastery of Agia Lavra and proclaimed the national uprising against the Ottoman Empire. Another revolt of Greek War of Independence had also been declared on February 21 by Alexandros Ypsilantis in Iaşi.

</doc>
<doc id="2881472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881472" title="David Neumann">
David Neumann

David Neumann is an American choreographer, dancer and actor. He is known for his magnetic energy and his charismatic performances.
He was born in 1965 in Paris and then grew up in New Jersey. He was infatuated with movement from a young age and had incredible energy as a child. He describes the particular problems this posed for his parents saying that they devised a “weird bungee cord kind of harness thing, so whenever I got a good burst of speed, I would always return to where I started. I was very, very active as a kid.” 
Neumann eventually used this energy into dance. He was part of his high school’s dance company and experimented with popular dance forms in clubs and informal performance spaces. He eventually went on to perform with the late club legend Willi Ninja, well known for his appearance in the film Paris is Burning.
Neumann went on to study theater at SUNY Purchase, while continuing to dance. He first started working with Doug Elkins during that time. He went on to be a founding member of the Doug Elkins Dance Company and he worked with them for eight years.
After his graduation in 1988 Neumann continued dancing and worked with the Doug Elkins Dance Company, with whom he toured nationally and internationally. Neumann has continued to work within the dance field while also expanding to include work in theatre, opera and film. He has worked with directors such as Hal Hartley, Laurie Anderson, Robert Woodruff, Lee Breuer, Peter Sellars, JoAnn Akalaitis, Chris Bayes, Mark Wing-Davey, Daniel Sullivan, Les Waters and Molly Smith.
Neumann has received various critical accolades for his work both as a dance and as a choreographer. Notably he received a Bessie award in 1991 for his performance and in 1998 for his choreography.
Neumann founded his own company called the advanced beginner group in 2001. His work has been supported by various grants including a 2009 Creative Capital Grant, a 2007 Meet the Composer Grant, a 2004 Rockefeller Foundation Multi-Arts Production grant and a 1993 Princess Grace Fellowship in Theater. This group has received various commissions and most recently appeared at Jacob's Pillow Dance Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="2881475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881475" title="Gary Larsen">
Gary Larsen

Gary Larsen (born March 13, 1942 in Fargo, North Dakota) was a defensive tackle in the NFL and played college football at Concordia College, Moorhead, Minnesota. He started his NFL career in 1964 with the Los Angeles Rams and then became a part of the famous Purple People Eaters for the Minnesota Vikings from 1965 through 1974. He was selected to two Pro Bowls and played in Super Bowls IV, VIII and IX.
He was known as the "policeman", the player who covered the run while Eller, Marshall, and Page attacked the quarterback. According to Minnesota Viking records, he recorded 38.5 sacks in his 11-year career.

</doc>
<doc id="2881485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881485" title="Ini (pharaoh)">
Ini (pharaoh)

Menkheperre Ini (or Iny Si-Ese Meryamun) was an Egyptian king reigning at Thebes during the 8th century BC following the last king of the 23rd dynasty, Rudamun.
__FORCETOC__
Attestations.
Menkheperre Ini was probably Rudamun's successor at Thebes but was not a member of his predecessor's 23rd dynasty. Unlike the 23rd dynasty rulers, he was a local king who ruled only at Thebes for at least 4–5 years after the death of Rudamun. His existence was first revealed with the publication of a dated Year 5 graffito at an Egyptian temple by Helen Jacquet-Gordon in 1979. Prior to 1989, he was conventionally attested by only three documents: 
Then in 1989, Jean Yoyotte published an important new study on Ini/Iny's reign in a CRIPEL 11 paper. Below is a partial English summary of his article by Chris Bennett:
Identity.
Yoyotte's proposed identification of Menkheperre as the prenomen of King Ini/Iny, was based on his examination of the surviving traces of this king's nomen in the Louvre stela which he believed conformed better with the name Iny than the Nubian Dynasty 25 ruler Pi(ankh)y/Piye. His arguments here are today accepted by virtually all Egyptologists including Jürgen von Beckerath in the latter's 1999 book on royal Egyptian king's names.
It had been previously suggested that Menkheperre was a prenomen or royal title for Piye but this is undermined by the fact that the Nubian king is known to have employed two other prenomens during his lifetime: Usimare and Sneferre. Barring this, Ini was only a local king of Thebes who ruled Egypt concurrently with Peftjaubast of Herakleopolis and Nimlot of Hermopolis. Ini may have been deposed around Piye's Year 20 invasion of Egypt since he does not appear in the latter's Year 21 Gebel Barkal Victory stela, but this hypothesis remains to be proven because Piye could well have permitted Ini to remain in power as king of Thebes. In this case, Ini would have been a Nubian vassal in Thebes. Evidence to this effect includes the name of king Ini's daughter, Mutirdis, and the style of Louvre stela C100 which Kenneth Kitchen long ago noticed should be dated to the early 25th Nubian Dynasty period. However, all three of Ini's nomen cartouche on his Louvre C100 stela were erased and his figure was partly damaged which may imply that Piye's successor Shabaka removed Ini from power and carried out a damnatio memoriae campaign against his monuments. This would justify the view that Graffito No.11 was carved not long before the establishment of full Kushite dominion over Egypt by Shabaka who would not have tolerated a native Egyptian king in the important city of Thebes which would pose a threat to the authority of the 25th Nubian dynasty.
External links.
Note: Jacquet Gordon published a transcription Ini's Year 6 of the Khonsu temple graffito in this 2003 University of Chicago publication titled "The Graffiti on the Khonsu Temple Roof at Karnak: A Manifestation of Personal Piety" where it is named Graffito 146: see online pages 79-80

</doc>
<doc id="2881504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881504" title="Alida Rockefeller Messinger">
Alida Rockefeller Messinger

Alida Ferry Rockefeller (born 1948) is an American philanthropist. She is the youngest daughter of John Davison Rockefeller III (1906—1978) and Blanchette Ferry Hooker (1909—1992), and a fourth-generation member of the Rockefeller family. Her brother is Senator John Davison "Jay" Rockefeller IV (born 1937). According to an account in the "New York Times", Alida was only five years old when her father began to teach her about philanthropy. She said:
"My father and mother's greatest fear was that their four children might take their wealth for granted and grow up spoiled and arrogant... They wanted us to learn early that with wealth comes responsibility."
She is a major donor to conservation and environmental organizations. Her "Alida R. Messinger Charitable Trust" also funds conservation and environmental groups, as does the Rockefeller Family Fund, founded in 1967, of which she is a trustee.
Messinger also contributes financially to the Center for Public Integrity. She gave over a million dollars to democratic-leaning 527 organizations in 2004.
She married future Minnesota Governor Mark Dayton in 1978. They had two sons together, Eric and Andrew, before divorcing in 1986. She has one daughter with her current husband William Messinger.

</doc>
<doc id="2881507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881507" title="USS Mattabesett">
USS Mattabesett

USS "Mattabesett or Mattabesset" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2881513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881513" title="Salman Raduyev">
Salman Raduyev

Salman Raduyev (or Raduev; ; February 13, 1967 – December 14, 2002) was a Chechen separatist warlord considered to be one of the most radical and notorious rebel commanders of the period between 1994 and 1999. Arrested in 2000, he died in a Russian penal colony under mysterious circumstances.
Early life.
Raduyev was born in 1967 into the Gordaloy teip (clan) in Novogroznensky near Gudermes in eastern Chechnya. During the early 1980s Raduyev was active in the communist youth league Komsomol of which he eventually became a leader for the whole Chechen-Ingush Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic. After attending a high school in Gudermes, Raduyev served 1985-1987 in the Soviet Army as a construction engineer in a Strategic Rocket Forces unit stationed in the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic, where he became a member of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. After demobilization, he studied economy and worked in Soviet construction industry.
After Chechnya declared independence, he was appointed the prefect of Gudermes in June 1992 by his father-in-law, Dzhokhar Dudayev, who was the president of the Chechen Republic of Ichkeria. He also married the daughter of Dudayev's cousin.
Field commander.
During the First Chechen War Raduyev became a field commander for the separatist Chechen forces. He fought in the battle of Grozny and was wounded in March 1995 during an attempt to capture him by the Russian special forces. In October 1995, he became one of the most important of the Chechen field commanders, commanding the 6th Brigade based in the strategically important Gudermessky District and responsible for the Gudermessky, part of the capital Grozny and the town of Argun. On December 14, 1995, Raduyev, along with Sultan Geliskhanov, led a raid on the city of Gudermes.
On January 9, 1996, Raduyev, allegedly copying Shamil Basayev's 1995 Budyonnovsk attack, led a large-scale Kizlyar hostage taking raid into neighbouring Russian region of Dagestan, where his men took hostage at least 2,000 civilians. The raid, which made Raduyev world-famous, escalated into the all-out battle and ended with the complete destruction of the border village of Pervomayskoye, and other Chechen leaders criticised Raduyev. In March 1996, he was shot in the head and incorrectly reported dead; Russian special forces claimed to have "killed" him in revenge for the Kizlyar attack, while the other sources said he was shot in a Chechen feud. On March 7, 63 out of 101 deputies of the Parliament of Estonia sent condolences to Dudayev expressing "deep sympathy with the Chechen people" on "the loss of commander Raduyev," sparking a rove with the Russian Duma. In fact, Raduyev just disappeared as he went for medical treatment abroad.
Warlord.
In the summer of 1996, Raduyev returned to the republic and refused the orders of the Chechnya's acting president Zelimkhan Yandarbiyev to stop carrying out terrorist operations (he claimed ordering bombings of trolleybuses in Moscow and train stations in Armavir and Pyatigorsk), despite the ceasefire and talks that would lead up to the Khasav-Yurt Accord. He even accused Yandarbiyev of treason for agreeing to ceasfire and threatened to attack him. Raduyev, his face deformed by injury and now hidden behind bushy red beard and black sunglasses, was the only field commander to announce openly that the "war without rules" with Russia would continue even despite the signing of the peace agreement.
In 1997, the newly elected Chechen president Aslan Maskhadov stripped Raduyev from the rank of brigadier general to private. However, further action was blocked by a public opposition from a Raduyev-led war veterans, including a prolonged rally in Grozny. This rally ended in a shootout resulting in the deaths of both the commander of Raduyev's militia Vakha Dzhafarov and of the Chechen security forces chief Lechi Khultygov. Meanwhile, Raduyev kept claiming responsibility for every explosion in Russia, including even official gas leaks. He claimed that Dudayev, who had died in 1996, has been still alive, and issuing orders to him from "a secret NATO base in Turkey" with the goal of the "liberation" of entire North Caucasus. Raduyev's eccentric behaviour was however not widely popular in Chechnya. Many openly doubted his sanity: in an interview in 1997, Maskhadov described Raduyev as "mentally ill"; even Basayev, who has been Raduyev's ally in the opposition against Maskhadov, reportedly called him "crazy". In October 1997, Raduyev was again severely injured by a car bomb which killed three other people. Previously, he survived at least two other assassination attempts, in April and July 1997.
In May 1998, the Chechnya's Islamic court sentenced Raduyev in absence to four years in prison for allegedly attempting to overthrow Maskhadov, but made no attempt to arrest him. In September 1998, Raduyev announced a "temporary moratorium" on acts of terrorism. As a sign of his good gesture towards Russia, Raduyev claimed that it was he who freed the nine kidnapped Russian servicemen from their captors. He also became conflicted with the Islamist circles and called to ban "Wahhabism" in Chechnya. In January 1999, he backed the republic's parliament in its conflict with the Sharia Court. His private army-style militia, some 1,000-strong and called "General Dudayev's Army", was reportedly involved in several train robberies.
In early 1999, Raduyev vanished from public again while undergoing a major plastic surgery operation in Germany, in effect acquiring a new face. The alleged implants of titanium earned him the nickname of "Titanic" in Russia, while in Chechnya he became popularly known as "Michael Jackson", a reference to his plastic surgery. Still seriously ill and recovering from surgery, Raduyev had vowed "reprisals" against Russia for the March 1999 sentencing of two Chechen women. In September 1999, at the start of the Second Chechen War, Raduyev organized a rally in Grozny attended by 12,000 people where he urged residents to stay home and prepare to defend the city. His militia was reported to be virtually destroyed in a series of serious setbacks during the early fighting in the late 1999. He stopped talking about new terrorist attacks that he was going to organize.
Arrest and trial.
Raduyev was captured in March 2000 by Russian special operations unit "Vympel" in his home in Novogroznensky; soon after his arrest he was shown on television clean shaven, after Russian guards had forcefully shaven his beard. The Russian president Vladimir Putin said that Raduyev had confessed to trying to assassinate Eduard Shevardnadze, the president of Georgia.
Raduyev was tried on 18 different charges, including terrorism, banditry, hostage-taking, organization of murders and organization of illegal armed formations. He pleaded not guilty, maintained he was only following orders, claimed to suffer from no mental disorders whatsoever and said he hopes to be released from prison in some 10–12 years. Dozens of witnesses were called to testify, but many of the alleged victims of his actions had refused to participate. In December 2001, he was sentenced to life in prison. His appeal was rejected by the Supreme Court of the Russian Federation in April 2002.
Death.
In December 2002, Raduyev died in the White Swan penal colony in Solikamsk from internal bleeding. The Russian authorities said he was not beaten to death, but died due to a "serious and protracted diseases". Raduyev's body was not returned to his family because of a newly introduced Russian law barring the release of bodies of people convicted (or accused) of terrorism.
The circumstances surrounding the death of Raduyev are not clear and according to his family and the separatists he was murdered in prison after he refused to talk about the accusations against Akhmed Zakayev, then arrested in Denmark. "Kommersant" daily said that "the real reason for Raduev's death will probably never be known," while "Vremya Novostei" suggested that, after being forced to give all the information requested from him, he was therefore "no longer needed" by the Russian authorities and killed. Amnesty International has called for a full investigation into the circumstances surrounding his death but the request was ignored and his body not exhumed.
Salman Raduyev was survived by his wife and two sons – Johar and Zelimhan, living abroad.

</doc>
<doc id="2881516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881516" title="Battle of Balikpapan (1945)">
Battle of Balikpapan (1945)

The Battle of Balikpapan was the concluding stage of the Operation Oboe. The landings took place on 1 July 1945. The Australian 7th Division, composed of the 18th, 21st and 25th Infantry Brigades, with support troops, made an amphibious landing, codenamed Operation Oboe Two a few miles north of Balikpapan, on the island of Borneo. The landing had been preceded by heavy bombing and shelling by Australian and US air and naval forces. The Japanese were outnumbered and outgunned, but like the other battles of the Pacific War, many of them fought to the death.
Major operations had ceased by July 21. The 7th Division's casualties were significantly lighter than they had suffered in previous campaigns. The battle was one of the last to occur in World War II, beginning a few weeks before the bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki effectively ended the war. Japan surrendered while the Australians were combing the jungle for stragglers.
Following the surrender the three Brigades were committed to occupation duties until around February 1946. The 21st Brigade was detached to Makassar in the Celebes Islands to accept surrender of the Japanese forces, release POWs and maintain civil order.
Order of battle.
Allied Units ("Oboe Two Force").
Air Units.
Royal Australian Air Force
United States Army Air Forces
United States Marine Corps
United States Navy

</doc>
<doc id="2881530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881530" title="Sheryn Regis">
Sheryn Regis

Sheryn Mae Poncardas Regis better known as simply Sheryn Regis (The Crystal Voice of Asia), is a Filipina pop singer-songwriter, host, entrepreneur and actress. She rose to fame in popular singing competition Star in a Million in 2003 where she was a consistent top scorer but eventually ended up as runner-up to Erik Santos in January 2003.
She was as well known for singing theme songs from ABS-CBN's Marina, Krystala, Kampanerang Kuba, Gulong ng Palad, Maria Flordeluna, Prinsesa ng Banyera and many more. She released has studio albums and collabaoration albums where are many are certified gold, platinum and multi-platinum.
She was a member of ABS-CBN homegrown talent, Star Magic, and now resides in the United States continuing her singing career by doing concerts and stage acting. She popularized in the Philippines the number one hit Come in out of the Rain.
Early life.
Sheryn was born and raised in Carcar City, Cebu, to Bernardo and Daisy Regis. She is the eldest of three kids, and has two siblings, Elton and Joseph. Regis' mother guided her in singing. At the age of two, Sheryn was able to hum and sing simple tunes as her mom recalls. Her first and favorite contest piece was Kuh Ledesma’s “Dito Ba,” which Sheryn learned at the age of five. At seven, Sheryn started joining amateur singing contests. Her winnings were used to buy tapes of Shirley Bassey’s hits for her next contest piece. And at the age of eight, Sheryn won her first grand prize by singing Tillie Moreno’s “Saan Ako Nagkamali?"
Aside from singing, Regis offered voice lessons to children while in high school. During her college years, Sheryn was able to finish her B.S. Secondary Education, with a major in English at Cebu Normal University. It was during these years, too, that she was exposed to theater acting and chorale singing. It gave her a chance to travel abroad, and to perform for Filipino communities in Canada and in the USA. Both Leo Martinez and Gina Alajar served as workshop mentors. In 1999, she was awarded as the "Best Interpreter" at the Cebu Pop Music Festival (a songwriting festival), when she sang "Among Gabayan" written by Fr. Jed Ponce Billones.Their entry was also hailed as the Grand Prize winner
Regis worked as a lounge singer at the Cebu Plaza Hotel where she met Earl Echiverri (cousin of Caloocan City mayor Enrico "Recom" Echiverri). In 2002, they exchanged vows and had a daughter nicknamed “Sweety” the following year.
Early career.
Sheryn first appeared in a longest running noontime show Eat Bulaga though its segment, Birit Baby in 2002 where she became a grand finalist before she joined on the singing competition in ABS-CBN.
In 2003, Sheryn Regis entered ABS-CBN’s "Star in a Million". She was the consistent top finalist from first episode and was dubbed the Power Belter. However, she ended up as the first runner-up but won as texter’s choice awardee during the Grand Champion Night last January 3, 2004 where she sang "Come in out of the rain" as her singing piece which became her first single in her debut album. It was her most success single of her career and many considered it as her signature song. After this, Regis went back to Cebu, and was later offered a recording contract by ABS-CBN and another recording company. She accepted ABS-CBN’s offer.
After Star in a Million.
In 2004, Sheryn was chosen by Mr. Vehnee Saturno to represent Philippines in Voice of Asia at Kazahkstan where she was an online favorite and winning 2 Prize Silver Trophy at end of the competition. She sang "Isang Lahi", "Sana'y 'Di Pangarap", "Now More Than Ever" and her piece "Follow your Dreams." 
After her success in the said competition and appeared in different shows on ABS-CBN. She was cast in noontime show MTB, Most Requested Show, and many others. After all the success, she was tagged as Shinning Star
She had her first concert, "Higher Note," at the Music Museum, followed by several concerts here and abroad.
She has also performed together with fellow singers Sarah Geronimo, Erik Santos, Rachelle Ann Go, Frenchie Dy, Jerome Sala, Mark Bautista, and Christian Bautista, and has garnered fame in The Philippines, and internationally, as part of the group dubbed "The Champions."
Albums.
Come In Out of the Rain.
Even just before she released her second single, Come In Out of the Rain was a nationwide radio hit. It stayed for 12 consecutive weeks as number one on MYX daily countdown with another hits like Maybe and Kailan Kaya, a song made by Raul Mitra and Cacai Velasquez. Kailan Kaya was introduced as an official theme song of ABS-CBN's hit fantaserye Marina.
By May 2004, Sheryn Regis officially launched her debut album under Star Records dubbed 'Come In Out of the Rain, Sheryn Regis. The album was produced by Jonathan Manahan. Included in the album is Follow Your Dream, composed and written by Mister Vehnee Saturno in which Sheryn used as a piece on Voice of Asia, where she won second place. A song written in Cebuano was also a part of her debut album as a tribute to Cebu's patron saint, Sr. Sto. Niño.
She had her first concert, "Higher Note," at the Music Museum which were sold-out.
For barely three months, Come In Out of the Rain attained Gold Record Award and eventually became Platinum.
What I Do Best.
Early in the year Sheryn, receive different awards and nomination from different award giving bodies. She was awarded by the 21st Year-Ender Excellence Awards as Top Entertainer International Achievement Awardee and Best Female Performer in Asia Pacific and highly nominated in the prestigious 18th Awit Award. She had been nominated in 4 categories from her debut album, Best Inspirational Song ("Follow Your Dream"), Best Regional Recording ("Among Gabayan"), Best Song Written for Movie/TV/Stage Play ("Kailan Kaya") and Best Concert Performer in an Intimate Venue Female.
In July 2005, Sheryn launched her second album, "Sheryn Regis, What I Do Best."
She is the voice behind the song Sabihin Mo Sa Akin, the theme from ABS-CBN’s fantaserye, Kampanerang Kuba.
After the success of her carrier single, she launched her second single by late 2005, Hindi Ko Kayang Iwan Ka. It was chosen as a love theme song of ABS-CBN remake teleserye, Gulong ng Palad. Aside from this, her love song, Sa Piling Mo was aired as a wedding song on the same show.
By April 2006, she released the last single from her second album, Dahil Nagmamahal and was chosen as a theme song of Bernadette Sembrano's Nagmamahal Kapamilya.
Two songs from this album received recognition. The carrier single, What I do Best won as Best Song Performed by a Female Artist given by iFM Pinoy Music Awards. Hindi Ko Kayang Iwan Ka, which is actually the most popular song from this album received a prestigious award. It was named by S Magazine as song of the year. At that time, she was dubbed the Crystal Voice of Asia, a title contested by the camp of another Filipino singer Mari Nallos, who held the title much earlier when she was under contract with Star Records.
What I do Best received Gold Record Award by PARI.
The Modern Jukebox Collection.
On October 2006, Sheryn began recording for her third album under Star Records. The album was set to release on November 20, 2006. Her first single off the album was a cover of a Leah Navarro original, Ang Pag-Ibig Kong Ito.
Sheryn's remake of Joey Albert's I Remember the Boy was chosen as Jasmine's Theme Song for ABS-CBN's teleserye featuring Kim Chiu and Gerald Anderson, "Sana Maulit Muli". She also sang the theme song of the teleserye, Maria Flordeluna. She also revived the popular Kuh Ledesma Hit Dito Ba from the Hit Afternoon Drama Prinsesa ng Banyera which served as the theme song.
She later launched her second official single from the album, a song penned by Ricky Sanchez, Ang Lahat Para Sa 'Yo, while her self-composition, "Pusong Lito", enjoyed frequent airplay in provincial radio stations and was able to reach the Number 1 spot in the MOR Top Hits of MOR Cebu 97.1 Lupig Sila. It was chosen as the theme song of ABS-CBN Cebu's cebuanovela Summer Sunshine.
Early 2008, Sheryn released her third and final single from the album, Sayang na Sayang, a cover of the Manilyn Reynes original. By end of February, the music video for the single was shot with her Love Spell costar and Be Bench finalist, John James Uy, as the leading man.
Starting Over Again.
During the release of her third single from her jukebox album, Sheryn started hinting the public of an upcoming fourth album with a tentative June release. It was also during the planning stages of her fourth album that Sheryn became part of Star Magic, the talent management arm of her mother station, ABS-CBN.
The album, aptly titled Starting Over Again, released its first single bearing the same title, which is based on the Natalie Cole version (the song was originally sung by Dionne Warwick with different lyrics), during the final week of May. The album contains seven revivals and three originals. Sheryn, along with her husband, penned an English original, My Heart Beats for You. Anabelle Regalado, managing director of Star Records, also contributed a Tagalog original, Sana Nandito Ka. Vehnee Saturno, who is also one of the composers on the album with his song Patunayan Mo, was also its producer. This is the first time that one of Sheryn's albums was produced by somebody other than producer Jonathan Manalo.
The carrier of her fourth album was chosen as an official theme song of ABS-CBN's Koreanovela, Three Dads with One Mommy.
Media appearances.
Sheryn has the become part of different variety shows, "Most Requested Show" and "ASAP".
Sheryn hosted the now-defunct "Search for the Star in a Million Season 2" with fellow champs Erik, Rachelle Ann, and Mark. She is also the host of "Little Big Star Cebu", which was reportedly ranked as the fourth top-rating show in ABS-CBN's Nationwide Charts.
In October 2007, Sheryn was given her first major dual acting role as a fairy godmother and an evil witch who are twin sisters in Love Spell's Cindyrella, starring Kim Chiu and Gerald Anderson. Sheryn expressed her excitement as she is given the opportunity to dabble into acting and use her past experience in theater. The series ran through early January 2008.
Early 2008, Sheryn Regis was chosen to be part of the cast of Utoy with Dolphy and Makisig Morales as main stars. However, the teleserye was not aired due to unknown reason.
On June of the same year, she was reported to be part of the final cast of I Love Betty La Fea, ABS-CBN's remake of Betty La Fea, which stars Bea Alonzo on the lead role. Sheryn played the role of Kylie in the series.
She left the Philippines in 2010 to migrate to the United States with her family.
When Sheryn came back in the Philippines in January 2013, she appeared in Bandila under the segment Ikaw Na! of Boy Abunda. Further, she became a consistent guest singer in the TV5 show, Wowowillie. It was also in 2013 when Sheryn released a digital single entitled "Sinungaling Mong Puso" which was composed by Mr. Vehnee Saturno.
In January 2014, she again visited the Philippines. Sheryn was invited as guest to several TV shows like Sunday All Stars, Unang Hirit and Banana Nite and as a guest judge in It's Showtime. In her interview in Umagang Kay Ganda, she mentioned that she will only stay up to May.
Live Performances.
In November 2004, Sheryn became part of Viva Concerts' Pinoy Idols: Battle of the Popstars which was held at the Araneta Collesium. Along with her was Raymond Manalo, Christian Bautista, Mark Bautista, Rachelle Ann Go, Frenchie Dy and Sarah Geronimo. In her solo performance, she performed a medley of her hits, Kailan Kaya, Maybe and Come on in ouf of the Rain. It was said that the concert was sold out.
In May 2008, she was part of Erik Santos' US Tour. John Prats, Liza Manalo, Denise Laurel, and Pooh were also guests in the concert.
Sheryn as well as Pinoy Dream Academy Season 2 winner Laarni Lozada became part of Ronnie Liang's concert, My Ballad, My Music where it was reported that Ronnie's talent fee will proceed to the Aeta people in Angeles, Pampanga. It was held November 2009 the Metro Bar.
Sheryn was also invited as a guest performer in Rachelle Ann Go's send-off concert in February 2014. Rachelle together with Sheryn and Jimmy Marquez sang Lady Marmalade. Other guests include Mark Bautista, Christian Bautista, Erik Santos and Regine Velasquez.
In celebration of Solaire Resort & Casino's first anniversary, A Celebration with the Champions was held in March 2014. Sheryn was part of the concert together with Mark Bautista, fellow Star in a Million contestants Erik Santos and Christian Bautista, The Voice of the Philippines finalists Morissette Amon and Klarisse de Guzman, and finally American Idol (Season 11) finalists Jessica Sanchez and Hollie Cavanagh. Sheryn sang a medley of her hits during her solo performance. Moreover, she was part of a trio performance along with Klarisse and Morisette.
On April 2014, she had a concert in Al Nasr Leisureland, Dubai with the Star Power grand champion, Angeline Quinto. The concert is named as “A Night with the Ultimate Divas” which was produced by Prolife Events: Concert Producers & Promoters and was presented by Power Horse Energy Drink.
In celebration of Mother's Day, Sheryn as well as Jon "Prince of Broadway" Joven had a concert entitled "A Mother's Day to Remember: Concert of World Class Performers" at the Pacific Star Resort & Spa, May 9, 2014. 
In June 2014, PLDT US Mobility sponsored a concert for Filipinos in California entitled Freedom Concert Tour as part of the 116th Philippine Independence Day. Part of the concert was Sheryn as well as other Filipino artists and celebrities namely Marian Rivera, Ogie Alcasid, Regine Velasquez, Alden Richards, Jonalyn Viray, Sheryn Regis, Allan K, Giselle Sanchez and Jannelle So. Part of the proceeds were donated for the relief and rehabilitation efforts of the Philippine Disaster Recovery Foundation.
Artistry.
Music and Voice
Regis's music is generally pop and ballad and sings more songs mostly about love and heartbreak with low to high notes. She also sing RnB, Pop rock/Rock, Acoustic, Adult Contemporaray/soul. Sheryn Regis's voice is premier versatile where she can shift into high to low notes and can sing all genres. Her voice is classified as lyric/dramatic coloratura soprano. Her voice somewhat similar to foreign divas like Mariah Carey, Celine Dion or Whitney Houston.
Influence
Sheryn has cited Whitney Houston as her major influence and she grew up singing Houston Hits. Regis also cited Regine Velasquez and Lea Salongga as her musical influence in the Philippines. Some of her musical influence are Mariah Carey, Michael Jackson, Celine Dion, Aretha Franklin, Beyonce, Kuh Ledesma Lani Misalucha, Jaya.
Philanthropy and other venture
Sheryn launched The Little Voice Foundation during Sheryn's birthday concert on November 26, 2005, at the SM Megamall Cinema 10. It aims is to provide education to poor children between 5-12.She also engaged in clothing line business which located in different malls in the Philippines. Some of earnings were put on her business.
Media Soundtracks/Theme Songs.
Sheryn is also prominently known for singing a lot of themesongs for ABS-CBN teleseryes.

</doc>
<doc id="2881534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881534" title="Akiko Suwanai">
Akiko Suwanai

She was the youngest winner of the International Tchaikovsky Competition in 1990. In addition, she won second place in the Queen Elisabeth Music Competition in 1989 and is a laureate of the International Japan Competition.
She has studied with Toshiya Eto at the Toho Gakuen School of Music, with Dorothy DeLay and Cho-Liang Lin at the Juilliard School of Music while at Columbia University, and with Uwe-Martin Haiberg at the Universität der Künste Berlin. In March 2011, she was accused by Tokyo authorities of failing to pay close to £240,000 (30 million yen) in taxes.
She currently plays the 1714 Dolphin Stradivarius, which is on loan from the Nippon Music Foundation.
References.
Decca Music Group's Biography for Akiko Suwanai
[http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/asia/japan/8634895/Classical-violinist-Akiko-Suwanais-240000-unpaid-tax-bill.html]
Akiko Suwanai Official website 

</doc>
<doc id="2881544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881544" title="Moratorium (entertainment)">
Moratorium (entertainment)

A moratorium in the home entertainment business refers to the practice of suspending the sales on home video DVD, VHS, and Blu-ray movies and boxed sets after a certain period of time. Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment practices moratorium more than any other production company, often with releases of classic animated movies in the Disney catalogue.
Disney is not the only studio that puts movies on moratorium. In 2002, Universal Pictures used this practice with the release of the "Back to the Future" DVD boxed set. George Lucas also used this practice with the "Star Wars" trilogy DVD boxed set. However, the moratorium was lifted on "Back to the Future" in 2009 before the release of the 25th anniversary Blu-ray set and on "Star Wars", once "" was released to theatres on May 19, 2005. Disney itself states that moratorium is done to both control their market and to allow Disney films to be fresh for new generations of young children. 
The practice of moratorium has been frowned upon by consumers because it forces higher sale prices. A normal DVD that is sold under moratorium can sell at retail for a very high price relative to the general run of DVDs. However, prices are known to drop near the end of the issue. In the past, a moratorium created urgency for people interested in a film to obtain it before it became unavailable. A side effect of the moratorium process is the fact that videos and DVDs of films, once they are placed on moratorium, become collector's items. Additional unintended side-effects to the practice of moratorium has made films a prime target for on-line video-sharing site distribution and the proliferation of counterfeit DVD manufacturing.

</doc>
<doc id="2881547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881547" title="Half-Windsor knot">
Half-Windsor knot

The half-Windsor knot, also known as the single Windsor knot, is a way of tying a necktie which produces a neat, triangular knot. It is larger than the four-in-hand knot and Pratt knot, but smaller than the Windsor knot. The half-Windsor is derived from the Windsor in that it is only brought up around the loop on one side rather than both. It works well with light- and medium-weight fabrics.
Tying.
To tie the half-Windsor, place the tie around your neck and cross the broad end of the tie in front of the narrow end. Fold the broad end behind the narrow end and bring it forward on the opposite side. The left and right sides of the narrow end, and the inside of the loop around your neck, form a triangle. Continue folding the tie over the sides of this triangle, rotating around the triangle in one direction. The sixth fold should bring the broad end up over the top of the knot from behind; push the end down through the loop in front of the knot between the fourth and fifth folds, work out any wrinkles, and pull the knot tight. If the tie is unbalanced, untie the knot and try again giving yourself more or less length to work with. 
The steps are: Start with the wide end of the tie on your right and extending a foot before the narrow end, Cross wide end over narrow and turn back underneath, Bring it up and turn it down through the loop, Pass the wide in from the front, from the left and to the right, Then, end up through the loop, and put it down through the knot in the front, tighten the knot carefully and draw it up to the collar. 
According to The 85 Ways to Tie a Tie (Thomas Fink and Yong Mao), the knot is tied,
with a common variation being,
the former is not self-releasing, while the latter is.

</doc>
<doc id="2881553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881553" title="Brian Spencer">
Brian Spencer

Brian Roy "Spinner" Spencer (September 3, 1949 – June 3, 1988) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player who played ten seasons in the National Hockey League for the Buffalo Sabres, Toronto Maple Leafs, New York Islanders and Pittsburgh Penguins.
Career.
Brian Spencer was drafted in the fifth Round, 55th overall by the Toronto Maple Leafs in the 1969 NHL Entry Draft. On December 12, 1970, when Spencer was called up to play with the Leafs in what would be his first NHL game on television, he telephoned his father Roy in British Columbia to tell him to watch the game that night on "Hockey Night in Canada". Spencer was to be interviewed between periods of the game. However, a game featuring the Vancouver Canucks versus the California Golden Seals was aired instead. Infuriated, Roy Spencer drove to Prince George, where the closest CBC Television station, CKPG-TV, is located. When he arrived, he ordered station staff, at gunpoint, to broadcast the Maple Leafs game instead. The station complied, but as Roy Spencer left the station, he was confronted by the RCMP. After a brief stand-off Roy Spencer was shot and killed.
After several seasons with Toronto and the New York Islanders, Spencer was acquired by the Buffalo Sabres. Spencer had his best offensive production in a Sabres uniform when he scored 41 points (12 goals, 29 assists) in 1974–75. Spencer played well in Buffalo and was extremely popular with the fans at Buffalo's Memorial Auditorium. His hustle, aggressive play, and hitting ability was something the fans admired. Spencer developed into a solid two-way player. He would however be dealt to the Pittsburgh Penguins in September 1977.
His offensive production declined as he took on the role of a checking forward with the Penguins. Spencer's last NHL season came in 1978–79 when he played seven games for Pittsburgh. He then finished his playing career in the AHL (Binghamton, Springfield and Hershey) and retired after the 1979–80 season.
Death.
After hockey, Spencer submerged himself in a life of drugs and violence. In 1987 he was charged with kidnapping and murder and faced the death penalty. Family and friends, including ex-teammates, gathered around him and tried to help. A former teammate from the Buffalo Sabres, Rick Martin, tried to help by testifying as a character witness at his trial. The jury returned a not guilty verdict in March 1988 and Spencer vowed to change his life. Despite the acquittal and a move to Florida, Spencer's life continued to spiral out of control. In almost a similar manner to how his father's life ended, Spencer's life would end the same way three months later: shot and killed at gunpoint, this time in a robbery following a crack cocaine purchase in Riviera Beach, Florida.
Spencer was survived by five children from two marriages, and his twin brother, Byron.
A book on Brian's life "Gross Misconduct: The Life of Spinner Spencer", written by Martin O'Malley, was adapted in 1993 by Atom Egoyan into a made-for-television film in Canada, "Gross Misconduct".

</doc>
<doc id="2881557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881557" title="John Litel">
John Litel

John Litel (December 30, 1892 – February 3, 1972) was an American film and television actor.
During World War I, Litel enlisted in the French Army and was twice decorated for bravery.
Back in the U.S. after the war, Litel enrolled in the American Academy of Dramatic Arts and began his stage career. In 1929, he started appearing in films. Part of the "Warner Bros. Stock Company" beginning in the 1930s, he appeared in dozens of Warner Bros. films. He often played supporting roles such as hard-nosed cops, district attorneys, etc. He appeared in over 200 films, including "They Drive by Night" (1940), "Knute Rockne, All American" (1940), "They Died with Their Boots On" (1941), "Scaramouche" (1952), and his final film role in "Nevada Smith" (1966).
From 1960 to 1961, he was cast as Dan Murchison in nine episodes of the ABC western television series, "Stagecoach West", starring Wayne Rogers and Robert Bray.
He appeared in many other series as well, including the role of Captain David Rowland in the episode "Don't Get Tough with a Sailor" on the ABC/Desilu western series, "The Life and Legend of Wyatt Earp", starring Hugh O'Brian. In the story line, Rowland, a former captain in the United States Navy is a wealthy Arizona Territory rancher who operates his own law and private jail near the Mexican border.
He appeared as Mr. Crenshaw in the episode "The Giant Killer" (March 3, 1959) of the ABC/Warner Brothers western series, "Sugarfoot", with Will Hutchins in the title role. In the segment Patricia Barry plays the recently widowed Doreen Bradley who with the assistance of Sugarfoot exposes to a grateful town the corruption and cowardice of Lou Stoner (R. G. Armstrong), a leading candidate for a territorial governorship. Others in the segment are Dorothy Provine, Russ Conway, and child actor Jay North.

</doc>
<doc id="2881558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881558" title="Bawu">
Bawu

The bawu (; also ba wu) is a Chinese wind instrument. Although shaped like a flute, it is actually a free reed instrument, with a single metal reed. It is played in a transverse (horizontal) manner. It has a pure, clarinet-like timbre and its playing technique incorporates the use of much ornamentation, particularly bending tones.
The "bawu" likely originated in the Yunnan province of southwest China, it has become a standard instrument throughout China, used in modern Chinese compositions for traditional instrument ensembles. The instrument is also closely associated with Hmong, Yi, Hani and other minority cultures in southwestern China. It is typically used as a solo instrument, and is often featured in film scores; it is sometimes also heard in popular music recordings.
Although the "bawu" is still predominantly performed in China, it has in recent years been adopted by European composers and performers. Rohan Leach from England, Raphael De Cock from Belgium, and Herman Witkam from the Netherlands have all taken the instrument in new directions. The musician Guo Yue, who now resides in England, has long promoted the instrument and plays it on all of his recordings.
Design and Construction.
The bawu is a free-reed aerophone with a cylindrical bore, made of a tube of bamboo closed off at one end by a natural node. Near the closed end, a small square hole is cut and a thin reed of bronze or copper is fastened, with a low plastic or bone mouthpiece around it. This reed is essentially a very thin sheet of metal with a long and narrow isosceles triangle cut into it, which is bent slightly outwards at rest. When the instrument is blown, this thin triangle moves back and forth rapidly through the space left in the metal sheet from which it was cut, like a swinging door. This vibration sets the air column in the instrument in rapid periodic motion, creating sound. The mouth does not contact the reed. Seven or eight finger-holes are positioned 90 degrees out of line with the reed, though this is adjustable in the common two-piece instruments provided with a metal tenon. The bawu typically has a range of an eleventh: on an instrument in "G" (according to Chinese custom the note with three upper finger holes down) this range is from B to E. The range is often misreported as a ninth, omitting two underblown notes. Instruments with mechanical keys are available (usually not in natural bamboo whose irregular shape would complicate construction), which expands the range upwards, or upwards and downwards a few notes. For a diatonic scale, the lower two notes are in the fundamental mode of the reed, and the rest of the range is overblown, exciting the vibratory mode of the resonating pipe. The lowest scale degree, and the lowest overblown note are a minor third apart and fingered the same way; this unusually narrow overblowing behavior suggests the instrument has some irregular overtones outside of the standard harmonic series.
The lowest part of the bawu range is very rich in upper harmonics, the lowest of which have amplitudes almost equivalent to that of the fundamental frequency. This results in a rather buzzing timbre that is vaguely harmonica-like and in terms of sound spectrum very typical of free-reed instruments. As successively higher notes are fingered, the upper harmonics are gradually extinguished; the even harmonics are disproportionately affected, resulting in an odd-harmonic-dominated sound in the upper range similar to the clarinet both in terms of spectrum characteristics and subjective tone color. The underblown notes are close to the fundamental frequency of the reed, but the overblown notes are slightly sharp of the fundamental frequency of the air column, suggesting relatively complex acoustics.
The player can initiate sound by either inhaling or exhaling, similar to the "sheng." However, the upper notes will not speak and some of the lower notes are out of tune when inhaling.
This design is very similar to the Thai Pi so, common in "piphat" ensembles.

</doc>
<doc id="2881572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881572" title="J. O. M. Roberts">
J. O. M. Roberts

James Owen Merion Roberts MVO MBE MC (1916–1997) was one of the greatest Himalayan mountaineer-explorers of the twentieth century; a highly decorated British Army officer who achieved his greatest renown as "the father of trekking" in Nepal. His exploratory activities are comparable to those of Eric Shipton and Bill Tilman.
Born in England, Roberts spent his early life in India, where his father was a headmaster. He joined the British Indian Army in 1936 as a 19 year old subaltern to satisfy his ardent craving for mountaineering, and was posted to the 1st (King George V's Own) Gurkha Rifles.
His first major expedition was in 1938 to Masherbrum, 7890 metres, in the Karakorams: the weather was bad, the attempt was unsuccessful and J.B. Harrison and R.A. Hodgkin got severely frostbitten. Roberts himself suffered at high altitude and suffered mild frostbite.
He tried to join the post-monsoon 1939 Everest expedition led by Bill Tilman, but the attempt was called off. That year, he recorded the first of his many first ascents, that of Guan Nelda, 6303 metres (now called Chau Chau Kang Nilda) in the Spiti Himalaya. The ascent was remarkable for something which became a Roberts hallmark: he climbed without any other "sahib" for company, accompanied only by his Gurkhas. In this he was the true successor of the legendary Dr. A. M. Kellas who had climbed in the same fashion in Sikkim before 1914.
He was selected for the abortive 1940 Everest expedition.
The second major first ascent by Roberts was the 1941 climb of the ca. 21,148 foot peak he named White Sail (also known as "Dharmsura") in the Tos Glacier of Kullu Himalaya.
Military career.
Serving with the 1st Gurkhas, Captain J.O.M. Roberts won the Military Cross in North Africa. Then he returned to India, and joined the 153 (Gurkha) Indian Para Battalion. He was dropped into North Burma on July 3, 1942 at the head of a small force to survey the Myitkyina area and then march 150 miles North to Fort Hertz. Roberts's party reached Fort Hertz in early August and discovered it was still in British hands. On August 13, a party led by Capt. G.E.C. Newlands of 153 Para dropped in on Fort Hertz with engineering supplies and the hitherto-unusable airfield at Fort Hertz was made operational by August 20. Roberts and his men were extracted around that date.
As Major commanding 'A' Company of the 153 (Gurkha) Para Battalion, he took part in the 50th Para Brigade defense of Sangshak in 1944 against the Japanese thrust towards Kohima. The defense of Sangshak was portrayed by some in the Army High Command as not having been exemplary and Brigadier Hope-Thompson, in local command, took the punishment for that. However Slim, the 14th Army Commander personally sent a dispatch praising the bravery of those involved in the six days and nights of hand-to-hand fighting by a force outnumbered by 18 to 1. In fact the action is noted for the highest number of awards for gallantry issued by the Indian Army for a single action. Roberts fought well. The book about the battle by Harry Seaman has a photograph of him.
He led the first combat paratrooper jump in Southeast Asia on 1 May 1945, dropping with a battalion-size force at Elephant Point, South of Rangoon as part of the operation to capture that city, and was mentioned in Despatches.
After the war he transferred to the British Army's Brigade of Gurkhas and was posted in Malaya until 1954. He was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire in May 1955 for service in Malaya and made Member of the Royal Victorian Order in 1961.
He went to Kathmandu in 1958 as military attaché. He retired from the British Army in 1962 as a Lieutenant-Colonel.
Postwar climbing career highlights.
In 1995 he was given the Back Award (instituted 1888) by the Royal Geographical Society.
Roberts founded the first trekking and mountaineering outfit Mountain Travel Nepal in 1964 to offer the opportunity for wealthy travellers to enjoy the experience of trekking or climbing in Nepal without problems. His trained Gurkha/Sherpa teams, took care of transportation, camping and local liaison, leaving trekkers free to enjoy the thrills. The first trek he managed was one by three elderly ladies to Everest Base Camp in 1965. He is known and revered as "the father of trekking in Nepal".
He acted as bird-collector for the British Museum during the 1950 expedition, and maintained an aviary in Pokhara where he bred pheasants. He died at Pokhara on November 1, 1997.
External links.
Obituary on Action Asia web site [http://www.actionasia.com/actionasia/Articles/index.jsp?aid=816]

</doc>
<doc id="2881577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881577" title="Export subsidy">
Export subsidy

Export subsidy is a government policy to encourage export of goods and discourage sale of goods on the domestic market through direct payments, low-cost loans, tax relief for exporters, or government-financed international advertising. An export subsidy reduces the price paid by foreign importers, which means domestic consumers pay more than foreign consumers. The WTO prohibits most subsidies directly linked to the volume of exports.
Export subsidies are also generated when internal price supports, as in a guaranteed minimum price for a commodity, create more production than can be consumed internally in the country. (These price supports are often coupled with import tariffs, which keeps the domestic price high by discouraging or taxing imports on the difference between the world price and the mandatory minimum.) Instead of letting the commodity rot or destroying it, the government exports it. Saudi Arabia is a net exporter of wheat, Japan often is a net exporter of rice.
Export subsidies can cause inflation: the government subsidises the industry based on costs, but an increase in the subsidy is directly spent on wage hikes demanded by employees. Now the wages in the subsidised industry are higher than elsewhere, which causes the other employees demand higher wages, which are then reflected in prices, resulting in inflation everywhere in the economy.
Some countries provide indirect export subsidies in the form of tax reductions. In the United States closely held exporters of U.S. made goods may get a reduction of tax using an Interest Charge Domestic International Sales Corporation (IC-DISC).

</doc>
<doc id="2881581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881581" title="Home teaching">
Home teaching

Home teaching (formerly called block teaching and ward teaching) is a responsibility of priesthood holders in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). Home teaching is a church program designed to allow families to be taught in their own homes, in addition to weekly church services. Typically, two holders of the priesthood, of whom at least one must be an adult, visit the home of some assigned families at least once a month. Home teaching is organized at the ward level.
Assignments and responsibilities.
The elders and high priests quorum leadership have the responsibility of assigning home teaching companionships and the families assigned to those companionship. All assignments are approved by the bishop or branch president.
A companionship usually consists of two priesthood holders. In special situations, a companionship may consist of a Melchizedek priesthood holder and his wife. Generally, members of the elders quorum are assigned as companions with other elders quorum members and high priests are assigned with other high priests. Additionally, members of the teachers and priests quorums are assigned as home teachers with either an elder or high priest companion. There may also be situations where a high priest is a companion with an elder.
The bishop assigns every member household in his congregation to either the elders quorum or high priest quorum. The leadership of the respective quorums assign companionships to home teach these households assigned to their quorums. The number of households assigned to a companionship may vary. Companionships are responsible for visiting each of their assigned families at least once per month. Home teachers are instructed to share a lesson or spiritual thought, usually taken from the First Presidency message in the "Ensign" or "Liahona" magazines. Home teachers are also instructed to consult with the heads of the household about spiritual and temporal needs of the household. Home teachers report on their visits to the quorum leaders that assigned them. Visits usually include collective prayer.
With the approval of a mission president, full-time missionaries of the LDS Church may assist church members with home teaching visits.

</doc>
<doc id="2881587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881587" title="Claudia Karvan">
Claudia Karvan

Claudia Karvan (born 19 May 1972) is an Australian actress known for her roles in the television series "The Secret Life of Us" and "Love My Way". She was also a producer and writer on "Love My Way". Karvan was inducted into the Australian Film Walk of Fame in 2007 in acknowledgment of her contributions to the Australian film and television industry. From 2010 to 2011, she starred in the drama series "Spirited". She currently appears as Judy Vickers in "Puberty Blues".
Career.
Film.
Karvan began screen acting in 1983 when she appeared in the film "Molly". In 1987, she went on to appear in Phillip Noyce's "Echoes of Paradise" and appeared alongside Judy Davis in Gillian Armstrong's "High Tide" that same year.
When she was 17 years old Karvan secured a leading role in the Australian comedy/caper film film "The Big Steal".
In 1993, Karvan won an Australian Film Critic's Circle award for Best Actress for her role in "The Heartbreak Kid". Karvan has starred alongside many of Australia's leading men, including Guy Pearce in "Flynn" (1991) (playing the young fiancee of Errol Flynn) and "Dating the Enemy" (1996), Ben Mendelsohn in "The Big Steal" (1990) and Hugh Jackman in "Paperback Hero" (1999). She was nominated for an AFI Award for Best Supporting Actress in the 1999 film "Passion".
In 2006, she had a role in "Footy Legends", a film about rugby league. She also played the role of Hailey's (Joanna Levesque) mother in the American film "Aquamarine".
Karvan appeared in ' as Sola Naberrie, the older sister of Padmé Amidala. She also filmed scenes for ', but her scenes were cut and appear only on the DVD release.
She also co-starred with Jim Caviezel in "Nature's Grave", directed by Jamie Blanks in 2008. In 2009, she voiced in the film "$9.99". She appeared in the 2009 film "Daybreakers", a vampire thriller co-starring Ethan Hawke and Sam Neill and filmed on the Gold Goast. She also starred in "33 Postcards", released in 2011 and Long Weekend.
Television.
1996 saw Karvan awarded her first Australian Film Institute award for Best Actress in a Leading Role in a Television Drama for the "GP" episode titled "Sing Me a Lullaby". She won the award again in 2005 and 2007 for her role as Frankie Paige in the television series "Love My Way". As a producer of "Love My Way", Karvan received further AFI awards in 2005, 2006 and 2007 for Best Television Drama Series.
Karvan has won Logie Award for Most Outstanding Actress three times. First in 2003 for The Secret Life of Us, then in 2006 for Love My Way, and again in 2010 for Saved.
In August 2010, a new Australian series starring Karvan was launched, "Spirited". Karvan is a co-creator and producer of the series. She plays the dentist, Suzy Darling, who has left her husband and moved into a flat in a building which she discovers is haunted by the ghost of a 1980s British rock musician, Henry (Matt King).
Karvan was cast in the first eight-part season of "Puberty Blues", a television series shown on Channel Ten in Australia in 2012. It is an updated version of the 1981 film "Puberty Blues". In 2014, she returned to season two of the show.
In 2013, Karvan starred in the ABC miniseries "The Time Of Our Lives" as Caroline.
Stage.
Karvan has also appeared on stage in a production of Summer of the Seventeenth Doll.
Personal life.
She was born in Sydney, Australia and attended SCEGGS Darlinghurst. When she was 8 she lived in Bali for a year with her mother and brothers. After returning from Bali, Karvan's family moved to King's Cross where her father owned the nightspot Arthur's. Karvan's partner is Jeremy Sparks. Together they have two children, a daughter Audrey (born in 2001), and a son Albie (born on 18 May 2006). She is also stepmother to Holiday Sidewinder (lead singer from the indie band Bridezilla), Sparks' nineteen-year-old daughter from a previous relationship with Australian actress Loene Carmen.

</doc>
<doc id="2881597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881597" title="The Eternal Dagger">
The Eternal Dagger

The Eternal Dagger is a 1987 top-down role-playing video game published by Strategic Simulations, Inc. (SSI) as a sequel to "Wizard's Crown", which was released in 1985. Players can transfer their characters over from "Wizard's Crown", minus whatever magical items they had on them.
The story behind the game is that demons from another dimension are invading the world, and the only item that can seal the portal is the titular dagger.
Reception.
"Computer Gaming World" described the gameplay as very similar to that of its predecessor, with a few changed spells and in-battle options. The use of a single character to represent the party was praised, as it eliminated the frustration of party members getting lost or stuck behind walls that was present in "Wizard's Crown". Dungeon combat was described as having worsened, however, due to the time spent maneuvering party members into a position where they can attack before they can do so. The review also felt the game did not have the same balance as the previous, with magic being a much more effective option overall. "CGW" also considered combat to be more difficult in general, with wide discrepancies between the "quick combat" option and tactical combat, and monsters that generally take much longer to kill. The new fatigue, which decreases weapon skill as party members go without rest, was also criticized as lengthening travel time and slowing down the game. Ultimately, the review stated "The Eternal Dagger" was not of the same quality as its predecessor, and recommended a lot of patience when playing the game.
The game was reviewed in 1988 in "Dragon" #129 by Hartley, Patricia, and Kirk Lesser in "The Role of Computers" column. The reviewers gave the game 1 out of 5 stars.

</doc>
<doc id="2881606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881606" title="Disney's Aladdin (video game)">
Disney's Aladdin (video game)

"Disney's Aladdin" is a series of platformer video games based on the 1992 motion picture of the same name. The series consists of three drastically different games: one developed by Virgin Interactive for the Sega Mega Drive, which was ported to various other formats, another developed by Capcom for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System, which was later ported to the Game Boy Advance, and a final version developed by SIMS for the Sega Master System and Game Gear.
Mega Drive/Genesis version.
"Disney's Aladdin" for the Mega Drive was developed by Virgin Interactive's studio of Virgin Games USA and published by Sega in 1993. This was due to the fact that Sega had both obtained a license for publishing video games based on Disney's motion picture and established a collaboration deal with Disney's animation studios which was a first in the video game industry, so Sega of America tasked the Virgin Games USA development team with the programming duties because of their successful previous efforts with McDonald's "Global Gladiators" and 7 Up's "Cool Spot". The game has been noted for its use of traditional animation, which was produced by Disney animators under the supervision of Virgin's animation staff, including animation producer Andy Luckey, technical director Paul Schmiedeke and animation director Mike Dietz, using an in-house "Digicel" process to compress the data onto the cartridge. The game also featured arrangements and original compositions composed by Donald S. Griffin.
Gameplay.
The player controls Aladdin, who must make his way through several levels based on locations from the movie: from the streets and rooftops of Agrabah, the Cave of Wonders and the Sultan's dungeon to the final confrontation in Grand Vizier Jafar's palace. The Sultan's guards and also animals of the desert want to hinder Aladdin in his way. He can attack either close range with a scimitar, which can deflect certain projectiles, or long range with a limited supply of apples. Next to apples, Aladdin can also collect gems which can be traded for lives and continues from a traveling peddler. Finding Genie or Abu icons enables bonus rounds. The Genie bonus round is a game of luck played for apples, gems or extra lives, and continues until the player runs out of Genie tokens or lands on Jafar. In Abu's bonus round, the player controls the little monkey who has to catch bonus items that fall from the sky, but without touching any of the unwanted objects like rocks and pots.
Ports.
A port of the game was produced for the Nintendo Entertainment System, which was later adapted into a Game Boy version, which was compatible with the Super Game Boy and later ported to the Game Boy Color. The Amiga and PC versions (DOS) were also based on the Mega Drive/Genesis version, featuring enhanced music and sound effects. 
Master System/Game Gear version.
This version was developed by SIMS and published by Sega, and released in 1994 for the Sega Game Gear worldwide and for the Sega Master System in Europe. Sega went on to produce this game since they already had the necessary intellectual property licensing rights in order to publish the Virgin Interactive game on the Mega Drive/Genesis. The game is also significantly different in gameplay compared to its Mega Drive counterpart. There are three main types of level, chase levels in which Aladdin must outrun enemies while dodging obstacles, exploration levels in which Aladdin must carefully navigate traps and solve puzzles, similar to "Prince of Persia", and carpet levels in which Aladdin rides his flying carpet. It also, unlike its 16-bit counterparts, fairly closely follow the plot of the movie, even including cut scenes containing entire dialogue scenes from the movie.
Reception.
On release, "Famicom Tsūshin" scored the Mega Drive version of "Aladdin" a 35 out of 40. The game was awarded Best Genesis Game of 1993 by "Electronic Gaming Monthly". They also awarded it Best Animation. The game was reviewed in 1994 in "Dragon" #211 by Jay & Dee in the "Eye of the Monitor" column. Both reviewers gave the game 5 out of 5 stars. "Mega" placed the game at #12 in their Top Mega Drive Games of All Time. The Mega Drive version sold 4 million copies making it the best-selling Mega Drive game that was not a pack-in. The SNES version sold over 1.75 million units worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="2881609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881609" title="Jumpin', Jumpin'">
Jumpin', Jumpin'

"Jumpin', Jumpin'" is a song by American girl group Destiny's Child. Written by band member Beyoncé Knowles along with Rufus Moore and Chad Elliott, and produced by Knowles, Elliott and Jovonn Alexander, it was released as the fourth and final single from the group's 1999 studio album, "The Writing's on the Wall". The song was listed at 232 on Pitchfork Media's Top 500 songs of the 2000s. This single also features the vocals of former band members Letoya Luckett, and Latavia Roberson, although absent from this video as well as the music video for "Say My Name".
Chart performances.
In the United Kingdom "Jumpin', Jumpin'" was a top five hit and sold over 195,000 copies. It also achieved success when it charted at number two on the Australian Singles Chart. In the Netherlands "Jumpin', Jumpin'" peaked at number 10 on the Mega Single Top 100 remaining in total 14 weeks on the charts. "Jumpin', Jumpin'" peaked at #3 on the Billboard Hot 100 for several weeks, becoming Destiny's Child fourth Top 10 pop and R&B hit. The song peaked at number one on the Hot 100 Airplay for seven consecutive weeks becoming one of the biggest radio hits of 2000 and the group's second longest run atop the chart behind "Independent Women Part 1" which reigned for nine consecutive weeks.
Following the success of "Jumpin', Jumpin'" "The Writing's on the Wall" was certified six-times platinum by the RIAA in September 2000. Worldwide the album had already sold a massive nine million copies, after just over a year on the charts.
Music video.
The video starts at Destiny's Child's home, where the band members are preparing themselves for the night out. They get in a car, drive to their destination and compete with boys in a car race. In the club they sing and dance on stage. The camera moves as though it is jumping.
This was the last music video to feature Farrah Franklin. The original music video was never released to a video compilation nor to an enhanced CD, whereas the "So So Def Remix" is available on the video compilation "The Platinum's on the Wall".
Formats and remixes.
Two official urban remixes for this song exist. One, known as the Nitro remix features rapper Nitro, while the other is known as the So So Def Remix with Lil' Bow Wow, Da Brat, and Jermaine Dupri. A video was filmed for the So So Def Remix later.
The "Azza's Remix" of "Jumpin', Jumpin'" contains newly recorded vocals with slower singing, additional ad-libs by Beyoncé and Kelly Rowland doing lead on chorus and high notes during break. The vocals were recorded in a session with DJ Maurice Joshua, who used the vocals also for his dance remixes of the song. These two remixes are one of a few songs from "The Writing's on the Wall" that feature Farrah Franklin and Michelle Williams as well, the other being the WNBA version of the song.
One specific production of "Jumpin', Jumpin'" (at the request of then Sony A&R, Darren Dixon) was unofficially promo released via FONKED, (remixed by O. D. Hunte) feat. DeMarvlest.
A modified version of the song was played on Radio Disney during its popularity in order to be age appropriate for the station's audience.
Jamaican dancehall singer Ce'Cile sampled "Jumpin', Jumpin'" in the song "Ladies Anthem".
The song was covered by actors Jenna Ushkowitz, Darren Criss, and Chord Overstreet (as their characters Tina Cohen-Chang, Blaine Anderson, and Sam Evans, respectively) on the FOX television series "Glee", in the season five episode "Trio".
Track listings.
US CD Single
European CD Single Part 1 COL 669511 5
European CD Single Part 2 COL 669511 2
UK CD Single Part 1 669629 2
UK CD Single Part 2 (Remixes) 669629 5
Australian CD Single
Limited industry release only

</doc>
<doc id="2881613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881613" title="Pratt knot">
Pratt knot

The Pratt knot is a method of tying a tie around one's neck and collar. It is also known as the Shelby knot and the Pratt-Shelby. 
The knot was worn by Jerry Pratt, an employee of the US Chamber of Commerce. He had been wearing his tie this way for some twenty years before it became popular after TV personality Don Shelby wore it on air. The New York fashion press then promptly attributed the invention of the knot to Shelby.
The Pratt knot is unusual in that its starting position is 'reverse side out', like the Nicky knot, a self-releasing variant of the Pratt. It uses less length than the Half Windsor or Windsor knots, and so is well suited to shorter ties or taller men. Unlike the Four in Hand knot, the Pratt method produces a symmetrical knot. It is of medium thickness.
Although these "reverse side out" knots have been attributed to various recent "inventors" ("Pratt", "Shelby") or given fanciful "dedicatory names" ("Nicky" is supposed to derive from the visit of Nikita Khrushchev to Milan), the Pratt knot has actually been quite commonly used among Milanese tailors since at least the 1920s, having the advantage of being quite easy to tie a perfect knot on a shop-window mannequin. In Italy, it is referred to as the "nodo alla milanese" ("Milan-style knot").
Using notation from and according to "The 85 Ways to Tie a Tie", the knot is tied
The Nicky is tied

</doc>
<doc id="2881616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881616" title="Gas Food Lodging">
Gas Food Lodging

Gas Food Lodging is a 1992 movie directed by Allison Anders about a waitress trying to find romance while raising two daughters in a trailer-park. It stars Brooke Adams, Ione Skye, and Fairuza Balk. The film was adapted from the novel "Don't Look and It Won't Hurt" by Richard Peck. The title of the film is derived from road signs on American interstate highways directing travelers to those respective service establishments near highway exits.
The film was produced by Cineville and entered into the 42nd Berlin International Film Festival. Fairuza Balk won the 1993 Independent Spirit Award for best female lead for her role in this movie.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack for "Gas, Food, Lodging" was released by Elektra Records containing 28 tracks. J. Mascis of Dinosaur Jr contributed many of the tracks and also made a cameo in the film.

</doc>
<doc id="2881629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881629" title="Tripura University">
Tripura University

Tripura University is the Main Public / Central Government University of the Indian state of Tripura. Tripura University ranked 4th position in Eastern and 43rd position in all India according to India Today – Nielsen University Ranking Survey 2014 published in India Today on June 30, 2014. .
History.
Tripura University ranks 4th in Eastern India and 43rd in all India published by India Today-Nielsen 30 June 2014 issue.
Tripura University launched on October 2, 1987. The state’s first institution of higher education, MBB College, had commenced functioning from 1947 with affiliation from Calcutta University but in the immediate aftermath of partition the population of the state registered a steep growth and so did the number of students aspiring for higher education.
Higher education in Tripura had a late start. Maharaja Bir Bikram MBB College, the first degree college in the State, started functioning under the University of Calcutta only in 1947. Not that there was no attempt in the past in Princely Tripura to establish any higher educational institution. As early as 1901, Radhakishore Manikya made an attempt to establish a degree college in the-then tiny capital town Agartala; but as the proposal did not fulfill the necessary requirements, it did not get approval from the Calcutta University. In 1937, Bir Bikramkishore Manikya, the last Maharaja of Tripura, had planned for establishing a college again at Agartala and an area of 254 acres of land, consisting of undulated tilla land having interposed lakes almost all around, in the eastern part of Agartala, was earmarked for that under the “Vidyapattan Scheme”. A committee under the name “Vidyapattan Governing Committee” consisting of 10 members with the Minister as its President was appointed by the Maharaja to carry out the scheme of higher education and a sum of Rs. 50,000 was placed at its disposal at the first instance. On 7 May 1937, Maharaja Bir Bikram laid the foundation-stone of the college under the scheme. But with the outbreak of the Second World War (1939–45), the work of construction had to be abandoned. The vulnerability of Tripura became apparent after the fall of Burma to the Japanese in 1942. The ground floor of the unfinished College building was converted into an Army Hospital for British Army moving to and from Burma. When the Second World War was over, the construction work could not be started immediately due to certain difficulties and on 17 May 1947, Maharaja Bir Bikram breathed his last and Tripura became restive for various reasons. As a result, the entire scheme of “Vidyapattan” could not be implemented into reality in time. The MBB College (popularly known as the “Dream College”), affiliated to the Calcutta University, was once the only college in the state.
The launching of the MBB College was soon followed by the setting up in 1950 of Ramkrishna Mahabhidyalay in Kailasahar, present headquarter of Unokoti Tripura district . The year 1964 saw the launching of Belonia College in South Tripura, followed within three years by the establishment of Ram Thakur College in 1967 at Agartala. The students of the state remained hamstrung by one crucial fact: all of the colleges had to secure affiliation with Calcutta University and no scope for university education existed within Tripura.
Since the late 1960s CE, student movements within Tripura consistently focused on the demand for expansion of opportunities for higher education and setting of Tripura’s own university. Responding to rising demands Calcutta University authority agreed to have post-graduate classes on history, mathematics, and economics held in MBB College and, in 1976, the University Grants Commission (UGC) formally recognized this as Calcutta University Post Graduate Centre (CUPGC). This only further intensified the state’s quest for higher education and demand for a separate university . It however took nine more years to initiate measures for setting up Tripura’s own university. It was on May 18, 1985 that the then education minister and tribal leader Dasharath Deb laid the foundation for Tripura University on the sprawling of land, donated by the state government, at Suryamaninagar, ten kilometers south of Agartala. The work on construction progressed rapidly and the state assembly passed the Tripura University Act in 1987, extending legislative approval to the process of launching the University. It was on October 2, the birth date of Mahatma Gandhi, that Tripura University formally came into being.
At present, Tripura University provides post-graduate courses in sixteen subjects while the various Departments, Directorates and Centres within it provide 38 degree courses. All twenty four general and technical colleges, within the state, are affiliated with Tripura University.
Location.
The new campus of Tripura University is situated at Suryamaninagar, 10 km away from the city center of Agartala.
Library.
The Central Library of Tripura University came into being in 1987 with an initial collection of 18780 books and documents, taken from the erstwhile Calcutta University Post Graduate Centre (CUPGC).
The University maintains the library especially in 28 major and inter-disciplinary subjects. It serves the students, research scholars, faculty members and participants of the various programs and also other organizations through the inter-library loan system and public consultation. Over the years, the Central Library has developed a lot and may claim to be one of the richest higher educational libraries in the State. The Central Library acts as a crucial resources and learning centre of the University to meet the information needs of its clientele for the growth and overall development of the University. The collection and dissemination of data and information and the creation and sharing of knowledge are the success of the central Library in the present era of learning. 
During the last 19 years the Central Library was housed in the different buildings and locations with acute shortage of space and technical manpower. The Library is presently shifted (June, 2005) to its own newly constructed 3 storied building having 4400 Sq. meter total floor area and the 4th floor are under construction. In the ground floor having 14 rooms, in the 1st floor having 11 rooms and in the 2nd floor having 3 rooms, the Central Library building is the most spacious library building in the state. In coming days when the Central Library will be fully operational along with its all rooms functional, the Central Library will be a landmark for Tripura. The library is well furnished with modern furniture and fixtures. 
The library facilities are heavily used by the students, research scholars, faculty members and visiting faculty members. Moreover scholars from other organizations also use the library facilities. The outsiders and visitors who intend to consult the library are allowed to utilize the facilities. 
The Central Library has a collection of 97500 books and documents presently besides a rich collection of reports, state-of-arts, non-print media, etc. The library subscribes 141 journals both national and international in the area of subjects taught and e-journals under UGC INFONET program. Approximately 8000 e-journals with millions full text articles in all subjects/disciplines are usable under the UGC INFONET program presently. The computerization of library services and the creation of data base are under process by “SOUL” software and new advanced technology is under active consideration under INLIBNET. In 2004, the ERNET’s 64 kbit/s VSAT connectivity was upgraded to 250 kbit/s SCPC VSAT connectivity under UGC INFONET program. Currently the library is equipped with 10 Mbit/s dedicated leased line under the UGC INFONET program and 1 Gbit/s dedicated leased line under NKN NMEICT.

</doc>
<doc id="2881633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881633" title="Iny">
Iny

Iny or INY may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2881638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881638" title="Corpus Christi School">
Corpus Christi School

Corpus Christi School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2881640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881640" title="Brett Tomko">
Brett Tomko

Brett Daniel Tomko (born April 7, 1973) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Colorado Rockies organization. He has also played for the Cincinnati Reds, San Diego Padres, Seattle Mariners, St. Louis Cardinals, San Francisco Giants, Los Angeles Dodgers, New York Yankees, Oakland Athletics, Texas Rangers, and Kansas City Royals.
High school years.
Tomko attended El Dorado High School (Placentia, CA) and was a letter winner in basketball and baseball.
College years.
Tomko attended Florida Southern College for one season in , leading the team to the NCAA Division II National Championship. He went 15-2 with a 1.35 ERA and struck out 154 batters in 126.3 innings that season, with opponents hitting just .180 against him. He pitched two complete game shutouts in the Championship Series, including one in the final game, earning him the Tournament's "outstanding player" award. In addition, he won both the NCAA Division II Pitcher and Player of the Year Awards by the American Baseball Coaches Association.
Draft & minor league years.
Tomko had been drafted out of high school by the Los Angeles Dodgers in the 20th round of the draft, but chose to attend college at Mt. San Antonio College[http://www.mtsac.edu] (Walnut, CA) for a year. In 1995, he was drafted in the 2nd round by the Cincinnati Reds. He signed with the Reds on June 28, 1995.
He pitched for three years in the Reds minor league system, making stops at Charleston in 1995, Chattanooga in (where he was named the Reds' top prospect by Baseball America) and Indianapolis in before getting called up to the Major Leagues during the season.
Major League Baseball.
Cincinnati Reds.
Tomko made his first major league appearance, and first major league start, against the Philadelphia Phillies on May 27, 1997. He pitched 6 innings and gave up 2 runs while taking the loss in the Reds 2-1 defeat.
He got his first victory in his next start on June 6, against the New York Mets. He pitched 6 innings, gave up one run and struck out seven in the Reds 5-2 victory.
He remained in the Reds starting rotation for three seasons.
Seattle Mariners.
He was traded on February 10, , to the Seattle Mariners, along with Antonio Pérez, Jake Meyer, and Mike Cameron for Ken Griffey, Jr.. Seattle used him primarily as a reliever and spot starter during the next two seasons. He also spent some time with Seattle's Triple-A team in Tacoma in both 2000 & .
San Diego Padres.
On December 11, 2001, the Mariners traded Tomko (along with Ramón Vázquez, Tom Lampkin and cash) to the San Diego Padres in exchange for Wascar Serrano, Alex Arias and Ben Davis. He returned to the starting rotation with San Diego, making 32 starts, his most since with the Reds.
St. Louis Cardinals.
He was traded again, almost exactly a year later (December 15, ) to the St. Louis Cardinals for Mike Wodnicki and Luther Hackman. Tomko won 13 games in his only season in St. Louis.
San Francisco Giants.
He signed with the San Francisco Giants as a free agent prior to the season and pitched with them for two seasons. Tomko's tenure with the Giants effectively ended when the team declined to offer him salary arbitration before the season. 
Los Angeles Dodgers.
On December 21, , he agreed to a two-year contract worth a reported $8.7 million with the Los Angeles Dodgers. He pitched both as a starter and a reliever during his two seasons in Los Angeles. During his time with the Dodgers, Tomko's poor pitching and propensity to give up home runs led to Dodger fans giving him the nickname "Bombko".
He was designated for assignment on August 24, , after a poor season with the Dodgers in which he went 2-11 with a 5.80 ERA in 33 games (15 starts). 
San Diego Padres (second stint).
After being designated for assignment by the Dodgers, he was signed by the San Diego Padres on September 4, 2007.
Kansas City Royals.
On January 20, he signed with the Kansas City Royals.
On June 12, 2008, the Royals designated Tomko for assignment and on June 20, 2008, he was released. 
San Diego Padres (3rd stint).
He signed with the San Diego Padres on June 27, 2008, but was released on September 1.
New York Yankees.
On February 13, 2009, the New York Yankees signed Tomko to a minor league contract with an invitation to spring training. He began the season with Triple-A Scranton. He was called up by the Yankees on May 9. Tomko was designated for assignment on July 21, 2009, to make room on the roster for Sergio Mitre. He criticized the Yankees for not using him enough, despite his excellent spring training and minor league numbers, and said his 5.25 ERA was due to a lack of use. He was released on July 29.
Oakland Athletics.
He then signed with Oakland Athletics. On August 17, 2009, Tomko defeated the Yankees in his first start for Oakland. He resigned with Oakland during the 2009-2010 offseason and rehabbed with the Sacramento River Cats.
Texas Rangers.
On February 19, 2011, the Texas Rangers signed Tomko to a minor league contract with no invitation to spring training. On April 20, the Rangers purchased his contract from the minors and called him up. He was outrighted to Triple-A on May 27. After the 2011 season, he elected for free agency. 
Cincinnati Reds (2nd stint).
On February 19, 2012, Tomko signed a minor league contract with the Cincinnati Reds worth $480,000.
Arizona Diamondbacks.
Tomko signed a minor league contract with the Arizona Diamondbacks on August 14, 2012. He was assigned to the Double-A Mobile BayBears. On August 24, Tomko was called up to the Reno Aces.
York Revolution.
In March, 2013 Tomko signed a contract with the York Revolution of the independent Atlantic League of Professional Baseball. He retired in August and joined the Kansas City Royals organization as a scout.
Kansas City Royals (2nd stint).
On March 14, 2014, Tomko agreed to a minor league contract with the Kansas City Royals. On June 3, Tomko was released by the Royals.
Colorado Rockies.
Tomko signed a minor league deal with the Colorado Rockies on June 10, 2014.
Personal life.
Tomko married Playboy Playmate Julia Schultz (February 1998) in November 2003.
Tomko is an artist, currently training with famous sports artist Opie Otterstad.
Tomko's father won a contest of over 11,000 entries in "The Plain Dealer" for naming the Cleveland Cavaliers NBA team. His entry stated, "The name Cleveland Cavaliers represents a group of daring, fearless men whose life's pact was never surrender, no matter what the odds." 

</doc>
<doc id="2881647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881647" title="Amoroto">
Amoroto

"Amoroto"' is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the Basque Country.

</doc>
<doc id="2881652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881652" title="Survivor (Destiny's Child song)">
Survivor (Destiny's Child song)

"Survivor" is a song by American R&B group Destiny's Child. It was written and composed by band member Beyoncé, Anthony Dent, and Mathew Knowles for the band's third studio album of the same name (2001). The song won the Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals at the 2002 Grammy Awards.
The video won the 2001 MTV Video Music Award for Best R&B Video, and a Soul Train Lady of Soul Award for "Best R&B/Soul Single, Group, Band or Duo". The opening track of singer-songwriter Jill Sobule's 2004 album "The Folk Years 2003-2003" is a cover of the song, and a pseudo-cover of the song also opens rapper Vanilla Ice's 2005 album "Platinum Underground".
Background.
In 1999, Destiny's Child members LaTavia Roberson and LeToya Luckett split from Beyoncé and Kelly Rowland, and were replaced by Michelle Williams and Farrah Franklin. However, soon afterwards Franklin was also dropped from the group. According to Knowles, the group was compared to the reality series "Survivor", which inspired her to "write us out of all that negativity."
Additionally, the song was Black Entertainment Television's tenth best song of the 2000s (decade).
Music video.
Shot in January 2001, the video premiered on "MTV - Making the Video" on March 6, 2001, and is styled in the sense of three survivors living on an uninhabited island. It also shows a brief prelude to how the girls got shipwrecked.
The musicclip is featured on the DualDisc edition of the album "#1's", as an enhanced video on the international edition of the album "Survivor" and on the 2004 Walmart exclusive DVD titled "Fan Pack".
The remix video featuring Da Brat is not featured on any video compilation.
Chart performance.
"Survivor" debuted at #43 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, making it the group's second highest debuting single to date, just behind "Lose My Breath" at #30, and quickly raced up the charts reaching its peak position of #2 within a month. It was unable to claim the summit spot due to the massive success of Janet Jackson's "All For You". The song topped the Billboard Hot Dance Music Maxi-Singles Sales chart for eight weeks.
The song only reached number five on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart. The single reached number one on the Hot 100 Airplay chart for five consecutive weeks and peaked at number three on the Hot 100 Singles Sales chart.
In the United Kingdom, "Survivor" debuted at number one on the singles chart and went on to sell around 290,000 copies. It also topped the singles chart in Ireland, Netherlands, and Japan. Moreover, it held the top position in the United World Tracks Chart for five weeks. It was ranked one in Canada, peaked second in New Zealand, placed in the top 5 in Australia and Germany, and reached number 12 in France.
Controversy.
Former group members LeToya Luckett and LaTavia Roberson filed a lawsuit against Knowles, Rowland, and former manager Mathew Knowles; they claimed some of the lyrics in "Survivor", such as "You thought I wouldn't sell without you/sold nine million", violated a previous agreement that prevented either party from insulting the other.
Charts and certifications.
Certifications.
!scope="col" colspan="3"| Ringtone
!scope="col" colspan="3"| Music video
Official versions.
-* "These remixes contain new lead vocals by Michelle and Kelly and re-recorded vocals by Kelly on her verse and by Michelle on bridge, arranged by Maurice Joshua."
Cover versions.
A speedy cover remix was made for "Dancemania Speed 7" by Nancy And The Boys, being released in Japan in late 2001.
German alternative rock band Die Happy recorded their version of the song for the 2010 album "Red Box". Parisian Christian deathcore band Betraying The Martyrs also covered Survivor as a one-off single in 2010. Zebrahead covered this song for their 2009 album Panty Raid. This Song was used in the video game "Elite Beat Agents".
The Chipettes covered this song for the ' album and for the ' film.
The Glee Cast used the song in a mashup with Gloria Gaynor's "I Will Survive" for their season three episode, "Hold on to Sixteen".

</doc>
<doc id="2881654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881654" title="Corpus Christi High School">
Corpus Christi High School

Corpus Christi High School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2881655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881655" title="All the Shah's Men">
All the Shah's Men

"All the Shah's Men: An American Coup and the Roots of Middle East Terror" is a book written by American journalist Stephen Kinzer. The book discusses the 1953 Iranian coup d'état backed by the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) in which Mohammed Mossadegh, Iran's prime minister, was overthrown by Islamists supported by American and British agents (chief among them Kermit Roosevelt) and royalists loyal to Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi.
Summary.
In 1933 Reza Shah signed a deal selling Iranian oil extraction rights to the Anglo-Persian Oil Company, later called British Petroleum (BP). Though Iran was officially neutral at the start of World War II, its monarch was friendly towards the Axis. Following the 1941 Allied Invasion of Iran, Reza Shah was forced to abdicate in favour of his son Mohammad Reza Shah, who upheld the oil agreement with APOC, which by then had been renamed the "Anglo-Iranian Oil Company". When the first democratically elected parliament and prime minister in Iran took power in 1950 they planned to seize the oil assets in Iran that had been developed by the British, violating the still running oil contract with British Petroleum. The British Government followed to court in Belgium's International Court and lost the case against Iran's new government. Great Britain reacted by blockading the Persian Gulf, the Strait of Hormuz, halting Iran's trade and economy.
The US was concerned that Iranian prime minister Mohammad Mossadegh was seeking help from local superpower, the Soviet Union, in the case against Great Britain. The Dwight D. Eisenhower administration agreed with the Churchill government to restore the pro-western Shah to power. In the summer of 1953, the CIA and Britain's MI6 arranged a coup in Tehran. The Iranian prime minister was successfully overthrown. Mossadegh spent the rest of his life on his country estate under house arrest, and Iran remained a staunch Cold War ally of the West. After more than 20 years of the Shah's rule, there was a bloody revolution in 1979 after which Iran became the Islamic Republic it is today.
Regarding US policy as it developed towards Iran in the early 1950s, the book portrays it as having been variously driven by the fear of annoying the British, or attempting to be an honest broker, or as being motivated by efforts to stop the spread of Communism. The fact (stated at the end of the book) that US companies were granted the majority of the oil concessions from the Shah's government after the coup, does not feature significantly in the earlier part of the narrative. However, that this was the chief reason for the coup is the tacit conclusion of the book.
The British critic David Pryce-Jones takes strong issue with this conclusion in his essay "A Very Elegant Coup" (link below). In his view, the attempted Communist takeover of Iran was the chief issue, and the portrayal of the CIA by Kinzer as 'arrogant, thuggish and immoral' was originally a notion put forward by leftists who sympathized with the attempt.

</doc>
<doc id="2881657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881657" title="Taumarunui High School">
Taumarunui High School

Taumarunui High School is a high school in Taumarunui, New Zealand. About half the students are Māori. 
Sport.
The school's colours are Blue and Gold.
History.
Originally this school was located in the township.

</doc>
<doc id="2881665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881665" title="Edmonton Investors Group">
Edmonton Investors Group

The Edmonton Investors Group Limited Partnership (EIGLP) was the limited partnership that owned the Edmonton Oilers of the National Hockey League and the Edmonton Oil Kings of the Western Hockey League. With more than thirty individual shareholders, EIGLP was the largest ownership group in the NHL. Among the four North American major sports leagues, only the Green Bay Packers have a larger ownership group.
The EIG were the key players for keeping the Edmonton Oilers in Edmonton, Canada long term by purchasing the team from then-owner Peter Pocklington for C$107 million ($ in Canadian dollars) and preventing the team by being purchasing the team for US$90 million ($ in American dollars) or C$127 million ($ in Canadian dollars).
History.
Pre Edmonton Investors Group.
In the mid-1990s, Edmonton Oilers owner Peter Pocklington was in a precarious financial situation. Pocklington's main creditor, the Alberta Treasury Branches, were demanding repayment of millions of dollars' worth of loans that ATB had made to Pocklington in the 1980s and early 1990s. The once-popular Pocklington had a strained relationship with Edmontonians due in part to his decision to trade Wayne Gretzky as well as his other business and political dealings. As a result, attendance at Northlands Coliseum had declined - partly due to the team's declining on-ice fortunes but also due to personal animosity towards the owner. 
This animosity hindered a 1996 season ticket drive that was needed to keep the team in Edmonton. It was largely due to the perseverance of future EIG partner Cal Nichols, that the "Friends of the Oilers" ticket drive ultimately expanded the season ticket base from a dismal 6,200 to over 13,400, enough to secure the team's future for the short term. However, it was increasingly obvious that Pocklington would not be around for the long term. In early 1997, Pocklington announced his intention to sell up to 45% of the team on the stock market. Pressure from ATB forced him to abandon this plan and put the team up for sale. 
When the Oilers were put up for sale, many doubted whether a local ownership could be found and believed the proud franchise would be re-located to an American city as had happened with the teams in Quebec City in 1995 and Winnipeg in 1996. In 1997 the population of the Edmonton metropolitan area was still under one million, a figure viewed by many fans to be the minimum base a North American major sports team needs to be financially viable. With the only other former World Hockey Association team in Hartford re-locating in 1997, many analysts predicted that the "domino effect" would be completed in 1998 with the Oilers' move.
However, the terms of Pocklington's lease at what was then known as the Edmonton Coliseum prevented him from unilaterally moving the team or selling it to someone who intended to move it. The lease stipulated that an ownership group willing to keep the team in Edmonton would have six weeks from the time any such intention was declared to purchase the team for US$70 million. In addition, the ATB is a crown corporation owned by the Alberta government, though they treated the matter as non-political. While Alberta Premier Ralph Klein wanted to keep the Oilers in the capital, he was wary of a series of scandals involving favouritism at the ATB that had plagued his predecessor, Don Getty, in the 1980s. Klein was unwilling to make any move that might have been perceived by voters as government subsidization of a hockey club that paid multi-million dollar salaries. However, when Klein's hometown Calgary Flames encountered financial difficulties in 2000, Klein immediately moved to assist them by creating a province-wide lottery.
Cal Nichols looks for investors.
Nichols, a prominent businessman in his own right, immediately began putting together an ownership group. At the time, the Albertan economy—driven by the oilpatch -- was still recovering from price crashes in the 1980s and 1990s. Most Albertan investors preferred to commit their money to the re-emerging oilpatch, not a "small-market" hockey team. With no single Albertan magnate willing to commit C$100 million to purchase the team, Nichols was forced to secure smaller investments from a larger number of investors. Lenders were willing to finance 40% of the purchase price, meaning Nichols needed to come up with about C$60 million. Nichols had about C$35 million in investments when an offer of US$85 million (C$120 million) came from a buyer who wanted to move the team to Houston.
The Oilers' sale attracted interest in from several American cities, and as Nichols was securing local investors, an offer of US$85 million (C$120 million) came from Les Alexander, a Houston-based businessman and an owner of the National Basketball Association's Houston Rockets. Houston, which had recently had an application for an expansion team rejected by the league, was (and still is) the largest U.S. city without an NHL franchise. Alexander's original offer was to keep the team in Edmonton on the condition that the lease be terminated, attendance remained at acceptable levels, a local ownership group was eventually found and an expansion team be granted to Alexander in Houston. The Edmonton City Council rejected these terms, believing they gave Alexander too much discretion to move the Oilers to Texas. The city believed the lease they negotiated with Pocklington was still the best chance they had of keeping the team in Edmonton in the long term. Alexander then offered the ATB (which had the team in receivership by then) US$85 million (C$120 million) to purchase the team and move it to Houston, and submitted a US$5 million (C$7 million) deposit. Nichols was given until March 13, 1998 to match the deposit and commit to purchasing the team for US$70 million (C$100 million), or the lease would be automatically terminated and the team would move. 
Nichols was eventually able to assemble a group of 38 local investors. As the deadline neared, the Edmonton Investors Group (EIG) decided to commit to the purchase by matching Alexander's deposit with a down payment of US$5 million (C$7 million). The remainder of the US$70 million (C$100 million) was paid to ATB 40 days later, and the NHL then approved the sale. Although major sporting leagues generally frown upon large ownership groups controlling franchises, the NHL decided to forego putting a team in Houston and allow the Oilers' sale to EIG to proceed as they did not want to lose any more Canadian teams - this would have put their lucrative Canadian television contracts in jeopardy.
The Edmonton Investors Group Ltd. is mainly a local ownership group, but includes a few business people from outside the city as well. The Oilers sale even drew interest from Calgary-born comic book creator Todd McFarlane, creator of the famous Spawn character. McFarlane and artist Brent Ashe later designed the Oilers’ third jersey.
The Oilers' new owners have maintained good relations with fans. As a result, fans in Edmonton backed the league-imposed lockout of 2004–05 even though it wiped out an entire season, and came back after the lockout was settled. In the 2005–06 NHL season, the Oilers sold out every home game except one, where a computer glitch prevented the release of several hundred tickets.
Following a successful 2005–06 season which saw the Oilers fall one win short of winning the Stanley Cup and a boom in the Albertan economy, fan support reached its highest levels. A waiting list for season ticket buyers, unheard of during the days of Pocklington's ownership, was put in place after the owners were compelled to cap the number of season tickets sold. The team has also announced that a lottery will be held for the right to purchase multi-game packages at Rexall Place.
Daryl Katz purchase offers and sale.
In the 2006–07 NHL season the Oilers sold out every home game for the first time, despite missing the playoffs by a substantial margin. The ownership group then reportedly received a C$145 million ($ in dollars) offer from local billionaire Daryl Katz for the franchise, although Nichols subsequently said the team was not for sale. Daryl Katz upped the offer to C$150 million ($ in dollars), but was turned down again.
On August 7, Daryl Katz made a 3rd offer for the team of C$185 million ($ in dollars). Cal Nichols, spokesman for the EIG, said it amounted to a hostile takeover, and had caused divisions within the EIG.
On December 13, 2007 Daryl Katz submitted a 4th formal offer to the EIG to buy the franchise. The offer was C$188 million ($ in dollars) to the EIG shareholders, plus another $100 million towards the building of a new arena in downtown Edmonton, as well as a new state of the art training facility located at the University of Alberta. Cal Nichols indicated that he would accept the offer for his share of the team, but that the EIG had to have the owners of 2/3 of the shares agree to the proposal. Cal Nichols resigned as chairman of the board of directors for the EIG on December 14, 2007. Assuming the position of chairman of the board was Bill Butler, a minority shareholder & real estate developer. The EIG met to decide on the bid January 21, 2008.
Before the January 21st meeting there were rumours of a rival or plan B offer led by Gary Gregg, Bill Butler, Brian Nilsson and Jakob Ambrosius. These rumours were confirmed on January 23, as the rival faction would match the Katz offer either by soliciting new shareholders or taking a loan from Scotiabank using the hockey club as collateral.
As reported on the Team 1260 on January 24, 2008 as well as in the Edmonton Journal on January 25, 3 more directors of the Edmonton Investors Group stepped down. Ron Hodgson, Neal Allen & Brian Hryniuk have resigned adding speculation that they may have accepted the Katz offer as well. The updated price per share is C$20,687 ($ in dollars) & sources close to Daryl Katz said he may be willing to close the deal only having 60% of the 7492 EIG shares.
On June 18, 2008 it was reported that the sale of the Edmonton Oilers was approved to Daryl Katz for a reported C$200 million ($ in dollars).
Shareholders.
The ownership of the EIG was as follows (investors on the board of directors in BOLD):
"*Purchased shares of Dick Colf in 2002"<br>
"**Inherited shares of Wally Kuchar (?-2004) in 2004"<br>
"***Sold shares to EIG in 2003"

</doc>
<doc id="2881667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881667" title="Manseren Manggoendi">
Manseren Manggoendi

Manseren Manggoendi is a mythical hero originating from the Numfor-Biak region of Western New Guinea who will recreate the world. His return will be preceded by the prophet Konor who will announce his arrival. 

</doc>
<doc id="2881669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881669" title="Kawaiisu">
Kawaiisu

The Kawaiisu (also Nuwa or Nuooah) are a Native American group which lives in the southern California Tehachapi Valley and across the Tehachapi Pass in the southern Sierra Nevada Mountains to the north, toward Lake Isabella and Walker Pass. Historically, the Kawaiisu also traveled eastward on food-gathering trips to areas in the northern Mojave Desert, to the north and northeast of the Antelope Valley, as far east as the Panamint Valley, the Panamint Mountains, and the western edge of Death Valley. Today, some Kawaiisu people are enrolled in the Tule River Indian Tribe.
History.
Before European contact, the Kawaiisu lived in permanent winter villages of 60 to 100 people. They often divided into smaller groups during the warmer months of the year and harvested California native plants in the mountains and deserts, and animals, for food and raw materials.
The Kawaiisu were related by language and culture to the Southern Paiute of southwestern Nevada and the Chemehuevi of the eastern Mojave Desert of California. They may have originally lived in the desert before coming to the Tehachapi Mountains region, perhaps as early as 2000 years ago or before.
The Kawaiisu have been known by several other names, including the Caliente, Paiute, and Tehachapi Indians, but they called themselves Nuwa or "people." The Kawaiisu maintained friendly relations with the neighboring Kitanemuk and also participated in cooperative antelope drives (driving herds of antelope into traps so they could be more easily slaughtered) with the Yokuts, another group living in the San Joaquin Valley.
In 2011, The Kawaiisu Project received the Governor’s Historic Preservation Award for its efforts to document the Kaiwaiisu language and culture, including "the Handbook of the Kawaiisu, language teaching ... the Kawaiisu Language and Cultural Center, the Kawaiisu exhibit at the Tehachapi Museum." A local newspaper noted in 2010, "There are also several hundred living Kawaiisu descendents, even though a pervasive misconception believes them to be all gone." 
Language.
The Kawaiisu language, or Tehachapi, is a member of the Southern Numic division of the Uto-Aztecan language family. The Kawaiisu homeland was bordered by speakers of non-Numic Uto-Aztecan languages. The Kitanemuk to the south spoke Takic, the Tübatulabal to the north spoke the Tübatulabal language a linguistic isolate. The Yokuts to the west were non-Uto-Aztecan. Because they also spoke a Southern Numic language, the Chemehuevi to the east are the closest linguistic relatives to Kawaiisu.
Population.
Estimates for the pre-contact populations of most native groups in California have varied substantially. Alfred L. Kroeber proposed the combined 1770 population of the Kawaiisu, Koso, and Chemehuevi as 1,500. He estimated the surviving population of the Kawaiisu, Koso, and Chemehuevi in 1910 as 500.

</doc>
<doc id="2881672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881672" title="Take Flight (album)">
Take Flight (album)

Take Flight is the debut album of Sylvester Sim. It was released on April 8, 2005. It was certified Platinum on August 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="2881690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881690" title="Quo">
Quo

Quo can refer to

</doc>
<doc id="2881694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881694" title="Face frame">
Face frame

A face frame in cabinet making is the frame fixed to the front of a cabinet carcass which obscures the edges of the carcass and provides the fixing point for doors and other external hardware. A face frame provides strength to the front of a cabinet and is also considered a visual feature of particular styles of furniture.
Face frames are a feature of traditional cabinetry which have been replaced in many instances today by frameless cabinets which make use of edge banding to conceal the edge of the carcass. This is most commonly seen in European modular-style kitchens.
Construction.
Face frames are composed of a set of intersecting frame members that are joined to one another using one of a selection of woodworking joints. The most common joints used are the butt joint or mortise and tenon. The frames consist of vertical stiles and horizontal rails. Individual compartments within the cabinet are divided by mid-stiles and mid-rails. Individual drawers are usually separated by mid-rails and mid-stiles occur between doors and wherever vertical partitions exist within the cabinet (see image "Parts of a face frame").
The frame members are generally made from plain rectangular stock but are often visually enhanced through the application of cock beading or applied mouldings. Typically a frame member will be between 25mm to 50mm in width, depending upon the application and the desired appearance of the cabinet. For built in cabinets, it is common for stiles that are to abut a wall to be cut wider than the final size so that these may be scribed to the shape of the wall. This compensates for out of plumb or uneven walls, which are common in many houses.

</doc>
<doc id="2881697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881697" title="Cameo lighting">
Cameo lighting

Cameo lighting in film is a spotlight that accentuates a single person and maybe a few props in a scene. It creates an 'angelic' shot, such as one where God is shining down and a light shines down onto this person. 
Cameo lighting derives its name from the art form in which a light relief figure is set against a darker background. It is often achieved by using barn-doored spotlights. It helps focus on the subject and not its environment. A problem with cameo lighting is that it can lead to color distortion and noise in the darkest areas.

</doc>
<doc id="2881719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881719" title="Battle of West Hunan">
Battle of West Hunan

The Battle of West Hunan (湘西會戰), also known as the Zhijiang Campaign (芷江作戰) was the Japanese invasion of west Hunan and the subsequent Chinese counterattack that occurred between 6 April and 7 June 1945, during the last months of the Second Sino-Japanese War. Japanese strategic aims for this campaign were to seize Chinese airfields and secure railroads in West Hunan, and to achieve a decisive victory that their depleted land forces needed.
This campaign, if successful, would also allow Japan to attack Sichuan and eventually the Chinese war time capital Chongqing. Although the Japanese were able to make initial headways, Chinese forces were able to turn the tide and forced the Japanese into a rout, recovering a substantial amount of lost ground.
This was the last major Japanese offensive, and the last of 22 major battles during the war to involve more than 100,000 troops. Concurrently, the Chinese managed to repel a Japanese offensive in Henan and Hubei and launched a successful attack on Japanese forces in Guangxi, turning the course of the war sharply in China's favor even as they prepared to launch a full-scale counterattack across South China.
Background.
By April 1945, China had already been at war with Japan for more than seven years. Both nations were exhausted by years of battles, bombings and blockades. From 1941-1943, both sides maintained a "dynamic equilibrium", where field engagements were often, numerous, involved large numbers of troops and produced high casualty counts, but the results of which were mostly indecisive. Operation "Ichi-Go" in 1944 changed the status quo, as Japanese forces were able to break through the inadequate Chinese defenses and occupy most of Henan, Hunan and Guangxi, connecting Japanese-held areas from north to south in a continuous front.
However, the Japanese victory resulted in very little actual benefit for them: the operation drained Japanese manpower and a weakened Japanese army had to defend a longer front with more partisan activity in occupied areas. The opening up of north-south railway connections did little to improve Japanese logistics, for only one train ran from Guangzhou to Wuhan in April 1945, and due to fuel shortages the primary mode of transportation for Japanese troops was on foot.
On the other hand, although the Chinese government in Chongqing had lost land access to their remaining forces in Zhejiang, Anhui and Jiangxi with their defeat in "Ichi-Go", Chinese fortunes in the war improved with the retaking of north Burma by Allied and Chinese forces and since its reopening on 4 February 1945 the Ledo-Kunming Stilwell Road transported over 50,000 tonnes of petroleum into China every month. By April 1945, enough materiel had become available to the Chinese army to equip 35 divisions with American equipment. And a major counter offensive was planned.
Japanese strategic objectives.
For this campaign, the Imperial Japanese had three main objectives. The first of which was to neutralize the Chinese airfield at Zhijiang, whose complement of USAAF and ROCAF was ensuring Allied air superiority in the region and a base for U.S. bombers, either by physically reaching the airfield, located only from Chongqing, and securing it, or simply by pressing forward close enough to the airfield to force the Chinese to destroy the installation.
Their second objective was to secure their control of the Hunan-Guangxi and Guangzhou-Hankou railways. A third objective was to preemptively disrupt the planned Chinese offensive in the region.
Preparations for battle.
By this point of the war, Japan were losing the battle in Burma and facing constant attacks from Chinese forces in the country side. Spare troops for this campaign were limited. The Japanese army began preparations for the battle in March 1945, constructing two highways with forced Chinese labor: the Heng-Shao Highway ran from Hengyang in a northwest direction to Shaoyang, a Japanese controlled city in central Hunan a mere from Zhijiang; and the Tan-Shao Highway from Xiangtan, southwest to Shaoyang. Supplies and equipment were stockpiled near Shaoyang, to be the headquarters of the Japanese 20th Corps, led by Ichiro Banzai. Under it were the Japanese 34th, 47th, 64th, 68th and 116th Divisions, as well as the 86th Independent Brigade, massing at various locations across Hunan, for a total of 80,000 men by early April.
In response, the Chinese National Military Council dispatched the 4th Front Army and the 10th and 27th Army Groups with He Yingqin as commander-in-chief. At the same time, it airlifted the entire New 6th Corps, an American-equipped corps and veterans of the Burma Expeditionary Force, from Kunming to Zhijiang. Chinese forces totaled 110,000 men in 20 divisions. They were supported by about 400 aircraft from the CAF 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 5th Air Groups and the USAAF 14th Air Force.
Battle.
Japanese forces took over the outskirts of Hunan with little resistance. However, they didn't realize that the Chinese forces were well prepared for the Japanese assault. The mountainous terrain was ideal for ambushes and mortar bombardment on approaching Japanese forces in the lower grounds.
The Chinese also had air superiority in this battle. After some defeats Japan decided to retreat. However Chinese forces gave chase and inflicted heavy casualties on the Japanese. The local Chinese guerrilla forces then attacked the Japanese positions. Japan ended up losing a large amount of territory that they once occupied.
Casualties.
After the battle, Japan first announced that they only had 11,000 casualties (5,000 KIA). They later revised the figures to include an additional 15,000 casualties "due to diseases". Finally, they admitted to a casualty figure of 27,000. On the other hand, the Chinese claimed to have inflicted on the Japanese 36,358 casualties, including 12,498 KIA. The Chinese sustained (Chinese figures) 20,660 casualties with 7,817 KIA, of which there were 823 officers.

</doc>
<doc id="2881732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881732" title="Virus (Argentine band)">
Virus (Argentine band)

Virus is an Argentine new wave music band, led by Federico Moura until his death on December 21, 1988, from AIDS-related complications. His brother Marcelo then became lead singer, until the band gave its final performance on September 29, 1990, in a support slot to David Bowie. Virus reunited in 1994 and has had some sporadic activity, without recovering its previous popularity. Their latest album, Caja Negra (2006) features live versions of their classics, together with 5 new studio tracks, with invited artists influenced by the band: Ale Sergi (Miranda!), Adrián Dárgelos (Babasónicos), Pity Álvarez (Intoxicados) and Ciro Pertusi (Attaque 77).
Moura was a talented frontman, regarded as one of the best voices in Argentine rock . This, together with an ensemble of talented musicians, allowed the band to revolutionize Argentine rock. Roberto Jacoby wrote the group's lyrics from its beginning. Some of their best-known songs are "Wadu Wadu", "El rock en mi forma de ser", "Hay que salir del agujero interior", "Una luna de miel en la mano", "Amor descartable", "Imágenes paganas" and "Mirada Speed".

</doc>
<doc id="2881734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881734" title="KUER-FM">
KUER-FM

KUER-FM is a public radio station licensed to the University of Utah in Salt Lake City, Utah. Broadcasting at 90.1 MHz FM, KUER (Utah Education Radio) is a National Public Radio (NPR)-member station, also airing shows distributed by Public Radio International and American Public Media. The station produces the award-winning RadioWest, a local discussion forum hosted by Doug Fabrizio. In addition, the station carries most of the regular NPR fare, such as All Things Considered, Fresh Air, Wait Wait...Don't Tell Me! and Morning Edition, as well as local news, and jazz music in the evenings. Most of the station's syndicated fare, including Car Talk reruns, Whad'Ya Know, Mountain Stage, This American Life, On The Media, Le Show and A Prairie Home Companion, is heard on weekends. Its studios are located in the Eccles Broadcast Center on the U of U campus, while its transmitter is located on Farnsworth Peak, after relocating from Mount Vision in the Oquirrh Mountains in 2011.
With the advent of digital FM radio, KUER has broadened its offerings. KUER-HD2 airs "Xponential Radio", a national format from WHYY-FM in Philadelphia, that airs, along with some pop hits, "legacy and indie rock." KUER-HD3 broadcasts classical music from American Public Media's "Classical 24". 
History.
KUER debuted on June 5, 1960. Originally, it broadcast at only 250 watts and wasn't heard too far from the U of U campus. It gradually expanded its signal to 35,000 watts. The station was a charter member of NPR, and was one of the stations that carried the initial broadcast of "All Things Considered."
Translator system.
KUER-FM operates one of the largest translator networks of any NPR station in the country, consisting of 35 low-power repeaters. Of these, translator K202BU Manti is one of the few translators broadcasting in HD, airing the main station's two HD feeds.

</doc>
<doc id="2881735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881735" title="Dark cabaret">
Dark cabaret

Dark cabaret may be a simple description of the theme and mood of a cabaret performance, but more recently has come to define a particular musical genre which draws on the aesthetics of the decadent, risqué German Weimar-era cabarets, burlesque and vaudeville shows with the stylings of post-1970s goth and punk music.
Sources.
Cabaret proper had long associations with counter-culture and dealt with disturbing themes, as exemplified by "The Threepenny Opera" by Bertolt Brecht and Kurt Weill, with one of its best known songs "Mack the Knife" (""Moritat von Mackie Messer"") which tells the story of a murderous anti-hero, or the 1933 song "Gloomy Sunday" (""Szomorú Vasárnap"") by Hungarian composer Rezső Seress with the more recent urban legends which have grown up around it. It was therefore natural that later artists drew upon it for inspiration: Nico's 1974 album "The End..." is an early example of such influence, especially in songs such as "You Forgot to Answer" and "Secret Side", while influenced artists associated with goth and punk music specifically include Nina Hagen, Sex Gang Children and The Virgin Prunes.
Dark cabaret as a style.
One of the earliest bands to play mainly or exclusively in a style which might now be described as dark cabaret were the Tiger Lillies, formed in London in 1989. In the 1980s satirical cabaret had been revived and popularised by London-based bands such as Fascinating Aïda and Kit and The Widow but the Tiger Lillies incorporated themes of blasphemy, prostitution and bestiality in their songs, sung by Martyn Jacques in a menacing style with a falsetto voice. A collaboration between Rozz Williams and Gitane Demone - both former members of Christian Death - entitled "Dream Home Heartache" after a song by Roxy Music, was recorded in the Netherlands and released in the United States in 1995 and was described by reviewers as "cabaret "noir"" or "glam cabaret". Following her 1996 debut solo album "Quintessentially Unreal", San Francisco-based singer/pianist Jill Tracy released her second CD, "Diabolical Streak", in 1999. Canada's "Shift" magazine called the album one of the "Top 10 Neo-Cabaret albums of all time."
Emergence of the genre.
The term "dark cabaret" appears to have become popularized with the release of a 2005 compilation album entitled "Projekt Presents: A Dark Cabaret" by Projekt Records, a label chiefly associated with the goth genre. The album included "Flowers" from "Dream Home Heartache" sung by Rozz Williams together with, among others, "Evil Night Together" by Jill Tracy, "Sometimes, Sunshine" by Revue Noir, and "Coin-Operated Boy" by The Dresden Dolls. Formed by Amanda Palmer and Brian Viglione in 2000, The Dresden Dolls described their music as "Brechtian punk cabaret", a term coined by Amanda Palmer in early 2003 in part to preclude being labelled by the media as goths. Nevertheless, with their musical style and appearance in white face makeup and reduced period clothing, The Dresden Dolls and their fans quickly became the most readily identified with the newly evident dark cabaret genre, garnering the most mainstream attention. Subsequently, bands began categorising themselves and their performance as dark cabaret, such as San Diego's The Tragic Tantrum in the US, Kazenjammer Kabarett in France, or Ray Childish in Graz, Austria.
New sects of dark cabaret have emerged from the previous theatrical Dark Cabaret. With a more aggressive side and a punk or metal background, bands such as Stolen Babies, Harlequin Jones, and Birdeatsbaby, these bands are also closely associated with the previously mentioned punk cabaret.
The appearance of an identifiable dark cabaret scene coincided with the rise of Neo-Burlesque starting in the 1990s. The two have become linked following the appearance of performers such as the Chicago burlesque orchestra "Apartment" (1997–2005) and the emergence of gothic bellydance. Collaboration with burlesque performers was given by Brian Viglione as the inspiration for The Dresden Dolls' look.

</doc>
<doc id="2881738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881738" title="Rudolf Hasse">
Rudolf Hasse

Rudolf Hasse (30 May 1906 – 12 August 1942) was a famous German racing driver.
Hasse was born in Mittweida, Saxony, and died while serving on the Russian front during World War II, aged only 36. He won the 1937 Belgian Grand Prix.

</doc>
<doc id="2881743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881743" title="Kawasaki Concours">
Kawasaki Concours

The Kawasaki Concours, known as the GTR1000 in some markets, is a 1,000 cc sport touring motorcycle manufactured between 1986 and 2006 by Kawasaki. In 2007 it was replaced by the larger capacity Concours 14, also known as the 1400GTR.
ZG1000 Concours.
The Kawasaki Concours, known in Europe as the GTR1000 and in USA as the ZG1000, is a 997 cc, six speed, four cylinder, liquid-cooled sport touring motorcycle with shaft drive. The bike can reach speeds over , offers nimble handling and – with its full fairing, tall screen, twin locking panniers, and fuel capacity – is suited to cross-country two-up touring. 
Kawasaki introduced the Concours in 1986, based on their Ninja 900 and Ninja 1000R models. Key differences between the Ninja 1000R and the ZG1000 included 32 mm instead of 36 mm carburetors, less aggressively ramped cams, shaft drive, front and rear sub-frames, hard luggage, and full fairing. The Concours was introduced into the USA the year after the slightly faster (137 mph) BMW K100LT at less than two-thirds the price of the BMW machine. Both bikes were tested by the magazine "Motorcyclist", which came out in favor of the Kawasaki concluding that it was "the most practical, useful and competent motorcycle made" and "superior to the BMW in almost every aspect imaginable."
From 1986 to 1993 the design was largely unchanged aside from modifications to the screen, handlebars and other very minor changes. In 1994 Kawasaki updated the instrument cluster, forks, controls, front fender, front brakes, and the front wheel. From 1994 to 2006, the design again experienced only minor changes: fork protectors and exhaust tips. As the Concours first generation endured with few revisions, experienced mechanics and used parts are readily available.
The GTR1000 has 10–20 percent less horsepower than the US Concours, varying by country.
Successor.
In September 2006, Kawasaki announced a new generation Concours, known as the Concours 14 in North America, and 1400GTR in other markets. 
Introduced in September 2007, the new bike is based on the ZX-14 platform with features similar to the original Concours – an inline-4 engine, luggage, shaft drive and a full fairing.

</doc>
<doc id="2881745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881745" title="Vale of White Horse Council election, 1999">
Vale of White Horse Council election, 1999

Elections to Vale of White Horse Council were held on 6 May 1999. The whole council was up for election and the Liberal Democrats stayed in overall control.

</doc>
<doc id="2881760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881760" title="Horeca">
Horeca

Horeca (or HORECA) is the sector of the food service industry that consists of establishments which prepare and serve food and beverages. The term is a syllabic abbreviation of the words "Ho"tel/"Re"staurant/"Ca"fé.
The Dutch "Uniforme Voorwaarden Horeca" (UVH) is translated into English as Uniform Conditions for the Hotel and Catering Industry. This code covers hotels, bars, restaurants and related businesses in the Netherlands. "Koninklijk Horeca Nederland" is the Dutch trade association for the hotel and catering industry.
This sector is one of the fastest growing in Europe. In 2004 more than 7.8 million people were employed and the sector generated more than 338 billion turnover. Jobs tend to be temporary, with irregular hours, low pay and few career prospects. There is a high proportion of young people working in the sector.

</doc>
<doc id="2881768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881768" title="Charles Barsotti">
Charles Barsotti

Charles Branum Barsotti (Sep. 28, 1933 – June 16, 2014) was an American cartoonist who contributed gag cartoons to major magazines.
Early life.
Born in San Marcos, Texas in 1933, Barsotti grew up in San Antonio and graduated from Texas State University in 1955. He then served in the Army and worked at the Brown School in San Marcos which was a residential treatment center for people with special needs, whilst studying with the aim of obtaining a masters degree in education.
Career as a cartoonist.
Barsotti was the cartoon editor of "The Saturday Evening Post" and had been a staff cartoonist at "The New Yorker" since 1970. His work also appeared in "Playboy", "Punch" and "Fast Company", among other publications. He was a signature artist whose rounded, elegant, sparsely detailed style evoked both the traditional world of a James Thurber and the contemporary sensibility of a Roz Chast.
Barsotti's work features a simple repertory including a nameless, lovable pooch and a monarch whose kingdom consists of a guard and a telephone.
His work in comic strips included:
In 1992, his dog character was adopted as a logo by the office supplies company Niceday Ltd, which was taken over the French company Guilbert, leading to the nickname "Niceday pup" in the United Kingdom. On February 26, 1996, the pup also appeared on one of three United Kingdom postage stamps featuring Barsotti's cartoons.
Politics.
Barsotti openly opposed the Vietnam War. In 1972, he ran for Congress as the Democratic nominee against incumbent Larry Winn in the third district of Johnson County, Kansas, but faced heavy Republican opposition and dropped out of the race. In a 1986 interview Barsotti said of his campaign:
It was a 'You can vote for me as a protest against the war if you want to' kind of thing. Roughly I got about 30 percent of the vote, and it's very rough because I tried to put all that behind me as quickly as possible. I love politics but I don't like politicians. This sounds awful, but you can't a politician and be a cartoonist.
Death.
Barsotti died of brain cancer on June 16, 2014, at his home in Kansas City, Missouri, aged 80.
Awards.
Barsotti received the National Cartoonist Society's Gag Cartoon Award for 1988 for his work.

</doc>
<doc id="2881773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881773" title="Caliente Range">
Caliente Range

The Caliente Range is a west-east trending zone of uplift mountains in the California Coast Ranges, in central California. The highest peak of the range is Caliente Mountain at in elevation, located in northeastern San Luis Obispo County.
Geology.
The range is an anticlinal structure with a sharp southern boundary defined by the Morales Thrust Fault, along which runs the Cuyama River. The Cuyama Valley separates the Caliente Range from the Sierra Madre Mountains in neighboring Santa Barbara County to the south. To the northeast, the range is bounded by the Carrizo Plain. To the northwest, the range is abutted by the La Panza and Santa Lucia Ranges, two northwest-southeast trending units of the Pacific Coast Ranges.
The rocks of the Caliente range are dominated by marine and terrestrial sedimentary deposits laid down over the last 30 million years. Within them are some volcanic units, prominent particularly in the foothills beginning at the Carrizo Plain. These volcanic rocks are of Tertiary age, and are mostly basalt.
Land use and accessibility.
Most of the Caliente Range is public land, owned and managed by the Bureau of Land Management. Portions are privately owned, and some of the foothills in the northeast are within the protection of the Carrizo Plain National Monument.
The peak is accessible to non-motorized traffic via a gated road. The skeleton of an old cabin remains on the peak. This cabin was a lookout point during the Second World War, as an observer on this prominent peak would have been able to see and report Japanese airplanes coming inland to bomb the important oil fields in Kern County. Dips and rises along the ridgeline road leading to the lookout point equal about in elevation gain in the course of the round-trip journey from the locked gate to the peak and back.
Climate.
The higher peaks of the range get more precipitation than the lowlands due to orographic lift of passing storms. Some snow falls on the highest parts of the range.

</doc>
<doc id="2881786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881786" title="Siam Square">
Siam Square

Siam Square () is a shopping and entertainment area in the Siam District of Bangkok, Thailand. The area connects to other shopping centres and links to the other shopping districts by sky bridge, such as Siam Center/Siam Discovery Center, MBK Center, Siam Paragon, Ratchaprasong shopping district and Sukhumvit Road.
Within Siam Square itself, there is a range of shops and services, including tutor schools, restaurants, cafe, designer clothing boutiques, record stores, bookshops, Hard Rock Cafe and banks. The customers vary from young-aged school and college students to office workers and foreign tourists. It is sometimes referred to as the"SoHo" or "Shinjuku of Thailand". 
Siam Square is owned by Chulalongkorn University and is managed by its Property Management Office, known as the Chula Property.
History.
Siam Square's first buildings were constructed in 1970 on land belonging to Chulalongkorn University. The aim was to provide rental income for the university. From ordinary shop buildings, it changed to brandname shops and has attracted investors to set up other businesses like hotels, shopping centres and restaurants.
Eager to connect to Siam Square, surrounding businesses sought to make connections to the area, an air-conditioned walkway from MBK Centre being an example.
Location.
Siam Square is in Pathum Wan district and is bordered by Henri Dunant, Rama I and Phaya Thai roads. Opposite across Rama I Road are Siam Paragon and Siam Center/Siam Discovery Center, which can be accessed via the Bangkok Skytrain's Siam station, as well as a pedestrian bridge; MBK Center is across Phaya Thai Road, and accessed from the Bonanza Mall, via a covered, air-conditioned pedestrian bridge. Parking in Siam Square is available for a nominal fee, but is typically congested, especially on weekends.
Businesses.
Cinemas.
A 1970s-era single-screen cinema called the Siam, along with its surrounding arcades, was burnt down during the 2010 Thai military crackdown and the site is being replaced with Siam Square One shopping center.
Tutor schools.
Many tutor schools are located in Siam Square. The schools specialize in a particular subject or subjects.
Restaurants.
Siam Square hosts a large number of restaurants, including traditional Thai, Chinese, and western restaurants, bakeries, and a number of fast food outlets.
Shopping.
Siam Square is probably best known for shopping, with many bargain outlets. Most of the stores in the area are independent, but there are branches of some clothing chains.
Aside from chain stores, there is a myriad of shops and boutiques, selling local designer-label apparel, jewellery, music and bric-a-brac. There are several small malls enclosing congested warrens of stalls selling discounted fashion items. Boutique toy shops such as 2Spot Communications 2Spot Shop are located in Siam Square as well.
Nightlife.
Siam Square is not well known for Nightlife as most shops close around 10pm. However, the Hard Rock Cafe stays open late, and hosts live bands. There is a nightclub called CM2 beneath the Novotel Siam Square Hotel. Siam Square parking entrance closes around 10-11pm.

</doc>
<doc id="2881794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881794" title="Sport touring motorcycle">
Sport touring motorcycle

A sport touring motorcycle is a type of motorcycle that blends the performance of a sport bike with the long-distance capabilities of a touring motorcycle, while providing comfort and relative safety to the rider. 
For the majority of the sport-tourer models on the market, manufacturers use an existing engine and technology from the current or last generation of their sport bikes. The Triumph Sprint motorcycle, for example, shared its engine with the Daytona, Speed Triple, and Tiger models. Similarly, Ducati sourced its 916 motor for its ST4 model. In some cases, whole sportbikes were re-invented as sport touring bikes. The 2000 Kawasaki ZX-6R sportbike became the 2004 ZZR600 with only a change in the front fairing bracket. This is cost effective because the maker can reuse existing tooling and parts, rather than creating a dedicated engine design from scratch.
Differences to sport bikes.
Engine designs are usually modified from their sport bike origins, the aim being improved mid-range torque rather than peak horsepower. Other differences from the sportbike class may include:
The sport-tourer class has become important and competitive enough that many manufacturers now offer purpose-built engines for their sport touring models. The Honda ST series engines, for example, were not used in any other models until the ST was discontinued. The Yamaha FJR1300's engine, though closely related to the 1,000 cc R1 sport bike engines in design, is only available in the sport touring FJR models.

</doc>
<doc id="2881797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881797" title="Rice water">
Rice water

Rice water is the suspension of starch obtained by draining boiled rice or by boiling rice until it completely dissolves into the water. This may be used as a weak gruel for invalids. It is especially effective in the treatment of diarrhea such as that arising in cholera or gastroenteritis. 
Kanjivellam is Malayalam word for the water ("vellam") drained from boiled rice ("kanji").

</doc>
<doc id="2881802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881802" title="Vale of White Horse Council election, 2003">
Vale of White Horse Council election, 2003

Elections to Vale of White Horse Council were held on 1 May 2003. The whole council was up for election with boundary changes having taken place since the last election in 1999. The Liberal Democrats stayed in overall control of the council.

</doc>
<doc id="2881805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881805" title="Cabbage palm">
Cabbage palm

Cabbage palm is a common name for several species of palms or palm-like plants:

</doc>
<doc id="2881811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881811" title="Abanto y Ciérbana-Abanto Zierbena">
Abanto y Ciérbana-Abanto Zierbena

Abanto y Ciérbana-Abanto Zierbena is a municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, in the north of Spain.
Neighborhoods.
Abanto was originally divided into "concejo"s, Susoko Abanto or Abanto de Suso and Yusoko Abanto or Abanto de Yuso, nowadays administratively divided into neighborhoods or wards:
Demography.
In 1996, Zierbena was segregated, then:

</doc>
<doc id="2881815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881815" title="Calla">
Calla

Calla (Bog Arum, Marsh Calla, Wild Calla, and Water-arum) is a genus of flowering plant in the family Araceae, containing the single species Calla palustris. It is native to cool temperate regions of the Northern Hemisphere, in central, eastern and northern Europe (France and Norway eastward), northern Asia and northern North America (Alaska, Canada, and northeastern contiguous United States).
It is a rhizomatous herbaceous perennial plant growing in bogs and ponds. The leaves are rounded to heart-shaped, long on a petiole, and broad. The greenish-yellow inflorescence is produced on a spadix about long, enclosed in a white spathe. The fruit is a cluster of red berries, each berry containing several seeds.
The plant is very poisonous when fresh due to its high oxalic acid content, but the rhizome (like that of "Caladium", "Colocasia", and "Arum") is edible after drying, grinding, leaching and boiling.
The genus formerly also included a number of other species, which have now been transferred to the separate genus "Zantedeschia". These plants, from tropical Africa are, however, still often termed "calla lilies", but should not be confused with "C. palustris".

</doc>
<doc id="2881825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881825" title="United Kingdom local elections, 1995">
United Kingdom local elections, 1995

The 1995 United Kingdom local elections took place on 4 May 1995. The Conservative Party lost over 2,000 councillors in the election, while the Labour Party won 48% of the vote, a record high for the party in local elections.
The elections were the first to be contested under Labour's new leadership of Tony Blair, who had been elected the previous year following the sudden death of his predecessor John Smith.
This was also the first election of 22 Welsh and 14 English unitary authorities, creating shadow authorities which ran in parallel with existing councils until taking power in April 1996, except for the new Isle of Wight Council which took power immediately.

</doc>
<doc id="2881829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881829" title="Pete Wylie">
Pete Wylie

Pete Wylie (born Peter James Wylie, 22 March 1958) is a British singer/songwriter and guitarist, best known as the leader of the band variously known as Wah!, Wah! Heat, Shambeko! Say Wah!, JF Wah!, The Mighty Wah! and Wah! the Mongrel. He was credited by "Melody Maker" with coining "rockism", a post-punk term for anything considered too "old guard".
Career.
Early bands.
Wylie was born in Liverpool. He began his career in 1977 with lead vocalist Ian McCulloch and bassist Julian Cope, with whom he formed the band Crucial Three, which lasted from May to June the same year. In September, he and Cope formed a short-lived band alongside Pete Burns, The Mystery Girls. In December 1977, he joined The Spitfire Boys, who dissolved the same month. Wylie and two of the band, Pete Griffiths and Peter Clarke, formed the same month, the Nova Mob, alongside Julian Cope. The band lasted until May 1978, and Wylie waited until September to form another band, The Opium Eaters, along with Peter Clarke (known as "Budgie"), Paul Rutherford and Ian Broudie. In December, he formed another band, Crash Course, which dissolved in January 1979.
Wah!
Active from 1979, Wylie and company garnered critical acclaim throughout 1980 for the singles "Better Scream" and "Seven Minutes to Midnight" (both as Wah! Heat), the latter being single of the week in the "NME", "Sounds" and "Melody Maker" during spring 1980, and the 1981 Warner Bros. album "Nah = Poo! - The Art of Bluff" (as Wah!). Their biggest hit single was "The Story of the Blues", which was released in late 1982, and reached number 3 in the UK Singles Chart.
A follow-up single, "Hope (I Wish You'd Believe me)" was released in 1983, but the single found limited success. Next, Wylie released an officially sanctioned "official bootleg" of new and old songs entitled "The Maverick Years 1980-81" on his own label. Clad in a cover that alluded to the early 1970s "Hallmark of Quality" bootlegs, the record appeared as a white label with a blank outer cover and a sheet attached with sleevenotes by music journalist Adam Sweeting. This release did not shore up Wylie's dwindling fortunes and Wah! were subsequently dropped by WEA. In 1984, The Mighty Wah! had a Top 20 hit with the song "Come Back" (as with "The Story of the Blues", the song was chosen by the late BBC Radio 1 radio DJ John Peel, as his "single of the year"). The accompanying album, recorded for Beggars Banquet, was entitled "A Word to the Wise Guy". It was critically acclaimed, but sold poorly and the band were again dropped. By 1986, having ditched his backing ensemble, Pete Wylie had a solo hit with "Sinful!", which peaked at number 13 in the UK, ostensibly produced by Ian Ritchie, but with major input from Zeus B. Held. "Sinful!" became the title track of his 1987 solo album, which included the enigmatically titled "FourElevenFortyFour".
In 1990, a single called "Imperfect List" was released under the project name of Big Hard Excellent Fish. The spoken-word track is a list of 64 least favourite people and things read by Wylie's then girlfriend and collaborator Josie Jones. The list was written by Wylie and the track was recorded by Robin Guthrie of the Cocteau Twins, although Wylie is not credited on the record. The list ranges from "Adolf Hitler" to "lost keys". In 2004, "Imperfect List" was used by Morrissey at shows prior to his appearance on stage. The track appears on Morrissey's video of the live performance, "Who Put the M in Manchester?".
Also in 1990, The Justified Ancients of Mu Mu released a limited edition (either 500 or 350 copies) white label version of "It's Grim Up North" featuring Wylie on vocals. This version was a club-only release. The main version was released in October 1991 with Bill Drummond on vocals, making the charts.
Creative cracks had begun to appear by 1991, when the collaboration with The Farm on "Sinful! (Scary Jiggin' With Dr Love)" did little for either of the rival camps.
In 1991, Wylie toured the UK in support of the "Infamy!" album with a band featuring Joe McKechnie on drums and Peter Baker on keyboards. On 11 November of that year, Wylie suffered a near fatal fall when a railing gave way in Upper Parliament Street, Liverpool. He fractured both his spine and his sternum. A long period of rehabilitation ensued.
Wylie began to write songs again and sent demos to David Balfe, formerly of The Teardrop Explodes, founder of Food Records and by that time General Manager and Head of A&R of Sony's Columbia label. Legend has it that Balfe was so impressed he immediately gave Wylie £750,000 to record the songs which Wylie duly did (in London and Memphis), delivering "Songs of Strength and Heartbreak" to a delighted Balfe in 1998. The truth appears somewhat more sober, however, as the album — despite being finished up to the point where artwork was finalised and discs even sent out for review — was rejected by Sony, who chose not to release it. Subsequently, Wylie found himself in artistic limbo as Sony owned the rights to the music he had recorded as "Songs of Strength and Heartbreak". The artist found himself unable to acquire the master tapes and without a recording contract. Eventually, however, he was handed the master tapes and Castle Records released the album.
Wylie's "Heart As Big As Liverpool" (1998) is popular within the city and especially with Liverpool Football Club supporters. It is used in the official Hillsborough tribute video, on a 2001 CD of Merseyside artists (compiled in collaboration with Liverpool Football Club) "Mersey Boys and Liverpool Girls" and features on "Songs of Strength & Heartbreak", a 2000 album credited to The Mighty Wah! The song is also regularly played at Liverpool Football Club's home ground, Anfield — a source of great pride to Wylie, a Liverpool fan.
The year 2000 also heralded a compilation album entitled "The Handy Wah! Whole".
Wylie then joined Dead Men Walking, featuring Mike Peters of The Alarm, Kirk Brandon of Spear of Destiny and Glen Matlock of the Sex Pistols. They toured extensively, performing old songs as well as new, including Wylie's "Your Mother Must Be Very Proud".
Following an invitation from Alejandro Escovedo, Wylie performed at the 2006 South by Southwest festival in Austin, Texas.
Wylie's latest project is a twin album release with the working titles "Pete Sounds" and "SLiME", both puns on mid-'60s Beach Boys projects. Although he sold demos of some of the new songs at gigs in 2004, he remains without a recording contract. In 2007, he announced a series of gigs at the Zanzibar club, Seel Street, Liverpool, each of which took place on the last Saturday of each month and featured guest musicians such as Ian Prowse (of the legendary Scouse band Pele), Ian McNabb and Brian "Nasher" Nash (of Frankie Goes to Hollywood) playing Wylie songs as well as many covers of classic songs by other artists.
In January 2008, Wylie performed at the opening ceremony of Liverpool's European City of Culture tenure. Over the last couple of years, Wylie has written the soundtracks for two films; Alex Cox's "I'm A Juvenile Delinquent - Jail Me!" (made by Hurricane Films for the BBC's Learning Zone) and "Under the Mud" (also produced by Hurricane Films).
In 2011-12, Wylie embarked on the Justice Tonight tour with various other guest musicians including John Power, Mick Jones, The Farm and Billy Bragg, campaigning for justice for the victims and families of the Hillsborough disaster.
Discography.
The discography of Pete Wylie includes music recorded as a solo artist and as the leader of groups variously named Wah!, Wah! Heat, The Mighty Wah!, Pete Wylie & Wah! The Mongrel and Pete Wylie & The Oedipus Wrecks. It consists of six studio albums, two compilations, an extended play of John Peel recording sessions and thirteen singles.

</doc>
<doc id="2881835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881835" title="Sony Ericsson P990">
Sony Ericsson P990

Sony Ericsson P990 is a smartphone and the successor of Sony Ericsson P910. The phone uses the UIQ 3 software platform, which is based upon Symbian OS 9.1. It was released in August 2006. The P990 has a numeric keypad that flips open to reveal a full QWERTY keyboard below the display, on the phone itself. This is a change from P910, where the keyboard is on the flip. The flip itself can be attached or detached using the screw and screwdriver found in the box. The phone is a UMTS (3G) and tri-band GSM phone supporting video calls through its front VGA camera. The touchscreen displays 262,114 colours (18-bit colour depth) with a resolution of 240x320 pixels. It also comes with a 2.0 Megapixel camera featuring autofocus and an FM/RDS radio. The P990 runs the Nexperia PNX4008 ARM9 208 MHz processor from Philips. The screen despite a smaller length (2.8 inch) than its predecessors is actually larger in area because of the increased resolution. The phone also improves over the P910 by including support for Wi-Fi, allowing users to connect to 802.11b wireless networks. You can browse the Web using the built in Opera browser. Additional features includes RSS feeds, online video streaming, Java ME support and Handwriting recognition.
Popularity.
P990 was adopted for business and personal use. Office which includes Word, excel and pdf support comes installed with the firmware itself. New features like Business card scanner and Front Camera attracted lots of consumers.
Problems.
P990 was the major smartphone device launched after P910. It had the latest UIQ user interface 3, which was completely incompatible with previous device applications, such as those of the P900 and P910, so new applications had to be written. Hence, the device did not have as many applications as older devices had.
The major issue of P990 was RAM, which was much less (64 MB), of which device used 48 MB in start up (OS) and only 16 MB was available for the user. This caused the phone to work slowly and crash frequently. Running multiple applications simultaneously was not possible due to lack of sufficient RAM. The latest update increased the available RAM, which solved most of the problems.
Network hang is the most prominent problem seen on P990. When the phone is kept idle for a certain time, the signal gets dropped. Only restarting the phone solves this problem. During the network hang, the phone seems perfect, but SMS and calls are dropped.
Latest firmware.
Sony Ericsson updated the firmware, which made OS reduce its size up to 2 MB and gave the user 17 MB of memory to use. There were improvements seen in the phone after the software update. The phone seems stable after the latest update.
The latest firmware is R6E28 of both Generic World 1 and Generic World 2. Lot of issues were addressed since some branded phones were not allowed to update.
It was then possible to change the CDA of the phone with the use of third-party software like XS++.

</doc>
<doc id="2881841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881841" title="Jens Kruppa">
Jens Kruppa

Jens Kruppa (born 3 June 1976 in Freital) is an international breaststroke swimmer from Germany, who won the silver medal in the 4×100 metres medley relay at the 2004 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="2881852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881852" title="Snowcap">
Snowcap

The snowcap ("Microchera albocoronata") is a small hummingbird. It is the only member of the genus Microchera.
Description.
This is a tiny hummingbird, 6.5 cm long and 2.5 g in weight, with a short black bill and black legs. The adult male snowcap is unmistakable. It has the shining white cap which gives this species its English and scientific names, a deep purple body, and white outer tail feathers. The adult female is bronze-green above, dull white below, and has dull white outer tail feathers. She has more white below than other female hummingbirds. Juvenile snowcaps resemble the adult female, but are duller, have greyer underparts, and bronzed central tail feathers. The purple plumage of young males starts on the underparts as a striking dark central line.
Behaviour.
Breeding.
The nest is a small cup of plant down and cobwebs decorated with green moss or lichen, which is attached to a small twig or vine. The two white elongated eggs are incubated for just over two weeks, and the female feeds the young on regurgitated nectar and insects.
Feeding.
The male snowcap defends his feeding territory against others of the same species, but is readily displaced by larger hummingbirds. They usually visit small flowers of vines, trees and epiphytes for nectar, and also take some insects, especially when feeding young.
Voice.
The call of this species is a high-pitched "tsip", and the male’s song is a warbling "tsitsup tsitsup tsitsup tsuu ttsee".
Distribution and habitat.
It is a resident breeder in Honduras, Nicaragua, Costa Rica and western Panama. Its habitat is the canopy and edges of wet forest, and it will also use adjacent more open woodland. It occurs mainly on the Caribbean mountain slopes, breeding mainly at heights of 300–800 m. After breeding, most descend to the adjacent lowlands, but some may wander up to heights of 1400 m.

</doc>
<doc id="2881862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881862" title="Stev Theloke">
Stev Theloke

Stev Theloke (born 18 January 1978 in Karl-Marx-Stadt) is a professional swimmer from Germany, who won two bronze medals at the 2000 Summer Olympics. He did so in the 4×100 metres medley relay and in the 100 metres backstroke. 
Theloke missed the 2004 Summer Olympics due to injury, and he was expelled from the German team for the 2005 World Aquatics Championships after he criticised his own swimming federation in an interview.

</doc>
<doc id="2881868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881868" title="Jakup Xherahu">
Jakup Xherahu

Jakup Xherahu was the mayor of the town of Ishmi, western Albania. Very distinguished, he proclaimed independence from the Ottoman Empire by raising the Albanian flag, just days before Albanian Independence Day on November 28, 1912.
A close ally to Abaz Kupi, he helped him escape communist forces during World War II and was subsequently persecuted by the Enver Hoxha regime for that.

</doc>
<doc id="2881872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881872" title="NDRI">
NDRI

NDRI may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2881874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881874" title="Somebody Put Something in My Drink">
Somebody Put Something in My Drink

"Somebody Put Something in My Drink" is a song by the Ramones from their 1986 album "Animal Boy". The song also appears on the Ramones compilation album "Ramones Mania", the only Ramones album to go gold. The song was written by Ramones drummer Richie Ramone, who joined the band in 1983, and was based on an incident in which he was given a drink spiked with LSD.
This song has been covered by Children of Bodom, The Meteors, Plan 4, Nosferatu, Mortifer, Farben Lehre, Acid Drinkers, Reincidentes, and Panx Romana.
A music video for this song was filmed, but for financial reasons, never completed and released. However, a rough cut of the track can be found on the "Ramones: It's Alive! 1974-1996" DVD. This version was performed without Richie Ramone.
The song was featured in the 1987 movie "Like Father Like Son" with Dudley Moore, Kirk Cameron, and Sean Astin as well as "".
Other links.
Ramones discography

</doc>
<doc id="2881875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881875" title="Matthew Emmons">
Matthew Emmons

Matthew D. Emmons (born April 5, 1981 in Mount Holly Township, New Jersey) is an American sport shooter.
Careers.
Emmons started out as a successful junior and has been a holder of the junior world record in 50 metre rifle three positions. The young shooter won both the 2002 ISSF World Cup Final and the 2004 ISSF World Cup Final in this event.
At the great championships however, his successes have come in another event: that of the prone position. He won both the 2002 ISSF World Shooting Championships and the 2004 Summer Olympics in this event. In Athens, he was very close to winning a historic double, but in the three positions competition, he accidentally cross-fired his last shot and finished eighth.
Emmons's gold medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics in the prone position came while using a borrowed rifle. In April 2004, just prior to the Olympic Team Trials, Emmons discovered his rifle had been severely sabotaged in the supposedly secure locker room at the United States Olympic Training Center. The precisely tuned barrel and action were heavily damaged by what appeared to be a screwdriver. "I unpacked my gun and I noticed that something wasn't right," Emmons said. "Sure enough, somebody had done something to it. I shot it and I couldn't get the shell out. I said, 'Something's wrong here'." Emmons said it could not have been an accident "Oh no, no," Emmons said. "Somebody took a screwdriver and went in." Emmons went onto the 2004 Summer Olympics, and his gold medal in the prone position event, using his former University of Alaska Fairbanks teammate, Amber Darland's, .22 rifle. He never found out who the saboteur was, but said "I'd like to know so I could shake their hand and say thanks."
In the 2008 Summer Olympics, Emmons won the silver medal in the prone competition. In his second event, men's 50 metre rifle three positions, Emmons finished the qualification round in second place, 1 point behind the leader. In the ten shot final, Emmons overtook the leader after just the first shot. Over the next eight shots, Emmons extended his lead to 3.3 points. Then, in a shocking turn of events, his 3.3 point lead vanished when he posted a 4.4 on his final shot. He finished off the podium in 4th place. Emmons called the last shot a "freak of nature." "The way I come into a target is I start above the target and come down from 12 o'clock and get into the bullseye," he told reporters. "And as I get down into the bullseye is when I start to get on the trigger (with my finger) and as I was starting to get on the trigger, the gun just went off. I guess I just set it off. I got on the trigger a little too hard. I didn't feel my trigger finger shaking but I guess it was. It just hit the trigger, the gun went off and I was like 'uh, that's not going to be good - I hope it hit the black'. It hit the black, but a little high," he said.
"It's just not meant to be," said Kateřina Emmons, laughing. "He's definitely the best standing shooter out there. If he can still end up fourth with a 4.4 on the last shot, that's a hell of a shooter." "He smoked everybody else the last shot," Kateřina Emmons said.
"Things happen for a reason," Emmons said. "I said that last time, and it's the truth. Maybe last time, the reason was Katy. This time I don't know yet, but I'm sure something good's going to come from it." 
In the 2012 Summer Olympics, Emmons won the bronze medal in the three positions.
Personal life.
Emmons has been a resident of Mount Holly Township, New Jersey. He holds a degree in management and finance from the University of Alaska Fairbanks and is a graduate at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs, Colorado Springs.
Emmons married Czech sport shooter and Olympic champion Kateřina Kůrková. in Pilsen, Czech Republic on June 30, 2007. They met at the 2004 Olympic Games in Athens when Kateřina came to console Matt after his gold medal blunder. They both live and train at the Colorado Springs, Colo. Olympic Training Center. Their daughter, Julia, was born in 2009. Matthew Emmons was diagnosed with thyroid cancer in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="2881879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881879" title="Post horn">
Post horn

The post horn ("also" posthorn, post-horn, or coach horn) is a valveless cylindrical brass or copper instrument with cupped mouthpiece, used to signal the arrival or departure of a post rider or mail coach. It was used especially by postilions of the 18th and 19th centuries. Mail coaches had tight schedules and travelled at high speed, given priority of way in most countries. Other road users were required to clear completely out of the way. The Post Horn also acted as a modern day siren, the sound travelling some distance ahead and giving warning of a fast approaching mail coach before it could be seen.
The instrument commonly had a circular or coiled shape with three turns of the tubing, though sometimes it was straight. It is therefore an example of a natural horn. The cornet was developed from the post horn by adding valves.
Mozart, Mahler, and others incorporated the instrument into their orchestras for certain pieces. On such occasions, the orchestra's horn player usually plays the instrument. One example of post horn use in modern classical music is the famous off-stage solo in Mahler's Third Symphony. Due to the scarcity of this instrument, however, music written for it is usually played on a trumpet or flugelhorn.
In 1844, the German cornet player Hermann Koenig wrote "Post Horn Galop" (Post Horn Gallop) as a solo for post horn with orchestral accompaniment. In the 20th century it became a popular piece for brass bands. During World War I wooden post-horns were used as a means of collecting war donations via a method called the Nail Men. People would donate and in exchange be allowed to hammer a nail into the horn, until the horn was completely covered. 
The instrument is still used as the logo of national post services in many countries.
The post horn is included in Unicode as .

</doc>
<doc id="2881888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881888" title="Forget Magazine">
Forget Magazine

Forget Magazine is an online Canadian literary magazine founded on Valentines Day, 2001, first based in Charlottetown, now based in Vancouver. It has featured original works of poetry, fiction and journalism by first-time authors and well-known Canadian writers.
In an April 2002 story on "Forget Magazine", "Quill & Quire" described editor and founder Kent Bruyneel as "a Jack McClelland in the making." 

</doc>
<doc id="2881890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881890" title="Sheshonk IV">
Sheshonk IV

Hedjkheperre Setepenre Shoshenq IV ruled Egypt's 22nd Dynasty between the reigns of Shoshenq III and Pami. In 1986, David Rohl proposed that there were two king Shoshenqs bearing the prenomen Hedjkheperre – (i) the well-known founder of the dynasty, Hedjkheperre Shoshenq I, and (ii) a later pharaoh from the second half of the dynasty, whom Rohl called Hedjkheperre Shoshenq (b) due to his exact position in the dynasty being unknown. Following Rohl's proposal, the British Egyptologist Aidan Dodson supported the new king’s existence by demonstrating that the earlier Hedjkheperre Shoshenq bore simple epithets in his titulary, whereas the later Hedjkheperre Shoshenq’s epithets were more complex.
Dodson suggested that the ruler Kenneth Kitchen (in his standard work on Third Intermediate Period chronology) had numbered Shoshenk IV – bearing the prenomen Usermaatre – should be removed from the 22nd Dynasty and replaced by Rohl's Hedjkheperre Shoshenq (b), renumbering the latter as Shoshenq IV. At the same time the old Usermaatre Shoshenq IV was renumbered as Shoshenq VI. Dodson's historical summary of the new King Shoshenq IV's discovery and his supportive evidence for that king’s independent existence from Hedjkheperre Shoshenq I appeared in a seminal article entitled ‘A New King Shoshenq Confirmed?’ which appeared in 1993.
Rohl and Dodson's combined arguments for the existence of a new 22nd Dynasty Tanite king called Hedjkheperre Shoshenq IV are accepted by Egyptologists today, including Jurgen von Beckerath and Kenneth Kitchen – the latter in the preface to the third edition of his book on The Third Intermediate Period in Egypt.
As Dodson pointed out, while Shoshenq IV shared the same prenomen as his illustrious ancestor Shoshenq I, he is distinguished from Shoshenq I by his use of an especially long nomen – Shoshenq-meryamun-sibast-netjerheqaon which featured both the sibast ('son of Bast') and netjerheqaon ('god-ruler of Heliopolis') epithets. These two epithets were only gradually employed by the 22nd Dynasty pharaohs, starting from the reign of Osorkon II. By contrast, Shoshenq I’s nomen simply reads ‘Shoshenq-meryamun’. Shoshenq I's immediate successors, Osorkon I and Takelot I also never used epithets beyond the standard ‘meryamun’ (beloved of Amun). In his 1994 book on the Canopic Equipment of the Kings of Egypt, Dodson perceptively observes that when the sibast epithet ‘appears during the dynasty of Osorkon II’, it is rather infrequent, while the netjerheqawaset ('god-ruler of Thebes') and netjerheqaon epithets are only exclusively attested ‘in the reigns of that monarch’s successors’ – that is Shoshenq III, Pami and Shoshenq V. This suggests that the newly identified Hedjkhperre Shoshenq IV was a late Tanite-era king who ruled in Egypt either during or after the reign of Shoshenq III.
Rohl had already pointed out in 1989 that the cartouches of a Hedjkheperre Shoshenq appear on a stela (St. Petersburg Hermitage 5630) dated to Year 10 of the king. This stela mentions a Chief of the Libu, Niumateped, who is also attested in a Year 8, usually attributed to Shoshenq V. Since the title ‘Chief of the Libu’ is only documented from Year 31 of Shoshenq III onwards, it seems this new king must have ruled contemporary with or after Shoshenq III. Dodson noted that the Hedjkheperre Shoshenq on the stela bore the long form titulary, now attributed to Hedjkhperre Shoshenq IV, thus confirming that the stela cannot be dated to Hedjkheperre Shoshenq I.
In his 1993 paper, Dodson proposed to place Shoshenq IV's reign after the last attested regnal date for Shoshenk III in Year 39, arguing that the discovery of Shoshenq IV’s burial in the tomb of Shoshenq III at Tanis makes it likely that he was part of the 22nd Dynasty Tanite line. Dodson would therefore place Hedjkheperre Shoshenq IV between Shoshenk III and Pami.
Burial.
Excavation work in the looted NRT V Tanite tomb of Shoshenq III revealed the presence of two sarcophagi: one inscribed for Usermaatre-setepenre Shoshenq III and the other being an anonymous sarcophagus. The unmarked sarcophagus, however, ‘was clearly a secondary introduction’ according to its position in the tomb. In the Tanite tomb’s debris, several fragments were found from one or two canopic jars bearing the cartouches of a Hedjkheperre Shoshenq. Rohl had pointed out that the Staatliche Museum in Berlin possessed a canopic chest for Hedjkheperre Shoshenq I and that these jars from the tomb of Shoshenq III were too large to fit inside the Berlin canopic chest. Rohl ‘used the evidence of the jars as the key element of his theory that there were indeed two Hedjkheperre Shoshenqs’. Dodson noted that the Tanite canopic vessels bear the name ‘Hedjkheperre-Setpenre-meryamun-sibast-netjerheqaon’ and, since the epithet netjerheqaon ('god ruler of Heliopolis') was never employed by the 22nd Dynasty kings until the reign of Shoshenq III, this is clear evidence that the new Shoshenq IV was buried in Shoshenq III's Tanite tomb and must have succeeded this king. It also establishes that the king buried in the second sarcophagus in Shoshenq III's tomb was certainly not Shoshenq I. Dodson was initially reluctant to accept Rohl's proposal for a second Hedjkheperre Shoshenk but his own research into the archaeological evidence led him to revise his opinion:
“Having implicitly rejected such a conclusion in 1986, further study of the canopic fragments as part of my general treatment of royal canopics has now led me rather to support the existence of two Shoshenqs with the prenomen Hedjkheperre.”
This is now the mainstream consensus view within Egyptology.

</doc>
<doc id="2881891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881891" title="List of U.S. counties with African-American majority populations in 2000">
List of U.S. counties with African-American majority populations in 2000

The following is a list of United States counties in which a majority (over 50%) of the population is African American or Black, according to data from the 2000 Census. The list below is organized by state and the percentage of each county's population that is African American is listed in parentheses next to the county's name.
County-equivalents, such as independent cities (e.g., St. Louis, Missouri and any municipality in Virginia incorporated as a "city"), are included in this list.

</doc>
<doc id="2881896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881896" title="Kuni ga Moeru">
Kuni ga Moeru

Controversy.
The manga became controversial in 2004 due to its depiction of the Nanjing Massacre. In particular, Motomiya drew criticism for a picture based on a famous photograph that allegedly shows a Japanese soldier posing for a souvenir shot with a woman he has raped. He altered the picture slightly, so that the soldier was shown to be wearing the official uniform of the Imperial Japanese Army
On October 13, 2004, after pressure was exerted by Japanese civilians and politicians, Shueisha announced that it would suspend the series: "It has come to our attention that the photograph used is a falsification."[http://www.animenewsnetwork.com/article.php?id=5578] The series stopped for several weeks, though Motomiya and Shueisha later apologized for the incident and the series was restarted.

</doc>
<doc id="2881900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881900" title="Nishi-Hiranai Station">
Nishi-Hiranai Station

History.
Nishi-Hiranai Station was opened on October 1, 1939 as a station on the Tōhoku Main Line of the Japanese Government Railways (JGR), the pre-war predecessor to the Japan National Railways (JNR). Regularly scheduled freight services were discontinued in November 1961. The station has been unattended since August 1970. With the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987, it came under the operational control of East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
The section of the Tōhoku Main Line including this station was transferred to Aoimori Railway on December 4, 2010.
Station layout.
Nishi-Hiranai Station has two opposed side platforms, connected the station building by an overpass.

</doc>
<doc id="2881909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881909" title="Directorate-General for Research and Innovation (European Commission)">
Directorate-General for Research and Innovation (European Commission)

The Directorate-General for Research and Innovation, informally DG Research and Innovation, is a Directorate-General of the European Commission, located in Brussels, and responsible for, notably, the European Union's research policy and coordination of research activities. It is headed by Commissioner Máire Geoghegan-Quinn and Director-General Robert-Jan Smits.
Mission.
The Directorate General’s mission is evolving as work on the European Research Area (ERA) continues. It can be summarised as follows: 
One of the instruments used for the implementation of this policy is the multi-annual Framework Programmes for Research and Technological Development (FP RTD) which helps to organise and financially support cooperation between high schools, research centres, and industries - including small and medium sized enterprises (SME).
Structure.
Directorates :
In carrying out the various tasks the Directorate General works closely with other Commission departments such as the Joint Research Centre, which also falls under the responsibility of Commissioner Máire Geoghegan-Quinn, the Directorates General for the Information Society, Energy and Transport, the Environment, Enterprise, and others.

</doc>
<doc id="2881916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881916" title="H Street">
H Street

H Street is a set of east-west streets in several of the quadrants of Washington, D.C. It is also used as an alternate name for the Near Northeast neighborhood, as H Street NW/NE is the neighborhood's main commercial strip.
History.
The H Street neighborhood was one of Washington's earliest and busiest commercial districts, and was the location of the first Sears Roebuck store in Washington. H Street went into decline after World War II and businesses in the corridor were severely damaged during the 1968 riots. The street did not start to recover until the 21st century.
In 2002, the District of Columbia Office of Planning initiated a community-based planning effort to help revitalize the corridor. Because it is nearly long, the resulting H Street NE Strategic Strategic Development Plan divided H Street into 3 districts: the Urban Living district (between 2nd and 7th Streets NE), the Central Retail District (between 7th and 12th Streets NE), and the Arts and Entertainment District (between 12th and 15th Streets NE).
In the mid-2000s, the Arts and Entertainment District began to revitalize as a nightlife district. The Atlas Theater, a Moderne-style 1930s movie theater that had languished since the 1968 riots—was refurbished as a dance studio and performance space, and is now the anchor of what is now being called the Atlas District. H Street NE became home to the H Street Playhouse, a black-box theater where Theater Alliance and Forum Theatre are in residence; live music venues, such as the Red and the Black and the Rock & Roll Hotel; and restaurants and bars such as the Argonaut, Dangerously Delicious Pies, Showbar Presents the Palace of Wonders, the Pug and Sticky Rice.
This process of gentrification led to tensions with some previous residents, who felt that they were becoming less welcome as the neighborhood changed and worried about being priced out.
Geography.
H Street NE.
In Northeast Washington, H Street continues uninterrupted from North Capitol Street to 15th Street NE, where it terminates in what is known as the "starburst intersection", where it meets Bladensburg Road, 15th Street, Benning Road, Maryland Avenue, and Florida Avenue. After this intersection, there is a gap of several blocks before H Street continues for a short segment between 17th and 24th Streets NE. The road does not continue east of the Anacostia River.
H St NE was voted 6th most hipster place in America by Forbes Magazine in September 2012.
H Street NW.
In Northwest Washington, H Street is the main street in Chinatown and one of the major east-west streets downtown. When Pennsylvania Avenue in front of the White House was closed to vehicular traffic in the 1990s, crosstown traffic that had formerly used Pennsylvania Avenue was rerouted to H and I streets. The street also passes Lafayette Park and through the George Washington University campus and the Foggy Bottom neighborhood before terminating at Rock Creek.
H Streets SW and SE.
The city plan on which D.C. was laid out provides for a parallel H Street in the southwest and southeast quadrants of the city. Subsequent government actions, most notably the construction of I-395/I-295, disconnected the southern H Street in several places. In its current form, it does not run consecutively for more than two blocks at any point except for its easternmost extremity, near Fort Dupont Park.
Economy.
Real estate.
The median sales price of houses July–September 2009 near H St NE was $417,000.
Infrastructure.
H Street NE has been selected as one of the initial locations for the new DC Streetcars. The tracks have been laid, but supporting construction (power substations, stops and the like) has not been completed. After a series of delays, service—originally scheduled for 2012—is expected to be available by the end of 2013.
Notable residents.
Notable residents include:

</doc>
<doc id="2881918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881918" title="Joint Sitting of the Australian Parliament of 1974">
Joint Sitting of the Australian Parliament of 1974

A joint sitting of the Australian parliament was convened in 1974, in which members of the Senate and House of Representatives sat together as a single legislative body. The joint sitting was held on 6 and 7 August 1974, following the double dissolution 1974 federal election, and remains the only time that members of both houses of the federal parliament have sat together as a single legislative body pursuant to section 57 of the Constitution.
This sitting deliberated and voted upon the following bills:
All six bills were affirmed by an absolute majority of the total number of members and senators, a requirement under the Constitution for the bills to pass. All proceedings of the joint sitting were broadcast by the Australian Broadcasting Commission and a complete sound record was made for archival purposes. This would be the first Australian television coverage of parliamentary debates.
Political background.
In early 1974, the conservative parties led by Billy Snedden had chosen to use their majority in the Senate to oppose key government legislation. As the Senate had rejected the bills twice, Prime Minister Gough Whitlam advised a double dissolution under section 57 of the Constitution. The Governor-General Sir Paul Hasluck agreed, and on 18 May an election for both houses of parliament was held.
Campaigning for the Labor Party, Whitlam asked the electorate to let him "finish the job" and used the slogan "Give Gough a Go". The Liberal and Country parties focused their campaign on government mismanagement and the state of the economy. The Labor Party was returned with a slightly reduced majority in the House of Representatives and, crucially, still without the Senate majority it required to pass the legislation in question.
The new parliament convened on 9 July. On 11 July, Sir Paul Hasluck's term as Governor-General ended, and Sir John Kerr was sworn in. The legislation was reintroduced, but, as expected, it again failed to pass the Senate. Now, all the constitutional requirements for a joint sitting had been met. At Whitlam's request, on 30 July Sir John Kerr issued a proclamation convening the joint sitting.
The coalition parties sought to prevent the joint sitting by challenging its constitutional validity in the High Court. The writs were issued by Senator Sir Magnus Cormack (Lib) and Senator Jim Webster (CP) on 1 August. The Queensland government also brought an action, although it sought a narrower declaration. The court delivered a unanimous decision on 5 August ("Cormack v Cope" (1974) 131 CLR 432) and ruled that the sitting was constitutionally valid.
The sitting.
The joint sitting of all 187 members of Parliament (127 from the House of Representatives and 60 from the Senate) was held over two days, on 6 and 7 August 1974. The House of Representatives chamber was chosen as the venue for the sitting, and the event was covered by both radio and television. As well as the lower house holding a bigger seating capacity than the Senate, Whitlam said it was "the people's House, the House where alone governments are made and unmade".
Speaker Jim Cope assumed the chair; his had been the only nomination. Whitlam further commented that "at long last, after sustained stonewalling and filibustering, the parliament can proceed to enact these essential parts of the government's program." Snedden, on the other hand, was more cynical, stating "this is indeed an historic occasion. So many people have described it as such that one is convinced it must be."
Given the importance of the occasion, both sides of politics showed behaviour and restraint. The Coalition continued to oppose the legislation but the Labor majority in the House was such that it had an overall majority in the Parliament, and all the legislation was able to pass easily. A vote of 94 was required, so that if at least 94 of the 95 Labor parliamentarians supported the bills, each would be passed.
Special rules were drafted for the conduct of business. These included the hours of sittings, a 20-minute limit on speeches, and a requirement that there be at least 4 hours of debate (or 12 speakers) before debate on any bill could be ended.
For the most part, the proceedings moved smoothly. The health insurance bills were both passed on party lines, 95 to 92, and the Petroleum and Minerals Authority legislation also passed on party lines, though with one Liberal Party member absent. Liberal Movement Senator Steele Hall supported the three electoral Bills, citing his experience as Liberal Premier of South Australia, where he had fought his own party to improve unequal electoral arrangements known as the Playmander. Northern Territory Country Party member Sam Calder supported the Territory Senators legislation, though he opposed the ACT being given added representation.
The proceedings concluded at 11 p.m. on 7 August, to mixed reviews. Labor saw it as an ‘historic’ event; their opponents saw it as a waste of time. On 8 August 1974, the Governor-General gave Royal Assent to all the bills.
The only parliamentarian who took part in the Joint Sitting who is still serving today is the Father of the House and of the Parliament, Philip Ruddock, who had been elected to the House of Representatives in 1973.
Subsequent legal challenge.
Thirteen months later, four state litigants, Victoria, New South Wales, Queensland and Western Australia took legal action against the Minister for Minerals and Energy Rex Connor and the Commonwealth Government, and successfully overturned the "Petroleum and Minerals Authority Act 1973" on the grounds that correct constitutional procedure had not been followed: it had not been one of the 'proposed laws' in dispute when the double dissolution was called and could not therefore be voted on by the joint session. Although the law remains on the statute books as No. 74 of 1973, it was invalidated by the ruling of the High Court.
Proposed joint sitting 1987.
In 1987, the Hawke government's legislation for an Australia Card was twice rejected by the Senate, before and again after the 1987 double dissolution election. A joint sitting was planned, but the bill was abandoned when it was realised its implementation would still have been subject to the whim of the Senate, which was hostile to the proposal.

</doc>
<doc id="2881920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881920" title="Ajangiz">
Ajangiz

Ajangiz (in Basque and officially, in Spanish "Ajánguiz") is a town and municipality in the province of Biscay, in the Basque Country. It is located in the Busturialdea comarca, and was part of the municipality of Gernika-Lumo between 1940 and 1991.
Etymology.
"Ajangiz" is one of the Basque toponyms with an "-iz" suffix. Julio Caro Baroja argued that most of these toponyms come from the Latin suffix "-icus". According to Baroja, Ajangiz might come from a patronymic form of "Allianus", a documented Latin name, which would become "Allianicus" with the -icus suffix and "Allianici" when referring to the descendants of Allianus. The oldest reference to the town is "Axanguiz", which might have evolved from Allianici; "Allianici" → "Axianici" → "Axanguici" → "Axanguiz".
History.
The Busturialdea region was heavily inhabited during the prehistory by groups of farmers and livestock farmers during the neolithic and the Bronze Age (between 5500 and 2800 BC), proved by the archeological sites found across the town. The first reference of the town comes from a document by Friar Martín de Coscojales, who mentions how the "Lord of the High Asturias of Oviedo" escaped from the King of Asturias, reaching Biscay and founding a house with his own name in the town of Axangiz, in the year 788. The town is further mentioned in several records of the War of the Bands.
As it is recorded in the documents from the 16th Century, Ajangiz held the eleventh position at the Juntas of Gernika, with the legal status of "ledanía". Ajangiz would become an elizate in the 18th Century. A small hermitage held the ecclesiastical archives until the year 1844, when the parish church was finished. In 1943, the town was annexed to the municipality of Gernika, it regained its autonomy in 1991.
Geography.
Ajangiz is located in the northern half of the Biscay province, in the northwestern Basque Country. The town is located on a hillside less than 4 km away from Gernika-Lumo, the capital of the Busturialdea comarca. The boundary between Ajangiz and Gernika-Lumo is the River Oka. Ajangiz is divided into two neighborhoods, Mendieta, where is located the town hall, and Kanpantxu.

</doc>
<doc id="2881924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881924" title="Uri, Jammu and Kashmir">
Uri, Jammu and Kashmir

Uri is a town on the river Jhelum in the Baramulla district, in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir. It is located just 18 km from the line of control. The historic national highway NH-1A passes through this picturesque town. The town has enjoyed peace for a long time, unlike the rest of the state. Uri was levelled in the Richter 7.6 2005 Kashmir earthquake on 8 October 2005 in which nearly 1500 people died. But, the town was rapidly reconstructed by the government and civilian agencies to regain its past stature.
Geography.
Uri is located at , and has an average elevation of .
Uri is a frontier town and is surrounded on three sides by that part of Kashmir administered by Pakistan. Uri is by road from Baramulla and from Srinagar, the capital city of Jammu and Kashmir. Srinagar is also the nearest airport.
Uri is also a beautiful valley situated in the north-western side of Kashmir. Major villages near Uri include Nambla, Kamalkote, Salamabad and Garkote.
Demographics.
At the 2001 census, Uri had a population of 400,900. Males constitute 53% of the population and females 47%. Islam is the predominant religion with 95% of the total population; Hindus, Sikhs and Christians make the rest. Uri has an average literacy rate of 85%, higher than the national average of 60%: male literacy is 90%, and female literacy is 76%. In Uri, 40% of the population is under 6 years of age. The population is mostly Pahari with Gujjars living mostly in the mountains surrounding the town.
Uri town is shaped like a Cup, with town at the base and encircled by high hills, hence the name Uri Bowl. The town itself is a tehsil headquarters with all the required infrastructure such as schools, hospital and a small market with approximately 120 shops.Uri is a Trekker's paradise. Hike through the green beauty of the Uri mountains during the summer or trek through the snowy wonderland in the winters. Uri has something to offer for everyone. 
green beauty of the Uri mountains during the summer or trek through the snowy wonderland in the winters. Uri has something to offer for everyone. 
Water Sports 
A new Aqua Node is being developed in the Jhelum Dam Reservoir. Currently you can enjoy Water sports in the midst of the towering mountains
Angling 
Want to sit back and do some fishing? Head to Uri. There are plenty of opportunities for anglers . The Jhelum River has a wide variety of fishes.
History.
Uri came into existence when Maharaja Gulab Singh bought Kashmir by paying seventy five lakh Nanakshahi coins, and started the construction of Muzaffarabad – Srinagar road also known as Jhelum valley road. The construction of the road commenced in 1860, and was completed in 1880. Uri is the Gateway to Kashmir Valley. It is located at an altitude of 4300 feet on the banks of Jhelum River.
Uri was a small flourishing hamlet prior to independence, and a holiday resort for Maharajas of Jammu & Kashmir and Poonch. Situated almost half way between Muzaffarabad and Srinagar, it was the most convenient halting point for tourists and other traffic to and from the Valley. Residents of Uri were mainly engaged in running wayside restaurants and cafes. Uri is shaped like a cup, with the town at the base and encircled by high hills. It has been a significant battlefield in all wars fought with Pakistan. Today, it forms the strategic gateway between Pakistan Administered Kashmir and the valley. The town itself is a tehsil headquarters of Baramulla District with all required infrastructure like High School, hospital and a small market with approximately 120 shops.Uri has witnessed the passage of flag bearers of major religious of the world. The Pandu feature, which is an off shoot of Chhota Kazi Nag Dhar is believed to have housed the Pandavas during their exile. The Pandu mandir at Lagama, Datha mandir at Bandi, Khadim Mandir at Buniyar lend credence to this legend. Uri follows the version of Islam as interpreted and propagated by Sufis and Pirs. Hence, we notice the proliferation of Ziarats constructed in honour of Pirs. Some of the famous Ziarats are those of Baba Farid at Farida, Baba Kazinag at Shahadara and Baba Gafoor Sahib at Pirnain. Uri’s reputation as a confluence of religion is further strengthened by the Chhenvi Patshahi Gurudwara of Guru Hargobind Sahib the sixth Guru of Sikhs. It is interesting to note, that the Gurudwara is co-located with the Ziarat of Panch Pir at Paran Pilan.Uri has etched a place for itself in post-independence military history. In 1947, the raiders were driven back from Badgam to Chakothi. At the end of this campaign, the tricolour fluttered atop Pirpanjal. In the 1965 War, Pakistan’s Operation Gibraltar was defeated with the capture of Hajipir Pass. In 1971, fierce battles raged around Uri.
Education.
Uri has one Degree college,one ITI and has nearly 20 Schools including 2 higher Secondary Schools, 3 High schools run by different organisations catering to the local population, including a dozen premery schools. There is also one school that is run by the Indian Army named the Army Goodwill School.
External links.
1. Uri Adventure Tourism - Guide to Adventure Tourism in Uri,Kashmir

</doc>
<doc id="2881929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881929" title="Christian Klees">
Christian Klees

Christian Klees (born June 24, 1968 in Eutin) is a German former sport shooter, the only shooter since the 1989 target change to have achieved the maximum score (600) in the 50 metre rifle prone event at the Olympic Games. He did this in at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia. His excellent final of 104.8 (out of maximal 109.0) also gave him the gold medal, as well as an aggregate result that is still the world record. Klees left the international shooting scene after the 2001 season.

</doc>
<doc id="2881930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881930" title="Peruvian Inquisition">
Peruvian Inquisition

The Peruvian Inquisition was established on January 9, 1570 and ended in 1820. The Holy Office and tribunal of the Peruvian Inquisition were located in Lima, Peru.
Unlike the Spanish Inquisition and the Medieval Inquisition, in the Peruvian Inquisition both the state and church were dependent of the Crown’s approval to carry out jurisdiction. 
Although the Indigenous people were originally subject to the jurisdiction of the inquisitors, they were eventually removed from the control and not seen as fully responsible for deviation from faith. They were still subject to trial and punishment by the Episcopal inquisition. In the eyes of the church the Indigenous were seen as "gente sin razón", individuals without reason.
As a result their trials were separate from other inquisition cases. In spite of that, it still did not stop other people that were of non-Indigenous descent from being accused of other crimes that were against the Church. These crimes could range from heresy, sorcery, witchcraft, and other superstitious practices.
People accused of these crimes were generally individuals who came from a lower status of Peruvian society. Among them were individuals of African descent, mestizos, women, and Jewish or Protestant Europeans seeking refuge from religious persecution. 
In 1813 it was first abolished by virtue of a Cortes decree. In 1815 it was reconstituted but their target was now the ideas from the French Encyclopedists and similar texts, and most people who were accused of crimes were only given probation. With the promotion of Freemason José de la Serna to the viceroyship, which coincided with the rise of the nationalist faction (as both factions prepared to fight each other in the Peruvian War of Independence), the Inquisition fell apart of its own volition.

</doc>
<doc id="2881932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881932" title="Alonsotegi">
Alonsotegi

The churchyard of Alonsotegui (in Basque and "officially" Alonsotegi) is a municipality in the province of Biscay, Basque Country, Spain. The current name of Alonsotegui was manifest in the 1990s when it separated it from the Baracaldo municipality to which was attached since the end of 19th century. Alonsotegui is approximately 8 kilomenters from the center of Bilbao. Nestled in the valley of the River Cadagua, the churchyard follows the direction of the Road BI-636 ranging from Zorroza to Balmaseda.
With a total length of 16.02 km², its population of 2,831 (INE 2008) is shared between the 3 towns (Alonsotegui (the capital), Iráuregui, and Arbuyo) of the municipality.
Geography.
Alonsotegui occupies 20 km². The settlement of the population, as well as the industries, are located in the corridor that the River Cadagua opens between the Sasiburu saw (up to 500 m) and the mountains Ganecogorta (998 m) and Pagasarri (673 m). Several streams have their source on their slopes and bring water to the Cadagua. The center is located at an altitude of 46 m. It borders Baracaldo and Bilbao on the north, Arrancudiaga and Güeñes on the south with, Arrigorriaga and Bilbao on the east, and Güeñes on the west .
History.
The history of Alonsotegi is divided into 4 periods:
Municipal elections, 2011.
Six parties submitted the lists of the municipality: EAJ-PNV, Bildu, PSE-EE, PP, EB and an independent party called Alonsotegiko Ezkerra. The results were as follows:
This led to winning the current mayor of the town Aitor Santiesteban Aldama.

</doc>
<doc id="2881950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881950" title="Arakaldo">
Arakaldo

Arakaldo is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2881955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881955" title="Arantzazu">
Arantzazu

Arantzazu (Spanish, "Aránzazu") is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2881961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881961" title="Artzentales">
Artzentales

Artzentales is a municipality in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2881966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881966" title="Areatza">
Areatza

Areatza (in Basque and officially; in Spanish, Villaro) is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2881971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881971" title="Arrankudiaga">
Arrankudiaga

Arrankudiaga is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2881974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881974" title="Demaratus of Corinth">
Demaratus of Corinth

Demaratus, frequently called Demaratus of Corinth, was the father of Lucius Tarquinius Priscus, the fifth King of Rome, and the grandfather or great-grandfather of Lucius Tarquinius Superbus, the seventh and last Roman king.
Life.
Demaratus was a nobleman of the Dorian House of the Bacchiadae at Corinth. Facing charges of sedition, in 655 BC he fled to Italy, according to tradition settling in the Etruscan city of Tarquinii, where he married an Etruscan noblewoman. They had two sons, Lucius and Arruns.
According to tradition, Demaratus introduced Greek culture to mainland Italy, and brought potters from Corinth; Greek potters worked at Tarquinii and its port, Gravisca. Tacitus reported that Demaratus brought literacy to the Etruscans. According to Pausanias, Demaratus' son or grandson was the first foreigner to visit Olympia, and make a dedication there.
Descendants.
Through his sons, Demaratus was the ancestor of the Roman gens Tarquinia. Arruns Tarquinius died shortly before his father, leaving his wife pregnant. As Demaratus knew nothing of his future grandson, he left him no inheritance. For this reason the child, likewise named Arruns, was born into poverty, and called "Egerius", meaning "the needy one." 
As the son of a foreigner, Lucius Tarquinius was unable to attain high station at Tarquinii, despite his wealth and the nobility of both his mother and his wife, Tanaquil. With Tanaquil's encouragement, he migrated to Rome, where he won the favour of the king, Ancus Marcius. When Marcius died, Tarquin succeeded him to the throne. After subduing the Latin town of Collatia, the king placed his nephew in charge of the Roman garrison there.
Lucius Tarquinius was the father or grandfather of Lucius Tarquinius Superbus, the seventh and last King of Rome. He was also the father-in-law of Servius Tullius, the sixth King of Rome, who reigned between the two Tarquins. An Etruscan tradition reported that Servius, aided by the heroes Aulus and Caelius Vibenna, defeated and killed a group of enemies, including a certain Gnaeus Tarquinius of Rome, perhaps the son of Tarquin the elder and father of Tarquin the Proud. In this case, the elder Tarquin was the grandfather of Lucius and Arruns Tarquinius, and the former's sons, Titus, Arruns, and Sextus.
Lucius Tarquinius Collatinus, one of the first Roman consuls in 509 BC, was the son of Egerius. At the urging of his colleague, Lucius Junius Brutus, he chose voluntary exile from Rome in order to assuage hostility of the people towards the former ruling house, in spite of his unblemished reputation, and the fact that the revolution itself was instigated by the rape of Collatinus' wife, Lucretia, at the hands of Sextus Tarquinius. Ironically, Brutus, who held the consulship until his death in battle later that year, was more closely related to the royal household than Collatinus; his mother was the king's sister. But it was the name of "Tarquinius" that was so reviled that it brought about Collatinus' resignation and exile.
According to various traditions, Demaratus' descendants would have included not only the gens Tarquinia, but also the Junii and the Mamilii; Octavius Mamilius, the dictator of Tusculum, was a son-in-law of Tarquin the proud, and some of his descendents came to Rome during the fifth century BC. Some of the Tullii also claimed descent from Demaratus through Tarquinia, the wife of Servius Tullius, although no tradition mentions their sons.
External links.
Bibliography
A Blakeway, "Demaratos" Journal of Hellenic Studies 1939, pp. 129ff.

</doc>
<doc id="2881977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881977" title="Arratzu">
Arratzu

Arratzu is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2881980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881980" title="Arrieta">
Arrieta

Arrieta (both in Basque and Spanish) is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the Basque Country, Spain. Arrieta is part of the "comarca" of Mungialdea and has a population of 552 inhabitants as of 2007.
Toponym.
This municipality has its origin in the elizate "Líbano de Arrieta", which became a municipality in the 19th Century. The toponym "Arrieta" comes from the Basque word "harrieta", which means "stony place". 

</doc>
<doc id="2881983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881983" title="Arrigorriaga">
Arrigorriaga

Arrigorriaga is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain. Arrigorriaga is located 7 km south of Bilbao and is part of Bilbao's metropolitan area. Its official population at the 2010 census was 12,358 inhabitants living on a land area of 16.36 km² (6.3 sq mi).
It is conterminous with Bilbao and Basauri in the north, with Ugao-Miraballes and Zeberio in the south, with Zaratamo in the east and with Arrankudiaga and Alonsotegi in the west.

</doc>
<doc id="2881986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881986" title="Hikayat Bayan Budiman">
Hikayat Bayan Budiman

Hikayat Bayan Budiman (Jawi script: حكايت بيان بوديمان ) is the Malay version of a tradition that begins with the Sanskrit Śukasaptati, The Parrot's Seventy Tales, an Indian work, in which a parrot tells 70 stories in order to prevent a woman from going on the wrong path. These chain stories, like the Arabian Nights, form the crux of the Indian storytelling tradition. An unknown author compiled it in the 6th century AD. 
It was later translated into Persian during ‘Ala-ud-din Khilji’s time (1296-1316) and titled "Tuti Nameh". In this process, Muslim characters replaced the Hindu ones. Versions of this fine collection of popular tales were transported from Persian adaptations that the Malay text was translated. According to the Malay text, this translation was done by a certain Kadi Hassan in 773 AH (1371 AD). 
The texts, which originally are written in classical Malay in Jawi script, has been transcribed to Rumi (Latin) alphabet which is the standard alphabet for the modern Malay (Malay and Indonesian).The text is the oldest text in the corpus dated 1371, which, according ro Malay Concordance Project (MCP) by Ian Proudfoot, contains 69761 words.
A. Jehgoh, University of Lund, Sweden in his work Arabic Elements in Hikayat Bayan Budiman has analysed the Arabic loanwords in Hikayat Bayan Budiman.

</doc>
<doc id="2881991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881991" title="Artea">
Artea

Artea is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2881993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881993" title="Atxondo">
Atxondo

Atxondo (in Basque and officially, in Spanish "Axpe Achondo") is a municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the Basque Country, Spain. Atxondo is part of the "comarca" of Durangaldea and has a population of 1.447 inhabitants as of 2007 according to the Spanish National Statistics Institute.
Atxondo was formed by the fusion of the former municipalities of the elizates of Apatamonasterio, Arrazola and Axpe in 1962.
Toponymy.
The name "Atxondo" comes from the fusion of the Basque words "(h)A(i)tz", which means "rock", and "ondo", which means "at the side of", then "at the side of the rock". "Axpe" is a Basque word for "under the rock".
History.
Until 1962, Achondo was the name for a valley where three different municipalities formed by three elizates where located; Apatamonasterio, Arrazola and Axpe, each of them with history of its own.
Apatamonastero.
The name "Apatamonasterio" means "clergy monastery" and was chosen to differentiate the monastery opened here to the one in the elizate of Etxebarria. It took part on the War of the Bands. As a member of the ancient "merindad" of Durango, it had voice and right to vote in the Juntas of Guerendiaga, where it occupied the seat number eight. Until 1857 it did not have a church of its own, depending on the one of Abadiño. Historically, its economy has depended on farming.
Arrazola.
It also took part on the War of the Bands and had voice and right to vote in the Juntas of Guerendiaga, where it occupied the seat number eight. In Arrazola was born Esteban de Urizar, governor of Peru during the reign of Philip II. In 1510 the church was built with the approval of the Catholic Monarchs.
Axpe.
As the two others, Axpe also took part on the War of the Bands. It had voice and right to vote in the Juntas of Guerendiaga, where it occupied the seat number nine. In 1550 the church was built.
Geography.
It is located in the southeasternmost part of the province of Biscay and limits at west with Abadiño, at east with Elorrio and at south with the province of Álava. The Ibaizabal river forms here, when it joins the Zumalegi river, which itself originates in the Anboto mountain.
Atxondo may be divided into two zones; the industrial area formed by Apatamonasterio and the farming and residential areas formed by Axpe, Arrazola and the neighborhoods of Marzana and Santiago. It is located 6 km away from Durango, capital city of the comarca and 36 km away from Bilbao, capital city of the province.
Transport.
Transport by road is the only mean of transportation in the area. The road BI-634 runs through the valley crossing the neighborhood of Apatamonasterio. That road is part of the Durango-Beasain axis, and connects Durango with Arrasate-Mondragón (in the province of Gipuzkoa). The BI-634 connects in Durango with the N-634 road and the AP-8 highway which connect Bilbao, the capital city of Biscay, with Donostia-San Sebastián, the capital city of Gipuzkoa.
In Arrasate-Mondragón the BI-634 road connects with the AP-1 highway, to Eibar (and from there to Donostia-San Sebastián and France) and to Vitoria-Gasteiz, the capital city of the province of Álava.
Three Bizkaibus lines stop in Atxondo; the A3923 line, which stops only at Apatamonasterio and connects it with the municipalities of Arrasate-Mondragón, Elorrio, Abadiño, Durango, Iurreta and Bilbao; the A3914 line which connects Elorrio with Durango stopping only at Apatamonasterio and the A3913 line that connects Durango with Arrazola with twelve stops in the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="2881998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881998" title="Josephine Broekhuizen">
Josephine Broekhuizen

Josephine Broekhuizen (born 1956 in The Hague) is a Dutch artist living in Scotland, known for work with distorted perspectives.
Start of her career.
After her studies at Academy for Visual Arts in Rotterdam (1977 – 1981, she married and moved to Aberdeen, Scotland, where she continued her studies at Gray's School of Art (1982 – 1984), where she graduated. One of her graduation pieces "Woman with Mirror" won her first prize in the Aberdeen Artists Exhibition [http://www.aberdeenartistssociety.co.uk/].
Shortly after she moved to London where she lived in Hammersmith. Most of her paintings from this early period have a gloomy aspect with half hidden faces, and often her dog/daughter features.
Difficult years.
In 1987 Josephine remarried a Scottish artist Tim Pomeroy (sculptor and painter and they lived alternatively in Scotland and Friesland in the north of the Netherlands. Her painting style became a bit softer. Due to finances, the cottage in Friesland had to be sold. A large number of her works made during this time still remain with a collector in Leeuwarden in Friesland. They settled in a farm cottage south of Hamilton, South Lanarkshire, Scotland, and Josephine took on a job as housemaid in Lee Castle near Lanark. On discovering her talents, Lady Patricia of Lee set her to decorate several of the rooms with murals.
The Sea.
After moving to the Isle of Arran, a new period started. With fantastic views of the Firth of Clyde and the Holy Isle, the sea started to feature strongly in her work. Birds and shells are also frequently seen. A number of her paintings started off as smaller paper collages, which were then reproduced in paint on a larger canvas. Josephine also got heavily involved with several school art projects.

</doc>
<doc id="2882001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882001" title="Hanjian">
Hanjian

"Not to be confused with "Han jian" 汗簡, the paleographic dictionary by Guo Zhongshu (d. 977)."
In Chinese culture, a hanjian (han-chien) is a derogatory and pejorative term for a race traitor to the Han Chinese nation or state, and to a lesser extent, Han ethnicity. The word "hanjian" is distinct from the general word for traitor, which could be used for any race or country. As a Chinese term, it is a digraph of the Chinese character for "Han" and "traitor".
History.
During the Qing dynasty, the Han Chinese formed the majority of the population but the rulers were the Manchus. The Qing government initially used "hanjian" to refer to Han Chinese who rebelled against them. During the late Qing period, "hanjian" became a common term used by anti-Manchu nationalists to refer to Han Chinese who collaborated with the Qing government. "Hanjian" was often used retroactively for historical Han traitors, such as Qin Hui and Wu Sangui.
During the Second Sino-Japanese War, the National Revolutionary Army was defeated in various battles by the Imperial Japanese Army. Chiang Kai-shek explained that hanjian espionage helped the Japanese and ordered CC Clique commander Chen Lifu to arrest the hanjians. 4,000 were arrested in Shanghai and 2,000 in Nanjing. Because martial law was enforced, formal trials were not necessary, and the condemned were executed swiftly, while thousands of men, women and children watched with evident approval.
Wang Jingwei, who led the pro-Japan collaborationist government in Nanjing during the war, as well as his supporters, are regarded as hanjians in China, as are Taiwanese soldiers who fought in the Japanese military against Chinese forces and the Allies. The word also came to be used in the legal systems of modern China and Taiwan: the Republic of China (ROC) enacted "Regulations Regarding Punishment of Hanjian" (1938) and "Regulations Dealing with Hanjian" (1945). The People's Republic of China (PRC) ratified a "Direction for the Confiscation of Properties of War Criminals, Hanjian, Bureaucratic Capitalists and Anti-Revolutionaries".
After the Sook Ching Massacre took place in Singapore and Malaya in February–March 1942, Tan Kah Kee—a prominent Chinese industrialist and philanthropist in Southeast Asia—proposed to the provisional ROC government to treat all Chinese who attempted to negotiate with the Japanese as hanjians. His proposal was adopted by the Second Legislative Yuan, and was praised by Chinese resistance fighters.
During the Cold War, the Chinese government classified citizens who collaborated with a hostile foreign power as hanjians.
Modern use of the term.
Because of the dominance of Han Chinese culture in China, the terms 'Han' and 'Chinese' are virtually equivalent to each other. Therefore, in modern use, "hanjian" may refer to any Chinese person who betrays the Chinese, regardless of the person's nationality, political affiliation, ethnicity (Han Chinese or others), or cultural background.
"Hanjian" is a more specific term than the generic "traitor" because a "hanjian" collaborates with an external power which is neither Han nor Chinese, whereas a traitor collaborates with any enemy. During the Chinese Civil War (1927–1950), the Nationalists and Communists accused each other of being hanjians collaborating with the Americans and Soviets respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="2882003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882003" title="Aulesti">
Aulesti

Aulesti is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2882004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882004" title="Bakio">
Bakio

Baquio (in Basque and officially Bakio) is a municipality in the province of Biscay (Basque Country, Spain).
Location and characteristics.
It consists of a small valley which is drained inland by the River Estepona. This valley is surrounded by mountains to the east, south and west; meanwhilst, it is open to the north to the Cantabrian Sea. The municipality adjoins the sea to the north, the town of Bermeo to the east, the town of Mungia to the south, and the towns of Maruri-Jatabe and Lemoiz to the west. The town is well connected to the regional capital, Bilbao, with regular Bizkaibus services.
The town was formerly known as Básigo de Baquio, this being the name of its main neighbourhood.
In 1927, two neighbourhoods that until then had belonged to Bermeo, San Pelayo (San Pelaio) and Zubiaur, were added to the municipality. Despite its coastal location and its origin as a fishing village, Bakio does not have a seafaring tradition anymore and, in contrast, it has turned into a more traditional agricultural town. Nonetheless, the town has recently undergone significant urban renewal with the construction of new blocks of flats.
It has a special microclimate, with abundant rainfall and a warm climate with barely no snow or frost, which favours the cultivation of grapevines and the production of a wine called Txacoli.
Municipal elections of 2011.
Four parties put themselves forward as candidates to access the Town Council in this municipality: Bildu, EAJ-PNV, PSE-EE, and PP. These were the results:
These results led to the victory of the PNV. The independentist coalition Bildu obtained 5 town councillors, while both the PSE-EE and the PP failed to obtain any representation at all due to the very few votes they gathered.
Architecture.
Because of the distinctive architectural style of its buildings, typically northern, Bakio is a town of a unique beauty.
Religious.
As to religious architecture is concerned, it must be remarked the Parish Church of Andra Mari of Gothic style (16th century), which is located in the neighborhood of Básigo. It must be mentioned as well the chapels of St. Martin, Saint Úrsula, St. Esteban, St. Cristóbal and Saint Catalina, all located in rural areas and built in a popular style.
Civil.
Regarding civil architecture, Bakio has a set of interesting architectural elements, constructed from the 17th century onwards, which can be known through some paths signposted by the Town Council. From the Baroque Period it has to be enhanced the stately mansions of Elexpuru and Ormatza, rural palaces belonging to important local families reflecting the transition between the rural and the residential styles of those times.
At the beginning of the 20th century, new architectural forms were introduced in the locality.
The rise of the coast as a holiday town for the privileged classes of Bilbao favoured the building of mansions on the road connecting the church and the sea. The key feature of these residential houses is the wide variety of styles, whose aim was to highlight the economic and social position of their owners by means of using different aesthetic options.
The oldest were replicas of French models, such as Feliena and Quintatorre (1896). Others, built a bit later, took as reference baroque constructions like the Itxas-Ondo Palace, dated in 1930.
Subsequently, other models were applied: neo-Cantabrian buildings such as Rosario Enea, neo-Basque buildings such as Loraldia or Isabela, etc. Nowadays, innovative single-family houses have been built in Baquio with the architectural style of the 1960s, such as Aretaetxekosolo or Aristondo.
Economy.
Traditionally the main sources of revenue for Bakio have been farming and stockbreeding activities, being those enterprises related to the sea a secondary matter. The core of the old economic model was the "caserío" (or baserri), a hamlet dedicated to the housing of families and their livestock. A wide range of farmhouses can be visited, dating from different eras and styles: with a trabeated porch (Gorrondona and Artetxe), with an arcuated porch (Bidetxe), and with a cubic structure (Gabantxo).
Agriculture remains today being an important sector in Bakio, where high quality and traditional products are grown, epitomized in the famous "txakoli".
Many buildings from Bakio retain structures and facilities that reflect the traditional grape growing on trellises.
Mills and foundries.
They represent the oldest evidence of the usage/exploitation of hydropower in rural areas.
In Bakio's basin there proliferated from the 18th century many establishments around its river, mounting up to eight mills and three forges. Forges transformed iron ore arriving by barges to the shore of Bakio from the neighbouring county of Encartaciones. Its property was in the hands of the great local families that leased mills and foundries for generations.
The mills of Bakio remained active until some decades ago. Some of them still retain their facilities and characteristics, and even some of them have been turned into running restaurants that can be visited.
Events.
During the summer many events are often organized in the municipality, helping to make more enjoyable vacationers' stay and provide the little town with an interesting cultural life. Amongst these events we have to remark the following: the Bakio Music Week, the International Folklore Festival, the outdoor cinema, the Jai alai Championship, the handicraft market, a photography contest, the farmers' market, the different patron saint's days (e.g., "Andra Mari" Day, August 15), the Surfing Championship, etc.
See also.
FESTIVITIES: The patron saint's days of Bakio are San Agustín and San Juan Doloz (August 28, 29, 30th and 31st) in the summer, and San José (March 19) in the winter. There are also some other festivities such as San Ignacio de Loyola (July, 31st), Andra Mari (August 15), and San Miguel (September 29). And, finally, Bakio also celebrates the feast days of the hermitages of neighbourhoods such as Santa Kattalin, Santa Úrsula, San Martín (November 11), San Cristóbal (July 10), San Esteban (December 26), and San Pelaio (June 26).

</doc>
<doc id="2882008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882008" title="Patrick Tufts">
Patrick Tufts

Patrick Tufts is a computer scientist and inventor. He created Alexa Internet's collaborative filter for creating related web site recommendations and later, one of Amazon.com's most successful product recommendation systems.

</doc>
<doc id="2882015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882015" title="Barrika">
Barrika

Barrika is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2882017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882017" title="Shaam">
Shaam

Shamshuddin Ibrahim, known professionally as Shaam (born April 4, 1977), is a Tamil & Telugu film actor and model. Starting his career as a professional model, he soon made his acting debut in the film "Khushi" (2000), appearing in a cameo role. He further appeared in lead roles in critically and commercially successful films such as "12B", "Anbe Anbe", "Iyarkai", "Ullam Ketkumae" and the Telugu film "Kick". In 2006, he made his debut in Kannada film through "Tananam Tananam" with Ramya and Rakshita directed by Kavitha Lankesh.
Early life.
Shaam was born on 4 April 1977 in Madurai, Tamil Nadu, into a Tamil-speaking Muslim family. He grew up in Bangalore, where he pursued his studies. After completing his B. Com, he did modelling through which he hoped to become an actor.
Career.
Shaam began his career as a model in Bangalore, modelling for various ads. Keen on pursuing an acting career, he was vainly searching for acting offers for four years. He then, following the recommendation of his model coordinator Biju Jayadevan, got to meet cinematographer Jeeva's, who was planning to make his directorial debut and was on the lookout for a new face for the film's lead role. Shaam was given the role for the film "12B". Shaam recollects that during his first meeting with Jeeva, he handed over his portfolio and introduced himself in English, when Jeeva heard him out, and then said, “Repeat what you just said, in Tamil" and Shaam did, and was subsequently signed on the next day after a meeting with producer Vikram Singh. The promos of the film were critically praised with Shaam signing on to appear on several projects before 12B even released. His second feature film, however, the S. J. Suryah-directed "Khushi", in which he appeared in a cameo role, released first, since "12B" got stuck in production and released in 2001 only. The film, based on the theme of butterfly effect, fetched rave reviews and was seen as a "dream entry" for Shaam., his performance was praised as "apt" His subsequent releases including Vasanth's "Hey! Nee Romba Azhaga Irukke" (2002), "Bala" (2002), "Anbe Anbe" (2003) and Priyadarshan's "Lesa Lesa" (2003), garnered only average or poor box office returns. His final release of 2003 was "Iyarkai" by debutant "S. P. Jananathan", which also failed at the box office due to a delayed release, but opened to high critical acclaim, even winning the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Tamil.
Shaam's first 2005 release, "Ullam Ketkumae", again directed by Jeeva, finally was a commercial success again. In 2006, he acted in a Kannada film directed by Kavitha Lankesh, with Ramya and Rakshita, "Tananam Tananam", an average grosser that released to mixed reviews. It fetched his co-star, Ramya, her first Filmfare Award for Best Actress. She had described her role in the film as "little complex" and "challenging." Following several more unsuccessful films, he got a major break in the 2009 Telugu action film "Kick". He reprised the role in the Tamil remake, titled "Thillalangadi". Shaam tried his luck in Hindi with director Faisal Saif in the Hindi-Tamil bilingual titled "Mujhe Maaf Karo". But due to ego clash between the actor and director the film has been put on hold
He was also a part of Mani Ratnam's stage show, "Netru, Indru, Naalai".
Personal life.
Shaam has three brothers and two sisters. He is married to a Punjabi, Kashish, who is his former collegemate. The two have a daughter named Samaira.

</doc>
<doc id="2882024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882024" title="Bedia, Spain">
Bedia, Spain

Bedia is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2882027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882027" title="Berango">
Berango

Berango is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, Basque Country

</doc>
<doc id="2882029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882029" title="Bermeo">
Bermeo

Bermeo is a town and municipality in the sub-region of Busturialdea. It is in the wider province of Biscay, part of the autonomous region of the Basque Country, in northern Spain.
Bermeo has 17,159 inhabitants and is the most important fishing port of the Basque Country. The town was founded in 1236 and has the highest population of Busturialdea's towns. Bermeo held the title of "Provincial Capital" between 1476 and 1602.
The town has a long maritime tradition and its economy is based on the fishing industry.
Bermeo tourist attractions include the tiny island of San Juan de Gaztelugatxe, the Ercilla tower (a fishing museum), the Saint Juan gate and the port itself.
Bermeo is linked by the EuskoTren (train service) and Bizkaibus (bus service) to Bilbao.
Neighbourhoods.
Bermeo's neighbourhoods are:
Climate.
Bermeo enjoys a coastal ocean climate with heavy rain in spring and late autumn. The average annual minimum temperature is around 48 °F (9 °C) and the maximum around 68 °F (20 °C). The record maximum temperatures was 113 °F (45 °C) and the record minimum was 16 °F (-9 °C).
History.
The ancient history of Bermeo is recounted in "Ezkerra" by Don lñigo López and his wife Mrs Toda, of the estate in San Juan of Gaztelugatxe, Bermeo to the monastery of San Juan of the Crag the year 1051. Years later, in 1082, it goes back to quote the name of Bermeo in the donation from Don Lope lñiguez, second gentleman, and his wife Doña Tecla, to the Monastery of Saint Millán of the Cogolla, of the Church of "Sancti Michaelis Arcangeli in Portu of Vermelio". These documents speak of the antiquity of Bermeo, although it rotted to trace back to periods very previous. Some legends situate the foundation of the ancient port of the Amanos in Túbal, downward of Noe, 150 years after the deluge, or for the Romans to the 1st century B.C. under the government of the emperor Flavio Vespasiano.
Don Lope Díaz II of Haro, gentleman of Biscay, gave him jurisdiction of Logroño and title of town and although the document had date, definitely was issued in 1236. The King Don Alfonso X The Wise confirmed this privilege 12 August 1277, finding in the ring of the castle of Unzueta of the Valley of Orozco.
Later, on 18 March 1285, the eighth gentleman, Don Lope Díaz of Haro, expanded and improved his terms, and the same did the Gentleman Don Tello, for privilege issued on 25 April 1366.
Several gentlemen of Biscay and at the same time kings Spaniard confirmed the jurisdictions and privileges of the town in the Church of Saint Eufemia. Between them, Fernando the Catholic, who confirmed the town as a "Capital of Biscay" on 31 July 1476, title which Bermeo did time employed and that it was him snatched in 1602 after hard and long suit interposed by the national heroes that governed Bilbao and other institutions of the Domain, that do not go to resign to the fact that, Bermeo followed having such distinction.
Nevertheless, the primacy that came keeping Bermeo in regard to the other Towns and small locations translates in the fact that in the General Boards had the first vote and seat, and when spoke his attorneys were used to discover his heads the others that found in the Board. At present, the head of elderly than figure how one of the arms of his shield heraldry, demonstrate and perpetuates in all fairness the snatched title.
The importance that had Bermeo can deduce because of the numerous privileges and exemptions that achieved of the Gentlemen and of the Kings. Unfortunally the diverse fires that suffered the Town destroyed all these documents, although his enumeration and his dates of obtened are well known. This shows the prestige that the Town kept and the favour which all the time had.
The fights of the biscain fighters disturbed the life of Bermeo during the 15th century and with the fires its suffered in previous centuries (specifically in the years 1297, 1347,1360, 1422) ruined Bermeo and its population diminished continuously.
On the other hand, the foundation of the Town of Bilbao in 1300 contributed notably to the decadence of Bermeo.
At a later date, new fires, one of them in 1504, affecting to all the town, dealted a harsh blow to Bermeo, putting at risk its survival.
Population.
As a result of increased immigration due to industrialisation in the 1960s the population grew rapidly.
In the 1990s the population began to decline again; it has increased again since the year 2000.
Economy.
The economy of Bermeo is based mostly in fishing activity. The port has been the main source of revenue of the town. Bermeo possesses an important fleet of deep-seas and the fleet of inshore fishing more important of Euskadi. The confrerie of fishermen "San Pedro" is one of the most important of Biscay, having big activity and entry of fish.
There are several companies devoted to the preserves of fish, such as Zallo, Serrats, and Salica. But the industry is not based only in the preserves of fish: There are several companies like Wärtsilä Ibérica where diesel engines and generators are built.
In the port there is a commercial port zone which receive diverse raw material. In the same dock consignment of fuselages and big warehouses is undertaken.
There are companies tied to the timber industry. On the other hand, the centre of innovation "DenokInn" is allocated to the study of new labour alternatives and creation of employment.
Another relevant company is the platform of gas "La Gaviota", which treats the gas from the maritime platform in the same way.
Transportation.
Bermeo is joined to Mungia (18 km) across the road BI-631 and to Gernika-Lumo (14 km) across the road BI-2235. It has the road BI-3101 that joins the town with Bakio (12 km). The capital, Bilbao (33 km), is connected with the town through the roads BI-631 and BI-2235.
Bizkaibus (bus service).
Bizkaibus offers bus lines that connect the town with destinations:
Euskotren (train service).
Euskotren offers trains that join the town directly with Bilbao and, with transfer, the east towns of Biscay and Gipuzkoa.
Taxi.
There is a taxi station in the park called Lamera. The station has a telephone.
Bermibusa (urban bus).
Urban bus that joins points of the town during weekday mornings and afternoons.
Attractions.
San Juan de Gaztelugatxe.
On the road to Bakio is the lighthouse of Matxitxako, on the cape which has the same name. Further on, is the isle called Akatz, next to San Juan de Gaztelugatxe. San Juan de Gaztelugatxe is a peninsula linked by a bridge. In the 14th century there was a castle on the top of the isle. Nowadays, there is the hermitage of Saint Juan.
On the 24 June, people use to celebrate a procession to the hermitage from Bermeo. A lot of people use to come to participate. On 29 August, there is a mass to celebrate the day of Saint Juan. On 31 December, there used to be another mass to say goodbye to the year.
San Juan de Gaztelugatxe is the most attractive tourist place in the Basque Country; thousands of visitors visit it every year.
The isle and its environment are considered protected area.
The Akatz Isle.
This isle is next to San Juan de Gaztelugatxe. Its small with a few vegetation and an important population of birds.
Matxitxako Cape.
In this cape, there is the lighthouse called Matxitxako. There is an old lighthouse, too, which is out of order; the new one is operating. This place offers good views of the coast and cetaceans can be seen.
The Izaro isle.
This isle is in front of the Urdaibai's Reserve. On the top of the isle there was an hermitage until the 13th century. Then, the Magdalena's hermitage was built. Nowadays, its a protected reserve included in the Urdaibai's Reserve where many birds nest. 
The Old Town.
In the old town there are a lot of houses painted with different colours and narrow streets with some squares, too.
Aritzatxu Beach.
Aritzatxu its a small beach which is an attractive place to sunbathe and swim in its clear water during the summer. It has services like rescue team, beach police, toilets, and a bar.
Ercilla Tower (Fisherman's Museum).
Ercilla was one of the 30 towers that defended Bermeo in the Middle Ages and the only tower that remains. It is situated strategically on the old port and was built to ends of the XV century. It is a house-tower, the home of the Ercilla's family. Some of them were famous, for example Fortún García of Ercilla and Alonso Ercilla and Zúñiga, author of "The Araucana". During centuries the tower was used for different activities. Forgetting its committed military, it served like house of fishermen and warehouses of fish. In 1948 the facade was reformed, finding Gothic arches and appointing it the Fisherman's Museum. In 1984 and 1985 more reforms were done.
The Casine (club).
The Casine built by Severino Atxukarro in 1894. It fell in 1983 to consequence of some floods. It was built again and its considered inside the eclepticisme. It is in the Lamera Park. The zones of the building are used for diverse activities. One hand finds the room of exhibitions and conferences "Nestor Basterretxea" and there is a restaurant that receives the central space of the building. In the other side there is an Irish pub and a café.
Town Hall.
It is in the square Sabino Arana Goiri and it was built in 1732. In his facade are two solar clocks. It is considered an Artistic Historical Monument.
Kikunbera house.
The Kikunbera house can be classed as the "Basque Rationalism". It is a building whose structure looks like a ship; it's been an Artistic Historical Monument since 1995.
Batzoki.
Its a modernist building which was built by Pedro Ispizua.

</doc>
<doc id="2882032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882032" title="Hass">
Hass

Hass may refer to:
People:
Things:
Places:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="2882033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882033" title="Berriatua">
Berriatua

Berriatua is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of the Basque Country, in the north of Spain. Neighbors are Ondarroa and the Bay of Biscay to the North, Markina-Xemein to the South, Mutriku to the East, Amoroto and Mendeja to the West. Historically Berriatua was a town of farmers with little industry. Recently the town has seen significant industrial growth as well as a great deal of construction.

</doc>
<doc id="2882035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882035" title="Berriz">
Berriz

Berriz (in Basque and officially, in Spanish: "Bérriz") is an elizate, town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the Basque Country, northern Spain. Berriz is part of the "comarca" of Durangaldea and has a population of 4.759 inhabitants as of 2007 and according to the Spanish National Statistics Institute.
Toponymy.
"Berriz" belongs to a series of Basque toponyms with an "-iz" ending. Julio Caro Baroja defended that most of these toponyms came from an original Basque toponym plus the Latin suffix "-icus". Caro Baroja considered that on toponymy, the suffixes "-oz", "-ez" and "-iz" used to be combined with the name of the owner of the lands, with its origin being in some place between the Middle Ages and the Roman Empire.
In the case of "Berriz", Caro Baroja suggested that the name might come from "Verrius", the documented Latin name. Then, to the name "Verrius" it was added the suffix "-icus" (indicating that the lands were owned by Verrius) and became "Verricus" From then, the name evolved to "Verrici" and from there to "Verriz". The name of the town in Spanish used to be "Vérriz".
Another theory about is origin negates the Latin origin and proposes a Basque origin. "Berriz" might come from "Be(h)e" ("under") and "Oiz" in reference to the Oiz mountain, and then "under Oiz" as of "in the or at the bottom of Oiz". 
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2882046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882046" title="Hass avocado">
Hass avocado

The Hass avocado , sometimes marketed as the Haas avocado , is a cultivar of avocado with dark green-colored, bumpy skin. It was first grown and sold by Southern California mail carrier and amateur horticulturist Rudolph Hass, who also gave it his name.
The Hass avocado is a large-sized fruit weighing 200-300 grams. When ripe the skin becomes a dark purplish-black and yields to gentle pressure. When ready to serve, it becomes white-green in the middle part of the inner fruit.
Owing to its taste, size, shelf-life, high growing yield and in some areas, year-round harvesting, the Hass cultivar is the most commercially popular avocado worldwide. In the United States it accounts for more than 80% of the avocado crop, 95% of the California crop and is the most widely grown avocado in New Zealand.
History.
All commercial, fruit-bearing Hass avocado trees have been grown from grafted seedlings propagated from a single tree which was grown from a seed bought by Rudolph Hass in 1926 from A. R. Rideout of Whittier, California. At the time, Rideout was getting seeds from any source he could find, even restaurant food scraps. The subspecies of this seed is not known and may already have been cross-pollinated when Hass bought it.
In 1926, at his 1.5-acre grove at 430 West Road, La Habra Heights, California, Hass planted three seeds he had bought from Rideout, which yielded one strong seedling. After trying and failing at least twice to graft the seedling with branches from Fuerte avocado trees (the leading commercial cultivar at the time), Hass thought of cutting it down but a professional grafter named Caulkins told him the young tree was sound and strong, so he let it be. When the tree began bearing odd, bumpy fruit, his children liked the taste. As the tree's yields grew bigger, Hass easily sold what his family didn't eat to co-workers at the post office. The Hass avocado had one of its first commercial successes at the Model Grocery Store on Colorado Street in Pasadena, California, where chefs working for some of the town's wealthy residents bought the new cultivar's big, nutty-tasting fruit for $1 each, a very high price at the time (more than US$15.00 of inflation adjusted value by 2007).
Hass patented the tree in 1935 (the first US patent on a tree) and made a contract with Whittier nurseryman Harold Brokaw to grow and sell grafted seedlings propagated from its cuttings with Brokaw getting 75% of the proceeds. Brokaw then specialized in the Hass and often sold out of grafted seedlings since, unlike the Fuerte, Hass yields are year-round and also more plentiful, with bigger fruit, a longer shelf life and richer flavor owing to higher oil content. However, Hass made a profit of less than US$5,000 through the patent because cuttings from single trees sold by Brokaw were then propagated to graft whole orchards.
Rudolph Hass carried on as a postman throughout his life and died of a heart attack at Fallbrook Hospital in Fallbrook, California in 1952, the same year his patent expired and not long after he had established a new orchard.
By the early 21st century the US avocado industry took in over $1 billion a year from the heavy-bearing, high quality Hass cultivar, which accounted for around 80% of all avocados grown worldwide.
Fate of mother tree.
Owing to later suburban sprawl in Southern California, the mother tree stood for many years in front of a residence in La Habra Heights. The tree died when it was 76 years old and was cut down on 11 September 2002 after a ten-year fight with phytophthora (root rot), which often kills avocado trees. Two plaques by the private residence at 426 West Road mark the spot where it grew. The wood was stored in a tree nursery and from this stock, a nephew of Rudolph Hass, Dick Stewart, made keepsakes, jewelry and other gifts. Each year in mid-May the city of La Habra Heights celebrates the Hass avocado at its Annual La Habra Heights Avocado Festival.
Bearing pattern.
Hass avocado trees, like some other cultivars, may bear well only every other year. After a year with low yield, often because of cold, for which the tree does not have much tolerance, yields may be very high the next year. However, the heavy crop can deplete stored carbohydrates, lowering the following season's yield and this can set the tree into a lifelong alternate bearing pattern. Southern California Hass Avocado groves have good soil and drainage, plentiful sunlight and cool gentle winds from the oceans which help the fruit grow. These conditions hold throughout the year, so there are always fresh harvests of Hass avocados in Southern California.

</doc>
<doc id="2882058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882058" title="Julie, or the New Heloise">
Julie, or the New Heloise

Julie, or the New Heloise () is an epistolary novel by Jean-Jacques Rousseau, published in 1761 by Marc-Michel Rey in Amsterdam. The original edition was entitled "Lettres de deux amans habitans d'une petite ville au pied des Alpes" ("Letters from two lovers living in a small town at the foot of the Alps").
The novel's subtitle points to the history of Héloïse d’Argenteuil and Peter Abelard, a medieval story of passion and Christian renunciation. The novel was put on the Index Librorum Prohibitorum.
Although Rousseau wrote it as a novel, a philosophical theory about authenticity permeates through it, as he explores autonomy and authenticity as moral values. A common interpretation is that Rousseau valued the ethics of authenticity over rational moral principles, as he illustrates the principle that one should do what is imposed upon him by society only insofar as it would seem congruent with one's "secret principles" and feelings, being constituent of one's core identity. Thus unauthentic behavior would pave the way to self-destruction.
Reception history.
Historian Robert Darnton has argued that "Julie" "was perhaps the biggest best-seller of the century". Publishers could not print copies fast enough so they rented the book out by the day and even by the hour. According to Darnton, there were at least 70 editions in print before 1800, "probably more than for any other novel in the previous history of publishing."
But what was truly astonishing regarding "Julie"s popularity was not just its sales statistics, but the emotions it brought out in its readers. Readers were so overcome that they wrote to Rousseau in droves, creating the first celebrity author. One reader claimed that the novel nearly drove him mad from excess of feeling while another claimed that the violent sobbing he underwent cured his cold. Reader after reader describes their "tears", "sighs", "torments" and "ecstasies" to Rousseau. One wrote in a letter to Rousseau after finishing the novel:
I dare not tell you the effect it made on me. No, I was past weeping. A sharp pain convulsed me. My heart was crushed. Julie dying was no longer an unknown person. I believed I was her sister, her friend, her Claire. My seizure became so strong that if I had not put the book away I would have been as ill as all those who attended that virtuous woman in her last moments.
Like this reader, people became deeply invested in the lives of the characters in the novel, to an extent that was entirely new in fiction. In fact, some readers simply could not accept that the book was fiction. One woman wrote to Rousseau asking:
Many people who have read your book and discussed it with me assert that it is only a clever fabrication on your part. I can't believe that. If so, how could a mistaken reading have produced sensations like the ones I felt when I read the book? I implore you, Monsieur, tell me: did Julie really live? Is Saint-Preux still alive? What country on this earth does he inhabit? Claire, sweet Claire, did she follow her dear friend to the grave? M. de Wolmar, milord Edouard, all those persons, are they only imaginary as some want to convince me? If that be the case, what kind of a world do we inhabit, in which virtue is but an idea?
Other readers identified less with the individual characters and more with their general struggles. They saw in "Julie" a story of temptation, sin and redemption that resembled their own lives.

</doc>
<doc id="2882061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882061" title="Jewish Federations of North America">
Jewish Federations of North America

The Jewish Federations of North America (JFNA), formerly the United Jewish Communities (UJC), is an American Jewish umbrella organization representing 157 Jewish Federations and 300 independent Jewish communities across North America. JFNA was formed from the merger of the United Jewish Appeal (UJA), Council of Jewish Federations, and the United Israel Appeal.
JFNA provides fundraising, organization assistance, training, and overall leadership to the Jewish Federations and communities throughout the United States and Canada. The Federation movement protects and enhances the well-being of Jews worldwide through the values of tikkun olam, tzedakah and Torah. 
JFNA has also lunched a number of projects, including the Israel Action Network together with Jewish Council for Public Affairs, to "mobilize communities to counter the Assault on Israel’s Legitimacy". 
Jewish Federation centers.
These are some of the 157 Jewish Federation Chapters in North America.
Jewish Federation of Greater Phoenix.
The Jewish Community Association of Greater Phoenix formerly the Jewish Federation of Greater Phoenix is the main philanthropic, planning and community outreach organization for the Jewish community of greater Phoenix, AZ. The Federation is dedicated to ensuring and enriching Jewish identity and enhancing the quality of Jewish life locally, in Israel and around the world.
The focus of the Jewish Federation of Greater Phoenix is to identify and resolve important community issues, as well as promote the general welfare of the Jewish community. Through its partnerships with local and overseas agencies, the Federation introduces youth to Jewish values, provides the elderly and vulnerable populations with critical support services, enriches the lives of special needs populations, responds to the personal hardships of those facing financial crisis, assists with humanitarian relief in the wake of worldwide disasters, and supports Israel's social and economic vitality.
The Jewish Federation of Greater Phoenix is a member of the Jewish Federation of North America, formerly United Jewish Communities, which is an American Jewish umbrella organization representing 157 Jewish Federations and 400 independent Jewish communities across North America.
Historical highlights.
When the Jewish Federation of Greater Phoenix was established in the fall of 1940 as the Phoenix Jewish Community Council, the Jewish population in Greater Phoenix was estimated at less than 5,000. In 1948, it distributed the predecessor of The "Jewish News of Greater Phoenix", a weekly Jewish newspaper, under the name "The Phoenix Jewish News".
By 2002, the Greater Phoenix Jewish Community Study, conducted by Ukelese Associates, Inc. confirmed that the Valley of the Sun had grown at a rate of 138% since 1987 and that the population claiming Jewish status in the Valley had finally exceeded 100,000. As of 2009, the Jewish population in Greater Phoenix is estimated to be above 125,000. 
Jewish Federation of Greater Indianapolis.
The Jewish Federation of Greater Indianapolis is the central philanthropic, planning and community relations organization of the Jewish community. The Federation and its agencies function to promote the general welfare of the Jewish community and to ensure the creative survival and continuity of the Jewish people.
The Federation creates social, community service and outreach programs for young Indianapolis Jews ages 25 to 45 through its Young Leadership Division. According to the United States Census, more than 12,000 people identify themselves as Jewish in Indianapolis. In 2005, the Federation's annual campaign raised $5 million toward programs and services in Indianapolis, in Israel and worldwide. About 65 percent of the funds are allocated to local and regional programs and services. About 31 percent of the funds are allocated to Israel and overseas programming, while the remaining 4 percent is for administrative costs and scholarships.
The Federation is in the same building as the Jewish Community Center and the Bureau of Jewish Education. The Federation works closely with the Hasten Hebrew Academy of Indianapolis and the five local synagogues.
Jewish Federation of Greater Kansas City.
The Jewish Federation of Greater Kansas City is a non-profit federated agency that raises money for more than 30 Jewish agencies in the Greater Kansas City region on a yearly basis as well as several overseas agencies in the former Soviet Union and Israel. The 2006 campaign has raised nearly five million dollars. 
The Jewish Federation of Kansas City has headquarters in Overland Park, Kansas.

</doc>
<doc id="2882068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882068" title="Busturia">
Busturia

Busturia is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2882076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882076" title="Liaocheng">
Liaocheng

Liaocheng (), also known as the Water City, is a prefecture-level city in western Shandong province, People's Republic of China. It borders the provincial capital of Jinan to the southeast, Dezhou to the northeast, Tai'an to the south, and the provinces of Hebei and Henan to the west. The Grand Canal flows through the city center.
During the Song dynasty, the area of present-day Liaocheng included the prefectures of Bozhou () and Jizhou ().
Administration.
The prefecture-level city of Liaocheng administers eight county-level divisions, including one district, one county-level city, and six counties.
These are further divided into 134 township-level divisions.
History.
Liberation.
In August 1949 Liaocheng was detached from Shandong and attached to Pingyuan. In November 1952 Pingyuan was dissolved and Liaocheng returned to Shandong.
Sister cities.
Liaocheng is a sister city of the following cities.

</doc>
<doc id="2882090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882090" title="An Sgùrr (Eigg)">
An Sgùrr (Eigg)

An Sgùrr is the highest hill on the Inner Hebridean island of Eigg, Lochaber, Highland, Scotland. It was formed 58.72 ± 0.07 million years ago; the result of one of the last eruptions of a volcano, the core of which now forms the Isle of Rùm. Thick viscous pitchstone lava of rhyodacitic composition flowed out, filling a river valley. The lava cooled and formed column-like structures, similar to those at Giant's Causeway.
The surrounding basalt was softer than the pitchstone, and hence the valley became inverted, with the pitchstone withstanding the erosion far better than the surrounding rock. An Sgùrr is thus an inselberg. The mountain appears most strikingly in the view of the eastern end, known as the Nose of Sgùrr.
The peak is most frequently climbed from the ferry terminal at Galmisdale on the southeast corner of Eigg. A rough track heads west, passing between the northern side of An Sgùrr and the shoreline. About three-quarters of the way along the side of the ridge there is a gully; a fairly easy scramble allows access to the summit ridge. The route now almost doubles back on itself, heading east to reach the summit, which is crowned by a trig point. The climb, from ferry terminal to the Nose of An Sgùrr and back, will take around 4 hours at least.
An Sgùrr is also known as the Sgurr of Eigg.

</doc>
<doc id="2882098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882098" title="Lee Hall, Virginia">
Lee Hall, Virginia

Lee Hall is a former unincorporated town (or village) long located in the former Warwick County. Since 1958, Lee Hall has been a suburban community in the extreme western portion of the independent city of Newport News in the Commonwealth of Virginia.
History.
Lee Hall was named for nearby Lee Hall Mansion which was built in 1859 as the home of Richard Decatur Lee, a prominent local farmer who was not directly related to the famous Confederate General Robert E. Lee. The mansion was used as headquarters for Confederate generals Joseph E. Johnston and John B. Magruder during the Peninsula Campaign of the American Civil War in 1862. Nearby is Endview Plantation, a 238-year-old house. Endview was used as a hospital during the Civil War and as a campground during the Revolutionary War, the War of 1812 and the Civil War.
Lee Hall Depot was a railroad station on the Peninsula Extension of the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway (C&O), which was built through the area of Warwick County in 1881 to reach the new coal export facilities at Newport News on the port of Hampton Roads. On October 19, 1881, the first passenger train from Newport News took local residents and national officials to the Cornwallis Surrender Centennial Celebration at Yorktown on temporary tracks which were laid from Lee Hall Depot. The Boxwood Inn was built in 1897.
Lee Hall Depot became a very busy railroad station after the establishment nearby of Fort Eustis (originally named Camp Abraham Eustis) in 1918, with freight and heavy troop movements. the busy activity resumed during World War II. It was expanded to accommodate this role. East of Lee Hall, a rail spur leads to the base, where the Fort Eustis Military Railroad operated.
With the coming of the automobile as a common form of travel in the early 20th century, attention was directed to improving roads. As part of the Good Roads Movement, the new road which became U.S. Route 60 was routed from Williamsburg through Grove, bridging Skiffe's Creek as it entered Warwick County to reach Lee Hall. This routing was chosen rather than following a competing route via Halstead's Point in York County (now on the base of the US Naval Weapons Station Yorktown just northeast of the gate on VA-143).
Earlier, the east-west road which became U.S. 60 was State Route 9. SR 9 was renumbered as State Route 39 in 1923, and became U.S. 60 in the mid-1920s when it was routed through Grove. A large ceremony hosted by Warwick County treasurer and civic leader Simon Curtis was held at the Lee Hall Depot in 1924 to celebrate the completion of first hard-surfaced roadway (concrete) between Newport News and Williamsburg.
Two-laned U.S. 60 continues to form the main thoroughfare through the largely residential and neighborhood business section of Grove and Lee Hall, paralleling four-laned State Route 143 and Interstate 64. The village portion of Lee Hall is connected to I-64 via State Route 238 (Yorktown Road).
Although Warwick County became a city in 1952 and then was consolidated with Newport News in 1958, in the half century since, the Lee Hall area has retained a rural atmosphere, partially due to the proximity of the expansive Newport News Park and Newport News Reservoir along the former Warwick River and nearby Skiffe's Creek.
The 26th Balloon Company of the US Army Air Corps had a training school at Lee Hall at least during the summer of 1920 training soldiers for deployment to central and South America service.
Lee Hall Depot preservation.
In the 21st century, Lee Hall Depot (no longer is use) is the only surviving C&O structure of its type on the Lower Peninsula. It is the only survivor among five stations which were located in Warwick County, the others formerly located at Oriana, Oyster Point, Morrison, and Newport News.There are plans to relocate the historic 2-story depot slightly to the north of the busy CSX Transportation railroad tracks, as well as redevelop the adjacent historic area as Lee Hall Village. Across the street from the Depot, the Boxwood Inn, a bed and breakfast establishment in an 1896 house, is open and available for overnight visitors and some meals. The city's tourism agency operates several other attractions at Lee Hall Mansion and Endview Plantation, as well as nearby civil war historical sites.
As of late 2009, the Lee Hall Depot has been moved across the street, and when it is restored it will once again have reserved areas for train boarding by passengers, accommodating potential future rail growth. This seems likely, given that since 2008, Amtrak ridership has increased significantly, and there are currently plans to add two additional train depot stations for Amtrak within Newport News, one in downtown and one near the Newport News Williamsburg International Airport.
Transportation.
The Lee Hall community is served by exit 247 of Interstate 64. About 1 block from the historic railroad station, U.S. Route 60 and State Route 238 intersect.
Lee Hall is served by both Hampton Roads Transit (HRT) and Williamsburg Area Transport (WAT).
For direct service to the Williamsburg Amtrak and Greyhound/Carolina Trailways station, ride the WAT Grey Line to the Williamsburg Transportation Center.
For service to the same in Newport News, ride HRT Route 116 to the Newport News Greyhound station or ride the 116 and transfer to the 106 or 107 to get to the Newport News Amtrak station.

</doc>
<doc id="2882099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882099" title="Jewish Federation">
Jewish Federation

A Jewish Federation is a confederation of various Jewish social agencies, volunteer programs, educational bodies, and related organizations, found within most cities in North America that host a viable Jewish community. Their broad purpose is to provide "human services", generally, but not exclusively, to the local Jewish community. 
The Jewish Federations of North America represents 157 Jewish Federations and over 300 Network communities, which raise and distribute more than $3 billion annually.
History.
The first Jewish federation was founded in Boston in 1895. Federations were soon formed in Cincinnati, then in many other cities.
Structure.
Each federation is autonomous from federations of other cities and they tend to focus on local concerns. The federations typically have elected boards or trustees that are accountable to the community, paid staff, and volunteer leadership.
Fundraising and spending.
Federations raise money for central "community chests" that support the organizations of the entire local Jewish community. Between 30 and 50 percent of Jewish households in the United States typically contribute to their local federation.
They engage in centralized planning for the needs of the local community, and may provide centralized administrative services for their constituent agencies. Federation spending and efforts have adapted as the need for particular social services has changed—for example, from Jewish orphanage work in the early 1900s to retirement homes in the late 1900s.
More than half of all funds raised by federations are earmarked for various local Jewish social service agencies, with the largest single allocation to Jewish education, typically constituting 25 percent. After education, Jewish community centers, family and child services, homes for the aged, and campus Hillels are the next largest drawers of financial support.
As an example, in 2008, 18 campers who attended Pinemere Camp did so with a grant from the Overnight Camp Incentive Program, a program designed to attract new campers to Jewish identity-building camps. It is a joint project of the Philadelphia-based Neubauer Family Foundation, the Foundation for Jewish Camp, and the Jewish Federation of Greater Philadelphia. The program provided grants for campers in amounts ranging from $750 to $1,250. The majority of the Pinemere campers who received grants chose to return the following summer.
Role in community.
Jewish federations can wield a sizable degree of influence in the Jewish communities in which they are located. Many of the local federations hold annual fundraising drives that are expected to raise most of the next year's budgeting for many community programs. In return, in many communities the agencies which receive funding from the federation agree not to engage in major fundraising for themselves for a number of months often called the "primacy period" when the local federation's fundraising has primacy. Decisions made by the local federations can have a great impact on the community, including the opening or closing of programs, staff hirings and firings, and land purchases and sales.
A significant feature of the annual federation campaign is "Super Sunday", a day designated for community-wide phone banking, seeking contributions from members of the community.
National umbrella organization.
The original umbrella organization for the federations was the National Council of Jewish Federations and Welfare Funds. "National" was dropped from the name in 1935 and "Welfare Funds" was removed in 1979. 
In 1999, the CJF merged with the United Jewish Appeal to become the United Jewish Communities. In October 2009, the UJC was renamed the Jewish Federations of North America.
After the 2009 launch of the new logo for The Jewish Federations of North America, increasing numbers of local Federations are switching to some variant of that logo. An example is the Jewish Federation of Greater Washington.
Four hundred smaller Jewish communities in North America are members of the Network of Independent Communities, which are administered via the JFNA.

</doc>
<doc id="2882105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882105" title="Us and Them (Shinedown album)">
Us and Them (Shinedown album)

Us and Them is the second studio album by American hard rock band Shinedown, released on October 4, 2005. Recorded in Jacksonville, Florida and Sanford, Florida, the album had three singles, two of which, "Save Me" and "I Dare You," were used as themes for WWE pay-per-view events "No Mercy 2005" and "WrestleMania 22" respectively. "Us and Them" has been certified Gold by the RIAA in the United States.
Us and Them is the last album to feature guitarist Jasin Todd and bassist Brad Stewart.
Track listing.
1 iTunes/Amazon deluxe edition.
The track "Beyond the Sun" has since caused some minor controversy after the band claimed it as their own and registered a copyright for the song three months after the album's release. However, the registration was fraudulent because the copyright to Beyond the Sun already belonged to the three members of the band 3AE, who wrote and recorded the song in September 2002 (and had split in the same year due to the death of singer Christopher Rice shortly after the recording of their first album.) Stated another way, when Shinedown claimed Beyond the Sun as theirs in October 2005, they knew that Beyond the Sun was a 3AE song, that it was written by band members of 3AE, and they knew with certainty that no one in Shinedown was a writer or contributor on the song, despite or possibly because the two bands sharing the same producer. 
Brent Smith revealed all in an interview on Radio Station 101.1 in Orlando, Florida, which can be heard here, and since then the whole argument has apparently been settled out of court. However, as the album had already been printed, the song is still credited as being written by the members of Shinedown.
Additional songs.
This song was featured on a separate CD that was sold bundled with the album at Best Buy for a limited time following the album's release.
This song was an exclusive download that could only be accessed with a code found exclusively in versions of the CD sold at Wal-Mart.

</doc>
<doc id="2882132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882132" title="Makedonski Železnici">
Makedonski Železnici

Makedonski Železnici (MŽ) (Македонски Железници, Macedonian Railways) is the public enterprise for railways in the Republic of Macedonia. Railway operations are run by Makedonski Železnici and the infrastructure maintained by Makedonski Železnici - Infrastruktura.
The Republic of Macedonia is a member of the International Union of Railways (UIC). The UIC Country Code for the Republic of Macedonia is 65.
Macedonian Railways operates gauge (standard gauge) rail tracks in Macedonia and maintains of lines, of which are electrified with the 25 kV 50 Hz AC system.
Trains.
Macedonian Railways has a big number of trains, which consist of passenger trains (Diesel and electric trains) and freight trains.
Overview.
The first standard gauge line in the area, from Skopje to Thessaloniki was built in 1873.
Macedonia has a well-developed railroad system. It is connected to Kosovo via Volkovo in the northwest, to Serbia via Tabanovci in the north and to Greece via Gevgelija in the southeast and via Kremenica in the southwest. Macedonia's main rail line between the Serbian and Greek borders, from Tabanovci to Gevgelija, is entirely electrified.
The main train station in Macedonia is Skopje.
All domestic lines are operated by Macedonian Railways, with links from Skopje to Tetovo, Gostivar and Kicevo in the west, to Volkovo in the northwest, to Kumanovo and Tabanovci in the north, to Sveti Nikole, Štip, and Kocani in the east, to Veles, Negotino and Gevgelija in the south - southeast and to Bogomila, Prilep and Bitola in the southwest.
According to a local journalists' report dated 2011, passenger service within the country is quite slow, and trains and stations are often poorly maintained. Nonetheless, the inexpensive rail service is well patronized, and on occasions trains are standing-room only.
International connections and services.
The main north - south line from Niš in Serbia to the port of Thessaloniki in Greece on the Aegean Sea (Corridor X), passes through Kumanovo, Skopje, Zelenikovo, Veles, Negotino, Demir Kapija, Miravci and Gevgelija.
Intercity trains link Kumanovo, Skopje, Zelenikovo, Veles, Negotino (Kavadarci), Demir Kapija, Miravci (Valandovo) and Gevgelija (Bogdanci) with Serbian Railways and Greek railways.
Connections to Bulgarian State Railways are via Niš in Serbia and via Thessaloniki in Greece.
Intercity trains link Skopje with Kosovo Railways.
In 2010, Makedonski Železnici joined Cargo 10, a joint venture with other railways in the region.
Plans.
Corridor VIII.
In the planning stage is a project to construct new rail links connecting to the existing east - west line (Beljakovci, Kumanovo, Skopje, Tetovo, Gostivar and Kičevo):
Corridor X.
The Ministry of Transport and Communication has began studies for the renewal and reconstruction of several section of the corridor X:

</doc>
<doc id="2882135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882135" title="Super Sunday (phone-a-thon)">
Super Sunday (phone-a-thon)

The Super Sunday phone-a-thon is an annual fundraising event held by many of the 155 Jewish federations located in North America. The phone-a-thons are typically expected to raise most of the budget for the federation and its constituent agencies and organizations.
The name "Super Sunday" is borrowed from the American football usage for the day on which the Super Bowl is played. Impliedly, the Super Sunday phone-a-thon is also the major annual event for the federation, as Super Sundays play a large role in the life of the local Jewish community. The results of a Super Sunday can have a major impact on the contribution intake of any particular federation, and thus can have a domino effect on the various entities that receive federation funding, such as social service organization, classes, scholarships, and family care.
Some of the largest and most visible Super Sundays occur in the major urban areas with large Jewish concentrations, such as Los Angeles and New York, but also through small federations, such as Seattle and Minneapolis. Super Sunday was created by Jerry Dick of the Jewish Federation of Greater Washington in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="2882157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882157" title="Tsay Keh Airport">
Tsay Keh Airport

Tsay Keh Airport , is located on the banks of the Finlay River in British Columbia, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2882168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882168" title="I'm Moving On (Scott Cain song)">
I'm Moving On (Scott Cain song)

"I'm Moving On" is the debut single by Scott Cain, winner of the 2002 Australian "Popstars" series. The lyrics deal with the singer's decision to end a relationship in which he feels he is being emotionally abused. Backing vocals on the track are sung by Rai Thistlethwayte of Thirsty Merc. 
The song was written by Gregg Alexander and is a classic example of his style; the piano chord sequence is central to a steady drumbeat, with a slightly distorted electric guitar lick running in the background, much like his New Radicals hit "You Get What You Give". 
Cain once commented, "I heard on the demo and I thought, 'this is a great song and he's got a great voice'...but I wasn't sure about some of the lyrics at first. They seemed a little corny. But now I think it's a fantastic pop song that's fun and got a great feel to it. It's a song that people are going to like to listen to and at this point in my career, that's the best thing that I could ever have hoped for." 
"I'm Moving On" debuted at number one in Australia and sold over 80,000 copies. It was Cain's only major hit as the follow-up, "Crazy People Rock", failed to chart above #39. The B-sides were covers of "When I Need You" by Carole Bayer Sager and "Superstition" by Stevie Wonder. In the music video, Cain rides a skateboard with a gathering of friends in an old warehouse.

</doc>
<doc id="2882170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882170" title="August Kubizek">
August Kubizek

August ("Gustl") Kubizek (3 August 1888, Linz – 23 October 1956, Eferding) was a close friend of Adolf Hitler when both were in their late teens. He later wrote about their friendship in his book "The Young Hitler I knew" (1955).
Early life.
August was born into a middle-class Austrian family with Czech roots, he was the first born and only surviving child of Michael and Maria Kubizek. His sisters Maria, Therese and Karoline died in early childhood. Kubizek later wrote that this was a striking parallel between his own life and that of Adolf Hitler, whose mother had lost four children prematurely. As the surviving sons of grief-stricken mothers, August and Adolf could not help but feel they had been spared or "chosen" by fate.
Kubizek and Hitler first met while competing for standing room in the Landestheater in Linz, Austria. Because of their shared passion for the operas of Richard Wagner they quickly became close friends and later roommates in Vienna while both sought admission into college. The two shared a small room in Stumpergasse 29/2 door 17 in the sixth district of Vienna from 22 February to early July 1908.
As the only son of a self-employed upholsterer, August was expected to someday take over his father's business, but he secretly harboured dreams of becoming a conductor. With Adolf's encouragement, he devoted more and more of his time to this passion, completing all the musical training available to him in Linz. However, to achieve his goal, he would require higher education in music which was offered only in Vienna.
It was Adolf Hitler who, at the age of eighteen, successfully persuaded Kubizek's father to let his son go to the metropolis to attend the conservatory. This, Kubizek wrote, changed the course of his life for good.
He was immediately accepted into the Vienna Conservatory where he quickly made a name for himself. Hitler, however, was twice denied entrance into Vienna's art academy, a fact which he kept hidden from his friend for some time. In 1908 Hitler abruptly broke off the friendship and drifted into homelessness. Kubizek completed his studies in 1912 and was hired as conductor of the orchestra in Marburg on the Drau, Austria (called Maribor in Slovenia after 1918). He was later offered a position at the Stadttheater in Klagenfurt, but this job and his musical career were cut short by the beginning of World War I. Before leaving for the front he married Anna Funke (7 October 1887 – 4 October 1976), a violinist from Vienna with whom he had three sons: Augustin, Karl Maria and Rudolf.
From August 1914 until November 1918 Kubizek served as a reservist in Regiment 2 of the Austro-Hungarian Infantry. In the Carpathian winter campaign of 1915, he was wounded at Eperjes in Hungary (now Prešov in Slovakia) and later evacuated to Budapest in an ambulance train. After months of convalescence, he returned to the front and was attached to a mechanised corps in Vienna. After the war Kubizek accepted a position as an official in the municipal council of Eferding, Upper Austria and music became his hobby.
Later contact with Hitler.
After seeing Hitler on the front page of the Münchner Illustrierte (circa 1920) Kubizek followed his friend's career with some interest, although he did not attempt to contact him until 1933 when he wrote to congratulate him on having become Chancellor of Germany. On 4 August of that year, Kubizek received an unexpected reply from Hitler, who wrote to his old friend "Gustl" saying, "I should be very glad... to revive once more with you those memories of the best years of my life." Thirty years after Hitler had broken off contact with Kubizek, the two friends were reunited on 9 April 1938 during one of Hitler's visits in Linz. The two spoke for over an hour at the Hotel Weinzinger and Hitler offered Kubizek the conductorship of an orchestra, which Kubizek politely refused. Upon learning of his friend's three sons, Hitler insisted on financing their educations at the Anton Bruckner Conservatory in Linz. Hitler later invited Kubizek to attend the Bayreuth festival as his guest in 1939 and again in 1940, experiences described by Kubizek as "the happiest hours of my earthly existence."
In 1938, Kubizek was hired by the Nazi Party to write two short propaganda booklets called "Reminiscences" about his youth with Hitler. In one episode, Kubizek said that Hitler had a great love for a girl named "Stefanie" and wrote her many love poems but never sent them. Hitler biographer John Toland noted that when Stefanie learned she had been an early object of Hitler's affection, she was stunned.
Kubizek saw Hitler for the last time on 23 July 1940, although as late as 1944 Hitler sent Kubizek's mother a food basket for her 80th birthday. His friend told him: "This war will set us back many years in our building programme. It is a tragedy. I did not become Chancellor of the Greater German Reich to fight wars." The Führer was speaking after the successful campaigns in Poland and France.
When the tide began to turn against Hitler's favour, Kubizek, who had avoided politics all his life, became a member of the Nazi Party in 1942 as a gesture of loyalty to his friend.
Later life, imprisonment and memoirs.
In December 1945, Kubizek gathered the collection of postcards and other keepsakes given to him by Hitler during their youth and concealed them carefully in the basement of his house in Eferding. He was arrested shortly afterwards and held at Glasenbach, where he was imprisoned and interrogated by the U.S. Army Criminal Investigation Command for 16 months. His home was searched, but the Hitler correspondence and drawings were not found. He was released on 8 April 1947.
In 1951, Kubizek, who had rejected other post-war offers for his memoirs, agreed to publish ""Adolf Hitler, mein Jugendfreund"" ("Adolf Hitler, My Childhood Friend") through the Leopold Stocker Verlag. The original manuscript was 293 pages long and included several pictures, many of which showed postcards and sketches given to the author by the young Hitler between the years 1906 and 1908. The book is divided into three parts and consists of a prologue, 24 chapters and an epilogue.
It caused a stir when it was released in 1953 and was later translated into several languages. In the epilogue Kubizek wrote, "Even though I, a fundamentally unpolitical individual, had always kept aloof from the political events of the period which ended forever in 1945, nevertheless no power on earth could compel me to deny my friendship with Adolf Hitler."
Kubizek's second wife and widow Pauline (1906–2001) was credited with having provided the Stocker Verlag with additional photographs for the book's fourth edition in 1975.
On 8 January 1956, Kubizek was named the first honorary member of the Musikverein in Eferding. He died on 23 October 1956, aged 68, in Linz and is buried in Eferding, Upper Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="2882171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882171" title="Bengtsson">
Bengtsson

Bengtsson is Swedish family name originating in a patronymic, meaning "son of Bengt", Bengt meaning "Blessed". The name is sometimes written Bengtson (a form frequently adopted by migrants to the United States). Other forms occur, such as "Bengtzon", Bankson, Bankston, Benson or "Benktsson".
Bengtsson is the 15th most common surname in Sweden.
People.
People commonly known by their family name Bengtsson or variants include:
Similar spellings:
Bengtsson as a middle name:

</doc>
<doc id="2882173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882173" title="Parks and open spaces in Harrow">
Parks and open spaces in Harrow

The London Borough of Harrow is one of the northern outer London boroughs: as such much of the Metropolitan Green Belt land is within the Borough boundaries. Parks and open spaces range from the large area around Harrow-on-the-Hill to the smaller gardens and recreation grounds; there are also a number of spaces taken up with golf courses . It has been suggested that Harrow is continuously losing its green space and trees.[http://www.harrowtimes.co.uk/news/localnews/display.var.1224944.0.borough_turning_grey_as_trees_fall.php]
The main areas of open space are:

</doc>
<doc id="2882177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882177" title="Moscow House of Photography">
Moscow House of Photography

Moscow House of Photography is a Russian museum, which maintains a large collection of old and contemporary Russian photographic masterpieces and also organizes festivals and large scale projects.
Details.
The museum collection compiles masterpieces of the Russian photo art, including works by Alexander Grinberg, Max Penson, Alexander Rodchenko and Dmitri Baltermants. The Moscow House of Photography also actively supports modern Russian photographers and artists.

</doc>
<doc id="2882179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882179" title="Riesling Trail">
Riesling Trail

The Riesling Trail is a 35 kilometre walking and cycling track located in the Clare Valley, South Australia. It runs between Auburn and Clare, passing through several towns and villages along the way, including Leasingham, Watervale, Penwortham and Sevenhill. A recent extension now extends 8km north of Clare to the area known as Barinia. Interpretative signage exists at many spots along the trail, there are picnic tables and seats at several places, and at Watervale a small shelter and rainwater tank provides for the needs for trail users. 
Originally part of the railway branch line which ran between Riverton in the south to Spalding in the north, it was abandoned after the 1983 Ash Wednesday bushfires which burnt through the valley and damaged a lot of the trackwork. It was decided that the old railway lines would be removed and in 1993, this part of the route was converted into its present use as a walking and cycle trail.
Today the Riesling Trail is recognised as one of the premier scenic walking/cycling trails in Australia, passing through beautiful vineyard and farming country. There are various side loops as well as access to delightful coffee shops and quaint pubs. Bike hire is available at several locations including Auburn, Clare and the Clare Caravan Park, with quality bikes and tandems available to suit all sizes and ages. It is possible to hire bikes and ride one-way with pick-up at the other end. The trail has a gentle up-grade from Auburn to just north of Penwortham, from where it gradually descends into Clare. The Riesling Trail is the perfect way to experience the best of the Clare Valley. Many B&B's are available to accommodate trail users in close proximity to the trail.
The "Rattler Rail Trail" extends a further 19km south of Auburn to Riverton, creating further opportunity for cycling and walking in the Region.

</doc>
<doc id="2882188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882188" title="Ningi">
Ningi

Ningi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2882199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882199" title="Heat-assisted magnetic recording">
Heat-assisted magnetic recording

Heat-assisted magnetic recording (HAMR) is a technology that magnetically records data on high-stability media using laser thermal assistance to first heat the material. HAMR takes advantage of high-stability magnetic compounds such as iron platinum alloy. These materials can store single bits in a much smaller area without being limited by the same superparamagnetic effect that limits the current technology used in hard disk storage. This is achieved by heating the materials before applying the changes in magnetic orientation. No hard disks using HAMR are currently on the market, but HAMR is expected to eventually become the technology used for hard disk drives with higher capacities than is possible today.
Physics.
The limitation of Perpendicular recording is often characterised by the competing requirements of Readability, Writeability and Stability commonly known as the Magnetic Recording Trilemma. HAMR is one technique proposed to break the trilemma and produce a workable solution. The problem is that to store data reliably for very small bit sizes the magnetic medium must be made of a material with a very high coercivity. At some capacity point, the bit size is so small and the coercivity correspondingly so high that the magnetic field used for writing data cannot be made strong enough to permanently affect the data and data can no longer be written to the disk. HAMR solves this problem by temporarily and locally changing the coercivity of the magnetic storage medium by raising the temperature above the Curie temperature. Above this temperature, the medium effectively loses coercivity and a realistically achievable magnetic write field can write data to the medium.
Outlook.
HAMR could increase the limit of magnetic recording by more than a factor of 100. This could result in storage capacities as great as 50 terabits per square inch.

</doc>
<doc id="2882206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882206" title="Cushing Lake Water Aerodrome">
Cushing Lake Water Aerodrome

Cushing Lake Water Aerodrome, , was located south southwest of Upsala, Ontario, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2882210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882210" title="HSH">
HSH

HSH may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2882217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882217" title="New England Yearly Meeting">
New England Yearly Meeting

New England Yearly Meeting (officially the New England Yearly Meeting of Friends) is a body of the Religious Society of Friends (Quakers) headquartered in Worcester, Massachusetts that includes Friends from the New England region of the United States.
New England Yearly Meeting (NEYM) is part of both Friends General Conference and Friends United Meeting –- two broader bodies of Friends. They are also part of Friends World Committee for Consultation and the Friends Peace Teams Project.
Sixty-eight monthly meetings are associated with NEYM. Most of the constituent monthly meetings are in the unprogrammed tradition, which means that they meet for silent worship in which any participant may share whatever they believe the Spirit of God leads them to say. Others are in the programmed tradition, which means that they have a pastor who leads the meeting and plans ahead of time what will be said and done.
Yearly meeting sessions are held once a year, usually in the first week of August. Most recently they have been held at Bryant University in Smithfield, Rhode Island. Past locations include Stonehill College in North Easton, Massachusetts; Wheaton College in Norton, Massachusetts; Bowdoin College in Brunswick, Maine; and Hampshire College in Amherst, Massachusetts.
NEYM publishes a quarterly newsletter entitled "The New England Friend." The archives for NEYM are housed in the Rhode Island Historical Society Library in Providence, Rhode Island.
NEYM also runs a summer camp in South China, Maine called Friends Camp.

</doc>
<doc id="2882218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882218" title="Badgerline">
Badgerline

Badgerline was a bus operator in and around Bristol from 1985 until 2003. Its headquarters was in Weston-super-Mare, Somerset. Initially a part of the Bristol Omnibus Company, was privatised in 1986 by being sold to Badgerline Holdings, a team of its managers who went on to own a number of bus companies across England and Wales. This was renamed the Badgerline Group in 1993 and was amalgamated with the GRT Group to become the FirstBus Group in 1995.
History.
The Bristol Tramways Company started operating buses in 1906 to feed traffic into their tram services from beyond the boundaries of the city of Bristol. In 1910 a branch was opened in Weston-super-Mare where the company's first bus station was opened on the sea front in the 1930s. Others were built after World War II at Wells, Bath and Bristol. The company changed its name to the Bristol Omnibus Company in 1957 as it no longer operated trams, but by then it was owned by the British Transport Commission and so became a subsidiary of the National Bus Company (NBC) in 1969. In the 1980s the NBC split its subsidiaries into smaller operating units. Bristol Omnibus established a separate operating unit for its services outside Bristol in September 1983 and then introduced three distinct brands in April 1985, with operations in Somerset and the Avon outside the city of Bristol becoming known as Badgerline. This name was then established as a company in its own right which was sold to a group of its managers and staff on 23 September 1986. This was only the second bus-operating NBC subsidiary to be sold.
On 31 May 1985 46 Ford Transit minibuses replaced 18 full-size buses at Weston-super-Mare, the first English town network to be totally converted to minibus operation. Most routes operated at a 10-minute headway during the daytime, with routes combining to give 5-minute headways through the town centre. Headways reduced to 20 minutes in the evening and on Sundays. Full-size vehicles were retained in the town for longer distance services. The town's bus station was closed in 1987 when maintenance facilities were transferred to a new depot in Warne Road.
In 1995 Badgerline Buses became a subsidiary of the new FirstBus Group (since renamed FirstGroup). The following year saw Badgerline merged back into Bristol Omnibus which was also a part of FirstBus although Badgerline was retained as a trading name. In July 1997 the Streamline operation in Bath was purchased by First Group and merged with the Badgerline, although the Streamline name was retained for a while. It had started as a taxi company but expanded into minibus services. At the time of takeover it had 20 buses, three of which were full size single deck buses.
Bristol Omnibus was renamed First Bristol Buses in 1999 but Badgerline was managed independently again from 2000. First Somerset & Avon was created on 30 May 2003 to combine the operations of both Badgerline and Southern National and services are now just promoted as First.
Area of operation.
Badgerline's headquarters were in Weston-super-Mare. Bus services extended as far as Chippenham, Calne, Gloucester, Salisbury, Taunton and Yeovil but it also operated National Express Coaches to destinations such as London. Vehicles were maintained at four depots: Bath, Bristol, Wells and Weston-super-Mare. The allocations on 1 January 1986 and 30 November 1989 were:
Fleet.
The first years of operation saw the delivery of three different models of minibuses, Ford Transits, Sherpas and Ivecos. The first 36 new full-size buses were 12 double deck, 14 single deck and 10 Volvo coaches. These entered service, mainly at Weston-super-Mare, in May 1987. The following year saw the introduction of 24 Optare StarRider midibuses. These were followed by 10 Leyland Olympians for Bath.
Badgerline was operating 342 buses on 1 January 1986 but this had increased to 441 by 30 November 1989.
Liveries and brands.
The livery established in 1985 was yellow with a broad diagonal green panel on each side (about a third of the vehicle) sweeping up and forward. The name was in green serif letters, repeating along a white band above the lower deck windows (at roof level on single deck buses) interspersed with a badger logo. Some vehicles carried a white livery with one band each of yellow and green, horizontal along most of the side but up swept at the rear. These were branded for specific services: minibuses were being branded 'Mini Link' and buses with coach seats 'Swift Link', although this brand was soon dropped as it was difficult to always roster branded vehicles to Swift Link routes. Coaches that were not in Roman City, National Express or National Holidays livery were painted white, yellow and green in broad diagonal panels but these sloped backwards, opposite to ordinary buses. Open top vehicles in Bath carried Roman City livery for a while but were then changed to primrose yellow with olive and Brunswick green bands with both Badgerline and Guide Friday logos.
A revised livery was introduced for minibuses in 1991. This was plain green and with a larger badger logo and the company name in yellow serif lettering. Shortly afterwards the larger buses started to appear with the new logo and lettering style on a large green area in the centre of the body, either side of which was a yellow area that was angled up and backwards (opposite to the previous scheme).
FirstBus livery began to appear on Badgerline vehicles in March 1998. In line with company policy this was initially only carried by new vehicles that were built to a high specification. The first of these were Volvo B10BLE low-floor single deck buses with Wright Renown bodies for a new express service between Bristol and Bath.
Badgerline Holdings.
In December 1986 six of the company's managers and 90 other staff formed Badgerline Holdings as a limited company to purchase Badgerline from NBC. 95% of its capital was held by employees. It went on to buy two travel agencies, Roman City of Bath, and NBC subsidiary National Travelworld. On 7 August 1987 Western National, which operated in Plymouth and Cornwall, was sold by NBC to Plympton Coachlines but 39% (later even more) was owned by Badgerline Holdings.
In April 1988 Badgerline Holdings purchased Midland Red West Holdings, another ex-NBC employee buy-out which had already bought Bristol Omnibus which had continued to operate city services in Bristol. Because of this the company was referred to the Monopolies and Mergers Commission who reported in March 1989 on concerns regarding the ownership by a single company of the two principal bus operators in Avon. Ensuing discussions led to the company giving two undertakings:
The company created three subsidiaries in 1987 in an attempt to expand into new operating areas, none of which lasted more than a year. It sold its share in Red Admiral to Southampton Citybus but their operations in Poole and Salisbury lost them £962,000.
The company expanded into South Wales and Essex and then floated on the stock exchange as the Badgerline Group in 1993, followed by acquisition of Potteries Motor Traction and Yorkshire Rider in 1994.
The Badgerline Group was also in passenger train operations through a stake in the Great Western Holdings company that won the Great Western Trains franchise, the second British Rail route to be franchised. Badgerline Group had also unsuccessfully promoted guided buses and articulated buses as solutions to Bristol's transport problems in the 1990s.
The Badgerline Group merged with GRT Group to form FirstBus Group in May 1995. Trevor Smallwood, chairman of Badgerline, was the chairman of FirstBus for the next four years. Badgerline Group contributed 4,000 buses to the new company's fleet of 5,600. The operating subsidiaries transferred to FirstBus were:

</doc>
<doc id="2882219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882219" title="Windpark Holtriem">
Windpark Holtriem

Constructed in 1998, Windpark Holtriem is one of the largest European windfarms, comprising thirty-three Enercon E-66 wind turbines. Holtriem is a low lying area adjacent to the North Sea in East Frisia (Lower Saxony, Germany).
One wind turbine, situated at is equipped with an observation deck open to visitors, at a height of 63 metres. It can be reached by 297 stairs.

</doc>
<doc id="2882223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882223" title="Ákos Hargitai">
Ákos Hargitai

Ákos Hargitai (born 1964 in Budapest), since 1990, danced in the field of contemporary dance with various local Hungarian dance groups such as Gyula Berger Dance Company, Artus, choreographer Katalin Lõrinc and in collaboration with Réka Szabó and Eszter Gál.
In Vienna he worked with Cie Willi Dorner, TanzHotel, Tanz Atelier Wien, Mark Tompkins among others. 
He worked with Dance Energy / Micha Purucker (D), with David Zambrano (NL) in the Ballroom Project in NYC. He has been a member of the Berlin-based Sasha Waltz & Guests from 1994 to 1998 internationally touring with Travelogue I and II.
His appearance in musicals include: "Singin' in the Rain", "Cats", "West Side Story" or a film by Menahem Golan: Mack the Knife. 
Ákos Hargitay has been teaching dance at Anton Bruckner Private University Linz, SEAD Salzburg, TQW, Cie.Willi Dorner, Orkesztika Alapitvany Budapest, Dance Conservatory Győr, Ballet Pécs, Workshop Foundation Budapest, L1 DanceLab Budapest. Together with Michaela Pein he has established the first weekly contact jam in Budapest in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="2882227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882227" title="Charlton, Hampshire">
Charlton, Hampshire

Charlton is a small village and civil parish north-west of Andover. Due to the expansion of Andover in recent years the two settlements are now effectively contiguous. As of 2005, the village has a population of 2053 people [http://www.hants.gov.uk/factsandfigures/testvalleypop2004-2011.html].
Charlton Lakeside.
There are also a number of other sporting venues to suit everyone of all ages provided by Charlton Leisure centre. These include:
Sporting events.
Test Valley Cycle Tour [http://www.hants.gov.uk/cycling/events.html]
The RPM Challenge Bike Ride Of The Day
Andover RFC [http://www.nrwebsolutions.com/Arfc/home.htm]
The annual Mini Marathon
St. Thomas' Community Hall.
Along with all the sporting facilities in the village, the local church also provides many services to the community.
The Royal Oak.
Like any traditional English village, the Royal Oak is Charlton's local pub, providing a valuable service to many of the locals. The pub also has various pool, dart and football teams as well as a very popular weekly quiz night.
Shops in Charlton.
Apart from the Tesco mini-market which took over from the One Stop chain in 2007, the only other shop in the village is Charlton Premier Shop - a local produce and mini-market.
The original shop in the place of the Premier shop was Behind The Bikeshed- a cycle shop known in the area for its evening rides both on-road and off-road. Behind the Bike Shed has moved to Andover to larger premises.

</doc>
<doc id="2882233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882233" title="Another Sky">
Another Sky

Another Sky is the seventh studio album by Irish traditional band Altan. It was released in 2000 on the Narada Productions label.
The title derives from a line in Steve Cooney's song "Island Girl", which Mairéad Ní Mhaonaigh sings on the album with Cooney himself as accompanist. This album is a slight departure from previous Altan albums, in that there is a Bob Dylan song. The album also features the Scots language song, "Green Grow The Rushes" by Robert Burns. A video was released for the Irish track "Beidh Aonach Amárach".
Another Sky was also mixed by nine-time Grammy Award-winner Gary Paczosa.
Live performances.
Altan played live in concert the following tracks: "Green Grow the Rushes", "Eoghainín Ó Ragadáin", "Ten Thousand Miles", "Gusty's Frolics/Con's Slip Jig/The Pretty Young Girls of Carrick/The Humours of Whiskey", "The Dispute at the Crossroads/Columba Ward's/ Siuns Reel".

</doc>
<doc id="2882238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882238" title="Watervale, South Australia">
Watervale, South Australia

Watervale is a town in the Clare Valley, South Australia, approximately 9 kilometres north of Auburn and 15 kilometres south of Clare. It is surrounded by a number of small wineries and several B&Bs. The "Riesling Trail" runs past the town to the west, between the Horrocks Highway and the Skilly Hills. The town has a number of 19th century heritage buildings, including the former Stanley Grammar School, which is now a private residence.
History.
Watervale is located on a creek of the same name which is a tributary of the Wakefield River. The area on which the town was settled was originally granted to a pioneer named David Davies in 1847 by Governor Robe, and he named this section of land "Watervale".
The area was settled by a number of Protestant families who founded a Bible Methodist Church in the township. The current Uniting Church and accompanying hall are examples of such colonial constructions in the area.
The town today.
The townhship boasts a general store and Post Office, hotel, primary school, CFS unit, Anglican and Uniting churches, a garage, a small number of local businesses (nursery, antique shop, wineries, artist studio) and a variety of recreational facilities (oval, tennis courts and a bowling green). Several Bed and Breakfast and Holiday Cottages are available for rent, including Watervale Retreat, Battunga B&B, Quince Cottage. The town can be readily accessed from the Riesling Trail. The iconic Grandstand has recently been renovated, standing majestically overlooking the town oval.
As part of the Clare Valley, the area is renowned internationally for its grape growing prowess, and is particularly well known for Riesling. High quality Cabernet and Shiraz wines are also produced. Local wineries include Crabtrees, Stephen John Wines, Annie's Lane and Olssen Wines.
Local artists of note are Murray Edwards and Harry Sherwin. 
Watervale hosts an annual 'Day on the Green' concert at Annie's Lane, attracting up to 6,000 concert-goers. Many have a great experience camping nearby on the town oval.
The hall for the town houses children's playgroup, Agricultural Bureau meetings, and other local functions.
Governance.
Watervale is in the District Council of Clare and Gilbert Valleys, the state electoral district of Frome, and the Australian House of Representatives Division of Wakefield.

</doc>
<doc id="2882254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882254" title="Lee Hall Mansion">
Lee Hall Mansion

Lee Hall or Lee Hall Mansion is a historic brick plantation house that was built during the period from 1848 to 1859. The community of Lee Hall, Virginia is named for it. It is located near the junction of U.S. 60 and VA 238, near Newport News, Virginia.
The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. The listed property includes two contributing buildings.
The nearby community of Lee Hall was named for the house, which was built in 1859 as the home of Richard Decatur Lee, a prominent local planter who was not directly related to the famous Confederate General Robert E. Lee. The mansion was used as headquarters for Confederate generals Joseph E. Johnston and John B. Magruder during the Peninsula Campaign of the American Civil War in 1862. Nearby is Endview Plantation, a 238-year-old house. Endview was used as a hospital during the Civil War and as a campground during the Revolutionary War, the War of 1812 and the Civil War.

</doc>
<doc id="2882255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882255" title="Endview Plantation">
Endview Plantation

Endview Plantation is a 17th-century plantation which is located on Virginia State Route 238 in the Lee Hall community in the northwestern area of the independent city of Newport News, Virginia.
History.
Earlier known as the Harwood Plantation, the house was built in 1769 by William Harwood along the Great Warwick Road, which linked the colonial capital of Williamsburg with the town of Hampton on the harbor of Hampton Roads. The 238-year-old house and grounds were used by military forces during the Revolutionary War. General Thomas Nelson, Jr.'s Virginia Militia used it as a resting place on September 28, 1781, en route to Yorktown shortly before the surrender of the British troops under Lord Cornwallis.
Military use again came during the War of 1812 and the American Civil War. Then the home of Dr. Humphrey Harwood Curtis, Jr., one of two doctors in Warwick County, Virginia, Endview also served as a hospital during the 1862 Peninsula Campaign of the Civil War.
Endview was acquired by the City of Newport News in 1995. Endview Plantation is the home of "The Civil War at Endview: A Living History Museum". The property has been used for military reenactments including events related to the 225th anniversary of the Siege of Yorktown which was held in 2006. As of Summer 2010, operating hours have been cut back so that the site is closed to the public Tuesday and Wednesday.
Media.
Endview Plantation was featured on "Only in America with Larry the Cable Guy" in the episode "America After Dark". Self-proclaimed "redneck" comedian Larry the Cable Guy visited the plantation with "Southeast Virginia Paranormal Investigations", a local paranormal team and joined them in investigating the house. They group couldn't declare the house haunted however, they did gather evidence of possible paranormal activity, such as EVP's of several strange noises and ghost voices on their digital recorders.

</doc>
<doc id="2882259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882259" title="Dialogue Between a Priest and a Dying Man">
Dialogue Between a Priest and a Dying Man

Dialogue Between a Priest and a Dying Man (original French: "Dialogue entre un prêtre et un moribond") is a dialogue written by the Marquis de Sade while incarcerated at Château de Vincennes in 1782. It is one of the earliest known written works from de Sade to be dated with certainty, and was first published in 1926 together with an edition of "Historiettes, Contes et Fabliaux" (written originally in 1788). It was subsequently published in English in 1927 by Pascal Covici in a limited, hand-numbered edition of 650 copies.
Plot.
The work expresses the author's atheism by having a dying man (a libertine) tell a priest about what he views as the mistakes of a pious life.
Legacy.
The dialogue inspired a similar scene in Luis Buñuel's film "Nazarín" (1959), wherein a dying woman wards off a priest while on her deathbed. Buñuel has previously adapted "The 120 Days of Sodom" into a scene in his earlier "L'Age d'Or" (1930) and would go on to feature the Marquis himself as a character in "La Voie Lactée" (1969).

</doc>
<doc id="2882263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882263" title="Holcombe Manor">
Holcombe Manor

Holcombe Manor was built in 1887 as a house by the first mayor of Chatham, George Winch (September 20, 1842 – February 22, 1914), for him and his wife Mary Clarke Bluette to live in. Mary was brought up in the village of Holcombe Rogus, Devon. Winch built the new family house in a near-identical style to that of her childhood home, Holcombe Court in Devon, calling it Holcombe. There was a lake in the grounds, and a sunken Italian garden. The original building was later extended past the conservatories.
In 1909 Holcombe Manor was put up for auction. The lots were the house itself, the local football ground, Chatham Town F.C., and the surrounding woodland. This area is now occupied by houses, shops and so on.
In 1920 the house became home to Chatham Grammar School for Boys, after which more buildings were built to accommodate students. These temporary buildings remained on the site of the sunken garden for about forty years until the year 2000, when construction on the Performing Arts block was started. The last remnants of the garden were destroyed as the steps leading out from the Manor's library down to the garden were demolished and the area bricked over. Today the English and Science ("B" Block") stands on the site of the lake.
The Parent-teacher association of Chatham Grammar School for Boys is called the Holcombe Association - it is believed to be the oldest PTA in England. Students are known as "Holcombians".

</doc>
<doc id="2882268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882268" title="Italian general election, 1948">
Italian general election, 1948

General elections were held in Italy on Sunday, April 18, 1948 to elect the First Republican Parliament. They were heavily influenced by the Cold War confrontation between the Soviet Union and the United States. After the February 1948 communist coup in Czechoslovakia, the US became alarmed about Soviet intentions and feared that, if the leftist coalition were to win the elections, the communist Left would draw Italy into the Soviet Union's sphere of influence. As the last month of the 1948 election campaign began, Time magazine pronounced the possible leftist victory to be "the brink of catastrophe".
The elections were eventually won with a comfortable margin by the Christian Democracy party (, DC) that defeated the left-wing coalition of the Popular Democratic Front (, FDP) that comprised the Italian Communist Party (, PCI) and the Italian Socialist Party (, PSI).
The Christian Democrats went on to form a government without the Communists, who had been in government from June 1944, when the first post-war government was formed, until May 1947.
Electoral system.
The pure party-list proportional representation chosen two years before for the election of the Constituent Assembly, was definitely adopted for the Chamber of Deputies. Italian provinces were divided into 31 constituencies, each electing a group of candidates. In each constituency, seats were divided between open lists using the largest remainder method with the Imperiali quota. Remaining votes and seats transferred to the national level, where special closed lists of national leaders received the last seats using the Hare quota.
For the Senate, 237 single-seat constituencies were created. The candidates needed a two-thirds majority to be elected, but only 15 aspiring senators were elected this way. All remaining votes and seats were grouped in party lists and regional constituencies, where the D'Hondt method was used: Inside the lists, candidates with the best percentages were elected.
This electoral system became standard in Italy, and was used until 1993.
Campaign.
The elections remain unmatched in verbal aggression and fanaticism in Italy's period of democracy. The Christian Democrat campaign claimed that, in communist countries, "children send parents to jail", "children are owned by the state", "people eat their own children", and assured voters that disaster would strike Italy if the Left were to take power.dead link dead link Another slogan was, "In the secrecy of the polling booth, God sees you - Stalin doesn't."
The PCI was "de facto" leading the FDP, and had effectively marginalised the PSI, which eventually suffered because of this in these elections, in terms of parliamentary seats and political power; The Socialists also had been hurt by the secession of a social-democratic faction led by Giuseppe Saragat, which contested the election with the concurrent list of Socialist Unity.
The PCI had difficulties in restraining its more militant members, who, in the period immediately after the war, had engaged in violent acts of reprisals. The areas affected by the violence (the so-called "Red Triangle" of Emilia, or parts of Liguria around Genoa and Savona, for instance) had previously seen episodes of brutality committed by the Fascists during Benito Mussolini's regime and the Italian Resistance during the Allies' gradual advance through Italy.
Superpower influence.
The 1948 general election could not help but be influenced by the Cold War that was starting between the United States and the Soviet Union.
The CIA, by its own admission, gave $1 million to Italian "center parties". and was accused of publishing forged letters in order to discredit the leaders of the Italian Communist Party. The National Security Act of 1947, that made foreign covert operations possible, had been signed into law about six months earlier by the American President Harry S. Truman.
"We had bags of money that we delivered to selected politicians, to defray their political expenses, their campaign expenses, for posters, for pamphlets," according to CIA operative F. Mark Wyatt. In order to influence the election, the US agencies undertook a campaign of writing ten million letters, made numerous short-wave radio broadcasts and funded the publishing of books and articles, all of which warned the Italians of what was believed to be the consequences of a communist victory. Time Magazine backed the campaign and featured the Christian Democrat leader and Prime Minister Alcide De Gasperi on the cover of its April 19, 1948 issue and in its lead story.
The PCI, though, was also being funded by the Soviet Union, according to Mark Wyatt. "The Communist Party of Italy was funded ... by black bags of money directly out of the Soviet compound in Rome; and the Italian services were aware of this. As the elections approached, the amounts grew, and the estimates that $8 million to $10 million a month actually went into the coffers of communism. Not necessarily completely to the party: Mr. Di Vittorio and labor was powerful, and certainly a lot went to him," according to the former CIA operative.
The Christian Democrats eventually won the 1948 election with 48 percent of the vote, while the FDP received 31 percent. The CIA's practice of influencing the political situation was repeated in every Italian election for at least the next 24 years. A leftist coalition would not win a general election for the next 48 years, until 1996. This was due to the Italians' traditional bent for conservatism, on one side, but also, even more importantly, to the Cold War, with the US closely watching Italy, in their determination to maintain a vital NATO presence amidst the Mediterranean and retain the Yalta-agreed status quo of western Europe.
Results.
Christian Democracy won a sweeping victory, taking 48.5 percent of the vote and 373 seats, enough for an absolute majority in the Chamber of Deputies. Although this was more than enough for DC leader and premier Alcide De Gasperi to form an exclusively DC government, he formed a "centrist" coalition with Liberals, Republicans and Social Democrats. De Gasperi formed three Councils of Ministers, the second one in 1950 after the defection of the Liberals, who hoped for more rightist politics, and the third one in 1951 after the defection of the Social-democrats, who hoped for more leftist politics.
Following a provision of the new Constitution of Italy, all living democratic deputies elected during the 1924 general election and deposed by the National Fascist Party in 1926, automatically became members of the first republican Senate.

</doc>
<doc id="2882272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882272" title="Thomas Telford School">
Thomas Telford School

Thomas Telford School is a City Technology College in Telford, Shropshire, England. Often referred to as 'TTS', it achieves the highest GCSE pass rate of any comprehensive school in England.
Background.
Founded in 1991, the school was a pioneering experiment in specialist CTCs. The college's catchment area includes Telford, Wolverhampton and the villages and suburbs in between. One of the school's initial main aims was to help relieve the under-performing schools in the urban areas of Wolverhampton. Thomas Telford School generates most of its funds through the sale of its online curriculum content which is sold through its subsidiary company TTSOnline Limited (Thomas Telford School Online Limited).
Online curriculum.
The school produces and sells what it calls an "online curriculum". This consists of interactive learning materials, online tasks and even podcasts which all relate to various subject areas. The school's subsidiary company TTSOnline Ltd. then sells access to the content to other schools for a fixed price. Schools have the option to purchase access to one specific course (for example DiDA), or purchase the entire online curriculum. In addition to the online learning resources that the school provides, the school also provides training days; during these days the teaching staff from other schools can attend seminars at the school and learn the methods in which the school teaches the courses which it provides on its online curriculum and how to maximise the effectiveness of using it in a classroom environment. This combined training for and selling of the online curriculum is known as Project 40.
Information technology.
The school has long been at the forefront of using IT for education, the school makes use of electronic whiteboards provided by Smart Technologies in all classrooms, learning bases and study rooms. In addition to this the school has an advanced internal network operating mainly using Novell and Windows Advanced Server 2003 products. The school also provides an extranet, which is run using Novell Virtual Office, allowing students and staff to access their files and e-mail from home. Thomas Telford School also hosts its online curriculum in-house, with a web server and Real Streaming Media Server housed in the computer services department of the school. The school also has a mirror of its online curriculum at a high-speed London data centre.
The school has at least 1 computer and interactive whiteboard in every classroom as well as around one hundred in each of the school's 4 ILC's (Independent Learning Centres). The school also has a state-of-the-art CAD/CAM suite; which provides access to an array of various Roland CAM CNC milling and machining equipment and a large bedded CO2. The CAD/CAM suite also consists of an HP A1 Pantone printer, HP A3 colour laser printer and HP A3 inkject laser printer as well as the schools network of other laser printers. The CAD/CAM suite also houses around fifty computers for students to produce work on the various CAD packages the school has which includes the latest version of AutoDesk Inventor.
Achievements and school life.
The school caters for students from the age of 11 through to 18. This is in a system of national year groups from Year 7 to 6.2 (year 13). The school also has a unique and successful system of after school curricular activities called Session 3 which are highly encouraged, and which it claims is pivotal to its success over the past years. GCSE and A level results have also improved year on year and now results are consistently around 100% pass rates. Most students leave Thomas Telford with 12 or more pass GCSES of which most are A or A* grades. In the 2008-09 Academic Year, one student left with 15 A or A* GCSES. 
In the 2009-10 academic year the school won two national football finals and were finalists and semi finalists in a further 3. Also the Synchronised Swimming Teams are currently national champions and a former student won a gold medal in the European School Games in 2006. In recent years, the school choir has been invited to perform at the Royal Albert Hall, which is an honour for any choir
In its lifetime the school has made several notable achievements. Its current Headmaster, Sir Kevin Satchwell, was knighted in 2001 for services to education and the community, and from 1998 to the present day, TTS has been named 'the most successful Comprehensive school in the UK', after 100% of its pupils gained 5 or more A*-C GCSE's, being the first and only comprehensive school ever to do so in 1998.
A rigorous method of applicant selection takes place, including an entrance test to allow all abilities to be reflected and equally proportioned in the school, with the majority of successful applicants being middle achievers and an equal proportion of low to high achievers which reflects the local population.
Ranking & Facilities.
In 2005 Thomas Telford school produced the best results of any school comprehensive or otherwise at 16. Thomas Telford students scored an average of 760.3 points per student, more than 100 points better than its nearest rival.
Headmaster Sir Kevin Satchwell commented that the school no longer uses the traditional yardstick of five or more GCSE passes at grades A* to C since all students achieved at least 12 GCSE passes at grades A* to C.
The school is the best performing comprehensive school in England 
The school's facilities include Swimming Pool, Theatre, State of the Art Fitness Centre, Astroturf, Football pitches and will be receiving even more sport facilities as part of the Building Schools for the Future campaign.
Expansion.
In 2004, Thomas Telford federated with local under-performing school, Madeley Academy, placing one of its deputies in charge. This has seen exam results improve and other schemes like this across the UK. The academy is now graded Outstanding by Ofsted and is achieving great exam results thanks to the successful partnership.
The school has helped set up two other schools. These are in Walsall and Sandwell; both are now fully built and operational. These are headed by former Deputy Headteachers at Thomas Telford School. All four current academies compete in Inter-Academy competitions throughout the year in a variety of sports.

</doc>
<doc id="2882274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882274" title="Laiwu">
Laiwu

Laiwu () is a prefecture-level city in central Shandong Province, People's Republic of China. The smallest prefecture-level city in the province, it borders the provincial capital of Jinan to the north, Zibo to the east and Tai'an to the southwest. Its population was 1,298,529 at the 2010 census whom 989,535 lived in the built-up area made up of Laicheng district, Gangcheng district not being conurbated yet.
Administration.
The prefecture-level city of Laiwu administers 2 county-level divisions, both of which are districts.
These are further divided into 19 township-level divisions, including 14 towns, 1 townships and 4 subdistricts.

</doc>
<doc id="2882276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882276" title="Afif Ayyub">
Afif Ayyub

Afif Ayyub "(alternative spellings: Afif Ayoub, Afif Ayyoub)" (born August 31, 1953), a career diplomat, is the current Ambassador of Lebanon to the Sultanate of Oman. He has been in this position since September 2003.
He previously served in several diplomatic missions including Doha, Qatar; Dubai, United Arab Emirates; Paris, France; The United Nations; and Canberra, Australia.
He is thought to have saved the Lebanese School in Doha from imminent bankruptcy by means of reforming its finances, curricula, and facilities. Now, with the help of the Qatari Government and donations from several Lebanese and Qatari individuals, the Lebanese School in Doha boasts one of the best campuses in Qatar.
Ayyub is a graduate of the American University of Beirut (AUB). He got his BSc in Chemistry in 1975 and MA in Political Science in 1979.
He is author of "Resolutions and Decisions of the Security Council on Lebanon" published in 1991 by Dar Al Khulud in English, French, and Arabic.

</doc>
<doc id="2882278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882278" title="Short list">
Short list

A short list or shortlist is a list of candidates for a job, prize, award, political position, etc., that has been reduced from a longer list of candidates (sometimes via intermediate lists known as "long lists"). The length of short lists varies according to the context. 
U.S. politics.
In US politics, short list is most frequently used in two instances: first a list of prospective vice presidential nominees compiled for the benefit of a party's presidential nominee, and a list of people who might be nominated by an executive office holder to a judicial or lower executive office.
In the latter instance, the short list may be compiled by the party election committee, after conducting research and undergoing a process of elimination, selecting individuals judged fit and capable of successfully completing any processes needed for acceptance. It may also be used for the presidential nominations of federal and Supreme Court justices.
In the former instance, its main use refers to the context of presidential nominees, as they make their choice for the vice presidential nominee. The list is typically compiled by the presidential nominee's advisers, with an eye to the characteristics of each vice presidential nominee that might boost the combined presidential ticket to victory. Under the current U.S. presidential and vice-presidential nomination regime, the presidential nominee's selection of running mate is authoritative, and will almost never be rejected by party convention delegates.
As a prospective vice presidential nominee is placed onto the short list they are typically subject to thorough vetting. The scrutiny involved in the vetting process usually increases as any given person whose name is on the short list comes closer to being chosen by the presidential nominee.
The media frequently claims to obtain and announces the names of individuals they believe to be on the short list. Presidential nominees' staffs may also quietly disclose the name of a candidate as being on the short list, in an attempt to gauge public opinion.
Typically, the most prominent individuals on the short list are those who competed well in the early presidential primary and caucus contests, but who are judged as non-threatening by the presidential nominee (for example, John Kerry's selection of John Edwards in 2004.) There are several individuals who are perennially listed as being on the short list, such as Evan Bayh and Bill Richardson for the Democrats, and Orrin Hatch for the Republicans. Although such public disclosure may be considered an honor or mark of distinction, it can also harm a political career if a candidate is frequently discussed but never chosen.
Literary awards.
For literary awards, a short list (or 'shortlist') is often made public, and sometimes a 'long list' as well.

</doc>
<doc id="2882284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882284" title="Danny McGuire">
Danny McGuire

Danny McGuire is an English professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Leeds Rhinos of Super League. A Great Britain and England international representative half, he has played his entire career to date with the Rhinos, having come through the club's Academy, and has won several titles with them.
Playing career.
2000s.
McGuire signed for the Rhinos from local team East Leeds ARLFC. McGuire impressed for the Academy side & made his debut for the Rhinos 1st team at Headingley Stadium against the Salford City Reds in July 2001.
By the start of the 2003 Super League season, McGuire had established himself as a first-team regular.
But it was the 2004 season when McGuire really showed what he could do. He ended the season having scored 39 tries in all competitions, including a Super League record of 5 in one match against the Widnes Vikings. It was just one fewer than the Super League's Top Try Scorer, Bradford's Lesley Vainikolo, scored that season. McGuire's superb form resulted in him being awarded the Rugby League Writers Association Player of the Year and resulted in him being named in the 2004 Tetley’s Super League Dream Team. McGuire played for the Leeds Rhinos in the half-backs in their 2004 Super League Grand Final victory against the Bradford Bulls, scoring a try, ending a 32-year wait for the Championship. On the back of his superb season in 2004, McGuire was named in the Great Britain squad for the Tri-Nations tournament. He made his debut off the bench in Great Britain's first game defeat against Australia.
As Super League IX champions, the Rhinos faced 2004 NRL season premiers, the Bulldogs in the 2005 World Club Challenge. McGuire played at five-eighth and scored a try in Leeds' 39-32 victory. McGuire played for Leeds in the 2005 Challenge Cup final from the interchange bench in their loss against Hull FC. McGuire suffered a Grand Final defeat in the 2005 Super League Grand Final which was a rematch of the 2004 Final against Bradford. McGuire played at stand-off half and scored the Rhinos' only try in a 15-6 defeat.
The second in 2007 Super League Grand Final, this time defeating St. Helens 33-6. The third in 2008, again defeating St Helens in a closer affair than the year before. The Rhinos winning 24-16, with McGuire scoring two tries in the second-half to ensure victory.
In 2008, McGuire was named, along with seven Rhinos' teammates, in England, & former Rhinos, coach Tony Smith's 24-man squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup. Before the tournament, McGuire was named as one of the 2008 Rugby League World Cup 'Players to Watch' by Australian website NRL Live. 
Group A's first match against Papua New Guinea he played from the interchange bench as England came from behind to scrape past Papua New Guinea 32-22 in the opening game of the tournament. England then lost 52-4 to host nation and tournament favourites Australia. McGuire was left out of the squad for England's final group game, where they surrendered a 24-12 half-time lead, to lose 36-24 to New Zealand. McGuire started his first game of the tournament against New Zealand in the semi-final. It also proved to be his last as, despite scoring two tries, McGuire could not prevent England losing 32-22 and being eliminated.
McGuire's fourth grand final came in 2009, defeating St Helens for a third year in a row, 18-10.
2010s.
After winning three titles in a row, the Rhinos struggled in 2010. McGuire excelled though, scoring 27 tries in 32 games. His equal best since his excellent 2004 season. McGuire's season ended in controversy though during the Rhino's win in their first play-off match against the eventual champions, the Wigan Warriors. With just moments remaining in the match, the Rhinos led 27-26, when Wigan broke down the left of the field. McGuire was adjudged to have pulled back Wigan's George Carmont, preventing him from scoring a potential match-winning try. But in doing so, McGuire suffered a serious knee injury which would rule him out for up to six months, meaning he'd miss the remainder of the season & the start of the next. Former Wigan star Phil Clarke caused further controversy by writing, 'Perhaps the rugby Gods have punished him (McGuire) for his unsportsmanlike play', on his blog on the Sky Sports website.
McGuire played at stand-off half for Leeds in the 2011 Challenge Cup final which was lost to Wigan. He then made his first start for Great Britain in their next match against New Zealand, playing a key role & creating the try which ensured a 22-12 victory. His fifth and latest grand final win, again against St Helens, came in 2011 with Leeds Rhinos coming from 5th in the regular season table to win 32-16 in the 2011 Super League Grand Final at Old Trafford.

</doc>
<doc id="2882285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882285" title="Jahnu">
Jahnu

Rishi Jahnu appears in the story of the Ganges and Bhagiratha. When the Ganges came to earth after being released from Lord Shiva's locks, her torrential waters wreaked havoc with Jahnu's fields and penance. Angered by this, the great sage drank up all of the Ganges' waters to punish her. Seeing this, the Gods prayed to the sage to release the Ganges, so that she could proceed on her mission to release the souls of the ancestors of Bhagiratha. Jahnu relented and he released the Ganges from his ear. For this, the Ganges river is also known as "Jahnavi", meaning "daughter of Jahnu".
Sanskrit spelling of "Jahnavi" (IAST) jāhnavī
Reference: http://spokensanskrit.de/index.php?script=HK&beginning=0+&tinput=jahnu+&trans=Translate&direction=AU

</doc>
<doc id="2882292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882292" title="Workers' Aid for Bosnia">
Workers' Aid for Bosnia

__NOTOC__
Workers' Aid for Bosnia (sometimes abbreviated to "Workers' Aid") was founded in London, United Kingdom in 1993, after a call by the Campaign Against Fascism in Europe (CAFE). Sixty people – socialists, trade unionists and Bosnian refugees – met to discuss how to organise solidarity with those people in ex-Yugoslavia defending a united, multi-ethnic Bosnia and Herzegovina. Workers' Aid was supported by the International Socialist Group, the USFI, and the Workers Revolutionary Party (Workers Press). However, there was rivalry between these groupings which did not help the solidarity project.
At the founding meeting a letter was read out from a Serbia war opponent. It appealed for workers in Britain to take food to the mining communities of Tuzla, the multi-ethnic bastion of Bosnia and Herzegovina that had been under siege by nationalist forces for many months. This became its first major activity. Steve Myers of CAFE, the initiator of Workers' Aid for Bosnia was elected International Coordinator - involving workers organisations and convoys from Sweden, Denmark, Germany, France and others.
In Britain it began as an appeal for volunteers, money and food. Meetings were held throughout the country appealing for support from the trade unions and the working class movement. It bought its first lorry with money donated by the Muslim Solidarity Campaign. Once further lorries were available, they travelled in convoys. What distinguished Workers Aid from other humanitarian charities and NGOs was its explicit political stance. It advocated the raising of the UN imposed aid and arms embargo, which effectively left the Bosnians defenceless against the much better armed Serb nationalists. As such, passing through Zagreb, Croatia, ten lorries of the convoy blockaded the UN military compound and appeared on national Croatian TV.
Workers' Aid did not see the war as a civil war between warring tribalisms, but a specific political project driven by western interference, Greater Serb nationalism and, to a lesser extent, Croatian nationalism. Workers Aid never saw itself as a charity, but as a campaigning organisation aiming to catalyse a response from the broader labour movement across Europe.
The group continued its work in the former Yugoslavia, first visiting Kosovo in January 1996. Under its new name, Workers Aid for Kosova ("Kosova" is the Albanian name of Kosovo), it was one of the first organisations to take aid to Kosovo during the NATO intervention of July 1999. During July and August of that year they supported miners in and around Kosovska Mitrovica and Pristina, and – with support from the Students' Representative Council of the University of Aberdeen together with Aid Convoy – supplied the students' union of the University of Pristina. A film exists of this trip, entitled simply "Convoy", and made by Rachel Robertson, a member of the convoy team.
Later, some of Workers' Aid members went on to other political campaigns, such as Reclaim the Streets and the Liverpool Dockers' Strike. Others became involved with mainstream charitable organisations, or ran other organisations such as Aid Convoy, which continues to work in neighbouring Albania as well as other countries. Many individual trade union branches and members also took practical solidarity action.

</doc>
<doc id="2882297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882297" title="Cyra">
Cyra

The name Cyra may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2882299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882299" title="L&amp;YR Class 21">
L&amp;YR Class 21

The L&YR Class 21 is a class of small 0-4-0ST steam locomotive built by the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway for shunting duties. They were nicknamed "Pugs".
Operational history.
The London, Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS) gave the locomotives the power classification 0F. In total fifty seven were made between 1891 and 1910. They were built for use in sharply curved sidings for shunting duties. The Pugs were allocated by the L&YR for operation in the industrial areas and docks of Fleetwood, Goole, Liverpool and Salford. In later times they became more widely dispersed, reaching places such as Bristol, Bangor, Crewe, Derby, Widnes, York and Swansea. When the LMS was merged into British Railways on 1 January 1948, 23 'Pugs' remained in service. The last was withdrawn in 1964.
Preservation.
Two have survived to preservation, these are L&YR 68 (later LMS 11218 and BR 51218) and 1910-built L&YR 19 (LMS 11243). Both "Pugs" are now owned by The Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Trust, a Registered Charity, reg no 1002627.
51218 first entered preservation in 1965 and is awaiting an overhaul by the owners on the Keighley and Worth Valley Railway. When it does work because of its low power is not regularly used on passenger trains but makes appearances at galas and charters. It last steamed in 2005. No. 19 came into preservation in 1967 and was sold by the LMS in 1931 into industrial use, but is unlikely to be steamed again in the foreseeable future. It is on display on loan from the owners at the Ribble Steam Railway.
Models.
Several models of the 'Pug' have been produced commercially. The first was a 'OO'-scale polystyrene kit made in the 1960s by Kitmaster, the moulds for which were subsequently sold to Airfix then passed on to Dapol, which still manufactures the former Airfix plastic kit range. A ready-to-run OO model was produced initially by Airfix then Dapol and finally Hornby where the Pug was produced until 2000. The Pug was reintroduced to Hornby's range in 2010 (R2927) in early British Railways Livery. Larger scale models are available from a number of suppliers including Tower Models of Blackpool.

</doc>
<doc id="2882301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882301" title="Rohr, Inc.">
Rohr, Inc.

Goodrich Aerostructures Group, formerly Rohr, Inc., is an aerospace manufacturing company based in Chula Vista, California, south of San Diego. It is a wholly owned unit of the Goodrich Corporation and was originally founded as Rohr Industries. 
Rohr's main product line are aerostructures, such as engine-related components, including engine nacelles, thrust reversers, and mounting pylons for military and commercial aircraft. It also consults on integrating and managing its designs with the aircraft's other systems.
Other products include APUs, flight control surfaces, and other aircraft parts.
History.
Fred Rohr, creator of the fuel tanks for Charles Lindbergh's "Spirit of St. Louis", founded Rohr Aircraft Corporation on August 6, 1940 with the help of Reuben H. Fleet after approaching him for a job. The company incorporated as Rohr Corporation in 1969, and changed its name to Rohr Industries, Inc. in 1971.
In the 1960s and 70s, Rohr Industries made a foray into mass transit equipment manufacturing. It manufactured railcars for BART in the San Francisco Bay Area, and the first 300 subway cars for Washington Metro in Washington, D.C. among others (see Washington Metro rolling stock). In 1970 it produced an experimental aérotrain design, the TACV, and purchased the rights to the Monocab design and turned it into the ROMAG. In the same year it acquired the Flxible Company, a bus manufacturer, which would produce a Transbus design as the Flxible Metro. Rohr divested itself of, or discontinued those programs by the late 1970s.
Rohr Industries became Rohr, Inc. in 1992. Formerly listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol RHR, it was acquired by the Goodrich Corporation in 1997 and remained separately incorporated company as Goodrich Aerostructures. In August 2012, United Technologies Corporation (UTC) purchased Goodrich Corporation and all its divisions. After the acquisition, UTC created an aerospace systems division (United Technologies Aerospace Systems - UTAS) which all divisions of Goodrich Aerostructures and UTC's Hamilton Sundstrand divisions were incorporated into one entity.

</doc>
<doc id="2882304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882304" title="Derio">
Derio

Derio is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain. It's part of Greater Bilbao and was part of the municipality of Bilbao until 1983 and hosts Bilbao's biggest municipal cemetery. It has a population of 5,107 (2006).

</doc>
<doc id="2882305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882305" title="Dima, Spain">
Dima, Spain

Dima is a town and municipality of the province of Biscay, in the Basque Country, Spain. Dima is part of the "comarca" of Arratia-Nerbioi and had a population of 1,313 inhabitants in 2010 according to the Spanish National Statistics Institute.
Geography.
Dima is located in the "comarca" of Arratia-Nerbioi, in the south of the province of Biscay, northern Spain. It limits at north with the municipalities of Igorre and Amorebieta-Etxano at north, Durango at northeast, Mañaria at east, Abadiño at southeast, Otxandio and Ubide at south and Zeanuri, Areatza, Artea and Arantzazu at west. Part of the municipality is located within the Urkiola Natural Park. The Axlor archaeological site is nearby.
Transportation.
The town is accessible only by road; the BI-3543 connects it with Igorre and Otxandio. The Bizkaibus line A3925 has several stops within the municipality and connects it with Otxandio, Lemoa, Galdakao and Bilbao (the capital city of the province), among others. There are buses in both directions (direction Otxandio and direction Bilbao) every hour.

</doc>
<doc id="2882311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882311" title="Paul Osborne">
Paul Osborne

Paul Anthony Osborne (born 30 December 1966) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer, administrator and politician. He played first-grade rugby league for the St George Dragons and Canberra Raiders before serving as a member of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly from 1995 until 2001. He was the chief executive officer of the Parramatta Eels in the National Rugby League from 2009 to 2011.
Background.
Osborne grew up in Hurlstone Park, New South Wales and was educated at Christian Brothers' High School, Lewisham. He was formerly a police detective. He is divorced and has 9 children.
Rugby league football career.
He was a member of the St George rugby league team between 1986–1991 and the Canberra Raiders rugby league team between 1992 - 1994. His form for St.George Dragons between 1986-1991 was inconsistent as he was sometimes considered a future star for the club and a captaincy candidate and at other times was considered a liability, although, he starred in the victorious St George Dragons team that won the Panasonic Cup in 1988. He left the Club at the end of Brian Smith's first year of Coaching in 1991 to join the weakened Canberra club who had lost so many forwards after the 1991 salary cap investigation.
Osborne was unlucky in that Canberra made the Grand final in his last three years at St George and then St George made the grand final in the following 2 seasons. Although he was a regular first grader in his first two seasons with the Raiders, in his 1994, he injured his foot earlier in the season and didn't play much first grade. He had been organised a release from finals bound Canberra, and had been ready to fly to England to finish his career there.
In the 1994 Preliminary Final victory over North Sydney, John Lomax was sent off, and subsequently suspended. Tim Sheens (Canberra's Coach) felt that the reserve forwards he had been using in the finals (Brett Hetherington and David Westley) would lose their impact if they started, so he literally called Osborne back from the airport for the opportunity to play one last game - in the Grand Final. Osborne laid on two offloads which led directly to tries in the earlier stages of the match, playing an important role as Canberra won, claiming the 1994 Winfield Cup, and giving him a dream ending to his career.
Missing the flight to England terminated his agreements, so left without a club, Osborne joined the local Canberra competition, and got involved in local politics.
Political career.
Osborne was elected to the ACT Legislative Assembly as an independent representative for the electorate of Brindabella in 1995 on a socially conservative platform. Prior to the 1998 general election, Osborne formed a group called the Osborne Independents Group and ran two candidates in each of the three seats. Osborne was re-elected and Dave Rugendyke, a former police officer, was a seat in the Assembly, representing Ginninderra. The Osborne Independent Group ran on a strong pro-life ticket with stated objectives of blocking both euthanasia legislation and legislation to decriminalise abortion. However, on taking up his seat in the Assembly, Rugendyke chose not to sit with Osborne, but sat as an independent in the Assembly. Less than a year later, at the request of the party, the ACT Electoral Commission deregistered the Osborne Independent Group on 15 February 1999. Osborne and Rugendyke sat in the Assembly as independents from that date.
In 1995, with the support of Osborne and Michael Moore, another independent, Liberal leader, Kate Carnell, formed a minority government. Moore later went on to serve as an independent Minister for Health in the Carnell-led government. In 1998, with support of Rugendyke, Osborne introduced an anti-abortion bill, requiring that more information be provided to women considering the procedure and that there be a 72-hour cooling-off period. His move was vehmently but unsuccessfully opposed by the Health Minister, Moore. The Bill, while consistent with Osborne's Catholic beliefs, damaged his popularity among the suburban voters who had been his chief supporters. (Abortion was decriminalised and the legislation repealed in 2002).
Osborne voted against the 2000 budget in a successful attempt to stop the opening of a supervised injecting room. Although the injecting room had the support of a majority of the Assembly members, Osborne's support was needed to approve the funding in the budget. A new budget without funding for the injecting room was presented to the Assembly soon after and it passed with Osborne's support.
In late 2000, Labor gave notice of an intention to move a no confidence vote against Carnell over the Bruce Stadium affair. The Assembly adjourned for seven days and, despite her attempts to secure support from Osborne, Carnell was forced to resign as Chief Minister before the vote was put to the Assembly. She was replaced by Gary Humphries. Osborne had a crucial role in determining Carnell's future, initially proposing an early election (which was outside the provisions of the ACT Constitution) to resolve the lack of confidence in Carnell.
In 2001, Osborne and Rugendyke defended their respective seats, but this time, on separate tickets. Both were not re-elected.
In July 2004 the Canberra Times claimed that he was considering running for that year's ACT election with the Liberal Party, but it did not run. He worked as community-relations officer for the Raiders for a time after leaving politics.
Life after politics.
In 2005, he was appointed as the CEO of the National Rugby League's Player Manager Accreditation Program. He was also a match day commentator on the ABC's rugby league coverage.
In October 2008 he took 6 NRL Players, Nathan Hindmarsh, Justin Poore, Todd Payten, Jared Hickey, Jared Warea-Hargreaves and Todd Carney to Rwanda to work in the Village of Hope for Hope Rwanda. They worked in the village building houses for widows and orphans. They visited the famed Mountain Gorillas and News Limited and Fox Sports had extended coverage of the trip. All the players reported how much the trip had affected them and how far the country had come since the 1994 Genocide. He returned in 2009 with 6 Parramatta Eels Players, Justin Poore, Joel Reddy, Matthew Keating, Joe Galavou, Tim Mannah and Joe Paulo. They worked in the same village and also made the trip to the border of Rwanda and the Congo at the Volcanoes National Park to visit the Mountain Gorillas.
Midway through the 2009 NRL season, Parramatta Eels Chief Executive Denis Fitzgerald was replaced by Osborne. He then oversaw the troubled club's rise to the grand final winning 7 regular season matches in a row on the way. The Eels under Osborne broke the record for the biggest crowd at a match outside of the Grand Final when 75,000 people attended the Preliminary Final. The Eels defeated the Bulldogs in that match. His friendship with Rugby convert Timana Tahu was pivotal in him returning to the Eels from Rugby for the 2010 Season.
On 15 November 2011 Paul Osborne announced that he would no longer be Chief Executive of the Parramatta Eels after Christmas due to "A working relationship between Paul Osborne and the club's major naming rights sponsor Pirtek is no longer tenable"
He is now no longer involved in Rugby League and spends much of his time working overseas in both Hong Kong and Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="2882330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882330" title="Ernie Tate">
Ernie Tate

Ernest Tate, known as Ernie Tate, is a long-standing supporter of the reunified Fourth International, based in Canada. 
Born in Northern Ireland, Tate was recruited by Ross Dowson into the Canadian section of the Fourth International. In the late 1960s, he went from North America to Great Britain to work with supporters of International to solidify the young International Marxist Group, of which he became a leader. Ernie and fellow Canadian Pat Brain worked side by side with Bertrand Russell in the Russell Tribunal set up to investigate US war crimes in Vietnam. 
The famous beating of Tate in 1966 by supporters of Gerry Healy was a cause célèbre within the world Trotskyist movement. One of his recruits to the IMG was Tariq Ali.
Tate was one of two members of the Vietnam Solidarity Campaign organising committee for the demonstration against the Vietnam war in London in October 1968 who successfully opposed a proposal to halt the march in Whitehall, which would have caused unnecessary confrontation with the police and a degeneration into violence. He was thus instrumental in ensuring that the 200,000 participants passed through London peacefully, despite dire prognostications in the press and on television (who reported the march but also gave undue coverage to a simultaneous 5,000-strong violent counter-protest by Maoists attacking the United States Embassy). As a result, opposition to the war grew enormously in Britain at the same time as in the United States.
Tate was a founder of the Leninist Trotskyist Tendency in 1973. He returned to Canada in 1969. 

</doc>
<doc id="2882345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882345" title="Eye bank">
Eye bank

Eye banks retrieve and store eyes for cornea transplants and research. The first eye bank was founded in 1944. Currently, in the United States, eye banks provide tissue for about 46,000 cornea transplants each year to treat conditions such as keratoconus and corneal scarring. In some cases, the white of the eye (sclera) is used to surgically repair recipient eyes. Unlike other organs and tissues, there is an adequate supply of corneas for transplants in the United States, and excess tissue is exported internationally, however, there is a shortage of corneal tissue internationally.
History.
In 1944, the first eye bank was founded in New York City by two physicians, Dr. Townley Paton and Dr. John MacLean.
Recovery of Eye Tissue.
"Recovery" refers to the retrieval of organs or tissues from a deceased organ donor. Recovery is currently the preferred term, although "harvesting" and "procurement" have been used in the past, they are considered inappropriate, harsh, and potentially inaccurate. 
When an organ/tissue donor dies, consent for donation is obtained either from a donor registry or from the donor's next of kin. A recovery technician is then dispatched to the hospital, funeral home, or medical examiner's office to recover the donor's eyes. The recovery occurs within hours of the death of the donor. The entire eye, called the globe, may be surgically removed (enucleated), or only the cornea may be excised in-situ and placed in storage media. There is a wide variety of storage media used in eye banking. Commercial preparations as well as organ culture medium can preserve corneas. The eye tissue is then transported to the eye bank for processing.
Laboratory Processing.
A sample of the donor's blood is also collected to test for infectious diseases such as HIV, hepatitis B, hepatitis C, human cytomegalovirus, syphilis, and sometimes others. The blood type is also tested, although corneas do not receive any blood supply and match typing is not necessary for transplantation. 
If the entire eye was enucleated during the original recovery, then the cornea and part of the sclera are removed and placed in a container with preservation medium, and the sclera is cleaned and then preserved in alcohol. The corneas are visually examined and evaluated underneath a slit-lamp, and the number of endothelial cells are counted underneath a specular microscope. The corneas are rated, usually on a scale of 0-4, for donor suitability based on the specular and slit-lamp evaluations.
Shortage and growth of eye banks.
An estimated 900 new eye banks are necessary to meet the current demand for eye transplant tissue. There are currently 80 eye banks in the United States.
Regulations.
The Eye Bank Association of America (EBAA) was established in 1961, and its members include eye banks that operate not only in the United States, but also in Canada, Europe, the Middle East, and Asia. The EBAA has established comprehensive medical standards for eye banks, and the standardized the training and certification of eye bank technicians. These interventions are considered major contributions to the current safety of eye transplantation. The EBAA is the national accrediting agency for eye banks. Accreditation requires site visits at least once every three years by the EBAA to evaluate adherence to established standards and quality control.
To avoid violating the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, Eye banks must, through their legal anatomical authorizations, obtain consent which allows Eye Bank Association of America representatives access to donor information for accreditation reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="2882349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882349" title="Adam Duce">
Adam Duce

Adam Duce (born 1972) is an American musician, best known as a founding member and former bassist of the American thrash/groove metal band Machine Head.
Biography.
Duce had a hard childhood. He was often sent to rehabilitation institutes by his parents, later in life he got involved with drugs, even spending periods in drug rehab because of drug overdoses. 
He has been a close friend with former Machine Head guitarist Logan Mader since childhood.
He was introduced to rock music with AC/DC’s album For Those About to Rock We Salute You.
At the age of 11 he was sent to a reform school in Texas for two years. He explains the reason for this in an interview: "I had too much energy for my body to contain”. In that school he lost touch with the outside world’s art, especially music.
After getting out of the rehab school, Logan Mader introduced him to metal music with bands such as Slayer, Metallica, Exodus, King Diamond, Celtic Frost, Sacrilege B.C..
Around 1987 Duce and Mader decided to start playing the guitar. They’ve unsuccessfully tried to form a band several times. Later, Duce realised that the bass guitar was more suitable for him due to his large frame and finger width, so he became a bass player.
Adam Duce points out that his main influences come from bass players such as Cliff Burton, Geezer Butler, Steve Harris.
Machine Head.
Duce met Robb Flynn when he was 16 through a common friend, and they later became roommates. At the time, Flynn was playing in Vio-Lence. In 1991 they got involved in a big fight with a local gang in Oakland, California, where they lived. This led to Flynn leaving Vio-Lence and served as a catalyst for the forming of a new band – Machine Head. Retaining a desire to write music, Flynn recruited Duce, guitarist Logan Mader and drummer Tony Costanza to form Machine Head.
Duce played bass and did the backing vocals for all the Machine Head albums between the first (Burn My Eyes) and seventh albums (Unto the Locust) and participated in all of the band's tours until 2012. He also has several appearances in live shows as a bassist for Roadrunner United.
Duce didn’t fully participate in the creative process for the songs for Unto the Locust. In an interview he admitted that he wrote several riffs and lyrics that got rejected by Robb Flynn, which led to further disagreements between him and the band. These disagreements were later pointed out as the reason for the band to fire him.
On February 22, 2013, Machine Head announced that the band and Duce were parting ways. Robb Flynn later explained in an emotional message on the band's website that the band had fired Duce.
On January, 21, 2014, Duce began a court trial against Machine Head's three current members and manager in Federal Court, alleging trademark infringement, breach of partnership agreement and defamation, among other things.
On July, 4, 2014, it became clear from a post in Machine Head's official Facebook page that the lawsuit had been settled and all claims by Duce have been dropped.

</doc>
<doc id="2882352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882352" title="Tanora">
Tanora

Tanora is a tangerine flavoured carbonated drink sold in Ireland, predominantly in Munster. It was introduced by John Daly & Co, a mineral water bottler in Cork City. The brand is owned by Coca Cola Bottlers Ireland, a subsidiary of Coca-Cola Hellenic. Tanora is packaged in 2-litre and 500ml plastic bottles. It was also available in 330ml cans, but these ceased production in June 2010; 200ml glass bottles (for the licensed trade) have already been withdrawn, both due to lack of demand.
In 1969, Stephen Barrett described his childhood liking for Tanora, "then, as now, the modish choice among those on the threshold of life". When Denis Irwin was playing for Manchester United, his mother would send him Tanora and Tayto crisps from Cork. In the play "Disco Pigs", Pig orders "Two Battur burgurs! Two Sauce! Two Chips! Two Peas! Two Tanora!".
In April 2011, Tanora was reformulated with a new taste including carrot and blackcurrant flavourings, and new packaging with the subtitle "A Cork legend" was introduced. The new flavour proved unpopular, and a Facebook vote along with taste-tests in Cork retail stores was scheduled to take place during July 2011. The new flavour was later taken off the market and replaced with the old, it kept the same bottle as the new flavour but had original formula on the side so it could be distinguished from the new flavour.

</doc>
<doc id="2882354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882354" title="L&amp;YR Class 27">
L&amp;YR Class 27

The Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Class 27 is a class of 0-6-0 steam locomotive designed for freight work on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway (L&YR).
Construction and operation.
Class 27 locomotives were designed by John Aspinall and 484 were built between 1889 - 1918 at Horwich Works. It was the standard goods engine used by the Lancashire & Yorkshire Railway. Aspinall opted for a two cylinder format with a non superheated round top boiler. David Joy's configuration of valve gear was employed. By the time Aspinall became general manager of the L&YR on 1 July 1899 more than 400 of the simple but powerful engines had been built. More were built under his successors, Henry Hoy and George Hughes, albeit with some modifications. By 1918 there were the 484 locomotives in the class.
Superheating.
Under Hughes, one of the class was subject to early experiments in superheating, the process of increasing the temperature of steam produced in the boiler so the minimum of energy was lost. After months of trials, 20 superheated engines were authorised to be built and the first of the superheated class 27s emerged from Horwich Works in 1909. The superheated 27s had the same boiler pressure as the originals, 180 psi. The first batch had round topped boilers, but in 1912 a second batch of 20 was constructed with Belpaire fireboxes.
Although the class was augmented by 60 engines between 1900 and 1909 and another ten between 1917–18, the last five built reverted to the original 1889 specification.
Ownership changes.
It is a tribute to the soundness, usefulness and simple practicality of Aspinall's design that 300 of the class passed into the ownership of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS) and around 50 were operating in British Railways (BR) service in summer 1960. British Railways took ownership of 235 of the class in 1948 and renumbered them 52088-52529 (with gaps) by the addition of 40000 to their LMS numbers.
Preservation.
One locomotive, 1896-built L&YR number 1300 (later LMS 12322 and BR 52322) has survived and is preserved at the Embsay & Bolton Abbey Steam Railway.
The rebuild.
The rebuild of the Class 27 was the L&YR Class 28, designed by George Hughes.

</doc>
<doc id="2882360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882360" title="Sideswipe (Transformers)">
Sideswipe (Transformers)

Sideswipe is the name of several characters in the Transformers universes. Because of trademark restrictions, toys of the character are sometimes marketed as SideSwipe.
Transformers: Generation 1.
Sideswipe (Lambor in Japan, Frérot Québec, Freccia in Italy) is described in his tech file as a brave but often brash warrior. He is almost as skilled as his twin brother Sunstreaker in combat, but is less ruthless. Sideswipe transformed into a red Lamborghini Countach, while his brother, Sunstreaker, transformed into a yellow Lamborghini Countach. Because of his jetpack, Sideswipe was one of few G1 Autobots with the ability to fly not only fly but the only autobot with due respect capable of space flight as well.
Reception.
In 1984 CBC's The Journal did a report on how some people considered Transformers like Sideswipe and other war toys too violent for children.
Artist Pat Lee says his favorite Transformer is Sideswipe.
Animated series.
Sideswipe was part of the initial crew of Autobots aboard the Ark when it crash-landed on Earth four million years ago. He awakened along with his fellow Transformers in 1984, with both he and his brother being reformatted into Lamborghini sports cars. Sideswipe loaned Optimus Prime the use of his rocket pack when the Decepticons nearly escaped from Earth with a starship full of energon. Throughout Seasons 1 and 2, Sideswipe was voiced by voice actor, Michael Bell.
Sideswipe and Sunstreaker often operated together. When antimatter-fueled Decepticons attacked the Ark on one occasion in the episode "Roll for It", Sideswipe and Sunstreaker took to the air to battle with the incoming seeker jets, in a rambunctious, if ultimately ineffective, display of ""jet judo.""
When investigating tremors that were shaking the Autobot base, Ironhide's scanner found some interesting objects inside a rock wall. Sideswipe, using his piston-like arms, helped Brawn removed the rock wall and found a cave full of dinosaur bones, the discovery of which would lead to the development of the Dinobots.
Towards the end of 1985, Sideswipe is among the team of five Autobots who disguised themselves as the Stunticons. Penetrating the Decepticons' camp, the Autobots ran into trouble when the real Stunticons arrived, trying to prove their identities by forming Menasor. With a combination of Windcharger's magnetic powers and Mirage's illusion-creating ability, the Autobots were able to appear as Menasor too, but the deception was soon revealed, though they were still able to thwart the Decepticons' plans. Another major role for Sideswipe was stopping the Combaticons plot to pull the Earth into the sun, Sideswipe and other Autobots and Decepticons traveled to Cybertron and Sideswipe himself reversed the effects of the plot, saving the Earth.
In an early script for "" there was a scene planned where Sideswipe, Red Alert and Tracks hop off Ultra Magnus to attack Devastator, but they all flee and Red Alert is shot in the back and killed.
Sideswipe appears in the first two episodes of the Japanese series "", participating with Ultra Magnus, the Trainbots, and Prowl on a shootout against the Triple Changers, Soundwave and Sixshot. During a segment of this intense shootout, Sideswipe manages to hit Frenzy and later, after foiling a new Decepticon assault, has also a line.
Books.
Sideswipe appeared in the 1984 sticker and story book "Return to Cybertron" written by Suzanne Weyn and published by Marvel Books.
Sideswipe was featured in the 1985 Transformers audio book "Autobots' Lightning Strike".
Sideswipe appeared in the 1986 story and coloring book "The Lost Treasure of Cybertron" by Marvel Books.
Sideswipe was featured in the 1993 "Transformers: Generation 2" coloring book "Decepticon Madness" by Bud Simpson.
Comics.
3H Enterprises.
Sideswipe returned in the pages of the BotCon exclusive "" comics. He was amongst the Autobot heroes of the Great War welcomed back to Cybertron. However, all of them were transported away by Unicron. Reformatted into a new body, he was forced to fight for Unicron's amusement (and unbeknownst to all, so that the Spark energy from fallen combatants could revitalize his own shattered frame). He ends up fighting his own brother. All were subsequently freed by the resurrected Optimus Primal, and Sideswipe went on to serve him as part of the new Autobot faction.
Although Universe ended at issue #3, the flashback of Optimus Prime would reveal what happened. In the final battle between the forces of Optimus Primal and Unicron, the Chaos-Bringer had disappeared (due to the events of ""), with Primal's forces barely making it out. Sideswipe was among those seen escaping.
Devil's Due Publishing.
In this reimagining of the Generation One story, the Ark was discovered by the terrorist Cobra organization, and all the Transformers inside were reformatted into Cobra vehicles remotely controlled by the Televipers. In this storyline Sideswipe and Sunstreaker both turned into Cobra Stingers. Destro attempted to use them in a battle against G.I. Joe, but the two of them were temporarily put out of commission by Wheeljack. They were later seen fighting the Decepticons on Cobra Island.
Sideswipe reappeared in the third crossover series as part of the combined Autobot/G.I. Joe force trying to rescue Optimus Prime. Sideswipe returned in the fourth crossover as part of a group led by Prowl working with former G.I. Joe leader Hawk to stop the spread of Cybertronian technology on Earth. After failing to apprehend Destro, the group relaxed on their ship - only to be attacked by the Monster Pretenders, with Sideswipe being incapacitated. He was later shown being repaired.
Dreamwave Productions.
Before the civil war between the Autobots and the Decepticons, Sideswipe was a merchant. After the war broke out he joined the Autobots. When Optimus Prime disappeared in an accident with a space bridge, the Autobots splintered into smaller factions. Sideswipe stayed with the main Autobot force, now under the leadership of Prowl.
With the Autobots learned that the Decepticons were testing a new mobile command base at the Praetorus Wharf, Sideswipe was part of a small investigation team led by Prowl. They discovered the mobile command base to be Trypticon and were forced to battle with little chance of success until the giant Decepticon was ordered to leave.
Some time after being reawakened on Earth four million years later, Sideswipe was aboard a ship named 'The Ark II' created by the Autobots and their human allies to end the war on Earth and return to Cybertron. However, the ship was sabotaged and exploded shortly after take-off. The human allies were killed, but Sideswipe and other Autobots were lost in the ocean. Sideswipe and the other lost Autobots were later found by Optimus Prime who used the Matrix to revive them. Sideswipe fought in the battle against the Decepticons in San Francisco, attacking Soundwave with Sunstreaker.
When Ultra Magnus came to Earth claiming that the Earth-based Autobots were Cybertonian criminals; Optimus Prime surrendered and returned to Cybertron with half of his force. Sideswipe was amongst those ordered to stay behind, now under the command of Jazz.
Sideswipe and the other Autobots who remained on Earth were attacked by Starscream and Bruticus. Sideswipe fell in this battle and was later repaired by the Earth Defense Command.
As part of a small group led by Jazz and Marissa Faireborn of the Earth Defense Command to search for missing soldiers and solve the mystery of the deserted city, Sideswipe found and battled the Insecticons along with his twin brother Sunstreaker. After defeating the Insecticons, the Autobots rejoined the other Autobots and were led by Prowl to the site of the future Autobot City: Earth.
Classicverse.
In "Tranformers Invasion" Sideswipe is among the Autobots in Canada who help get people to safety from an Earthquake caused by "Shattered Glass" Ultra Magnus using the Terminus Blade.
Wing of Honor.
Long Haul appears in "A Flash Forward" by Fun Publications. In the year 2005 Devastator attacks Autobot City. He is opposed by Ultra Magnus, Sideswipe, Red Alert and Tracks. Firing every weapon they have, the Autobots are able to force Devastator to break apart into the individual Constructicons. Now outnumbered the Autobots retreated. Red Alert is killed covering the withdrawal, as Megatron watches. These events and others are related to Jhaixus by Runabout and Runamuck in 2013.
Sideswipe appears in the story "" where he is among the reinforcements from Autobot City to respond to the Decepticon attack at the Large Hadron Collider in Switzerland. Once there the Autobots are able to defeat the Decepticons, but during the fight the Autobots are exposed to refined Forestonite, which enhances and mutates Cybertronian systems. He gets enhanced to his "Generation 2" form.
Spark commands an Autobot shuttle crewed by Blaze, Hubcap, Sideswipe, Streetstar and Windbreaker into space where they intercept a distress call from Spike Witwicky on the planet Nebulos. When the Autobots arrive on Nebulos they meet Spike and Carly Witwicky, Chip Chase and the Autobots Brainstorm, Chromedome, Crosshairs and Highbrow who inform them that the Nebulan scientist Hi-Q is missing. They learn from Hi-Q's assistant Hi-Test that Hi-Q had security monitors and through them discover the scientist was kidnapped by the Decepticons Runabout and Runamuck.
IDW Publishing.
Sideswipe made his first IDW Publishing appaearance in the "" issue on Galvatron. Assigned to Hound's unit on Cybertron guarding Thunderwing's body.
Chafing under Hound's command due to Sunstreaker going missing on Earth (in ""), Sideswipe clashed with his superior, even going over his head to call Optimus Prime on Earth, being reprimanded as a result. However, the matter was rendered moot when the mysterious Galvatron appeared, killing Leadfoot. An enraged Sideswipe blasted him, and was blasted aside as a result. While the rest of Hound's unit engaged Galvatron, Sideswipe recovered and blew apart Galvatron's head with a single full-powered shot. As Hound chastised him, the undead Galvatron recovered and rendered the whole unit unconscious with one blast, before leaving with Thunderwing.
Sideswipe and his unit were redeployed to Earth under Optimus Prime's orders in issue #1 of "", but were rediverted to Garrus-9 following the Decepticons' abduction of the Monstructor components.
Sideswipe has appeared among the Autobots on Cybertron in "All Hail Megatron". He now appears to have a form based on the "Universe Classics Series" Sideswipe toy.
Marvel Comics.
In the original "Marvel Transformers" comics, Sideswipe's role was largely similar to that of the animated series, serving as a loyal warrior under Optimus Prime.
Sideswipe joined the list of the long-term injured during the "Dinobot Hunt". He was charged, along with Bluestreak and Huffer, with bringing in the powerful Dinobot, Grimlock. Unfortunately, the party found the mentally ill Grimlock locked in vicious combat with Sludge, who had been planted there by the Decepticons. Sideswipe was seriously injured while trying to contain the situation, but managed at least to put out a distress call, alerting Prowl and Optimus Prime.
He appeared to avoid deactivation by the Underbase powered Starscream, he was not seen again after issue #50 of the US comic.
He appeared again in the Generation 2 comics as part of a raiding party under Grimlock that was outthought and captured by the forces of Jhiaxus. He was freed by Prime, and later appeared battlng the Swarm.
Transformers: Robots in Disguise.
As a release of an unused "Generation 2" Go-Bots mold, the name Side Swipe is reused for the first time on an unrelated toy to the original. This toy did not receive any characterization and did not appear in the show or any other fiction.
Transformers: Armada.
Originally called Stepper in the Japanese series "Micron Legend", he was renamed Sideswipe (with a space) when Hasbro released the series in America. Transforming into a blue Nissan Skyline, Sideswipe's alternate mode is as realistic as an Armada toy can get to an actual vehicle. However, his robot mode is considered by many to be very poorly designed and is the subject of much ridicule.
Note: Early packaging of Sideswipe spelled his name without a space, but it was later added. According to online posts by Hasbro employees there was a mixup in the naming of Sideswipe and Mini-Con Nightbeat, and the original intention was for them to have each other's name, making this toy a true homage to the original Nightbeat.
Animated series.
Sideswipe first appears in the Armada episode "Past"(Part 1) as a rookie in Optimus Prime's squad. He is rather ridiculous and awkward youth. In the animated series it is revealed that once he had been saved from Decepticon execution by Blurr, and has travelled to Earth to join him at last. But Blurr is not too glad to have such a subordinate. So, by Prime's consent, he charges Hot Shot to take care of Sideswipe. Initially Hot Shot is displeased very much that he has to fuss over such a misfit, but he begins to train him, however. When Hot Shot's former friend Wheeljack arrives and attacks him, Sideswipe does his best to defend his trainer. And when Sideswipe himself is taken a prisoner by Wheeljack, Hot Shot immediately races to his rescue. Though the conflagration threatenes to consume them all, Hot Shot abandons the fight to save Sideswipe, successfully getting him out just in time. Since this moment Sideswipe hero-worships his new friend, much to Hot Shot's amusement, though the latter sometimes feels annoyed with such enthusiastic displays of friendship and even tries to get away from his admirer.
Sideswipe always did everything to prove his fighting skill to everyone in practice, but he never had become a great warrior, however. Nevertheless, he proved to be a real boon for the Autobots because of his good understanding of the computers (for example, he succeeded in deciphering the secret access code of the Decepticon Base revealed by Starscream). Later, Sideswipe served as Hot Shot's most loyal soldier when that one briefly took command of the Autobots after Optimus Prime's death.
Dreamwave Productions.
Sideswipe also appeared in Dreamwave's " Transformers: Armada" comic, with a much lesser role. He first appeared in issue #14. He was one of a team of Autobots under Jetfire who investigated odd Space Bridge activity at the Decepticon HQ - unaware it had been taken over by the Heralds of Unicron. Bludgeon was still present, and stalked Jetfire's team. Sideswipe survived relatively unscathed - unlike Blurr and Dropshot - and helped to eventually destroy the samurai Decepticon.
Sideswipe was last seen in issue #18 of the Armada series and did not make any appearances in the Transformers: Energon comic series.
Transformers: Timelines (Shattered Glass).
This Sideswipe (again spelled without a space) is an alternate universe version of the "Generation 1" character from the BotCon exclusive "Shattered Glass" comic, in which the Decepticons are on the side of good and the Autobots are evil.
Although initially an evil Autobot, Sideswipe was betrayed by Optimus Prime - who killed Sideswipe's mentor Drench. Sideswipe repainted himself in Drench's colors while bearing a scar across his chest, and joined the Decepticons to avenge his mentor's death. He is partnered with the Decepticon Micromaster Whisper, who he refers to as his "Mini-Con."
Fun Publications.
Sideswipe appears as a member of Megatron's forces in the "Transformers: Timelines" story "Shattered Glass" by Fun Publications. He befriends a lost Autobot named Cliffjumper, a traveler from another dimension where the Autobots are heroic, and helps the Decepticons in the attack on the Ark launch site.
Sideswipe appears in the fiction "Dungeons & Dinobots", a text based story. He defends the Arch-Ayr fuel dump from an Autobot attack and later helps capture the Dinobots and for the Decepticons. Cliffjumper and Sideswipe then track to an ancient crypt, which ends up being the home of the life-creating computer known as the Omega Terminus. They are joined by the Autobots and , who are also hunting Grimlock. The enemies end up joining forces to fight Grimlock, the Terminus and a host of zombie transformers, including Drench and this world's . They escape, but their memories of the event are suppressed by the Terminus.
In "Do Over", Sideswipe is present when announces the impending launch of the "Nemesis", designed to stop the Autobot warship known as the "Ark". The "Nemesis" launches after the "Ark", and after a brief battle the "Nemesis" is shot down and crashes on Earth, with the crew escaping in stasis pods. Although not directly depicted, Sideswipe is a member of the crew of the "Nemesis".
In "Blitzwing Bop", Sideswipe, and stop a scheme by and to make attack drones from human cars by implanting control devices in the cars in a car wash.
Live-action films.
Sideswipe appears in the and of the live action film series. He transforms into a Chevrolet Corvette Stingray Concept in 2009 and a Chevrolet Centennial Corvette convertible in 2011. He has two wheeled feet like Bonecrusher from the first film. He is armed with two retractable Cybertanium arm blades on each of his wrists in robot mode, along with a pair of guns and a machine gun on his back. Early concept art of Sideswipe portrayed him as being red, but he ended up silver, presumably due to director Michael Bay's notion that the color red does not photograph well on film (the same reason Optimus Prime in the film series is primarily blue over red).
His Hasbro battle bio states that he is 15 ft. tall and that he is a master in almost every form of martial arts on Cybertron.
IDW Publishing.
Sideswipe first appeared in "Transformers: Alliance" #4 as one of the Autobots who responded to Optimus Prime's call to Earth. He joined with Optimus' team as part of NEST.
Sideswipe was spotlighted in "Tales of the Fallen" #2, which revealed the Autobot trained under Ironhide, and was charged with protecting an Autobot colony from the Decepticons. The Decepticon attacked and killed all but Sideswipe, laying waste to the colony. Sideswipe vowed revenge, and upon arriving on Earth, chased after his nemesis without care for any innocent in the crossfire. Ironhide arrived and tried to stop Sideswipe, but it was only when Ironhide called Sideswipe "no better than the enemy" did Sideswipe stand down, and Demolishor escaped.
Sideswipe appears in "Transformers: Nefarious" #1, set months after the events of the 2009 film. steals an RV in Seattle and is chased by and , who keep her occupied until Sideswipe arrives and defeats her. She is taken to N.E.S.T. headquarters on Diego Garcia to be examined by Ratchet. Sideswipe was disgusted by her decision to disguise herself as a human.
Movie plot.
Sideswipe first appears in the chase in Shanghai, China, pursuing the Decepticon . Using his wheeled feet to menuvere, Sideswipe somersaulted over him while shooting at him, then threw one of his arm blades into the front of Sideways' vehicle mode. As he landed, Sideswipe reattached the blade (which was still embedded in Sideways) and forced it lengthwise down Sideways' body, cutting him in half. He was also seen in the fight against the Decepticons after Optimus Prime was killed by Megatron as Bumblebee and the twins escaped with Sam. Sideswipe was surrounded by the human military and forced to go back to the Autobot base alongside Ironhide, Ratchet, Arcee and . They arrived in Egypt and fought against many Decepticons. Sideswipe was the first to spot Sam and watched as Optimus Prime was resurrected. Sideswipe was brushed aside by The Fallen when he teleported in front of them.
Sideswipe returns in "Dark of the Moon" as one of the main Autobots. He accompanied Bumblebee, Que, and Dino when they investigated a nuclear facility in the Middle East. Later he joined Dino/Mirage and Bumblebee in accompanying the humans to find out more about the Space Race. Sideswipe helped Bumblebee and Dino/Mirage fight the three Dreads on the highway, who are after Sentinel Prime, using his vehicle weapons mode to shoot at Hatchet. He then helped Ironhide finish off Crowbar and Crankcase in a "Mexican Standoff" as Sideswipe called it. Sideswipe was expelled from Earth along with the other Autobots and was thought to have perished when Starscream destroyed the Xanthium. He participated in the final battle in Chicago. He was captured by the Decepticons and witnessed the death of Que/Wheeljack. He almost shared Que/Wheeljack's fate but escapes after Wheelie and Brains crash the Decepticon ship. He helps Bumblebee and Ratchet fire at incoming Decepticons, and briefly fights Sentinel Prime alongside them, but he is shot in the shoulder by Sentinel Prime. Sideswipe is among the surviving Autobots at the end of the film.
Sideswipe doesn't return in "Age of Extinction". It is possible that Sideswipe was killed by the humans and Lockdown in between "Dark of the Moon" and "Age of Extinction" or Sideswipe could still be alive and is hiding on the other side of the world.
Cyber Missions.
Sideswipe is shown to be helping Optimus Prime against Megatron. Later he fights against Barricade and Frenzy. Afterwards he helps Ratchet against . Sideswipe is later seen with Ratchet transporting energon when they are attacked by Starscream and Mindwipe.
Video games.
Sideswipe is playable character in the PSP version of "", the video game tie-in to the 2007 live-action "Transformers" film.
He is a part of the Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen Character and Map Pack Plus DLC pack that was released on August 27 on Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3. He is also a playable character in the PSP version and the Autobot Nintendo DS version, which is during Challenge Modes only.
Sideswipe is among the characters who appear in the "TRANSFORMERS CYBERVERSE Battle Builder Game".
Sideswipe is only a playable character in the multiplayer section of the PS3 and Xbox 360 games "Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen" and "Transformers: Dark of the Moon".
Toys.
All toys of this character (except the RPM/Speed Stars diecast cars) are officially licensed from General Motors.
Transformers: Prime.
Books.
Sideswipe appears in the novel "Transformers: Exodus", ', and '.
Games.
Sideswipe is one of the playable Autobots in the 2010 video game "". He, along with and , are captured by the Decepticons and taken to Kaon prison as part of an elaborate plan to free Zeta Prime and other imprisoned Autobots. The trio battle and his minions on their way to rescuing Zeta Prime.
Sideswipe also appears in its sequel "" where he helps get Jazz and Cliffjumper to the Sea of Rust to search for Grimlock.
Sideswipe will also appear in the new game "" as "Fall of Cybertron" Sideswipe.
Transformers Animated.
Sideswipe is one of the BotCon 2011 exclusive figures, painted in his "Generation 2" black and red colors.
Fun Publications.
After the events of "Transformers Animated" the Stunticons set up a Stunt Convoy show in the city of Kaon and used it as cover to attempt to break Megatron out of his detention at Trypticon. Their efforts were thwarted thanks to the efforts of Cheetor, Optimus Prime and Sideswipe. The Stunticons were placed in detention with Megatron and an attempt to rescue them was made by the Decepticons Blot, Mindwipe, Oil Slick, Scalpel, Sky-Byte and Strika.
His tech spec appeared on a lithograph sold at Botcon 2011.
Kre-O Transformers.
Sideswipe is an Autobot who turns into a car.
Fictional biography.
I'm the best sword fighter in the universe. You heard me. In. The. Universe. You need something sliced, diced, or just chopped in half, you give me a call. I'm the secret weapon of the AUTOBOTS. Well, except that the DECEPTICONS know about me.
Hobbies: Sharpening my swords. Cutting things apart. Checking my swords to make sure they're sharp.
Most Prized Possession: My swords. Duh.
Greatest Fear: Anything my swords can't cut. Which is nothing, so I'm fearless!
Animated series.
Kreon Sideswipe appeared in the animated short "Last Bot Standing."
Kreon Sideswipe appeared in the animated short "Bot Stars."
Kreon Sideswipe appeared in the animated short "The Big Race."
Kreon Sideswipe appeared in the animated short "A Gift For Megatron."

</doc>
<doc id="2882368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882368" title="Russian 460 metre radio mast">
Russian 460 metre radio mast

The Russian 460 metres radio masts are among the most secret supertall structures ever built. Three such masts, which were developed by Stako, were erected in mid-1980s near Inta, Dudinka and Taymylyr as masts for the North Siberian Chayka Chain for transmitting navigation signals on 100 kHz with 1200 kW.
All these masts are grounded lattice structures of tubular steel elements with triangular cross section. The side length of the triangle of the mast body is 3.6 metres. Each of these masts is guyed in 6 levels.
These masts were at completion the tallest structures in Asia and are still the second-tallest in Russia.
In 2003 at Moscow Radio Centre 13 a guyed mast for FM-transmission of the same type was built, which is however just 300 metres and not 460 metres tall. It is guyed in 4 levels.
On September 24th, 2009 the mast at Taymylyr was demolished by explosives, which was the tallest object ever demolished in this way.

</doc>
<doc id="2882371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882371" title="Sparrowheart Music">
Sparrowheart Music

Sparrowheart Music is an independent record label founded by singer/songwriter Ainjel Emme and based out of Austin, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="2882373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882373" title="Adaptive unconscious">
Adaptive unconscious

The adaptive unconscious is a set of mental processes influencing judgment and decision making, in a way that is inaccessible to introspective awareness. This conception of the unconscious mind has emerged in cognitive psychology. It was influenced by, but different from, other views on the unconscious mind such as Sigmund Freud's.
The adaptive unconscious is distinguished from conscious processing in a number of ways, including being faster, effortless, more focused on the present, and less flexible.
In other theories of the mind, the unconscious is limited to "low-level" activity, such as carrying out goals which have been decided consciously. In contrast, the adaptive unconscious is thought to be involved in "high-level" cognition such as goal-setting as well.
According to Freud, the unconscious mind stored a lot of mental content which needs to be repressed. The term "adaptive" unconscious reflects the idea that much of what the unconscious does is beneficial to the organism; that its various processes have been streamlined by evolution to quickly evaluate and respond to patterns in an organism's environment.
Introspection illusion.
Although research suggests that much of our preferences, attitudes and ideas come from the adaptive unconscious, subjects themselves do not realise this: they are "unaware of their own unawareness". They give verbal explanations of their own mental processes—for example why they chose one thing rather than another—as if they could directly introspect the causes of their ideas and choices. In some experiments, subjects provide explanations that are clearly confabulated, suggesting that introspection is instead an indirect, unreliable process of inference. It has been argued that this "introspection illusion" underlies a number of perceived differences between the self and other people, because people trust these unreliable introspections when forming attitudes about themselves but not about others. However, this theory of the limits of introspection has been highly controversial, and it has been difficult to test unambiguously how much information individuals get from introspection.

</doc>
<doc id="2882378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882378" title="Bordertown, South Australia">
Bordertown, South Australia

Bordertown is a small South Australian town near the Victorian border. It is where the Dukes Highway and the railway line, the two main routes between Adelaide and Melbourne, cross Tatiara Creek.
Bordertown is the commercial and administrative centre of the Tatiara District Council. "Tatiara" is the local Aboriginal word for "Good Country". Bordertown was established in 1852 when a direct route across the 90-mile desert was being planned for gold escorts from the Victorian goldfields to Adelaide. Police Inspector Alexander Tolmer was instructed to create a town as close as practical to the border. Tolmer was upset when the town was not named after him, but that was made up for by naming several site around Bordertown after him, such as Tolmer Park and Tolmer Takeaway.
Governance.
Bordertown is in the state electoral district of MacKillop and the federal Division of Barker. It is the birthplace of former Prime Minister of Australia, Bob Hawke.
Landmarks.
Bordertown is home to the historic Clayton Farm Heritage Museum. It is also famous for its white Kangaroos which have been bred for zoos and animal shelters around Australia. The lightning clock on the main street marks the site of the first electricity source. 
Transport.
Bordertown is on the main routes by road and rail between Adelaide and Melbourne. There are several bus services daily towards each of Adelaide, Melbourne, and Mount Gambier. "The Overland" train stops twice a week each way. Most rail traffic is freight passing through, although the local grain silos are also served by rail. In 2012, the crossing loop at Bordertown Railway Station was lengthened to 1500m.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2882388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882388" title="Maine Maritime Academy">
Maine Maritime Academy

Maine Maritime Academy is a public post-secondary college and nautical training institution with approximately 900 students, located in Castine, Maine, United States. The Academy was established by the 90th Maine Legislature on March 21, 1941. Maine Maritime Academy is a public college. Costs of admission are comparable to the nearby University of Maine. Unlike federal service academies, a congressional recommendation is not required to attend this state school. Students are not obligated to go to sea or into the military after graduation, and a large portion of the graduating class chooses shore-side employment, often in maritime related fields or the power generation industry.
Maine Maritime Academy is one of six maritime training colleges in the United States, and one of only two of these maritime academies which fields a Navy Reserve Officers Training Corps (NROTC) unit. The college is affiliated under the New England Association of Schools and Colleges. Maine Maritime Academy is the only business, residence, or organization to receive mail at the US ZIP code 04420.
Academics.
The academy offers undergraduate bachelor's degrees with a choice of 11 different majors:
The academy offers two-year associate degrees in:
The academy also offers three graduate level programs in Global Supply Chain Management, International Business and Maritime Management leading to a Master of Science through its Loeb-Sullivan School of International Business and Logistics.
Maine Maritime Academy has aggressive co-op and internship programs. Students from all engineering majors and the Marine Transportation Operations major are required to complete at least one co-op. Some majors are required to complete two co-ops. Students in Regiment of Midshipmen have the opportunity and/or requirement to participate in two cruises with the Training Ship "State of Maine" (TSSOM). Students in the Small Vessel Operations major have the opportunity to sail with the schooner "Bowdoin" on its yearly training cruise.
Maine Maritime Academy has recently been ranked as one of the nation's top baccalaureate colleges in the 2009 edition of America's Best Colleges by U.S. News & World Report. For the second consecutive year Maine Maritime was placed as 10th overall in the listing of public and private colleges located in the northern region, a region defined by the publication as spanning the eastern coast of United States from Maryland to Maine.
Athletics.
Maine Maritime teams participate as a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association's Division III. The Mariners are a member of the North Atlantic Conference (NAC). Men's sports include basketball, cross country, football, golf, lacrosse, sailing, volleyball and soccer; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, sailing, soccer, lacrosse and volleyball.

</doc>
<doc id="2882394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882394" title="Andrea Pozzo">
Andrea Pozzo

Andrea Pozzo (; Latinized version: "Andreas Puteus"; 30 November 1642 – 31 August 1709) was an Italian Jesuit Brother, Baroque painter and architect, decorator, stage designer, and art theoretician.
Pozzo was best known for his grandiose frescoes using illusionistic technique called quadratura, in which architecture and fancy are intermixed. His masterpiece is the nave ceiling of the Church of Sant'Ignazio in Rome. Through his techniques, he has become one of the most remarkable figures of the Baroque period. He is also noted for the architectural plans of the Ljubljana Cathedral (1700), inspired by the designs of the Jesuit churches Il Gesù and S. Ignazio in Rome.
Early years.
Born in Trento (then under Austrian rule), he did his Humanities at the local Jesuit High School. Showing artistic inclinations he was sent by his father to work with an artist; Pozzo was then 17 years old (in 1659). From aspects of his early style this initial artistic training came probably from Palma il Giovane. After three years he passed under the guidance of another unidentified painter from the workshop of Andrea Sacchi who appears to have taught him the techniques of Roman High Baroque. He would later travel to Como and Milan.
As a Jesuit.
On 25 December 1665, he entered the Jesuit Order as a lay brother. In 1668, he was assigned to the "Casa Professa of San Fidele" in Milan, where his festival decorations in honour of Francis Borgia recently canonised (1671) met general approval. He continued artistic training in Genoa and Venice. His early paintings attest the influence of the Lombard School : rich colour, graphic chiaroscuro. When he painted in Genoa the "Life of Jesus" for the "Congregazione de' Mercanti", he was undoubtedly inspired by Peter Paul Rubens.
Decorating churches.
Pozzo's artistic activity was related to the new (relative to Catholic Church's medieval monastic orders) Order's enormous artistic needs; since many of the Jesuit churches were built in recent decades and were devoid of painted decoration. He was frequently employed by the Jesuits to decorate churches and buildings such as their churches of Modena, Bologna and Arezzo. In 1676, he decorated the interior of San Francis Xavier church in Mondovì. In this church one can already see his later illusionistic techniques : fake gilding, bronze-coloured statues, marbled columns and a trompe-l'oeil dome on a flat ceiling, peopled with foreshortened figures in architectural settings. This was his first large fresco.
In Turin (1678) Pozzo painted the ceiling of the Jesuit church of SS. Martiri. The frescoes gradually deteriorated through water infiltration. They were replaced in 1844 by new paintings by Luigi Vacca. Only fragments of the original frescoes survive.
Called to Rome.
In 1681, Pozzo was called to Rome by Giovanni Paolo Oliva, Superior General of the Jesuits. Among others, Pozzo worked for Livio Odescalchi, the powerful nephew of the pope, Innocent XI. Initially he was used as a stage designer for biblical pageants, but his illusionistic paintings in perspective for these stages gave him soon a reputation as a virtuoso in wall and ceiling decorations.
The Gesù rooms.
His first Roman frescoes were in the corridor linking the Church of the Gesù to the rooms where St.Ignatius had lived. His trompe l'oeil architecture and paintings depicting the Saint's life for the "Camere di San Ignazio" (1681–1686), blended well with already existing paintings by Giacomo Borgognone.
The St Ignatius' Church.
His masterpiece, the illusory perspectives in frescoes [http://www.insecula.com/contact/A010775.html/] of the dome, the apse and the ceiling of Rome's Jesuit church of Sant'Ignazio ("illustrations right and below") were painted between 1685–1694 and are emblematic of the dramatic conceits of High Roman Baroque. For several generations, they set the standard for the decoration of Late Baroque ceiling frescos throughhout Catholic Europe. Compare this work to Gaulli's masterpiece in the other major Jesuit church in Rome, Il Gesù.
The church of "Sant'Ignazio" remained unfinished with bare ceilings even after its consecration in 1642. Disputes with the original donors, the Ludovisi, prevented the completion of the planned dome. Pozzo expediently proposed to make an illusionistic dome, when viewed from inside, by painting on canvas. It was impressive to viewers, but controversial; some feared the canvas would soon darken.
On the flat ceiling he painted an allegory of the "Apotheosis of S. Ignatius", in breathtaking perspective. The painting, 17 m in diameter, is devised to make an observer, looking from a spot marked by a brass disc set into the floor of the nave, seem to see a lofty vaulted roof decorated by statues, while in fact the ceiling is flat. The painting celebrates the apostolic goals of Jesuit missionaries, eager to expand the reach of Roman Catholicism in other continents. The Counter-Reformation also encouraged a combative Catholicism. For example, rather than placing the usual evangelists or scholarly pillars of doctrine in the pendentives, Pozzo depicted the victorious warriors of the old testament: "Judith and Holofernes"; "David and Goliath"; Jael and Sisera; and "Samson and the Philistines". It is said that when completed, some said (sic)"Sant'Ignazio was a good place to buy meat, since four new butchers are now there."
In the nave fresco, light comes from God the Father to the Son who transmits it to St. Ignatius, whence it breaks into four rays leading to the four continents. Pozzo explained that he illustrated the words of Christ in Luke: "I am come to send fire on the earth", and the words of Ignatius: "Go and set everything aflame". A further ray illuminates the name of Jesus (2). The attention to movement within a large canvas with deep perspective in the scene, including a heavenly assembly whirling above, and the presence space-enlarging illusory architecture offered an example which was copied in several Italian, Austrian, German and Central European churches of the Jesuit order.
The architecture of the trompe-l'oeil dome ("illustration, left") seems to erase and raise the ceiling with such a realistic impression that it is difficult to distinguish what is real or not. Andrea Pozzo painted this ceiling and trompe-l'oeil dome on a canvas, 17 m wide. The paintings in the apse depict scenes from the life of St. Ignatius, St Francis Xavier and St Francis Borgia.
St Ignatius chapel (Gesù).
In 1695 he was given the prestigious commission, after winning a competition against Sebastiano Cipriani and Giovanni Battista Origone, for an altar in the St. Ignatius chapel in the left transept of the Church of the Gesù. This grandiose altar above the tomb of the saint, built with rare marbles and precious metals, shows the Trinity, while four lapis lazuli columns (these are now copies) enclose the colossal statue of the saint by Pierre Legros. It was the coordinated work of more than 100 sculptors and craftsmen, among them Pierre Legros, Bernardino Ludovisi, Il Lorenzone and Jean-Baptiste Théodon. Andrea Pozzo also designed the altar in the Chapel of St Francesco Borgia in the same church.
Altars in St Ignatius church.
In 1697 he was asked to build similar Baroque altars with scenes from the life of St Ignatius in the apse of the Sant'Ignazio church in Rome. These altars house the relics of St. Aloysius Gonzaga and of St. John Berchmans.
Other works of art.
Meanwhile he continued painting frescoes and illusory domes in Turin, Mondovì, Modena, Montepulciano and Arezzo. In 1681 he was asked by Cosimo III de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany to paint his self-portrait for the ducal collection (now in the Uffizi in Florence). This oil on canvas has become a most original self-portrait. It shows the painter in a diagonal pose, showing with his right index finger his illusionist easel painting (a trompe-l'oeil dome, perhaps of the Badia church in Arezzo) while his left hand rests on three books (probably alluding to his not-yet published treatises on perspective). The painting was sent to the duke in 1688. He also painted scenes from the life of St Stanislaus Kostka in the saint's rooms of the Jesuit noviciate of Sant'Andrea al Quirinale in Rome.
In Vienna.
In 1694 Andrea Pozzo had explained his illusory techniques in a letter to Anton Florian, Prince of Liechtenstein and ambassador of Emperor Leopold I to the Papal Court in Rome. Recommended by Prince Liechtenstein to the emperor, Andrea Pozzo, on the invitation of Leopold I, moved in 1702 (1703?) to Vienna.There he worked for the sovereign, the court, Prince Johann Adam von Liechtenstein, and various religious orders and churches, such as the frescoes and the trompe-l'oeil dome in the Jesuit Church. Some of his tasks were of a decorative, occasional character (church and theatre scenery), and these were soon destroyed.
His most significant surviving work in Vienna is the monumental ceiling fresco of the Hercules Hall of the Liechtenstein garden palace (1707), an "Admittance of Hercules to Olympus", which, according to the sources, was very admired by contemporaries. Through illusionistic effects, the architectural painting starts unfolding at the border of the ceiling, while the ceiling seems to open up into a heavenly realm filled with Olympian gods.
Some of his Viennese altarpieces have also survived (Vienna's Jesuit church). His compositions of altarpieces and illusory ceiling frescoes had a strong influence on the Baroque art in Vienna. He also had many followers in Hungary, Bohemia, Moravia, Slovakia, and even in Poland. His canvases show him to be a far less compelling a painter at close inspection.
Writings.
Pozzo published his artistic ideas in a noted theoretical work, entitled "Perspectiva pictorum et architectorum" (2 volumes, 1693, 1698) illustrated with 118 engravings, dedicated to emperor Leopold I. In it he offered instruction in painting architectural perspectives and stage-sets. The work was one of the earliest manuals on perspective for artists and architects and went into many editions, even into the 19th century, and has been translated from the original Latin and Italian into numerous languages such as French, German, English and, Chinese thanks to Pozzo's Jesuit connection.
Architect.
There are a few architectural designs in his book "Perspectiva pictorum et architectorum", indicating that he didn't make any designs before 1690. These designs were not realized, but the design for the S. Apollinare church in Rome was used for the Jesuit church of S Francesco Saverio (1700–1702) in Trento. The interior of this church was equally designed by Pozzo.
At about the same time, between 1701 and 1702, he designed the Jesuit churches of San Bernardo and Chiesa del Gesù in Montepulciano. But his plans for the last church were only partly realized.
Death.
He died in Vienna in 1709 at a moment when he intended to return to Italy to design a new Jesuit church in Venice. He was buried with great honours in one of his best realisations, the Jesuit church in Vienna. Agostino Collaceroni was also a pupil.
His brother, Giuseppe Pozzo, a Discalced Carmelite friar in Venice, was also a painter. He decorated the high altar of the Church of the "Scalzi" in that city during the last years of the 17th century.

</doc>
<doc id="2882406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882406" title="Abadiño">
Abadiño

Abadiño is a town located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, in the north of Spain, about 35 km from the provincial capital of Bilbao.
Athletic Bilbao players Ustaritz Aldekoaotalora and Ander Iturraspe were born in Abadiño.

</doc>
<doc id="2882407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2882407" title="L&amp;YR Class 23">
L&amp;YR Class 23

The Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway (L&YR) Class 23 is a class of 0-6-0ST steam locomotive. Their main use was for shunting and for short-trip freight working.
Construction.
The Class 23 0-6-0ST locomotives were rebuilt at Horwich Works by Aspinall between 1891 and 1900, using the frames, wheels etc. from earlier Barton Wright 0-6-0 tender engines, built 1876-1887. 230 were so converted.
Ownership changes.
The class was long-lived. The first loco was withdrawn in 1926 by the London Midland and Scottish Railway, but the last survived in use until 1964 with British Railways London Midland Region. 101 were in service at Nationalisation, 20 still in service in 1961.
Preservation.
One locomotive, L&YR 752 (LMS 11456), is now preserved, having been sold to the NCB for continued operation and is nearing the end of an overhaul to bring it back to working order by its owners, The Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Trust, a Registered Charity reg no 1002627.

</doc>
