<doc id="2922507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922507" title="Disruptive Pattern Material">
Disruptive Pattern Material

Disruptive Pattern Material (DPM) is the commonly used name of a camouflage pattern used by the British Armed Forces as well many other armies worldwide, particularly in former British colonies.
The main variants of DPM are a four-colour woodland pattern, and desert patterns in two, three or four colours.
DPM has also been produced in black/white/grey, in various blue tones and even in purples (this last for the Swazi Royal Guard).
DPM is currently being phased out in British military service, being superseded by Multi-Terrain Pattern.
History.
The British Army first used a form of DPM for the famous Denison smock issued to the Parachute Regiment and British Commandos from the early 1940s. The first examples of this design were said to be hand-painted. The Denison smock design went through minor changes, and continued in use with the Royal Marines and the Parachute Regiment (until the 1970s).
1960 Pattern.
From 1960, the British Army had been issued with the 1960 Pattern field-uniform range to replace the World War II-era khaki Battle Dress. This consisted of a "Smock, Combat", "Trousers, Combat", a "Hood, Combat" attached to the smock by the two epaulette buttons, and a third concealed under the collar; and for exceptionally cold conditions, a Parka.
The first, limited, use of DPM.
A new British DPM was developed in the early 1960s, using the four basic western European temperate colours of black, dark brown, mid-green and a dark sand to make a very effective camouflage that has survived in its basic design, with no more than slight changes to the colours and pattern, until current times.
This design was probably used first on a very small scale for a hooded "Smock, Windproof, 1963 Pattern", issued only to special forces.
In 1966 the Army introduced, though not universally, a camouflage field uniform. Known informally as the 1966 Pattern, it was in fact identical in design to the 1960 Pattern kit, though of course now made in DPM fabric. It is labelled, like the earlier plain olive green version, "Smock, Combat, 1960 Pattern" and "Trousers, Combat, 1960 Pattern".
The 1966 DPM range did not completely replace the plain olive green 1960 Pattern Smock and Trousers, which continued to be worn widely until the 1968 DPM kit was issued. Both the Royal Marines and the Parachute Regiment continued to wear the "Trousers, Combat, 1960 Pattern" with the Denison smock, and examples of these trousers were made even after 1968. These units eventually stopped issuing the Denison smock (in mid to late 1970s) and adopted smocks in the general-issue DPM while still for a time wearing the plain olive 1960 Pattern Trousers.
The 1968 Pattern range—the first general use of DPM.
Before the 1966 Pattern equipment had reached all units a slightly revised design of "Smock, Combat" and "Trousers, Combat" were introduced as the 1968 Pattern range. The 1966 Pattern DPM fabric design was changed very little for the 1968 issue, and it seems that the 1968 Pattern garments were made for some time in the two very similar DPM fabrics. A "Hood, Combat, DPM", made of DPM cotton fabric and with a plain olive green lining, was also included in the range, fastened as required to the back of the Smock with the two epaulette buttons and a third under the collar.
In doing this the British Army was the first to adopt a camouflage uniform universally.
For the Royal Marines, which had a responsibility for NATO's northern flank, a "Smock, Windproof, Arctic" and "Trousers, Windproof, Arctic" were introduced circa 1972. These were made in a lightweight, but wind-proof, DPM fabric and could be worn over quilted jacket and trousers in extreme cold conditions. The design of both smock and trousers differ radically from both the standard and para designs. The smock is long and loose-fitting, and incorporates a voluminous wired-rim hood, while the trousers have zips in the lower leg to allow them to be put on over boots.
In the mid 1970s a new Smock Parachutist DPM (Para smock) was introduced for the Parachute Regiment and other airborne units. Though made in the 1968 Pattern cotton fabric, its design was closer to that of its predecessor, the Denison smock.
At the same time a "Smock, Sniper", was introduced, based heavily on the Smock Parachutist DPM and sharing many of its details. It was distinguished by its padded elbows and shoulders, relocated lower pockets, multiple loops for securing natural camouflage material and hooks for the rifle sling.
During the late 1970s, batches of the 1968 Pattern camouflage were used by the USAF Police Tactical Neutralisation Teams at RAF Upper Heyford as a temporary stand-in for the ERDL/M81 Woodland fatigues.
Later developments.
The pattern was changed slightly with subsequent issues. On early 1960 (manufactured from 1966) and 1968 Pattern DPM uniforms the sand coloured base would appear to lighten in tone at night, becoming dangerously conspicuous. This was addressed in the late 1970s, when the sand and brown colours were slightly darkened. The 1985 Pattern has fewer, less precise dots and the brown is much darker; 1990 and later has a band of new shapes and is smaller; 1994 has an orangey colour instead of a tan. Tropical poly-cotton DPM uniforms varied even more; early versions were very brightly coloured notably with a russet brown and emerald green which faded to rather unexpected pastel tones of blueish green and pink-brown with washing. Late 1970s and early 1980s Tropicals have a more yellowish sand base and are greatly sought-after by those wishing to appear "ally," while the final production style in the early 1990s used colours closer to temperate uniforms.
DPM items in the Combat Soldier 95 (CS95) clothing system have similar colours to the 1966 uniform. However, instead of all four colours being printed onto a whitish base, the material is in fact woven in the sand shade and overprinted only with three colours. This leads to a loss in contrast between the colours after washing and wear, and the clothing tends to appear darker when wet than previous types.
Although slight changes have been made to DPM and the colours, the pattern is easy to recognise. There are also jungle versions of DPM where the colours are brighter, and on one variation the tan is darker than the green. A desert variant was first issued on a limited basis in the late 1980s. This appeared very similar, but consisted of subdued sand and khaki hues. This was replaced by a two-colour version by 1990 because four-colour versions had been adopted by some Middle Eastern countries, notably Iraq.
From 1990 a system of Personal Load Carrying Equipment (PLCE) was introduced, initially produced in olive green. The olive type was quickly replaced in production by a DPM version, and now almost all British issue webbing and rucksacks are DPM.
Current issued DPM equipment is IRR (Infra-red Reflective) coated. This coating has a specific reflective wavelength in order to blend in with natural colours in the infra-red light spectrum. This reduces the visibility of soldiers to night vision devices, which detect infra-red light, as trees and other green plants reflect deep red and infra-red light (the Wood Effect).
Replacement.
Multi-Terrain Pattern (MTP) is a six-colour camouflage pattern intended to replace both the four colour woodland DPM uniform and the desert pattern uniform used by the British Armed forces. MTP was procured and announced in late 2009, predicated around use in the Afghanistan theatre of operations but applicable to other theatres. A range of patterns were trialled and evaluated in Britain, Cyprus, Kenya and Afghanistan against DPM, desert patterns and existing commercially available patterns. In April 2010 MTP combat uniforms began being issued to forces deployed in Afghanistan. It is intended for DPM to phased out completely for British forces by 2016.

</doc>
<doc id="2922513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922513" title="Cross-site tracing">
Cross-site tracing

In web security, cross-site tracing (abbreviated "XST") is a network security vulnerability exploiting the HTTP TRACE method.
XST scripts exploit ActiveX, Flash, or any other controls that allow executing an HTTP TRACE request. The HTTP TRACE response includes all the HTTP headers including authentication data and HTTP cookie contents, which are then available to the script. In combination with cross domain access flaws in web browsers, the exploit is able to collect the cached credentials of any web site, including those utilizing SSL.

</doc>
<doc id="2922515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922515" title="Sam's Town Gambling Hall, Kansas City">
Sam's Town Gambling Hall, Kansas City

Sam's Town Gambling Hall, Kansas City was a riverboat casino in Kansas City, Missouri, docked at I-435 and MO-210. It was also owned and operated by Boyd Gaming Corporation.
History.
In September 1995, Sam's Town Gambling Hall, Kansas City opened as the third casino under the brand, and the 5th casino in the Kansas City area.
In February 1996 Sam's Town dropped the admission fee that had run as high as $9 per person. This fee was used in the past to pay for the $2 per person fee the casinos were required to pay to the state.
After poor results, Boyd closed this location in July 1998, selling many of its assets to Harrah's Entertainment for $12.5 million. The boat is not docked at the property, which is now owned and maintained by the Cerner Corporation as their Riverport campus.
Shreveport, Louisiana.
Sam's Town also operates a location downtown Shreveport, Louisiana next to El Dorado Casino. Both of these operate on river boats to bypass legal stipulations against land based casinos in Louisiana. 

</doc>
<doc id="2922532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922532" title="Stowbtsy">
Stowbtsy

Stowbtsy (, "Stoŭbcy", ) or Stolbtsy (; ; ) is a town in Minsk Region, Belarus, the administrative center of the Stowbtsy Raion (Stolbtsy district). It is located at the Neman River. The population is approximately 15,400.
History.
The city was founded in 1593. For a long time it was a "shtetl" with significant Jewish population.
In August 1924, while Stowbtsy was part of the Second Polish Republic, the town was the site of a Soviet-Polish border incident in which a company of Soviet raiders attacked its police station and government building in order to free two imprisoned communist activists (see Soviet raid on Stołpce).

</doc>
<doc id="2922542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922542" title="John Forbes Royle">
John Forbes Royle

John Forbes Royle (1799 – 2 January 1858), British botanist and teacher of materia medica, was born in Kanpur (then Cawnpore) in 1799. Entering the service of the East India Company as assistant surgeon, he devoted himself to studying botany and geology, and made large collections among the Himalaya Mountains. He also investigated the medical properties of the plants of Hindustan and the history of their uses among the native races. The results of these investigations appeared in an essay "On the Antiquity of Hindu Medicine" (1837). For nearly ten years he held the post of superintendent of the East India Company's botanic garden in the Himalayas at Saharanpur. In 1837 he was appointed to the professorship of materia medica in King's College London, which he held till 1856. From 1838 onwards be conducted a special department of correspondence, relating to vegetable products, at the East India House, and at the time of his death he had just completed there an extensive and valuable museum of technical products from the East Indies. In 1851 he superintended the Indian department of the Great Exhibition. He died at Acton near London on 2 January 1858.
The work on which his reputation chiefly rests is the "Illustrations of the Botany and other branches of Natural History of the Himalayan Mountains", and of the "Flora of Cashmere", in 2 vols. begun in 1839. In addition he wrote "An Essay on the Productive Resources of India" (1840), "On the Culture and Commerce of Cotton in India and Elsewhere" (1851) and "The Fibrous Plants of India fitted for Cordage" (1855), together with papers in scientific journals. He contributed most of the plant entries in "The Cyclopedia of Biblical Literature" edited by John Kitto. This botanist is denoted by the author abbreviation Royle when citing a botanical name.
His descendants include:

</doc>
<doc id="2922545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922545" title="Dhurjati">
Dhurjati

Dhurjati (or Dhoorjati) () (c. 15th and 16th centuries, CE) was a Telugu poet in the court of the king Krishnadevaraya and was one of the "astadiggajalu" (literally eight legends) there.
Biography.
He was born to Singamma and Narayana in Sri Kalahasti and was the grandson of Jakkayya. He was a great devotee of lord Shiva, also known as "Kalahasteeshwara." He referred to his birthplace as part of "Pottapi Nadu", named after an earlier Chola kingdom based from Pottapi in Cuddapah in his works.
Works.
His works are to the praise of the God Shiva. His famous works include "Sri Kalahasteeshwara Mahatyam" (The grace/miracles of lord Shiva) and "Sri Kalahasteeshwara Satakam" (100+ poems in the praise of lord Shiva).
He was known as "Pedda Dhurjati" (Elder in Telugu) Dhurjati as there were four other people from the same family line who went by the name of Dhurjati during the same period and after him. His grandson "Venkataraya Dhurjati" wrote "Indumati Parinayam"(marriage of Indumati), a story from Kalidasa's Raghuvamsam.
He is also credited with many chatuvus, stand alone extempore poems.
Style.
Like other contemporaries during Prabandha period, he has taken themes from Puranas and added local stories and myths in his work. Unlike his contemporaries like Peddana and Mallana, who have chosen the stories of kings for their works, he choose devotion as the theme of his fiction.
Krishnadevaraya has praised Dhurjati in the following way ""Stutimati yaina Andhrakavi Dhurjati palkulakelagalgeno yetulita madhuri mahima..."" (How is Dhurjati's poetry so immeasurably beautiful) 

</doc>
<doc id="2922559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922559" title="Shilton">
Shilton

Shilton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2922561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922561" title="The Lady Tasting Tea">
The Lady Tasting Tea

The Lady Tasting Tea: How Statistics Revolutionized Science in the Twentieth Century (ISBN 0-8050-7134-2) is a book by David Salsburg about the history of modern statistics and the role it played in the development of science and industry.
The title comes from the "lady tasting tea", an example from the famous book, "The Design of Experiments", by Ronald A. Fisher. Regarding Fisher's example, the statistician Debabrata Basu wrote that "the famous case of the 'lady tasting tea'" was "one of the two supporting pillars . . . of the randomization analysis of experimental data".

</doc>
<doc id="2922566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922566" title="Roman Brady">
Roman Brady

Roman Augustus Brady is a fictional character from the long running NBC soap opera, "Days of Our Lives". The role was originated in 1981 by Wayne Northrop who played the role until 1984, was filled by Drake Hogestyn from 1986-1991, again by Northrop from 1991-1994, and is currently being portrayed by series veteran, Josh Taylor who stepped into the role in 1997.
Casting.
The role was originated on December 8, 1981 by Wayne Northrop. Northrop's Roman departed from the series on November 26, 1984. On November 27, 1985, the series introduced a character known as The Pawn The role was portrayed by Robert Poynton until January 20, 1986, though the character's face is wrapped in bandages. On January 23, 1986, Pawn's bandages are finally removed as Drake Hogestyn made his first appearance as John Black, a character with no memory of his past or knowledge of his real identity. In May 1986, Hogestyn's character of John is revealed to be Roman with extensive plastic surgery and Hogestyn played the role written as Roman until 1991. When Northrop returned as Roman on August 30, 1991, the character that Hogestyn had been portraying for five years was retconned to be an entirely different character that had been brainwashed to believe he was Roman Brady. Northrop once again departed from the series on August 2, 1994. On July 18, 1997, Josh Taylor appeared in the role as a recast of Roman Brady. The casting was met criticism due to Taylor's previous portrayal of Chris Kositchek, one of Roman and Marlena's closest friends. Northrop was later recast as another new character, Dr. Alex North, and scenes from Northrop's time playing Roman were edited to create the new character's backstory.
Characterization.
Roman is a police captain and detective in the fictional midwestern town of Salem. He is also a former agent with the fictional International Security Alliance (ISA), a spy agency focused on the unusually high-level and global criminal conspiracies that tended to center around his otherwise-quiet home town. During his portrayal by Northrop, he was established as a top-notch cop but also a bit of a renegade, often accepting deep-cover assignments, and a master of disguise (similarly to Sherlock Holmes). Hogestyn's character was more by-the-book on the job, although still dangerous with a dark side somewhat characteristic of an ex-spy (which later fed into the "John Black" persona), and more of a ladies' man. Taylor's portrayal is more that of a "regular guy", with a bit less intrigue and more straightforward professionally, although still with an eye for the ladies and more inclined to engage in a one night stand than the character as portrayed by Northrop or Hogestyn (with women such as Kate Roberts, Billie Reed, ex-wife Anna DiMera, and a strongly hinted at - but never confirmed - rendezvous with Nicole Walker).
Storylines.
1981–84.
Roman Brady first appeared on Days to protect Marlena Evans from a serial killer. He slept on her floor. The chemistry between the actors, and the characters, led to love. In 1983 on Days of Our Lives, Roman and Marlena were married. Over the next year Roman became embroiled in a storyline with Stefano DiMera. Stefano was a crime figure from Europe who had come to town, and Roman being the top cop had gone after him. Subsequently Stefano framed Roman for serial killings that were being committed by his nephew Andre DiMera. At the time Marlena saw Roman killing a woman. Later it was shown that Andre had used a realistic mask. Roman was jailed. Mrs. Alice Horton baked him some drugged doughnuts, and on the way to the hospital Roman escaped. He went on the run to prove his innocence, and he accomplished that. He was promoted, and Stefano was on the run.
In November 1984 Roman tracked Stefano to an island. Many other characters had crash landed too. Stefano was suffering from incurable cancer, and needed three prisms, to cure himself. Roman caught up to him on a cliff, but Stefano pulled a gun. He shot Roman, who seemingly fell to his death. His brother Bo cradled him in his arms, but had to leave him for a few minutes. When he returned the body was gone. Several episodes later Roman's body was shown aboard Stefano's yacht.
1986–1990.
In 1986 an amnesiac known only as "The Pawn" appears in Salem on January 23, 1986. He soon names himself "John Black". Eventually the character is revealed to be Roman Brady having had a facelift and brainwashed by Stefano DiMera. The character resumes his life as Roman.
1991–94.
After believing that Roman's wife, Marlena Evans had been dead for some years, he had fallen in love with a woman named Isabella Toscano. In 1991 Marlena turns up alive. In August 1991 the character who had been presumed as Roman Brady since 1986 is retroactively revealed to be a separate character (now once against called John Black) who was brainwashed to believe he was Roman, when what would now be the real Roman (once again played by Wayne Northrop) was found on an island where he had been imprisoned by Stefano. Roman was shocked when he found he had been replaced and all his family had accepted John Black as him and John Black had a difficult time accepting he was not really Roman. Roman went back to his life, and he and Marlena tried to live once again as man and wife. After the death of Isabella, in his grief John turned to Marlena for comfort. The two found themselves unable to resolve their feelings for each other from their life together when John believed himself to be Roman. He and Marlena had an affair that resulted in the birth of a daughter, Isabella "Belle" Brady, named after Isabella Toscano, whom Roman believed to be his own daughter. When he discovered that Marlena and John had an affair and that Belle was not his real daughter, Roman was crushed. In 1994 Roman left town broken and bitter, once again with no family. Later it was said that Roman had died on a mission for the ISA.
1997—.
In 1997 Josh Taylor was brought in as Roman, who was revealed alive.
Roman was "killed" during the Salem Stalker Murders in 2004, but again was revealed to not really be dead. He lived on the island of Melaswen (New Salem) with every other victim from the Salem Stalker Murders, including Marlena. Eventually, other Salemites arrived on the island, trying to find their "dead" loved ones. Some of them went out in the jungle, looking for a way off the island, while the rest remained in "Salem" waiting for help. Help finally arrived. Jennifer got to the island, then Hope and Patrick and finally Bo and John. Everyone banded together to get off the island, but Tony wasn't going to make it easy. He created a volcanic eruption, which eventually caused a giant wave. As everyone gathered on makeshift rafts to get off the island, the wave crashed over them. The Coast Guard arrived and managed to rescue some of them, but Roman, Marlena, Jack, and his daughter Cassie were not saved. They were in the clutches of Tony DiMera once again, and he took them to a remote European castle where he held them captive.
While in the castle, Tony DiMera (actually Andre DiMera) tormented Roman and Marlena with video of John and Kate growing ever closer back in Salem. Eventually, they believed the two of them had sex, and Roman and Marlena, needing comfort, had sex as well. Shortly thereafter, Jack made his way into their room. They escaped! Through fire and explosions, our group of intrepid Salemites – Marlena, Roman, Jack and Cassie – all got out and were on their way home.
On the ISA jet on the way back to Salem, Roman and Marlena made the decision to not tell Kate and John that they had sex. Marlena was uncomfortable with lying to John, but eventually agreed with Roman. When they arrived back they were shocked to learn that John and Kate had fallen in love and were engaged to be married, but Roman and Marlena still didn't tell the truth about their affair. Soon after they were back Marlena discovered that she was pregnant and that Roman had to be the father, but when the truth came out John wasn't too forgiving. During a fight between Roman and John, Marlena tumbled down the stairs, causing a miscarriage.

</doc>
<doc id="2922567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922567" title="Public service obligation">
Public service obligation

In transportation law of the European Union, public service obligation or PSO is an arrangement in which a governing body or other authority offers an auction for subsidies, thereby permitting the winning company a monopoly to operate a specified service of public transport for a specified period of time for the given subsidy. This is done in cases where there is not enough revenue for routes to be profitable in a free market, but where there is a socially desirable advantage in this transport being available. The use of PSO can be applied to many mode of transport, including air, sea, road or rail. In many cases the introduction of PSO has been a way to privatize former government owned transport. The infrastructure is often separated from the operation, and may be owned by the governing body or by a third party. The authority may also maintain the ownership of the vehicles, such as ferries or rolling stock.
Traditionally, public transport has been operated through a company wholly owned by the state with monopoly, like a national railway company. Alternatively, private companies were granted privileges (with or without subsidies) granting them a monopoly. In later years many markets have been deregulated, especially in Europe, paying the lowest bidding operator to carry out the traffic at regular auctions.
Specification.
The authority issuing the auction may be a ministry of transport, county, province, state, municipality or other regional or local authority, or it can be a transit authority or other ad hoc organization responsible for some state of transport in an area. To be the auctioning part the authority must have some vested interest in subsidizing the transport in addition to the authority to ban other interests from operating competing services on parts or all of the system.
The auctioneer will specify a number of terms of the service, such as frequency, size of vehicle, timing of service, the maximum permitted fare paid 
by some or all the available seats and/or other specifications related to service and quality. The auctioneer can specify either a net or gross contract. In the latter the operator bids for the full operating costs, and all revenue goes to the authority; with net contracts the operator will be granted all revenue, and will bid only for the necessary difference between fare revenue and that needed to make the desired profit. The use of gross contracts reduces the risk of the operator since they do not need to estimate the ridership and will normally give lower bids since there is a lower risk premium in each bid. This option also makes it easier to create free transfer between operators and modes.
Net contracts commonly used to give the operators an incentive to increase ridership, where there would be a high administrative costs with the authority administrating the fares, or where the auctioneer wants to reduce its own risk. Urban public transport with transit authorities is most commonly operated with gross contracts, while airlines and ferry routes are typically operated on net contracts.
Typical uses of PSO include regional airline services in districts of for instance in Northern Norway or Ireland, where the airlines serve marginally populated areas not profitable for the carriers without subsidies. Rail services can be unprofitable even on major routes, and government subsidies are sometimes offered through PSO on unprofitable routes, for instance this has been very popular in Germany. Most cities subsidize their public transport, and in places where the transport is provided by private companies, that may be awarded through PSO. Other common PSO services are ferries, such as the routes to Gotland in Sweden, or car ferries on the road network of Norway. Ferry routes serving outlying islands in Hong Kong are also subsidised since recently, as a result of rising oil price and therefore the costs of operations.
European Union.
In the European Union, route PSOs are governed by Regulation (EC) No 1008/2008. They must be offered for tender in the Official Journal of the European Union and be open to any transport operator registered in an EU member state. There are limitations in the number of passengers which can be carried where the route can remain eligible for PSO. The winning tenderer usually receives a monopoly on the route, but may have to conform to one or more conditions of service, such as the type and size of vehicle, the timing of services, the maximum fare paid for a portion or all of the seats offered, membership of a common reservation system, quality of service measured by a maximum percentage of cancelled services, etc.
Examples of air transport PSOs currently in operation in Europe are routes from Dublin to Kerry and Donegal, routes between the Greek Mainland and the Greek Islands, routes between the Italian mainland and Sardinia, routes between the French mainland and Corsica, certain domestic routes within Norway, Sweden and Finland, and routes to the Scottish Highlands and Islands.
International routes are usually not supported by PSO. This is because of a political principle that people should pay for international travel themselves, not through tax money. This is especially evident in Scandinavia where there is very little international air traffic between cities other than through the capitals, where connections are commercially profitable.

</doc>
<doc id="2922570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922570" title="Dungarvon Whooper">
Dungarvon Whooper

The Dungarvon Whooper (pronounced "hooper") is a ghost story, immortalized in a song by Michael Whalen, about the alleged murder along the Dungarvon River in central New Brunswick, Canada, in the late 19th century.
The story revolves around a young Irish cook, often referred to by the name Ryan. Ryan moves to a lumber camp located somewhere along, or very near to, the Dungarvon River, bringing all of his possessions with him, including a money belt. While the lumberjacks are out, Ryan is left alone with the boss of the camp, who decides to murder and rob the young cook. When the crew returns, the boss explains that the cook had taken sick and died suddenly. They then bury the body in the forest some distance from the camp. However, a terrible "whooping" sound keeps the group from falling asleep that night, presumably the ghost of Ryan crying out against the crime of which he was the victim. Scared, the men flee the camp the next morning.
The story, which was handed down to lumberers working in New Brunswick throughout the 20th century, is well known in local culture. It was taken seriously enough by the turn of the century that Rev. Edward Murdoch, a Roman Catholic priest from Renous, performed an exorcism at the professed gravesite at Whooper Spring.
There is a chainsaw carving of Ryan at the Municipal Park in Blackville, New Brunswick, Canada
Whelan's "Dungarvon Whooper" song.
While the exact origin of the story is unknown, the best-known version comes from a song published in a local newspaper by Michael Whelan in 1912. The song is set to the tune of "Where the Silvery Colorado Wends Its Way", by J. Aldrich Libbey.
Passenger Train.
The nickname ""Dungarvon Whooper"" was later given to a numbered passenger train operated by the Canada Eastern Railway running from Newcastle to Fredericton, along the Southwest Miramichi River. It has been said that the sound of the steam locomotive whistle reminded local residents of the legend. This train operated on a line originally built by New Brunswick businessmen, Alexander Gibson and Jabez Bunting Snowball. The railway and its passenger service were absorbed into the Canadian National Railway system and the passenger train ceased operation in the early 1960s.
Adaptations.
Bernard Colepaugh of Renous produced a play about the ""Dungarvon Whooper"". It was the first ever production of the Heritage Players, a group dedicated to performing plays based on New Brunswick's rich heritage. Mr. Colepaugh is a descendant of Michael Whelen.
The play starts off in a 1920s school house where teacher Michael Whalen(Bernard Colepaugh) summons his students to class and then excites them with the idea of studying outside under "God's Beautiful Blue Sky". After some smart remarks by Billy Phader (Thomas Saulnier), the older boy in the class, the four students convince their teacher to take a break from the British History work and tell them a ghost story. Susan (Katie McCabe) tells Mr. Whalen to tell about the Dungarvan Whooper. Michael Whalen begins by going back in time to Ireland. The scene then changes to many years before as Peter Ryan (played by student actor Tom Daley) in Ireland just as he is about to leave for the New Country to work, as his mother, family, and friends die of starvation from the Potato Famine. He is given his father's money belt and some Prayer Beads, just before he kisses his mother goodbye. Another scene change leaves us in the camp, where Peter Ryan was hired to work as the cook. Jack Hogan (also played by Bernard Colepaugh) walks in with the crew, and they sit down for dinner. Just as they sit down at the table, a Mr. Henry Kelly knocks on the door. He is invited in, and they eat their meal. 
Because Henry Kelly is "the best Fiddler in the Country," the crew convinces the boss to let them "treat today like a Saturday" and let them have a party and drink the liquor Ryan bought at the store in Blackville. Ryan has a bit too much to drink, gets carried away in his Irish dancing, and steps on McPherson's foot. Twice. A fight breaks out, and it takes the whole camp to calm Ryan and McPherson down. After a lullaby by Mr. Kelly, the men go to bed, and one of the characters, possibly McPherson, walks in covered under a jacket and puts something in Ryan's personal teapot. In most productions, this is where the intermission would begin, and in many cases, a meal be served to the guests by the cast. Turkey was the most common meal. The play then resumes when the crew are just getting out of bed. McGregor complains of symptoms of a hangover, but the boss tells them to go to work anyway. Hogan requests pies for when they get back. Peter Ryan sits down at the table to enjoy his tea, then suddenly collapses on the floor. Boss picks him up, puts him on the bed, and then the crew comes in, as there is too much snow to work. they find Pete Ryan on the floor dead, and accuse each other for his death. After much bickering and arguing, they decide that it is not right to sleep with a dead body in the camp, so they take him out to the spring and bury him. Upon their return, Whoops and Howls leave and unsettling atmosphere. The Lord's Prayer is recited, and they get to sleep. The grave is later blessed by a Priest, and all remains calm deep in the Dungarvon Woods

</doc>
<doc id="2922572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922572" title="Type 95 reconnaissance car">
Type 95 reconnaissance car

The Type 95 "Kurogane" ("Black Metal") reconnaissance car was a Japanese scout car used during the war with China and World War II in the East. Between 1937 and 1945 approximately 4,800 were built. It was the only completely Japanese designed reconnaissance car ever used by the Japanese Army, which tended to use civilian cars.
The Type 95 could accommodate only 3 persons - two in the front and one in the back. The two-cylinder air-cooled petrol engine was an advantage in cold climates encountered in China and it had 4-wheel drive. It was unarmed and unarmoured.

</doc>
<doc id="2922590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922590" title="List of country names in various languages (A–C)">
List of country names in various languages (A–C)

Most countries of the world have different names in different languages. Some countries have also undergone name changes for political or other reasons. This article attempts to give all known alternative names for all nations, countries and sovereign states. It does not offer any opinion about what the "original", "official", "real", or "correct" name of any country is or was. 
Countries are listed alphabetically by their current best-known name in English. Each English name is followed by its currently best-known equivalents in other languages, listed in English alphabetical order (ignoring accents) by name and by language. Historical and/or alternative versions, where included, are noted as such. Foreign names that are the same as their English equivalents are listed, to provide an answer to the question "What is that name in..."?. See also: List of alternative country names
Please format entries as follows: for languages written in the Latin alphabet, write "Name (language)", for example, "Afeganistão (Portuguese)", and alphabetize it in the list according to English rules of alphabetical order. For languages written in other writing systems, write "Romanization - native script (language)", for example "Argentine - אַרגענטינע (Yiddish)", and alphabetize it in the list by the romanized form.
For reasons of size, this article is broken into four parts:
__NOTOC__
Table of contents: A — B — C

</doc>
<doc id="2922595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922595" title="List of country names in various languages (D–I)">
List of country names in various languages (D–I)

Most countries of the world have different names in different languages. Some countries have also undergone name changes for political or other reasons. This article attempts to give all known alternative names for all nations, countries and sovereign states. It does not offer any opinion about what the "original", "official", "real", or "correct" name of any country is or was. 
Countries are listed alphabetically by their current best-known name in English. Each English name is followed by its currently best-known equivalents in other languages, listed in English alphabetical order (ignoring accents) by name and by language. Historical and/or alternative versions, where included, are noted as such. Foreign names that are the same as their English equivalents are listed, to provide an answer to the question "What is that name in..."?. See also: List of alternative country names
Please format entries as follows: for languages written in the Latin alphabet, write "Name (language)", for example, "Afeganistão (Portuguese)", and alphabetize it in the list according to English rules of alphabetical order. For languages written in other writing systems, write "Romanization - native script (language)", for example "Argentine - אַרגענטינע (Yiddish)", and alphabetize it in the list by the romanized form.
For reasons of size, this article is broken into four parts:
__NOTOC__
Table of contents: D — E — F — G — H — I

</doc>
<doc id="2922611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922611" title="Bibb Falk">
Bibb Falk

Bibb August Falk (January 27, 1899 – June 8, 1989) was an American left fielder in Major League Baseball who played for the Chicago White Sox (1920–28) and Cleveland Indians (1929–31).
Born in Austin, Texas, Falk played football and baseball at the University of Texas before signing with the White Sox in 1920. He was a spare outfielder with the Sox until news of the 1919 Black Sox scandal broke and eight players were suspended; Falk replaced Shoeless Joe Jackson in left field. Falk was a consistent hitter, ending his career after twelve seasons with a .314 career batting average. He was also known as a heady player whose merciless riding of opponents earned him the nickname "Jockey."
After Major League coaching stints with the Indians (1933) and Boston Red Sox (1934), Falk coached baseball at the University of Texas from 1940 to 1942, then again from 1946 to 1967, winning consecutive College World Series titles in and . In 1975, the new Disch-Falk Field at the University of Texas was named in honor of Falk and his former coach, Billy Disch. He died at age 90 in Austin.

</doc>
<doc id="2922619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922619" title="Cantons of the Manche department">
Cantons of the Manche department

The following is a list of the 56 cantons of the Manche department, in France, sorted by arrondissement:

</doc>
<doc id="2922621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922621" title="Rocketo">
Rocketo

Rocketo was a comic book series by Frank Espinosa. Initially published by Speakeasy Comics, in 2006 "Rocketo" moved to Image Comics. Espinosa handled nearly every aspect of "Rocketo"'s production (writing, art, color, lettering), with Marie Taylor credited as co-writer.
"Rocketo" follows the life and adventures of Rocketo Garrison, world-famous explorer and mapmaker. Set 2,000 years into a mythical future, the world as we know it has been destroyed in a catastrophe and its magnetic field distorted. The only way for mankind to now navigate through the broken land masses is by the unique abilities of the Mappers, a genetically engineered group of men and women who act as human compasses.
Frank Espinosa was nominated for three 2006 Eisner Awards, for Best New Series ("Rocketo"), Best Continuing Series ("Rocketo"), and Best Cover Artist.
Publication history.
As a comic book series, "Rocketo" was initially planned to last 48 issues, with each twelve-issue series making up one book. There were four books planned:
Ultimately, the series lasted 12 issues before ending in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="2922628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922628" title="List of country names in various languages (J–P)">
List of country names in various languages (J–P)

Most countries of the world have different names in different languages. Some countries have also undergone name changes for political or other reasons. This article attempts to give all known alternative names for all nations, countries and sovereign states. It does not offr any opinion about what the "original", "official", "real", or "correct" name of any country is or was.
Countries are listed alphabetically by their current best-known name in English. Each English name is followed by its currently best-known equivalents in other languages, listed in English alphabetical order (ignoring accents) by name and by language. Historical and/or alternative versions, where included, are noted as such. Foreign names that are the same as their English equivalents are listed, to provide an answer to the question "What is that name in..."?. See also: List of alternative country names
Please format entries as follows: for languages written in the Latin alphabet, write "Name (language)", for example, "Afeganistão (Portuguese)", and alphabetize it in the list according to English rules of alphabetical order. For languages written in other writing systems, write "Romanization - native script (language)", for example "Argentine - אַרגענטינע (Yiddish)", and alphabetize it in the list by the romanized form.
For reasons of size, this article is broken into four parts:
__NOTOC__
Table of contents: J — K — L — M — N — O — P

</doc>
<doc id="2922632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922632" title="Agreement on the Conservation of Albatrosses and Petrels">
Agreement on the Conservation of Albatrosses and Petrels

The Agreement on the Conservation of Albatrosses and Petrels (ACAP) is a legally binding international treaty signed in 2001 and entered into force on 1 February 2004 when South Africa ratified as the fifth Party to the Agreement.
It was created in order to halt the drastic decline of seabird populations in the Southern Hemisphere, particularly albatrosses and petrels procellariids. The population of Black-browed Albatrosses, one of the world's abundant albatross species, has declined by more than 40 percent in the last 30 years.
Albatrosses and petrels are threatened by introduced species on their breeding islands, pollution, and being taken as bycatch by longline fisheries (which kills more than 300,000 seabirds a year, as well as by trawl and gillnet fisheries. The Agreement requires that measures be taken by signatory governments (Parties) to reduce bycatch (by the use of mitigation measures), protection of breeding colonies and control and removal of introduced species from breeding islands.
Currently ACAP protects all the World's albatross species and seven southern-hemisphere petrel species. The Agreement marks the increasing international commitment to protect albatrosses and petrels, and is a considerable step forward in the fight to protect these charismatic seabirds.
Organization.
The Executive Secretary of ACAP is Warren Papworth, who is supported by a Science Officer. The Secretariat is located at 27 Salamanca Square, Battery Point, Hobart, Tasmania, Australia.
The Agreement entered into force on 1 February 2004. National representatives of the signatory countries meet regularly.
Six meetings of ACAP's Advisory Committee (AC) have been held to date, the last in Guayaquil, Ecuador from 29 August to 2 September 2011. The AC is currently supported by three working groups (WGs), which usually meet immediately prior to AC meetings. The WGs are for Taxonomy (TWG), Seabird Bycatch (SBWG) and Population and Conservation Status (PaCSWG). Each Working Group is managed by (co-)convenors who are experts in their fields.
Final reports and documented papers for all these meetings are freely available for down-loading and consultation on the ACAP web site in the Agreement's three official languages of English, French and Spanish.
Albatrosses and petrels.
Albatrosses and petrels are migratory seabirds which mainly breed on remote offshore islands and forage over the open sea. They can travel enormous distances across oceans during foraging flights and migratory journeys.
Albatrosses and petrels are among the most threatened groups of birds in the world. Of the world's 22 species of albatrosses, 17 are currently categorized on the IUCN Red List as critically endangered, endangered, or vulnerable. The remaining five are listed as Near Threatened. Four of the ACAP-listed petrels and shearwaters are categorized as Vulnerable, one as Critically Endangered, one is Near Threatened and the two giant petrels are categorized as of Least Concern.
This is due to a combination of threats that have drastically reduced the populations of albatrosses and petrels, including:
Paired bird-scaring lines are also a suitable deterrent that reduces mortality of seabirds in trawl fisheries, mainly from albatrosses colliding with warp cables. Avoiding offal discharge (which attracts scavenging seabirds such as albatrosses and petrels) during trawling also helps reduce mortality.
Provisions.
ACAP helps countries to implement species action plans, control the expansion of non-native predators, which can harm albatrosses and petrels, introduce measures reducing bycatch of seabirds, and support research in the sphere of the effective conservation of petrels and albatrosses. To this end it has published ACAP Species Assessments for all 29 listed species, 14 mitigation factsheets and two conservation guidelines for biosecurity and for eradication of introduced mammals on its web site. "ACAP Latest News" on the web site is a daily news service that aims to inform site visitors of activities and research findings around the World relevant to the conservation and management of the listed species and of their habitats. It is produced by ACAP's honorary Information Officer, John Cooper, who is supported by a team of four regional news correspondents for Australasia, Europe, the North Pacific and South America. "ACAP Daily News" may be accessed via ACAP's Facebook page or directly from its web site.
One of the Agreement's key activities is to provide expert advice on seabird bycatch mitigation to fisheries managers, both in domestic and High Seas fisheries. To this end ACAP regularly participates in relevant meetings of Regional Fisheries Management Organisations (RFMOs), and in particular, the tuna RFMOs that govern the activities of many of the longline fishing fleets that operate on the High Seas.
Species covered by the Agreement.
The following 30 species of albatrosses, petrels and shearwaters are listed by the Agreement.
List of albatrosses covered by the Agreement:
List of petrels covered by the Agreement:
Member states.
The following 13 countries are Parties to the Agreement:
Canada and the United States regularly send observer delegations to ACAP meetings, but have not as yet acceded to the Agreement. In addition Japan has sent delegations in the last few years.

</doc>
<doc id="2922635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922635" title="List of country names in various languages (Q–Z)">
List of country names in various languages (Q–Z)

Most countries of the world have different names in different languages. Some countries have also undergone name changes for political or other reasons. This article attempts to give all known alternative names for all nations, countries and sovereign states. It does not offer any opinion about what the "original", "official", "real", or "correct" name of any country is or was.
Countries are listed alphabetically by their current best-known name in English. Each English name is followed by its currently best-known equivalents in other languages, listed in English alphabetical order (ignoring accents) by name and by language. Historical and/or alternative versions, where included, are noted as such. Foreign names that are the same as their English equivalents are listed, to provide an answer to the question "What is that name in..."?. See also: List of alternative country names
Please format entries as follows: for languages written in the Latin alphabet, write "Name (language)", for example, "Afeganistão (Portuguese)", and alphabetize it in the list according to English rules of alphabetical order. For languages written in other writing systems, write "Romanization - native script (language)", for example "Argentine - אַרגענטינע (Yiddish)", and alphabetize it in the list by the romanized form.
For reasons of size, this article is broken into four parts:
__NOTOC__
Table of contents: Q — R — S — T — U — V — W — Y — Z

</doc>
<doc id="2922639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922639" title="Chris Dreja">
Chris Dreja

Chris Dreja (born 11 November 1945, Surbiton, England) is a musician, best known for playing rhythm guitar and bass in the British band, The Yardbirds.
Early life.
His father was of Polish descent. Dreja was born in Surbiton, and raised in Kingston upon Thames. His brother Stefan Dreja chanced to meet Top Topham, and introduced Topham to his brother. Topham and Dreja were influenced by folk/blues guitarist Gerry Lochran; he influenced them to switch from acoustic to electric guitars according to Greg Russo in his book "The Yardbirds: The Ultimate Rave-Up". They made their debut with electric guitars at a concert with Duster Bennett and a young Jimmy Page.
The Yardbirds.
Dreja and Topham became core members of the Metropolitan (or Metropolis) Blues Quartet. During the space of a year Keith Relf, Jim McCarty, and Paul Samwell-Smith joined the group which became the Yardbirds. The 15 year old Topham left the group when the band went professional but Dreja continued on to play rhythm guitar with musicians such as Eric Clapton and later Jeff Beck.
Dreja changed from rhythm to bass guitar following the departure of the original bassist, Paul Samwell-Smith. Dreja co-authored many Yardbirds group compositions, especially those on the album "Roger the Engineer".
After the group broke up, Page offered Dreja the position of bassist in a new band he was forming (later to become Led Zeppelin). Dreja declined in order to pursue a profession in photography. He photographed Led Zeppelin for the back cover of their debut album.
Dreja played in the Yardbirds spin-off band Box of Frogs in the 1980s, and has been part of the Yardbirds' reformation since 1992.
In 2002, The Yardbirds re-emerged and a new album, "Birdland", was released.
Dreja suffered a series of strokes in 2012/2013 and had not performed with The Yardbirds since mid-2012. In July 2013 it was announced that he had officially left the band for medical reasons and was replaced by original lead guitarist Top Topham.

</doc>
<doc id="2922646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922646" title="Darrin Jackson">
Darrin Jackson

Darrin "D. J." Jay Jackson (born August 22, 1963 in Los Angeles, California) is a former center fielder in Major League Baseball who played 12 years for the Chicago Cubs (1985–1988), San Diego Padres (1988–1992), Toronto Blue Jays (1993), New York Mets (1993), Chicago White Sox (1994, 1999), Minnesota Twins (1997) and Milwaukee Brewers (1997–1998). He also played for the Seibu Lions in Japan (1995–1996).
Playing career.
1981
Selected by the Chicago Cubs in second round of 1981 free agent draft, but would never appear in a game for the team during this stint.
1985
Jackson was 22 years old when he broke into the big leagues. Jackson made his major league debut on June 16, 1985. Darrin said of his first week with the Cubs "I remember facing Ron Darling of the Mets in my first big-league game. My second game was against Dwight Gooden, and my third was against Ed Lynch. I ended up getting my first big-league hit off the former general manager of the Cubs - a line drive over the second baseman. Every time I see Ed, he says 'Yeah, yeah, I know.' That was my claim to fame in 1985." 
... Spent five games with the Cubs before returning to Pittsfield.
1986
Spent the season with the Chicago Cubs AA affiliate Pittsfield, Mass., and was named to the Eastern League's all-star team.
1987 
Recalled from Iowa, the Chicago Cubs AAA affiliate, Sept. 4 but underwent surgery Sept. 21 to remove a small tumor from his groin area and missed the rest of the season ... Batted .800 (4-for-5) with one double for the Cubs.
1988
Played in 100 games for Chicago but had only 188 at-bats ... Became the third player in Cubs history (joining Dale Long and Carmen Fanzone) to homer in consecutive pinch-hit at-bats, going deep against St. Louis' Ken Dayley Aug. 14 and Cincinnati's Tom Browning Aug. 16 ... Had first two-homer game of his career Sept. 17 against St. Louis.
1989
Spent time at Iowa (AAA) and with the Cubs before being traded to the San Diego Padres Aug. 31 ... Made 23 starts for the Padres.
1990
Darrin split time between San Diego and Class AAA Las Vegas ... Hit the Padres' first pinch-hit homer of the season April 27 against Pittsburgh ... Had his first career four-hit game Oct. 3 against the Los Angeles Dodgers.
1991
Hit a career-high 21 homers in 122 games after entering the season with a career total of 13 ... Ranked fourth in the NL with one homer every 17 at-bats ... Seven of his 11 hits in 19 games June 9-July 12 were homers ... Hit first career grand slam Aug. 25 off Chicago Cub's Bob Scanlan ... Made his only career pitching appearance with two innings at Houston May 26.
In 1991, in a game that the San Diego Padres, Darrin's team at the time, were down 11-4, DJ was put into the game as a relief pitcher. This would mark his only pitching appearance in the MLB. Darrin pitched the last two innings of the game, allowing 3 hits, walking 2 batters, and allowing two earned runs.
Darrin had this to say about his pitching performance "We were losing like 11-4 in Houston (6) and my manager, Greg Riddoch, knew I'd been messing around in the bullpen. The pitching part wasn't the most difficult thing. It was after. I could barely move and my butt was killing me from stretching out the glutes and hamstring. It took me five days not to feel sore. I was throwing 86-87 m.p.h. I didn't throw a curveball because I was scared to hit somebody."
1992
Set career highs in games (155), RBI (70), hits (146) and stolen bases (14) ... Tied his career high with four hits in two games, July 7 against St. Louis and July 19 at Montreal ... Had his fourth career two-homer game April 28 against Philadelphia, the second homer leading off the bottom of the ninth and giving the Padres a 7-6 victory ... Had three game-winning homers on the season ... Tied for second among National League outfielders with a .996 fielding percentage, a San Diego club record ... Led the majors with 18 outfield assists.
1993
Was with San Diego for spring training, and was traded to the Toronto Blue Jays, where he played until June 11, before once again being traded and played for the New York Mets for the rest of the season ... His solo homer in the eighth inning off Chicago's Alex Fernández April 25 was the difference in a 1-0 Toronto victory ... Had a tough year at the plate, batting .216 for the Blue Jays and .195 for New York ... Did not commit an error in 23 outfield starts with the Mets, handling 55 chances and making four assists ... Spent July 19-Sept. 1 on the disabled list with hyperthyroidism.
1994
Strung together two 8-game hit streaks (May 13–20 and June 18–24).
1995
Signed with Seibu Lions of Japanese Pacific League ... Ranked 7th in league with .289 average ... Collected 20 home runs and 68 RBI.
1996
Played with Seibu Lions of Japanese Pacific League ... Hit .266 with 19 home runs and 64 RBI in 126 games.
Jackson became the television color analyst for the White Sox in 2000, alongside play-by-play man Ken "Hawk" Harrelson. On Friday, September 12, 2008, he was informed by the White Sox that he would be replaced on television broadcasts in 2009 by Steve Stone. On December 13, 2008, the Chicago Tribunes reported that Jackson had elected to stay with the White Sox and become the radio color analyst position alongside Ed Farmer. "This has been my home," Jackson told the Tribune Saturday. "Farmio (play-by-play announcer Ed Farmer) is a friend of mine, and we're going to have fun." Jackson had interviewed with numerous media outlets including ESPN and the new Major League Baseball channel.
Personal life.
He grew up in Culver City, California where he played baseball in Culver City National Little League, Culver City Babe Ruth League, and was in the 1978 Babe Ruth World Series where his team took second place. Of this team, five went pro. He attended Culver City High School and played for its baseball team as well. In the offseason, Darrin resides in Arizona with his wife Robin. They have four children: Alexandre, Arianna, Adian, and most recently Tatum.

</doc>
<doc id="2922650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922650" title="Mimi Goese">
Mimi Goese

Mimi Goese (last name rhymes with "hazy") is the former vocalist for dream pop band Hugo Largo. She also appeared in the 1996 short film "Black Kites", directed by Jo Andres.
Two collaborations with Moby, tracks "Into the Blue" and "When It's Cold I'd Like to Die", appear on the Moby's album "Everything Is Wrong". The latter song was heard during the closing credits of "The Sopranos" episode "Join the Club".)
Under the name Mimi (no last name) she has released one solo album, "Soak", on the Luaka Bop label, with contributions from French record producer Hector Zazou. She also released a cover of Screamin' Jay Hawkins' "I Put a Spell on You" as a single. .
In 2006, Goese collaborated and performed onstage with the "mutantrumpeter" Ben Neill on a project called XIX. In 2010, the duo collaborated on a musical theater piece titled "Persephone", which was premiered at the Brooklyn Academy of Music's 2010 Next Wave Festival. Goese and Neill were commissioned by BAM to create the staged work (co-starring actress Julia Stiles) with multimedia company Ridge Theater. "Persephone" With a book by Tony Award-winning playwright Warren Leight, it grew out of the 19th-century musical themes that Goese and Neill were exploring. An album featuring music from the project, "Songs for Persephone", was released by Ramseur Records in August 2011.
Goese continues to occasionally perform and also teaches classes in performing arts.
Her latest project is a collaboration with Cornish band The Ascension Plan, guesting on two tracks, "Buoy" and "Life (You Are)", and a one-off performance at the Minack Theatre in Porthcurno on May 2, 2014.
"Mimi’s voice conjures up a long plummet through white light and space. It’s like a parachutist still in free fall, who seems briefly weightless and adrift in an ocean of air."
-"Melody Maker"

</doc>
<doc id="2922661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922661" title="Shilton, Warwickshire">
Shilton, Warwickshire

Shilton is a village and civil parish in the English county of Warwickshire. The parish of Shilton also includes the nearby hamlet of Barnacle, and in the 2001 census had a population of 826.
The village is about two miles north-east of Coventry on the B4065 road and at a crossroads with the B4029 road. Administratively, Shilton is in an outlying part of the borough of Rugby, although it is more than ten miles (16 km) from the town of Rugby.
Shilton is almost cut in two by the London to Manchester railway line (West Coast Main Line). It formerly had a railway station but this closed in 1957.
The village contains a number of old cottages along the main street,a village hall and one old pub, the "Shilton Arms". 
Leicester Road is just past the Shilton arms. Leicester Road contains a farm which field lies next to the Shilton Arms garden. As you enter Leicester Road on the left hand side there is a white house which used to be a pub to but was converted into a house in 2002. 

</doc>
<doc id="2922674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922674" title="Multicast Routing Daemon v6">
Multicast Routing Daemon v6

The Multicast Routing Daemon v6 (MRD6) is an Ipv6 multicast routing daemon developed by Hugo Santos. Its main features include:

</doc>
<doc id="2922703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922703" title="Assawoman, Virginia">
Assawoman, Virginia

Assawoman is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia. Its ZIP code is 23302. Assawoman was originally known as Assawaman until 1966 when the Board on Geographic Names decided upon its current spelling. Their post office is open and was established in October 1890 
Arbuckle Place was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="2922720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922720" title="Paul Falconer Poole">
Paul Falconer Poole

Paul Falconer Poole (1806–1879) was an English subject and genre painter born in Bristol.
Life and work.
Though self-taught his fine feeling for colour, poetic sympathy and dramatic power gained for him a high position among British artists. He exhibited his first work in the Royal Academy at the age of twenty-five, the subject being "The Well," a scene in Naples. There was an interval of seven years before he next exhibited his "Farewell, Farewell" in 1837, which was followed by the "Emigrant's Departure," "Hermann and Dorothea" and "By the Waters of Babylon." In 1843 his position was made secure by his "Solomon Eagle," and by his success in the Cartoon Exhibition, in which he received from the Fine Art Commissioners a prize of £300 sterling. After his exhibition of the "Surrender of Syon House" he was elected an associate of the Royal Academy in 1846, and was made an academician in 1861. In the 1850s he lived at 43 Camden Road Villas (now 203 Camden Rd) near Camden Town.
Poole's subjects divide themselves into two orders, one idyllic, the other dramatic. Of the former his "May Day" (1852) is a typical example. Of both styles there were excellent examples to be seen in the small collection of his works shown at Burlington House in the Winter Exhibition of 1883-1884. Among his early dramatic pictures was "Solomon Eagle exhorting the People to Repentance during the Plague of 1665," painted in 1843. To this class belongs also the "Messenger announcing to Job the Irruption of the Sabeans and the Slaughter of the Servants" (exhibited in 1850), and "Robert, Duke of Normandy and Arletta" (1848). Finer examples of his more mature power in this direction are to be found in his "Prodigal Son," painted in 1869; the "Escape of Glaucus and lone with the blind girl Nydia from Pompeii" (1860); and "Cunstaunce sent adrift by the Constable of Alla, King of Northumberland," painted in 1868. More peaceful than these are the "Song of Troubadours" (painted in 1854) and the "Goths in Italy" (1851), the latter an important historical work of great, power and beauty. Of a less lofty strain, but still more beautiful in its workmanship, is the "Seventh Day of the Decameron," painted in 1857. In this picture Poole rises to his full height as a colourist. In his pastorals he is soft and tender, as in the "Mountain Path" (1853), the "Water-cress Gatherers" (1870), the "Shepston Maiden" (1872). But when he turns to the grander and more sublime views of nature his work is bold and vigorous. Fine examples of this style may be seen in the "Vision of Ezekiel" of the National Gallery, "Solitude" (1876), the "Entrance to the Cave of Mammon" (1875), the "Dragon's Cavern" (1877), and perhaps best of all in the "Lion in the Path" (1873), a great representation of mountain and cloud form.
Poole was a close friend of landscape artist Thomas Danby (c. 1818–1886) with whom he shared a house in Hampstead, London for a time.

</doc>
<doc id="2922724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922724" title="Cantons of the Bouches-du-Rhône department">
Cantons of the Bouches-du-Rhône department

The following is a list of the 57 cantons of the Bouches-du-Rhône department, in France, sorted by arrondissement:

</doc>
<doc id="2922734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922734" title="Giusti">
Giusti

Giusti may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2922739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922739" title="Kembrew McLeod">
Kembrew McLeod

Kembrew McLeod is an American journalist, artist, activist, and professor of Communication Studies at the University of Iowa.
He is best known as a performance artist or "media prankster" who filed an application in 1997 to register the phrase "Freedom of Expression" as a trademark in the United States. This phrase was the name of his zine/artist book series, and on January 6, 1998 McLeod was granted registration no. 2127381 in Class 16 (for "booklets in the field of creative writing").
McLeod received his PhD from University of Massachusetts Amherst, an MA from the University of Virginia, and a BS from James Madison University.
Dispute with AT&T.
McLeod sought registration of the phrase as a reflection on the use of intellectual property law to restrict cultural expression in U.S. society. In 2003, McLeod sent AT&T a cease and desist letter in response to an AT&T advertising campaign in college newspapers promoting a new long distance plan which used the phrase "freedom of expression". McLeod claimed that the use by AT&T of his registered trademark could lead some consumers to infer a connection between his publication and AT&T. The New York Times later interviewed McLeod, and reported that his aim was "to object to corporate power over words, speech and even ideas. 'I do want to register my genuine protest that a big company that really doesn't represent freedom of expression is trying to appropriate this phrase,' he said."
Registration no. 2127381 was cancelled in October 2004 when McLeod did not lodge documentary evidence with the United States Patent and Trademark Office to demonstrate that "Freedom of Expression" had been used as a trademark.
Protesting Bill Clinton over Sister Souljah controversy.
On December 10, 2007, McLeod protested a Bill Clinton event in Iowa City, Iowa, dressed as a robot and demanding an apology for remarks made by Clinton in 1992 about controversial hip hop musician Sister Souljah. Before being removed by security and as he was led away, McLeod tossed multi-colored flyers into the air which included the name of a website, mr-ifobca.org, standing for "Mad Robots in Favor of Bill Clinton Apologizing."
Other work.
McLeod's book built upon the themes raised by the AT&T event and develops a serious critique on a range of diverse topics such as hip-hop music and sampling, the patenting of seeds and human genes, folk and blues music, visual collage art, electronic voting, and computer software, among other things.
McLeod has also written music criticism for Rolling Stone, the Village Voice, Spin, and Mojo. He is the coproducer of a 2001 documentary film on the music industry, "Money for Nothing: Behind the Business of Pop Music," which he produced for the Media Education Foundation. He is currently working on another documentary on the history of sound collage, digital sampling, and intellectual property law, titled "Copyright Criminals: This Is a Sampling Sport."
He participated in the exhibition "Illegal Art: Freedom of Expression in the Corporate Age," which was hosted by the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art's Artist Gallery. In 2005, he helped co-found the Freedom of Expression® Security Consortium, which is dedicated to "Regulating Freedom of Expression in the Marketplace of Ideas". He also is co-editor (with Ted Striphas) of a 2006 special issue of the journal "Cultural Studies" on "The Politics of Intellectual Properties," which is available for free on the internet.
His book, Freedom of Expression, is available as a free PDF download with a Creative Commons license.
In 2012, one chapter from Freedom of Expression was used as the basis for two essays in the United States Pirate Party's book, No Safe Harbor.

</doc>
<doc id="2922741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922741" title="Acacia Theatre Company">
Acacia Theatre Company

Acacia Theatre Company is a Wisconsin-based professional theater company that integrates art and faith by presenting theatre from a Christian view. Acacia is a non-profit, interdenominational Christian ministry not affiliated with any particular denomination or church. 
Acacia was founded in 1980 by several local theatre artists who shared a common desire to produce plays that would express the experiences and positive moral values important to us as members of the Christian faith. The name Acacia was chosen because the Acacia tree, as mentioned in Isaiah, is a symbol of stability and resilience, for its deep roots which help it survive and its wood, which was used to build the Ark of the Covenant. Beginning as a touring company, shows were taken to schools and churches all over Milwaukee. The touring aspect of the theatre continues to this day. 
Acacia produces a season of four plays at a resident theatre, performs a special Christmas production each year and tours a repertoire of plays to various churches and community organizations.
Performances are at Concordia University's Todd Wehr Auditorium in Mequon, Wisconsin.

</doc>
<doc id="2922743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922743" title="HMS Active (1869)">
HMS Active (1869)

HMS "Active" was a built for the Royal Navy in the late 1860s. Launched in 1869, she entered service in 1873, and was the Commodore's ship on the Cape of Good Hope and West Africa Station. Her crew served ashore in both the Third Anglo-Ashanti and Zulu Wars. From 1885 to 1898, the ship was the flagship of the Training Squadron. "Active" was sold for scrap in 1906.
Description.
"Active" was long between perpendiculars and had a beam of . Forward the ship had a draught of , but aft she drew . "Active" displaced and had a burthen of 2,322 tons. Her iron hull was covered by a layer of oak that was sheathed with copper from the waterline down to prevent biofouling. Watertight transverse bulkheads subdivided the hull. Her crew consisted of 340 officers and enlisted men.
The ship had one 2-cylinder horizontal return connecting rod-steam engine made by Humphreys and Tennant driving a single propeller. Five rectangular boilers provided steam to the engine at a working pressure of . The engine produced a total of which gave "Active" a maximum speed of . The ship carried of coal, enough to steam at .
"Active" was ship rigged and had a sail area of . The lower masts were made of iron, but the other masts were wood. The ship's best speed under sail alone was . Her funnel was semi-retractable to reduce wind resistance and her propeller could be hoisted up into the stern of the ship to reduce drag while under sail.
The ship was initially armed with a mix of 7-inch and 64-pounder 64 cwt rifled muzzle-loading guns. The six guns and two of the four 64-pounders were mounted on the broadside while the other two were mounted on the forecastle and poop deck as chase guns. In 1879, ten BL 6-inch 80-pounder breech-loading guns replaced all the broadside weapons. Two carriages for torpedoes were added as well.
Service.
HMS "Active" was laid down in 1867 and launched on 13 March 1869. The ship was completed in March 1871 at a total cost of £126,156. Of this, £85,795 was spent on her hull and £40,361 on her machinery. Unlike her sister ship , "Active" was placed in reserve after completion until 1873 when she was commissioned to serve as the flagship of the Commander-in-Chief, Cape of Good Hope and West Coast of Africa Station, Commodore William Hewett. The ship participated in naval operations during the Third Anglo-Ashanti War of 1874 and some of her crew were landed to reinforce the forces ashore. Commodore Francis Sullivan replaced Hewett in 1876 and he retained command until 1879 when the ship returned home to refit.
Zulu War.
Between 19 November 1878 and 21 July 1879, during the Anglo-Zulu War, 173 men of "Active" (along with men from , and ) served ashore as part of an 858-man naval brigade. The group from "Active" comprised 10 officers, 100 seamen, 5 idlers, 42 Marines, 14 Kroomen, and 2 medical attendants. In addition to small arms, they were equipped with two 12-pounder breech-loading guns, 24-pounder rockets, and a Gatling gun. The 12-pounders were exchanged for two of the Army's 7-pounder mountain guns before entering Zululand.
Attached to the No.1 Column commanded by Colonel Charles Pearson, they crossed the Tugela River from Natal into Zululand on 12 January 1879. On 22 January they saw action in the Battle of Inyezane, driving off an attacking force of Zulus with rockets, Martini-Henry rifles and the Gatling gun. The same day the British main force was defeated at the Battle of Isandlwana, and so Pearson's column advanced to Eshowe, were it was besieged for two months, until relieved on 3 April. During the campaign, "Active"s crew suffered only one man killed, and nine wounded in action against the enemy, while nine died of disease during the siege, and one man drowned while crossing the Tugela. In 1881 the South Africa Medal was awarded to those members of "Active"s crew that had served there.
Training Squadron.
"Active" was rearmed and refitted in 1879 and placed in reserve until she was selected in 1885 to be the commodore's flagship in the newly formed Training Squadron. "Active" was the last square-rigged naval ship to leave Portsmouth Harbour under sail. She was paid off in 1898 and was sold for scrap on 10 July 1906.
A memorial to the men of "Active" who lost their lives during the African campaigns can be found in Victoria Park, Portsmouth.

</doc>
<doc id="2922746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922746" title="Willie Kamm">
Willie Kamm

William Edward Kamm (February 2, 1900 – December 21, 1988) was an American professional baseball player. He played as a third baseman in Major League Baseball from to . Kamm played most of his career for the Chicago White Sox before finishing his playing days with the Cleveland Indians. He was the dominant defensive third baseman in the American League for most of his career.
Major league career.
Born in San Francisco, California, Kamm was the first player in major league baseball history to be contracted from the minor leagues for $100,000. He made his major league debut with the Chicago White Sox in 1923, hitting 39 doubles with 89 runs batted in. He increased his runs batted in total to 93 in 1924, and led American League third basemen in putouts, assists and fielding percentage. 
Kamm had his best season offensively in 1928 when he posted a .308 batting average along with 84 runs batted in. He finished fifth in the American League Most Valuable Player Award voting, despite the fact that the White Sox finished the year in fifth place. He was traded to the Cleveland Indians in the middle of the 1931 season, where he continued to perform well in the field. In , Kamm set a single-season record for third basemen with a .984 fielding percentage, which stood for fourteen years until it was surpassed by Hank Majeski in . He retired as a player after the 1935 season.
Kamm was considered a master of the hidden ball trick. On April 30, , in a game against the Cleveland Indians, Kamm was involved in a rare triple play that involved a hidden ball trick. The Indians had baserunners on second and third bases when Carl Lind grounded out to the shortstop, who then threw to first base to retire the batter. Johnny Hodapp, who had been the baserunner on second base, erroneously thought the runner on third base, Charlie Jamieson had scored, so he advanced to third base on the ground out. Kamm retrieved the ball from the first baseman and tagged both runners at third base, whereupon the umpire ruled Hodapp out. Kamm then hid the ball under his arm and waited for Jamieson to step off the base. When he did so, Kamm tagged him out to complete the triple play.
Career statistics.
In a 13 year career, Kamm played in 1693 games, accumulating 1643 hits in 5851 at bats for a .281 career batting average along with 29 home runs and 826 runs batted in. At the time of his retirement, only Heinie Groh had a higher career fielding percentage among retired major league third basemen, and as of , his .967 career fielding percentage is the 15th highest by a third baseman in major league baseball history. Kamm led the league in fielding average eight times, including six times in a row, and in putouts seven times. Kamm still holds the American League single-season record for putouts by a third baseman with 243 set in , and ranks eighth overall in putouts by third basemen. He also led American League third basemen four times in assists and twice in range factor.
Kamm is one of only 18 players in major league baseball history to have more than 60 runs batted in during a season, without hitting a home run. He is the only player to have ever accomplished the feat twice, with 62 runs batted in during the 1926 season, and 75 runs batted in during the 1931 season.
Sabermetrician Bill James, in his baseball reference book The New Bill James Historical Baseball Abstract, has noted that after trading Willie Kamm, the Chicago White Sox did not stabilize the third base position until 1989 -- a period of 58 years.
Manager career.
After his retirement as a player, Kamm became the manager of the Mission Reds in the Pacific Coast League from to . 
Kamm died at age 88 in Belmont, California.

</doc>
<doc id="2922748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922748" title="List of places in Bridgend County Borough">
List of places in Bridgend County Borough

This is a list of places in the Bridgend County Borough, south Wales.
Administrative divisions.
Electoral wards.
This is a list of electoral wards in Bridgend County Borough:
Communities.
This is a list of communities:
Notable Places.
Principal towns and villages.
This is a list of well-known towns and villages:

</doc>
<doc id="2922758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922758" title="Shilton, Oxfordshire">
Shilton, Oxfordshire

Shilton is a village and civil parish about northwest of Carterton, Oxfordshire.
Geography.
Shilton village is on Shill Brook: a stream that rises southwest of Burford, flows though Shilton and Alvescot to Black Bourton, where it becomes Black Bourton Brook, which joins the River Thames downstream from Radcot.
Shilton was historically part of the manor of Great Faringdon, and most of Shilton parish was an exclave of Berkshire until the Counties (Detached Parts) Act 1844 transferred it to Oxfordshire.
Manor.
When the Cistercian Beaulieu Abbey in Hampshire was founded in 1204–05, it was endowed with a group of manors that were headed by Great Faringdon and included Shilton. Beaulieu retained the manors until 1538, when it surrendered all its properties to the Crown in the Dissolution of the Monasteries.
In about 1848 the architect and antiquarian Frederick S. Waller drew a plan and sections of an aisled barn at Shilton. It had six bays and an internal timber frame built on two rows of five large timber posts, This seems likely to have been a medieval barn, built when Beaulieu Abbey held Shilton Manor.
Tradition had it that a fire destroyed the barn. However, in 1971 an historian, P.L. Heyworth, reported that the stone walls of the barn and a few of its timbers still survived. Heyworth found at a farm in the village a stone-walled barn that had a modern arched corrugated steel roof, but had some stone corbels that would formerly have carried principal rafters of a former gabled roof. Heyworth found that the lintels of two large doorways in the barn were re-used timbers that had been principal posts. Each had the mortices that would have held a tie beam and a strut, both of which would have been parts of a timber roof.
The barn is near a house called the Old Manor, a medieval dovecote, a possible former medieval fishpond and a field called Conyger ("i.e." former a place for rearing coneys — rabbits). Heyworth therefore concluded that the barn is very likely to be the remains of a Cistercian barn.
The dovecote is cylindrical and has a conical roof. It is early 16th century and is a Grade II* listed building.
Church and chapel.
Church of England.
The earliest parts of the Church of England parish church of the Holy Rood are the Norman nave, south aisle and arcade, all of which were built in about 1150. The present Early English Gothic chancel was built in about 1250. The bell tower was added in the 15th century. The present side windows of the nave and aisle are also late Medieval Perpendicular Gothic additions. The Gothic Revival architect C.C. Rolfe restored the building in 1884–88, adding the present rood screen. The church is a Grade II* listed building.
Holy Rood church tower has three bells, all cast in 1854 by W. & J. Taylor of Loughborough, who at the time had also a bell-foundry in Oxford. Currently for technical reasons they are unringable. Holy Rood has also a Sanctus bell that Henry III Bagley cast in 1730. Bagley was from Chacombe, Northamptonshire but also had a foundry at Witney.
Holy Rood parish is now part of the Benefice of Shill Valley and Broadshire, which includes also the parishes of Alvescot, Black Bourton, Broadwell, Broughton Poggs, Filkins, Holwell, Kelmscott, Kencot, Langford, Little Faringdon and Westwell.
Baptist.
Shilton has a Baptist chapel that was built in the early or mid 19th century. It may have been converted from a small barn.
Economic history.
Traditional houses and cottages in Shilton are built of local Cotswold stone. Shilton House was built in 1678 and is a Grade II* listed building.
Elm Farm dates from 1683.
Shilton Bridge across Shill Brook is a small stone hump-back bridge that was probably built in the 18th century. By the 1930s its stonework had become decayed, it was too narrow for modern traffic and its hump was too acute for some vehicles. In 1938 Oxfordshire County Council rebuilt the bridge, making the road across it wider and reducing the hump. The sides of the bridge were rebuilt using the original stones in their original relative positions as far as possible, while the widening of the bridge was achieved by inserting a concrete section in the middle of the road hidden from view.
Amenities.
Shilton has a 17th-century public house, the Rose and Crown.

</doc>
<doc id="2922770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922770" title="Stowe House">
Stowe House

Stowe House is a Grade I listed country house located in Stowe, Buckinghamshire, England. It is the home of Stowe School, an independent school and is owned by the Stowe House Restoration Trust who have to date (March 2013) spent more than £25m on the restoration of the house. The gardens (known as Stowe Landscape Gardens), a significant example of the English garden style, along with part of the Park, passed into the ownership of The National Trust in 1989 and are open to the public. The house is open to the public on 280 days a year with tours during the school holidays, and during term time. The parkland surrounding the gardens is open 365 days a year. National Trust members have free access to the gardens but there is a charge for all visitors to the house which goes towards the costs of restoring the building.
History.
The Temple family fortune was based on sheep farming, they were first recorded as such at Witney in Oxfordshire. Later from 1546 they had been renting a sheep farm in Burton Dassett in Warwickshire. The Stowe estate was leased from 1571 by Peter Temple, his son John Temple bought the manor & estate of Stowe in 1589 and it became the home of the Temple family. In the late 17th century, the house was completely rebuilt by Sir Richard Temple, 3rd Baronet, (c.1683) on the present site. This house is now the core of the mansion known today. The old medieval stronghold was located near Stowe Parish Church that is about 100 yards to the south-east of the current house. Having been redesigned subsequently over the years, the whole front is now in length and can be seen as you approach from the direction of Buckingham. A long, straight driveway ran from Buckingham all the way to the front of the house, passing through a 60-foot (18 m) Corinthian arch on the brow of the hill on the way. The driveway approach to the house is still in use today, although it no longer runs through the arch.
British and foreign aristocrats and royalty frequently stayed at the house throughout the 18th and 19th centuries. In 1725 The 3rd Earl of Carlisle and his wife stayed for a fortnight. The 1730s and 1740s saw visits by Henrietta, Countess of Suffolk, and The 1st Earl of Bath; The Prince Frederick, Prince of Wales, along with other friends of Lord Cobham (see the "Temple of Friendship"), were also frequent guests. In 1750 The 1st Earl of Bristol attended a reception at the house. In 1754 Count Stanisław August Poniatowski (the future King of Poland) visited the gardens. The 1760s saw two visits by Leopold III, Duke of Anhalt-Dessau, as part of his tours of English gardens in preparation for the creation of the Dessau-Wörlitz Garden Realm. 1768 saw the visit of King Christian VII of Denmark. In July 1770 there was a house party lasting several days whose guests included Princess Amelia, The Hon. Horace Walpole, Lady Mary Coke and The 2nd Earl of Bessborough. The Prince Regent (the future King George IV) came in 1805 and 1808. King Louis XVIII came in January 1808 for several days, his party including: the Comte d'Artois, Louis's brother and successor as King of France; the Duc d'Orléans (who would be France's last ever King); and the Prince of Condé.
1810 saw the visit of King Gustav IV Adolf of Sweden. Tsar Alexander I of Russia visited in 1810 and in 1814 Grand Duke Michael of Russia also visited. 1816 saw a visit by Hermann Graf Pückler. The "Graf", a famous travel writer from Upper Lusatia, was later elevated in the Prussian peerage as "Hermann, Fürst von Pückler-Muskau". Then in 1818 Grand Duke Nicholas (the future Tsar of Russia) visited. The same year saw the first of many visits by The Duke of Clarence (the future King of Great Britain and Ireland). Following King William IV's death, his widow Queen Adelaide stayed in 1840. That year also saw visits by The Duke of Cambridge and his son Prince George. In 1843 there were several visits by German royalty, with the British-born King Ernest Augustus I of Hanover and his wife, Frederica of Mecklenburg-Strelitz, staying at the house. Later that year, both Crown Prince Johann of Saxony and Crown Prince Wilhelm of Prussia (later the first German Kaiser) would stay at Stowe. Queen Victoria and Prince Albert stayed at the house for several days in 1845 (the first year of the Great Famine in Ireland). Due to financial problems, the family let the estate to the Comte de Paris from 1889 to 1894. The "Comte" died that year in the house; his body was laid in state in the Marble Saloon, during which period The Prince Albert Edward, Prince of Wales (the future King Edward VII), paid his respects.
Famous non-royal visitors included: Alexander Pope, a frequent visitor from 1724 onwards, who, in 1726, visited in the company of Dean Jonathan Swift and John Gay; another writer and friend to Lord Cobham who visited in the 1720s was William Congreve; in 1730 James Thomson wrote the poem "The Seasons" after visiting the gardens; in 1732 Gilbert West a nephew of Lord Cobham's, wrote his poem "Stowe" after visiting the gardens; 1750 saw the first of eight visits by Sanderson Miller; the 1750s also saw visits by Jean-Jacques Rousseau; in 1770 Thomas Whately wrote an extensive description of the gardens; François-Joseph Bélanger visited in 1777-8 and drew the gardens. In April 1786 John Adams (the future second President of the United States on tour with Thomas Jefferson—who would serve as his vice president before becoming President himself) visited Stow and other notable house in the area, after visiting them he wrote in his diary "Stowe, Hagley, and Blenheim, are superb; Woburn, Caversham, and the Leasowes are beautiful. Wotton is both great and elegant, though neglected". However his diary he was also damming about the means used to finance the large estates, and he did not think that the embellishments to the landscape, made by the owners of the great country houses, would suit the more rugged American countryside. William Crotch visited in 1805, as did Charles James Fox in the party that included the Prince Regent.
The Temple-Grenville family.
The propensity to marry heiresses is shown by the family name being changed to Temple-Nugent-Brydges-Chandos-Grenville by the late 18th-century. The following family members were the owners of the estate and creators of the house & gardens as they now exist:
Gallery of the main creators of Stowe.
John Temple was the first member of the family to serve as High Sheriff of Buckinghamshire and also Justice of the Peace.
Sir Thomas Temple first purchased a Knighthood in 1603 from James I then purchased from the same monarch the baronetcy in 1611. He was the first member of the family to serve as a Member of Parliament in 1588-9.
Sir Peter Temple was a supporter of Oliver Cromwell and served as a colonel in the parliamentary army during the English Civil War.
When the War of the Spanish Succession broke out in 1702 the 4th Baronet was appointed a colonel by William III, he was later promoted to Lieutenant General. First created Baron Cobham in 1714 by King George I, then in 1718 Viscount Cobham by the same king. In 1715 he married Anne Halsey an heiress of a rich London brewer. She brought a dowry of (£ as of ). He was a member of the Kit-Cat Club where he probably first met fellow members John Vanbrugh and Joseph Addison whose writings on garden design influenced the development of the gardens at Stowe. Cobham was the centre of the Whig party grouping of Cobhamites. His sister Hester was created Countess of Temple in her own right in 1749 by King George II, from which her son, heir to the estate inherited his title as 2nd Earl Temple.
Richard Grenville the future 2nd Earl Temple, married Anna Chamber in 1737, an heiress with a £50,000 fortune. He was leader of the Whig group known as the Grenvillites. King George II made Earl Temple a Knight of the Garter in 1760. Earl Temple was an active supporter of John Wilkes. When the Earl's cousin George Dodington, 1st Baron Melcombe died in 1762 he left his Vanbrugh designed house Eastbury Park and estates in Dorset to Earl Temple. He attempted to sell the house, but as no buyer could be found, he demolished most of the building using the marble from the house in the "Marble Saloon" at Stowe. The Eastbury estate was finally sold in 1806.
The 2nd Earl Temple's sister Hester married William Pitt the Elder who became Prime Minister of Great Britain. Their son William Pitt the Younger also served as Prime Minister. George Grenville the brother of the 2nd Earl Temple was also to serve as Prime Minister. William Grenville youngest brother of the 1st Marquess of Buckingham also served as Prime Minister, and it was during his premiership that the Atlantic slave trade was abolished. The final family member to be Prime Minister was William Ewart Gladstone. He married Catherine Glynne the granddaughter of Catherine sister of the 1st Marquess of Buckingham. Other notable politicians in the family included Thomas Grenville the brother of the 1st Marquess, Robert Nugent, 1st Earl Nugent the father-in-law of the 1st Marquess, Thomas Pitt, 1st Baron Camelford brother of William Pitt the elder, George Nugent-Grenville, 2nd Baron Nugent brother of the 1st Duke and the 1st Marquess's nephew Richard Griffin, 3rd Baron Braybrooke.
George Nugent-Temple-Grenville undertook the grand tour in 1774. In 1775 he married a Catholic heiress Mary Nugent, who had an income of £14,000 a year. He was created 1st Marquess of Buckingham in 1784 by King George III. On the death in 1788 of the Marquess's father-in-law Robert Nugent, 1st Earl Nugent he inherited the Earl's Irish () and Cornish estates.
The 2nd Marquess of Buckingham married in 1796 Anna Eliza Brydges the daughter and heiress of James Brydges, 3rd Duke of Chandos who had died in 1789. He thus acquired this wife's estates in Hampshire and Middlesex. Up until 1822 the family had been staunch Whigs, but in order to obtain the long sought Dukedom the family became Tories. The Dukedom was bestowed in 1822 by King George IV on Richard Temple-Nugent-Brydges-Chandos-Grenville 2nd Marquess who became the 1st Duke of Buckingham and Chandos. The deal was to support the then Prime Minister Lord Liverpool's administration. The family spent a great deal of money to control several rotten boroughs, including Old Sarum, whose M.P.s switch their support to the prime minister, although the 1832 Reform Act would end this practice. The 1st Duke was a Colonel in the Royal Buckinghamshire Militia (King's Own), he led his battalion in 1814 to France under the command of The Duke of Wellington.
The 2nd Duke through his mother Anna was descended from the House of Plantagenet and was an active member of the Royal Buckinghamshire Yeomanry. His support of which added to the debts of £1,464,959 (well over £100,000,000 in 2003 terms) he had accrued by 1845. He was called the "Greatest Debtor in the world". The Duke left to live abroad in August 1847 to escape his creditors. That year saw the sale of the family's London home Buckingham House in Pall Mall. In March 1848 the family estates in Ireland, Hampshire, Gloucestershire, Somerset, Cornwall, Oxfordshire, Northamptonshire & Middlesex some of land, were sold. Followed by the most valuable of the paintings, furniture and other art works at Stowe, over 21,000 bottles of wine and over 500 of spirits in the wine cellars below the "Marble Saloon", were all sold from 15 August to 7 October 1848 by Christie's. The auction was held in "The State Dining Room", but only raised £75,400. At the end of the sales the estate had contract to the core in Buckinghamshire. The garden staff were cut from 40 to 4.
Richard Plantagenet Campbell Temple-Nugent-Brydges-Chandos-Grenville, 3rd Duke of Buckingham and Chandos (10 September 1823–26 March 1889), usually shortened to Richard Temple-Grenville, was a British statesman of the 19th century, and a close friend and subordinate of Benjamin Disraeli. He was styled Marquess of Chandos until the death of his father in 1861.
With the death of the third Duke of Buckingham and Chandos in 1889, there remained no heirs-male to the dukedom, so it became extinct. After which ownership of the estate was separated from the title Earls Temple of Stowe which passed by special remainder in the letters patent, creating it through the female line to a nephew of the 3rd Duke William Temple-Gore-Langton, the son of Lady Anna Eliza Mary Grenville sister of the 3rd Duke. The fall of the family engendered Lord Rosebery's comment "The glories of the House, built up with so much care and persistence, vanished like a snow wreath".
After the death of her father the 3rd Duke, Lady Mary Morgan-Grenville tried to sell house and estate for £200,000, but nobody wished to buy it. It was then rented until 1894 after which the house remained unoccupied until 1901 when Lady Mary returned as a widow, her husband Major Luis Morgan-Grenville having died in 1896 and she lived in the house until 1908 when she passed it onto her unmarried son as he came of age at 21.
The last inheritor of the estate, Rev. Luis C.F.T. Morgan-Grenville, due to prodigious debts, sold the house, gardens and part of the park in 1921 to a Mr Harry Shaw for £50,000 who intended to present the house to the nation. But being unable to pay for an endowment to maintain the building it was sold again in 1922 to the governors of what became Stowe School. This opened on 11 May 1923. The rest of the estate was sold as separate lots. Clough Williams-Ellis purchased the Grand Avenue to prevent its felling to create building plots. Later he gave it to the school. The gardens remained in the ownership of the School until 1989 when an anonymous donor provided funds for an endowment and the National Trust assumed ownership. In 1997 the ownership of the house passed to the Stowe House Preservation Trust, the major aim of which is to restore the building.
The House.
The architectural history.
The house is the result of four main periods of development these are:
The exterior of the house has not been significantly changed since 1779, although in the first decade of the 19th century, the "Egyptian Hall" was added beneath the "North Portico" as a secondary entrance.
Stowe Library.
In 1793 George, 1st Marquess of Buckingham, converted "The East Gallery" into "The Large Library" and, in the first decade of the 19th century, on the ground floor created the "Gothic Library" to the designs of Sir John Soane. This is a rare example of Soane using the Gothic style.
The 1st Duke inherited the library of Lord Grenville, his uncle, described in 1824 as
Following the bankruptcy of the 2nd Duke, much of the valuable collection was sold. The library has provided provenance to many valued manuscripts including the Stowe 2 Psalter, Stowe 54, the Stowe Breviary and the "Stowe manuscripts".
The south facade.
The showpiece of the House is the south facade overlooking the gardens. This is one of the finest examples of neoclassical architecture in Britain. The main front stretches over . Divided into five major sections, these are: the central block around in width, the lower linking sections wide that contain on the west the State Dining Room and on the east The Large Library, then at the ends the two pavilions the same height as the central block about in width. The central block and the end pavilions are articulated at piano nobile level with unfluted Corinthian pilasters over tall which becomes a hexastyle portico supporting a pediment in the middle of the facade, there is a minor order of 48 Ionic columns over high that runs the length of the facade. The portico fronts a loggia that contains the doorway to the Marble Saloon, this is flanked by large niches that used to contain ancient Roman statues, between the columns of the portico used to be the marble sculpture of "Vertumnus and Pomona" by Laurent Delvaux now in the V&A. Above the niches is a large frieze on a Bacchic theme, this is based on an engraving in James Stuart's and Nicholas Revett's "Antiquities of Athens" of the frieze on the Choragic Monument of Lysicrates. There is a flight of thirty three steps the full width of the portico which descends to the South Lawn. The staircase has solid parapets either side that end in sculptures of lions standing and resting a paw on a ball. These are the original lions dating from the late 1700s. They were sold in 1921 to Blackpool Corporation and had been standing in Stanley Park in Blackpool but were reinstated in 2013 in a swap deal that saw copies going to Blackpool. Either side of the portico are two tripartite windows separated and flanked by Ionic columns. These are enclosed with an arch that contains a carved Portland stone tondo in the tympanum with carvings of The four seasons, and is in turn flanked by twin Corinthian pilasters the same size as the columns of the portico. The facade is surmounted by a balustraded parapet, in the centre of the parapet of the east pavilion is a sculpture of two reclining figures of Ceres and Flora the corresponding figures on the west pavilion are of Liberty and Religion. The end pavilions each have three tripartite windows matching those on the central block, the tondos of which are each carved with a sacrificial scene. The ground floor is lower than the floor above, about in height and visually acts as a base to the facade, it is of banded rustication with simple arched windows beneath each window on the upper floor. In 1790 a balustrade was added parallel to the façade that ran from the bottom of the steps the full length of the house and then returned at both ends, there are a series of 30 pedestals along the balustrade, that until their sale in 1921 were topped by bronze urns. These were replaced by replicas in 2013. This was probably added to keep visitors from the lower windows of the house, and formal flower beds were laid out in the area.
The major interiors.
During the sales of 1921 & 1922 all the remaining furnishing and art works not sold in 1848 were auctioned, as were several fittings including chimneypieces. Some of the family portraits and other items associated with the house have been bought back and are now on display in the House. Several owners of Stowe undertook the Grand Tour, Earl Temple spent 1729-33 in France, Switzerland & Italy, the 1st Marquess in 1774 visited Italy, the 2nd Duke before he inherited his title in 1817, and the 1st Duke in 1827-29 toured the Mediterranean aboard his yacht the "Anna Eliza" named after his wife. Many of the art works that adorned the house were acquired both during these trips and through the 1st Duke inheriting his father-in-law's art collection. The 1st Duke, before he inherited Stowe, also bought paintings at the sale of the Orleans Collection in 1798 and continued to buy paintings for another twenty years as well as books, engravings and the Stowe Service of Worcester Porcelain, as well as archaeological specimens. The main rooms are mainly located on the 1st floor (referred to in the USA as the 2nd floor) Piano nobile, a few are on the ground floor (referred to in the USA as the 1st floor).
The major rooms are:
Other areas of the house.
The house contains over 400 rooms. The ground floor rooms to the east of the "Gothic Library" were used by the family as personal rooms including the Billiard room, Sitting room, Water closet, Manuscript room, Gun room and Plunge pool. The rest of the ground floor was given over to the service areas. The house has low wings that are set back and project from the east and west pavilions of the south front. These extend north before projecting even further east and west. The full length of the house is over . These wings to the east included the riding school, coach houses and at the extreme east the stables designed by Vanbrugh. The west area includes the kitchen (still used as such by the school), the laundry, the dairy and at the extreme west the orangery, designed by Vanbrugh. Although the Central Pavilion of the south front appears to be only two floors high, there are in fact bedrooms over the State Music & Drawing rooms, these are lit by windows facing respectively east and west. The centre is filled by the "Marble Saloon" which rises to the full height of the building. There are more bedrooms on the 1st, 2nd and 3rd floors of the north front, and the west and east pavilions of the south front, where the 2nd floor is disguised in the same way as in the central pavilion.
The restoration of the house and gardens.
Since the 1848 sale the maintenance of the house and gardens was neglected. Though the school tried its best it was obvious by the 1980s that a major restoration was needed. On taking over ownership of the gardens the National Trust commissioned a survey on which to base a restoration strategy. Individual trees, boundaries, buildings, lakes, paths and fences were mapped. The first principle was to keep all buildings and planted features that were in existence by the time the last plan of the garden in 1843 was created. Another was to restore the main views and axes of the garden. The process was greatly helped by the "Stowe Papers", some 350,000 documents that are now in the collection of the Huntington Library, containing extensive and detailed information on the creation of both the house and gardens.
The first large-scale operation was to dredge the lakes and other water features. 320,000 tonnes of silt had to be removed. The wall of the ha-ha had largely collapsed and had to be rebuilt by hand. It was also found that very few trees survived before the 3rd Duke's time; he had all the mature trees felled to sell for their timber in order to raise cash. There had been a few plantings of commercial softwood, including a spruce plantation on the site of the "Saxon Deities". These were felled. Further thinning was carried out, including reopening views between the various buildings and monuments. Replanting of 20,000 trees and shrubs followed, using species present in the original garden. Paths which had become overgrown were re-excavated and eventually covered in gravel from local pits.
Over 100 pieces of statuary had been sold from the gardens in 1848, 1921 and 1922, so it was decided to replace them gradually with replicas as and when funds could be raised. In 1989-90 Peter Inskip assessed the condition of the buildings. Work on the restoration of the buildings, based on this survey, was then prioritised. The major restorations have been the "Grenville Column" (1991), the "Temple of Ancient Virtue" (1992), the "Oxford Gates and Lodges" (1994), the "Temple of Venus" (1995) and the "Temple of Concord & Victory" (1996). This last had been severely compromised when 16 columns had been removed to build the new school chapel in 1926. Replacement columns were carved and the building re-roofed at the cost of £1,300,000. The cost of this first stage was £10,000,000, the money coming from several sources: a public appeal, the Heritage Lottery Fund and grants from English Heritage as well as private donors and other grant-giving bodies. The restoration process adopted an approach where each building, or element of the gardens was informed by archaeology. In order to make informed decisions about what to restore and why, archaeological techniques such as geophysics, excavation, building recording and monitoring in the form of an archaeological watching brief were all utilised.
In 2002 the World Monuments Fund placed Stowe House on its List of Most Endangered Sites. The school had done its best to keep the house in good repair, including re-roofing the State Dining Room in 1990, repair of the north elevation of the West Pavilion in 1992 and the repair of the Marble Saloon's oculus skylight in 1994. On taking over ownership of the house in 1997, the Stowe House Preservation Trust commissioned a survey in order to scope the problem and come up with a restoration plan. The result was a six-phase plan, starting with the most urgent work. The estimated cost in 2002 for all six phases was nearly £40 million.
The phases are: Phase 1, the restoration of the North Front and Colonnades, started in the summer of 2000 and completed in July 2002, much of the money coming from the Heritage Lottery Fund, English Heritage, the Getty Grant Programme and Shanks First Fund. Phase 2, the restoration of the Central Pavilion and South Portico, took place from July 2003 to July 2006, thanks to funding by an anonymous U.S. philanthropist; the interior of the Marble Saloon was also undertaken. Phase 3, the restoration of the South Front, commenced in the autumn of 2009 and has been divided into sub-phases A, "The Large Library" roof, facades and ceiling completed July 2010; B, The Eastern Pavilion roof, facades and garden, completed July 2010; C, The Western Pavilion roof, and facades; D, "The State Dining room", roof, facades, ceiling and garden. If the funds can be raised it is hoped to complete Phase 3 in 2011 or 2012. Phase 4, the restoration of the West court and building range. Phase 5, the restoration of the Eastern court and building range. Phase 6, the restoration of the State Rooms (the "Marble Saloon", "Ante-Library" and "Large Library" have been restored, as were the "Music Room" and "Egyptian Hall" in 2012).
Stowe Landscape Gardens.
The history of the gardens.
In the 1690s, Stowe had a modest early-baroque parterre garden, owing more to Italy than to France, but it has not survived, and, within a relatively short time, Stowe became widely renowned for its magnificent gardens created by Lord Cobham. The Landscape Garden was created in three main phases, showing the development of garden design in 18th-century England (this is the only garden where all three designers worked):
After Brown left, Earl Temple who had inherited Stowe from his uncle Lord Cobham, turned to a garden designer called Richard Woodward, who had been gardener at Wotton House the Earl's previous home. The work of naturalising the landscape started by Brown was continued under Woodward, this was accomplished by the mid-1750s. At the same time Earl Temple turned his attention to the various temples and monuments. He altered several of Vanburgh's and Gibbs's temples to make them conform to his taste for Neoclassical architecture, to accomplish this he employed Giovanni Battista Borra from 1752 to 1756, also at this time several monuments were moved to other parts of the garden. Earl Temple made further alterations in the gardens from the early 1760s, this is when several of the older structures were demolished and this time he turned to his cousin Thomas Pitt, 1st Baron Camelford who was assisted by Borra, whose most notable design was the "Corinthian Arch".
The next owner of Stowe, the Marquess of Buckingham made relatively few changes to the gardens. He planted the two main approach avenues, added to the garden east of the "Cobham Monument" and altered a few buildings, Vincenzo Valdrè was his architect, most notably the "Queen's Temple" and built a few new structures, such as "The Menagerie" with its formal garden and the "Buckingham Lodges" at the southern end of the "Grand Avenue". He also created the formal gardens within the balustrade he added to the south front of the house and demolished a few more monuments in the gardens.
The last significant changes to the gardens were made by the next two owners of Stowe, the 1st Duke of Buckingham and Chandos. He succeeded in buying the Lamport Estate in 1826, which was immediately to the east of the gardens, adding to the south-east of the gardens to form the "Lamport gardens", this work was overseen by the head gardener, James Brown, he remodelled the eastern arm of the "Octagon Lake" and created a cascade beyond the "Palladian Bridge", from 1840 2nd Duke of Buckingham's gardener Mr Ferguson created rock and water gardens in the new garden, the architect Edward Blore was also employed to build the "Lamport Lodge and Gates" as a carriage entrance, he also remodelled the "Water Stratford Lodge" at the start of the "Oxford Avenue".
As Stowe evolved from an English baroque garden into a pioneering landscape park, the gardens became an attraction for many of the nobility, including political leaders. Indeed, Stowe is said to be the first English garden for which a guide book was produced. Wars and rebellions were reputedly discussed among the garden's many temples; the artwork of the time reflected this by portraying caricatures of the better-known politicians of history taking their ease in similar settings. Stowe began to evolve into a series of natural views to be appreciated from a perambulation rather than from a well-chosen central point. In their final form the Gardens were the largest and most elaborate example of what became known in Europe as the English garden. The main gardens, enclosed within the ha-has (sunken or trenched fences) over four miles (6 km) in length, cover over , but the park also has many buildings, including gate lodges and other monuments.
Many of the temples and monuments in the garden celebrate the political ideas of the Whig party and include quotes by many of the writers who are part of Augustan literature, also philosophers and ideas belonging to the Age of Enlightenment.
The fame of the gardens was spread by various means.
Alexander Pope who first stayed at the house in 1724, wrote the following passage celebrating the design of Stowe as part of a tribute to Richard Boyle, 3rd Earl of Burlington. The full title of the 1st edition (1731) was "An Epistle to the Right Honourable Richard Earl of Burlington, Occasion'd by his Publishing Palladio's Designs of the Baths, Arches, Theatres, &c. of Ancient Rome". This passage consists of lines 47-70 of the poem.
"To build, to plant, whatever you intend,"
"To rear the Column, or the Arch to bend,"
"To swell the Terras, or to sink the Grot;"
"In all, let Nature never be forgot."
"But treat the Goddess like a modest fair,"
"Nor over-dress, nor leave her wholly bare;"
"Let not each beauty ev'ry where be spy'd,"
"Where half the skill is decently to hide."
"He gains all points who pleasingly confounds"
"Surprises, varies, and conceals the Bounds."
"Consult the Genius of the Place in all;"
"That tells the Waters or to rise, or fall,"
"Or helps th' ambitious Hill the heav'n to scale,"
"Or scoops in circling theatres the Vale,"
"Calls in the Country, catches opening glades,"
"Joins willing woods, and varies shades from shades,"
"Now breaks or now directs th' intending Lines;"
"Paints as you plant, and, as you work, designs."
"Still follow Sense, of ev'ry Art the Soul,"
"Parts answ'ring parts shall slide into a whole,"
"Spontaneous beauties all around advance,"
"Start ev'n from Difficulty, strike from Chance;"
"Nature shall join you, Time shall make it grow"
"A Work to wonder at--perhaps a STOWE.""
In 1730 James Thomson published his poem "Autumn", part of his four works "The Seasons", these are lines 1033-81, which are about Stowe:
"Oh! bear me then to vast embowering shades,"
"To twilight groves, and visionary vales,"
"To weeping grottoes, and prophetic glooms!"
"Where angel forms athwart the solemn dusk"
"Tremendous sweep, or seem to sweep along;"
"And voices more than human, through the void"
"Deep-sounding, seize the enthusiastic ear."
"Or is this gloom too much? Then lead, ye powers"
"That o'er the garden and the rural seat"
"Preside, which shining through the cheerful land"
"In countless numbers blest Britannia sees,"
"Oh lead me to the wide-extended walks,"
"The fair majestic paradise of Stowe!"
"Not Persian Cyrus on Ionia's shore"
"E'er saw such sylvan scenes; such various art"
"By genius fired, such ardent genius tamed"
"By cool judicious art -- that in the strife,"
"All-beauteous Nature fears to be outdone."
"And there, O Pitt, thy country's early boast,"
"There let me sit beneath the sheltered slopes,"
"Or in that temple where, in future times,"
"Thou well shalt merit a distinguished name;"
"And with thy converse blest, catch the last smiles"
"Of Autumn beaming o'er the yellow woods."
"While there with thee the enchanted round I walk,"
"The regulated wild, gay fancy then"
"Will tread in thought the groves of Attic land;"
"Will from thy standard taste refine her own,"
"Correct her pencil to the purest truth"
"Of Nature, or, the unimpassioned shades"
"Forsaking, raise it to the human mind."
"Or if hereafter she, with juster hand,"
"Shall draw the tragic scene, instruct her thou,"
"To mark the varied movements of the heart,"
"What every decent character requires,"
"And every passion speaks -- oh! through her strain"
"Breathe thy pathetic eloquence! that moulds"
"The attentive senate, charms, persuades, exalts,"
"Of honest zeal the indignant lightning throws,"
"And shakes corruption on her venal throne."
"While thus we talk, and through Elysian vales"
"Delighted rove, perhaps a sigh escapes;"
"What pity, Cobham, thou thy verdant files"
"Of ordered trees shouldst here inglorious range,"
"Instead of squadrons flaming o'er the field,"
"And long embattled hosts! when the proud foe,"
"The faithless vain disturber of mankind,"
"Insulting Gaul, has roused the world to war;"
"When keen, once more, within their bounds to press"
"Those polished robbers, those ambitious slaves,"
"The British youth would hail thy wise command,"
"Thy tempered ardor, and thy veteran skill"
In 1732 Lord Cobham's nephew Gilbert West wrote a lengthy poem "The Gardens of the Right Honourable Richard Viscount Cobham" that is actually a guide to the gardens in verse form. Charles Bridgeman commissioned 15 engravings of the gardens from Jacques Rigaud, these were published in 1739. In 1744 Benton Seeley published "A Description of the Gardens of Lord Cobham at Stow Buckinghamshire". In 1748 William Gilpin produced the "Views of the Temples and other Ornamental Buildings in the Gardens at Stow" followed in 1749 by "A Dialogue upon the Gardens at Stow". A Pirated copy of all three books was published in 1750 by George Bickham as "The Beauties of Stow". To cater to the large number of French visitors in 1748 a French guidebook "Les Charmes de Stow" was published. In the 1750s Jean-Jacques Rousseau had visited the gardens and his writings about the gardens helped spread their fame and influence throughout Europe, he had this to say 'Stowe is composed of very beautiful and very picturesque spots chosen to represent different kinds of scenery, all of which seem natural except when considered as a whole, as in the Chinese gardens of which I was telling you. The master and creator of this superb domain has also erected ruins, temples and ancient buildings, like the scenes, exhibit a magnificence which is more than human'. George Louis Le Rouge published in 1777 "Détails de nouveaux jardins à la mode" that included engravings of buildings at Stowe as well as at other famous gardens in Britain. In Germany Christian Cay Lorenz Hirschfeld published "Theorie der Gartenkunst" in 5 volumes in Leipzig 1779–1785, that included Stowe. The last edition of the Seeley guide was published in 1827. In 1805-9 John Claude Nattes painted 105 wash drawings of both the house and gardens.
The main divisions of the garden are:
The approaches.
There are two main entrances to the Park, the Grand Avenue, from Buckingham to the south and the Oxford Avenue from the south-west, this leads to the forecourt of the house. The "Grand Avenue" was created in the 1770s, in width and one and half miles in length, lined originally with elm trees. The elms succumbed in the 1970s to Dutch elm disease and were replaced with alternate beech & chestnut trees. The "Grand Avenue" by the "Corinthian Arch" turns to the west to join the "Queen's Drive" that connects to the "Oxford Avenue" just below the "Boycott Pavilions". The "Oxford Avenue" was planted in the 1790s, and sold to the National Trust in 1985 by the great-great grandson of the 3rd Duke, Robert Richard Grenville Close-Smith (1936-1992), a local landowner. Close-Smith was the grandson of the Honourable Mrs. Caroline Mary Close-Smith, who was the 11th Lady Kinloss's daughter. This was one of the first acquisitions of the Trust at Stowe.
The buildings in this area are:
The forecourt.
Located in front of the north facade of the house, this has in its centre:
The south vista.
This includes the tree-flanked sloping lawns to the south of the House down to the "Octagon Lake" and a mile and a half beyond to the "Corinthian Arch" beyond which stretches the "Grand Avenue" of over a mile and a half to Buckingham. This is the oldest area of the gardens. There were walled gardens on the site of the south lawn from the 1670s that belonged to the old house. These gardens were altered in the 1680s when the house was rebuilt on the present site. They were again remodelled by Bridgeman from 1716. The lawns with the flanking woods took on their current character from 1741 when 'Capability' Brown re-landscaped this area.
The buildings in this area are:
"Crevere Vires, Famaque & Imperi"
"Porrecta Majestas ad ortum"
"Solis ab Hesperio Cubili"
"Custode rerum Cæsare"
"GEORGIO AUGUSTO."
"(Under the care of Cæsar's scepter'd hand,"
"With strength and fame increas'd, this favour'd Land"
"The Majesty of her vast Empire spread,"
"From the Sun rising to his Western bed.)"
The Elysian fields.
Is to the immediate east of the South Vista, designed by William Kent, work started on this area of the gardens in 1734. The area covers about . There is a series of buildings and monuments surrounding two narrow lakes, called the "river Styx", that step down to a branch of "the Octagon Lake". The adoption of the name alludes to Elysium, and the monuments in this area are to the virtuous dead of both Britain and ancient Greece. The main species of trees originally planted included alder, elm, chestnut & pine also ivy was planted and encouraged to grow over dead tree-trunks to create a suitable melancholy mood. The buildings in this area are:
"Goddess of the silver wave,"
"To thy thick embower'd cave,"
"To arched walks, and twilight groves,"
"And shadows brown, which Sylvan loves"
"When the sun begins to fling"
"His flaring beams, me, Goddess, bring."
The Hawkwell Field.
Is to the east of the Elysian Fields, also known as "The Eastern Garden". This area of the gardens was developed in the 1730s & 1740s, an open area surrounded by some of the larger buildings.
The buildings in this area are:
"Vitae imitatio Consuetudinis speculum Comoedia"
"(Comedy is the imitation of life, and the glass of fashion)"
"Ingenio Acri, faceto, expolito, Moribusque Urabnis"
"candidis, facillimis, Gulielmi Congreve, Hoc Qualecunque"
"desiderii sui Solamen simul & Monumentum Posuit"
"(In the year 1736, COBHAM erected this poor consolation of"
"as well as Monument of, his loss of the piercing, elegant, polished"
"Wit and civilized candid most unaffected Manners of William Congreve)"
This is a copy of the bridge at Wilton House. The main difference is that the Stowe version is designed to be used by horse-drawn carriages so is set lower with shallow ramps instead of steps on the approach. It was completed in 1738 probably under the direction of Gibbs. Of five arches, the central wide and segmental with carved keystone, the two flanking semi-circular also with carved keystones, the two outer segmental. There is a balustraded parapet, the middle three arches also supporting an open pavilion. Above the central arch this consists of colonnades of four full and two half columns of unfluted Roman Ionic order. Above the flanking arches there are pavilions with arches on all four sides. These have engaged columns on their flanks and ends of the same order as the colonnade which in turn support pediments. The roof is of slate, with an elaborate plaster ceiling. It originally crossed a stream that emptied from the "Octagon Lake", and when the lake was enlarged and deepened, made more natural in shape in 1752, this part of the stream became a branch of the lake.
The Lamport Gardens.
Lying to the east of the Eastern Gardens,and named after the vanished hamlet of Lamport, the gardens were created from 1826 by Richard Temple-Grenville, 1st Duke of Buckingham and Chandos and his gardener James Brown, from 1840 2nd Duke of Buckingham's gardener Mr Ferguson and the architect Edward Blore as an ornamental rock and water garden. The buildings in this area are:
The Grecian valley.
Is to the north of the Eastern Garden. Designed by Capability Brown and created from 1747 to 1749, this is Brown's first known landscape design. An L-shaped area of lawns covering about , was formed by excavating of earth by hand and removed in wheelbarrows with the original intention of creating a lake. Mature Lime and Elm trees were transplanted from elsewhere on the estate to create a mature landscape. Other tree species that Brown used in this and other areas of the gardens include: Cedar, Yew, Beech, Sycamore, Larch & Scots Pine. The buildings in this area are:
The designer of this the largest of the garden buildings is unknown, both Earl Temple and Thomas Pitt, 1st Baron Camelford have been suggested as the architect. Built from stone, between 1747 and 1749, the building is located where the two legs of the valley meet. It is raised on a podium with a flight of steps up to the main entrance, the cella and pronaos is surrounded by a peristyle of 28 fluted Roman Ionic columns, ten on the flanks and six at each end. The main pediment contains a sculpture by Peter Scheemakers of "Four Quarters of the World bringing their Various Products to Britannia", there are six statues acroterion of cast lead painted to resemble stone on both the east and west pediments. In the frieze of the entablature are the words "CONCORDIAE ET VICTORIAE", the sculpture on the building dates from the 1760s when it was converted into a monument to the British victory in the Seven Years' War. The ceiling of the peristyle is based on an engraving by Robert Wood of a ceiling in Palmyra. Within the pronaos and cella are 16 terracotta medallions commemorating British Victories. The wooden doors are painted a Prussian blue with gilded highlights on the moldings. Above the door is an inscription by Valerius Maximus:
"Quo Tempore Salus eorum in ultimas Ausustias deducta"
"nullum Ambitioni Locum relinquebat"
"(The Times with such alarming Dangers fraught"
"Left not a Hope for any factious Thought)"
The interior end wall of the cella has an aedicule containing a statue of Liberty. Above is this inscription:
"Candidis autem animis voluptatem praebuerint in"
"cinspicuo posita qua cuique magnifica merito contigerunt"
"(A sweet sensation touches every breast of candour's generous sentiment possest,"
"When public services with honour due, are gratefully marked out to public view)"
When the School built its Chapel in the late 1920s, 16 of the 28 columns from this Temple were moved to the new building, being replaced with plain brickwork. One of the earliest National Trust restoration works was to create replacement columns with which to restore the Temple.
The western garden.
Is to the immediate west of the South Vista, including the "Eleven-Acre Lake". This area of the gardens was developed from 1712 to 1770s when it underwent its final landscaping. The "Eleven-acre lake" was extended and given a natural shape in 1752. The buildings in this area are:
"Nunc amet qui nondum amavit:"
"Quique amavit, nunc amet."
"(Let him love now, who never lov'd before:"
"Let him, who always lov'd, now love the more.)"
Demolished buildings and monuments.
As the design of the Gardens evolved many changes were made. This resulted in the demolition of many monuments. The following is a list by area of such monuments.
The Approaches
The forecourt
The western garden
"Lamented Vanbrugh! This thy last Design,"
"Among the various Structures, that around,"
"Form'd by thy Hand, adorn this happy Ground,"
"This, sacred to thy Memory shall stand:"
"Cobham, and grateful Friendship so command."
The Elysian fields
The Eastern Garden
The Grecian Valley
The park.
The school had given the National Trust a protective covenant over the gardens in 1967, but the first part they actually acquired was the of the "Oxford Avenue" in 1985, purchased from the great-great-grandson of the 3rd Duke, Robert Richard Grenville Close-Smith, a local landowner. The National Trust has pursued a policy of acquiring more of the original estate, only a fraction of which was owned by the school, in 1989 the school donated including the gardens. In 1992 some of "Stowe Castle Farm" located to the east of the gardens was purchased and in 1994 part of "New Inn Farm" to the south of the gardens was bought. Then of "Home Farm" to the north and most of the fallow deer-park to the south-west of the gardens were acquired in 1995, this was restored in 2003 there are now around 500 deer in the park. In 2005 a further of "New Inn Farm" including the Inn itself were acquired. The Trust now owns of the original park. In the mid-1990s the National Trust replanted the double avenue of trees that surrounded the ha-ha to the south and south-west including the two bastions that project into the park on which sit the temples of "Friendship" at the south-east corner and "Venus" at the south-west corner, connecting with the "Oxford Avenue" by the "Boycott Pavilions", the "Oxford Avenue" then continues to the north-east following the ha-ha and ends level with the "Fane of Pastoral Poetry" at the north-east corner of the gardens.
The buildings in the Park include:
Listed status.
Stowe has one of the largest concentrations of grade I listed buildings in England. There are separate grade I listings in place for:
This is nearly 0.5% of the approximately 6,000 grade I listings in England and Wales. The other historic buildings in the garden and park are listed grade II* or grade II.
Stowe on film.
The house and gardens have also featured in documentary films:

</doc>
<doc id="2922774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922774" title="1500 in science">
1500 in science

The year 1500 AD in science and technology included many events, some of which are listed here.

</doc>
<doc id="2922777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922777" title="Canton of Tarascon">
Canton of Tarascon

The Canton of Tarascon is a French canton located in the Bouches-du-Rhône "département" of France, in the arrondissement of Arles.
"Conseiller Général": Lucien Limousin (Union for a Popular Movement)
Population: 16,879.
It contains the following communes:

</doc>
<doc id="2922778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922778" title="Johnny Mostil">
Johnny Mostil

John Anthony Mostil (June 1, 1896 – December 10, 1970) was an American center fielder in Major League Baseball who played his entire career for the Chicago White Sox (1918, 1921–29). Born in Chicago, Illinois, he had a career batting average of .301.
Career.
Mostil led the American League in runs scored in 1925, and in stolen bases in 1925 and 1926. Mostil attempted suicide in 1927. He recovered, but only played two more years.
After baseball.
After retiring as an active player, Mostil became a minor league manager and a scout for the White Sox. In the 1960s, he coached at the Chicago White Sox Boys Camp, a sports camp in Brothertown, Wisconsin, owned by the Chicago White Sox. Mostil died at age 74 in Midlothian, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="2922783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922783" title="Meridel Le Sueur">
Meridel Le Sueur

Meridel Le Sueur (February 22, 1900, Murray, Iowa – November 14, 1996, Hudson, Wisconsin) was an American writer associated with the proletarian movement of the 1930s and 1940s. Born as Meridel Wharton, she assumed the name of her mother's second husband, Arthur Le Sueur, the former Socialist mayor of Minot, North Dakota.
Life and career.
Le Sueur, the daughter of William Winston Wharton and Marian "Mary Del" Lucy, was born into a family of social and political activists. Her grandfather was a supporter of the Protestant fundamentalist temperance movement, and she "grew up among the radical farmer and labor groups ... like the Populists, the Farmers' Alliance and the Wobblies, the Industrial Workers of the World." Le Sueur was heavily influenced by poems and stories that she heard from Native American women.
"After a year studying dance and physical fitness at the American College of Physical Education in Chicago, Illinois, Meridel moved to New York City, where she lived in an anarchist commune with Emma Goldman and studied at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts." She dropped out of high school and attended the American Academy of Dramatic Arts. She worked in Hollywood as an extra in The Perils of Pauline and Last of the Mohicans, as a stuntwoman in silent movies, and as a writer and journalist.
Starting in her late teens, she wrote for liberal newspapers about unemployment, migrant workers, and the Native American fight for autonomy. By 1925, she had become a member of the Communist Party.
Like other writers of the period such as John Steinbeck, Nelson Algren, and Jack Conroy, Le Sueur wrote about the struggles of the working class during the Great Depression. She published articles in the "New Masses" and "The American Mercury."
Her best known books are "North Star Country" (1945), a people’s history of Minnesota, and the novel "The Girl", which was written in the 1930s but not published until 1978. In the 1950s, Le Sueur was blacklisted as a communist, but her reputation was revived in the 1970s, when she was hailed as a proto-feminist for her writings in support of women’s rights. She also wrote on Goddess spirituality in a poetry volume titled "Rites of Ancient Ripening," which was illustrated by her daughter.
During the 1960s, she traveled around the country, attending campus protests and conducting interviews.
An occasional actor in films, in her later years Le Sueur lived in St. Paul, MN, and wrote popular children’s biographies, including "Nancy Hanks of Wilderness Road", "The Story of Davy Crockett", and "The Story of Johnny Appleseed".
"Women on the Breadlines".
The short 1932 piece "Women on the Breadlines" is one of Le Sueur's most recognized proleterian works. Here, LeSueur wrote of the struggles that women faced during the Depression Era and how they were confined to limiting roles. While most of the characters presented in this work are struggling women searching for work, some are depicted as having nowhere to go but to "work in the streets." Through this and other works, Le Sueur opened the door for future female artists that wanted to write confrontational poetry, mediating the personal and the political. 
Legacy.
She is commemorated in Minneapolis, Minnesota, in the Meridel Le Sueur building in the Cedar-Riverside neighborhood.
The 1999 song "Go" on the album Come On Now Social, by the Indigo Girls has a spoken passage inspired by Le Seur's "I Was Marching".
A play based on LeSueur's life, "Hard Times Come Again No More," written by her friend, Martha Boesing, was performed at the Hennepin Center for the Arts' Illusion Theater in Minneapolis in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="2922787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922787" title="Al Downing (baseball)">
Al Downing (baseball)

Alphonso Erwin Downing (born June 28, 1941) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. An All Star in 1967 and NL Comeback Player of the Year in 1971, Downing surrendered Hank Aaron's record breaking 715th home run on April 8, .
Early life.
Downing was born in Trenton, New Jersey. He attended Trenton Central High School and Rider College (now known as Rider University) in Lawrenceville, New Jersey.
New York Yankees.
Downing signed with the New York Yankees as an amateur free agent in , and was already on the major league roster by July of that season. In his first full major league season, , Downing went 13-5 with a 2.56 earned run average for a Yankee team that went 104-57, but were swept by the Los Angeles Dodgers in the 1963 World Series. In , he went 13-8 with a 3.47 earned run average, and led the league with 217 strikeouts.
Downing was 9-5 with a 2.66 ERA when he made his only All-Star team in . He pitched two innings, giving up no earned runs while striking out two. On August 11, he struck out three batters (Tony Horton, Don Demeter and Duke Sims) on nine pitches in the second inning of a 5-3 win over the Cleveland Indians. Downing became the sixth American League pitcher and the 13th pitcher in Major League history to accomplish this feat.
Injuries limited Downing to only twelve starts in . In , Yankees manager Ralph Houk began using Downing out of the bullpen more, as he made fifteen starts and fifteen relief appearances. He was traded to the Oakland Athletics prior to the along with catcher Frank Fernández for Danny Cater and Ossie Chavarria.
NL Comeback Player of the Year.
Downing's stay in Oakland was short lived, as he was dealt to the Milwaukee Brewers on June 11, 1970 with Tito Francona for Steve Hovley. Despite a respectable 3.34 ERA, Downing's record was 2-10 for a Brewers team that narrowly escaped losing 100 games (97). For the season, Downing went 5-13 with a 3.52 ERA and 79 strikeouts in 27 games and 22 starts between his two teams.
Prior to the start of the season, Downing was traded to the Los Angeles Dodgers for Andy Kosco. Downing turned things around in his first season in the National League, winning twenty games, including a league-leading five shutouts. He earned NL Comeback Player of the Year honors as well as finishing third in NL Cy Young award balloting behind Hall of Famers Ferguson Jenkins and Tom Seaver.
After giving up Hank Aaron's famous 715th home run on April 8, 1974, Downing made his third, and final post-season appearance that season. His Dodgers lost four games to one to the Oakland A's. Downing played two more full seasons with the Dodgers, and was released during the season with a 0-1 record and 6.75 ERA.
Broadcasting career.
Downing served as a color analyst on Dodgers cable-TV broadcasts from 1980-87 and on Dodgers radio in 2005. He also broadcast for CBS Radio in the 1990s, and the Atlanta Braves in 2000. As of 2006, he remains on the Dodgers Speaker's Bureau.

</doc>
<doc id="2922790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922790" title="Florida State Road 878">
Florida State Road 878

State Road 878 (SR 878), named the Snapper Creek Expressway for its entire length, is a east–west electronic toll road south of Miami, Florida. The expressway is named for the nearby Snapper Creek which runs parallel to SR 878. It acts as a spur route of the Don Shula Expressway (SR 874), providing access to U.S. Route 1 (US 1) near South Miami and local access to the eastern Kendall area while bypassing the Dadeland district. The road is maintained and tolled by the Miami-Dade Expressway Authority (MDX).
Route description.
From here, SR 878 heads predominantly eastwards as a four-lane-wide expressway through residential neighborhoods for the remainder of its length, generally lying north of Kendall Drive. After approximately , the Snapper Creek Expressway passes through the 87th Avenue toll gantry. It then meets Galloway Road (SR 973) shortly afterwards with a diamond interchange. The expressway then enters Glenvar Heights once it crosses SR 973 and remains in that district for the rest of its duration. Just before passing over the Palmetto Expressway (SR 826) without an interchange (approximately east of Galloway Road), SR 878 meets its second and final toll gantry.
About east of the Palmetto Expressway, SR 878 has a partial diamond interchange with Southwest 72nd Avenue, which only allows westbound entry to and eastbound exit from the Snapper Creek Expressway. Immediately afterwards, SR 878 turns to the southeast and prepares to meet its eastern terminus at the South Dixie Highway (US 1) at a surface intersection later, passing under the Metrorail line and associated MetroPath just before doing so. Traffic heading south along US 1 from eastbound SR 878 moves into a slip lane, while that wishing to head north along US 1 enters it at an oblique angle, aided by traffic signals. The only access onto SR 878 westbound from US 1 is for southbound traffic; motorists heading north along US 1 are guided to SR 878 by signage along Southwest 67th Avenue and Southwest 80th Street.
Tolls.
SR 878's tolls are entirely electronic: cash cannot be accepted along its length. Payment is done either via SunPass transponders or via toll-by-plate billing, the latter of which attracts a higher cost. Two toll gantries are located along the Snapper Creek Expressway, the first between the Don Shula Expressway and Galloway Road, and the second between Galloway Road and Southwest 72nd Avenue. The relationship between the tolling points and interchanges along SR 878 and SR 874 is that all motorists are charged at least one toll for using the road; there are no "free sections". As of July 1, 2013, the cost for a two-axle vehicle to travel the entire length of the Snapper Creek Expressway is $0.50 with a SunPass transponder, or $1.00 via the toll-by-plate program. Each additional axle on a vehicle attracts an extra $0.25 via SunPass or $0.50 via toll-by-plate for each toll gantry passed.
History.
Planning by Dade County for a road named the "Snapper Creek Expressway" was underway as early as 1958, with a final completion date set as late as 1975. Funding for SR 878's construction was made available in 1971 by the Florida Department of Transportation as part of plans to construct the Snapper Creek Expressway along with the South Dade Expressway (now known as the Don Shula Expressway) and the West Dade Expressway (now known as the Homestead Extension of Florida's Turnpike), with an expected completion date of early 1973. Construction was halted in 1974 due to money issued from county bonds for expressway building running out, and the road was left partially completed; however, $8 million in federal emergency funds was directed to completing the expressway in late 1977. The Snapper Creek Expressway, designated SR 878, finally opened in early 1980, with the Southwest 72nd Avenue interchange opening a few weeks later.
No tolls were collected along SR 878, in line with the road's original plans, until MDX's initial roll-out of open road tolling from late 2009 to mid-2010 on its road network. Tolling along the Snapper Creek Expressway began on July 17, 2010. The move to toll the Snapper Creek Expressway angered local residents, but was tempered by MDX's move to investigate toll rebates. Initially, tolls were $0.25 for SunPass users, with a $0.15 surcharge for motorists using the toll-by-plate system. The toll-by-plate rate increased by ten cents on July 1, 2013, to $0.50 per toll gantry passed, while the SunPass rate was unaffected.

</doc>
<doc id="2922795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922795" title="Feng Kun">
Feng Kun

Feng Kun (; born 28 December 1978 in Beijing) was the China women's national volleyball team setter and captain. She was awarded MVP and Best Setter award at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, where China won the gold medal in volleyball.
Career.
Feng started to play volleyball at the age of 12 and was selected for the Beijing volleyball team at 16. A year later she was selected for the national team. During this time the China team was at a low point after years of world dominance in the sport. However, the team began to rejuvenate and won the Asian Championship in 2001, came fourth in the World Championship in 2002, won the World Cup in 2003, and then went on to win at the Olympic Games in Athens, having defeated reigning champions Cuba and come from two sets down in the final to beat Russia.
She won the 2008–09 CEV Cup playing with Asystel Novara and was awarded "Best Blocker".
After the end of the 2010/2011 season of the Chinese Volleyball League playing for Guangdong Evergrande V.C., she announced her retirement from professional volleyball in August 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="2922797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922797" title="Friday Party">
Friday Party

"Friday Party" is the second single by Japanese pop group AAA. The song was written by m.c.A.T and was included in the group's first studio album "Attack". The single was released in Japan on October 5, 2005, under Avex Trax in two editions: a CD-only edition, and a CD and DVD edition. "Friday Party" debuted at number 17 on the weekly Oricon singles chart. The single charted for 10 weeks and went on to sell over 12,000 copies in Japan.
Composition.
"Friday Party" was written, composed and arranged by m.c.A.T.
Release and promotion.
"Friday Party" was released on October 5, 2005, in two editions: a CD-only edition, and a CD and DVD edition, which included the music video for the song. In that same month, the song was used as the ending theme song for Nippon Television's music television show "Music Fighter". It was also used as the theme song for television series "Sports Urugusu" and in a television advertisement for music.jp.
Chart performance.
"Friday Party" debuted at number 17 on the weekly Oricon singles charts, selling 6,835 copies in its first week. It went on to chart for 10 weeks and sold over 12,000 copies in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="2922806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922806" title="In Their Darkened Shrines">
In Their Darkened Shrines

In Their Darkened Shrines is the third studio album by American death metal band Nile. It was released on August 20, 2002 through Relapse Records.
The lyrics to "In Their Darkened Shrines IV: Ruins" are borrowed from the H. P. Lovecraft short story, "The Nameless City". These lyrics are not actually spoken in the song, as it is an instrumental. Along with "In Their Darkened Shrines I: Hall of Saurian Entombment", the lyrics are supplementary to the theme of the instrumental.
The two main melodies of "Unas Slayer Of The Gods" are a tribute to "Gothic Stone/The Well of Souls" by Candlemass, from their doom metal album "Nightfall".

</doc>
<doc id="2922808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922808" title="Australian Rules Football League of Ireland">
Australian Rules Football League of Ireland

The Australian rules football League of Ireland (ARFLI) is an Australian rules football competition and is the governing body of Australian Football in Ireland. Ireland is ranked the number one country in Australian football outside of Australia despite having a smaller league than some of its competitors.
Ireland has been a competitor and finalist in all AFL International Cups and a winner twice. The success of the Irish team has commonly been attributed to the ease at which Gaelic footballers adapt to the Australian football because of certain similarities between the two codes.
The league is an international affiliate of the Australian Football League and a founding member of the European governing body, AFL Europe. The league is not affiliated with the Gaelic Athletic Association or the International Rules Series.
History.
The ARFLI was formed in October 2000 after the first ever Irish Grand Final was contested between Dublin Demons and Belfast Redbacks. Aussie Rules had arrived in Ireland almost exactly a year previously when Aussie Rules clubs were simultaneously formed in Dublin and Belfast. The two clubs recruited and trained through the winter and played a number of British clubs in challenge matches in early spring. 
The Demons then travelled to London in April 2000, where they took part in the FSS Cup - BARFL’s (British Australian Rules Football League) pre-season competition. The Dublin lads finished third out of twelve teams in their first real competitive games and people sat up and took notice that Aussie Rules had arrived in the Emerald Isle. The Demons and Redbacks then played out a best of three series that culminated in the previously mentioned Grand Final with the Demons being crowned Irelands first Aussie Rules Champions. 
After this game, Michael Currane (originally from Kilmihil in West Clare), ARFLI Chief Executive Officer, and Ciaran O hEeadhra from the Gaeilteacht area of Mayo, who had both been actively involved with the Dublin club from the start, decided that it was time to take the sport of Aussie Rules on a step in Ireland, and working in close collaboration with the existing clubs in Dublin and Belfast, set up the Australian Rules Football League of Ireland. They wanted to see the game develop and saw the huge potential for the sport to be a success due to the obvious similarities with Gaelic football.
ARFLI spent the following few months promoting the game and encouraging and assisting with the formation of new clubs. The Leeside Lions (based in Cork City) were the next team to be formed (by Brian Currane, younger brother of Michael, and Diarmuid Griffin from Doolin in Co. Clare). The Lions had quite a debut year with the club contesting both domestic finals that season. The Lions were quickly followed by the Drogheda Dockers (founded by Justin Stubbs - an Aussie based in the County Louth town) and the Midland Tigers (based in Mullingar and founded by Paul Ryan, an Aussie expat and local man Tom Leavy). ARFLI had grown to a five-club organisation in as many months. The founding clubs of ARFLI are the Belfast Redbacks, Dublin Demons, Leeside Lions, Drogheda Dockers and Midland Tigers.
From the early days, ARFLI’s co-founders Currane and O ‘Headhra were also heavily involved with developing relations with other leagues and promoting the sport internationally. Even though Aussie Rules had been played in many countries worldwide, for upwards of ten/fifteen years there was a lack of organised international interaction. In response to this, Michael founded the EARFC (European Australian Rules Football Council) in January 2001, with a view to developing the sport of Aussie Rules across the continent and strengthening ties between the already established leagues. 
The EARFC was immediately ratified and joined by the other European leagues. Michael and Ciaran have sat on the council from the beginning. The EARFC is currently liaising with existing footy leagues/clubs in the following nations: Great Britain, Ireland, Denmark, Sweden, France, Germany, Greece, Turkey and Poland. As a founding member of the Atlantic Alliance (formerly the NHAFF) Michael was elected onto the five man Atlantic Alliance Committee as the ARFLI representative, along with representatives from Canada, USA, Denmark and Great Britain. The Atlantic Alliance is an international umbrella group for the sport of Australian Rules Football in the Northern Hemisphere. 
In Domestic games in 2001, ARFLI had two major competitions - the ARFLI Super 9’s and the ARFLI Premiership. The ARFLI Super 9’s was a nine a side competition played on regular Gaelic football pitches. It was designed to help the new clubs adapt to Aussie Rules, gain some experience and allow for maximum participation for all players. The use of the GAA pitches also made it easier on the clubs in that it is extremely difficult to find space to have a full size Aussie rules oval. The competition was a huge success with two of the new teams the Leeside Lions and the Midland Tigers making it through to the final which was played at O Rathailligh Park (Louth’s county GAA Grounds) in Drogheda towards the end of May. This game proved to be a hard fought and exciting contest and was ultimately won by the Tigers. 
The ARFLI Premiership commenced on 16 June and was a 14 a side competition played on a home and away basis. After a very close competition, the final took place in September in James Park, Kilkenny and was contested between the Dublin Demons and the Leeside Lions. ARFLI brought the final to Kilkenny as part their efforts to spread the game and as a result there is now a team being formed in the marble city – the Kilkenny Bulldogs. The Demons won a hard fought contest to win their second flag in a row and the ARFLI Premiership Cup 2001. 
The first ever Fosters Aussie Rules Australia Day Challenge Cup took place on 26 January in Ennis as part of a big Australia Day celebration. The Leeside Lions contested the game against the Dublin Demons with the Cork based side deservedly winning their first piece of silverware in a very close game. The first ever “Outonthetown.ie” Auscamp took place earlier on the same day in Ennis where ARFLI introduced their Auskick program to local children.
South Dublin Swans won the Premiership in 2006.
Former Clubs.
NB: Midland Tigers and Saints merged during the 2011 Season under the name Kangaroos.
For the 2012 Season following an affiliation with Greater Western Sydney, the Kangaroos became the North Leinster Giants.
External links.
AFL Europe

</doc>
<doc id="2922819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922819" title="David Braine (philosopher)">
David Braine (philosopher)

David Braine (born 1940) is a British analytic philosopher with interests in analytic Philosophy of religion and Metaphysics, who seeks to marry the techniques and insights of analytical philosophy and Phenomenology to the Metaphysics of classical Thomism. His "The Reality of Time and the Existence of God" sets out to prove the existence of God from the fact that the world enjoys continuity in time. He argues that nothing in the world could be the cause of this continuity, whence God comes into the picture. 
Braine has been an important, if insufficiently well-known, contributor to the renaissance of analytical Philosophy of religion.
Books.
______________ (1994) University of Notre Dame Press, paperback edition.

</doc>
<doc id="2922829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922829" title="Associated Wholesalers">
Associated Wholesalers

Associated Wholesalers, Inc. is a retailers' cooperative based in Robesonia, Pennsylvania. It distributes food to member owners who are independent supermarkets. It owns the Shurfine Markets supermarket chain in Pennsylvania.
Associated Wholesalers, Inc. is one of the cooperative wholesalers which own the Retailer Owned Research Company (RORC) of Fort Worth, Texas. RORC technology is used in AWI owned Shurfine Markets.

</doc>
<doc id="2922837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922837" title="DSpace">
DSpace

DSpace is an open source repository software package typically used for creating open access repositories for scholarly and/or published digital content. While DSpace shares some feature overlap with content management systems and document management systems, the DSpace repository software serves a specific need as a digital archives system, focused on the long-term storage, access and preservation of digital content.
History.
The first public version of DSpace was released in November 2002, as a joint effort between developers from MIT and HP Labs. Following the first user group meeting in March 2004, a group of interested institutions formed the DSpace Federation, which determined the governance of future software development by adopting the Apache Foundation's community development model as well establishing the DSpace Committer Group. In July 2007 as the DSpace user community grew larger, HP and MIT jointly formed the DSpace Foundation, a not-for-profit organization that provided leadership and support. In May 2009 collaboration on related projects and growing synergies between the DSpace Foundation and the Fedora Commons organization led to the joining of the two organizations to pursue their common mission in a not-for-profit called DuraSpace. Currently the DSpace software and user community receives leadership and guidance from DuraSpace.
Technology.
DSpace is a set of cooperating Java web applications and utility programs that maintain an asset store and an associated metadata store. The web applications provide interfaces for administration, deposit, ingest, search and access. The asset store is maintained on a file system or similar storage system. The metadata, including access and configuration information is stored in a relational database and supports the use of PostgreSQL and Oracle database. DSpace currently support two primary web interfaces: JSPUI which uses JSP and the Java Servlet API and XMLUI (aka Manakin) based on Apache Cocoon, using XML and XSLT. DSpace holdings are made available primarily via a web interface, but it also supports the OAI-PMH v2.0, and is capable of exporting METS (Metadata Encoding and Transmission Standard) packages. DSpace supports the common interoperability standards used in the Institutional repository domain, such as Open Archives Initiative Protocol for Metadata Harvesting, SWORD, OpenSearch, and RSS. More recent versions of DSpace also support faceted search and browse functionality using Apache Solr.

</doc>
<doc id="2922847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922847" title="Boulbon">
Boulbon

Boulbon is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in southern France.

</doc>
<doc id="2922850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922850" title="Slow Dance Original Soundtrack">
Slow Dance Original Soundtrack

Slow Dance Original Soundtrack is the soundtrack album of the 2005 popular summer Japanese television drama, "Slow Dance". The drama itself received the highest view ratings of its season at the time. It was released on July 7, 2005.
Track listing.
Theme Song - Tokyo - Fukuyama Masaharu

</doc>
<doc id="2922853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922853" title="Carden Loyd tankette">
Carden Loyd tankette

The Carden Loyd tankettes were a series of British pre-World War II tankettes, the most successful of which was the Mark VI, the only version built in significant numbers. It became a classic tankette design worldwide, was licence-built by several countries and became the basis of several designs produced in several different countries.
Development.
The Carden Loyd tankette came about from an idea started, as a private project, by the British military engineer and tank strategist Major Giffard LeQuesne Martel. He built a one-man tank in his garage from various parts and showed it to the War Office in the mid-1920s. With the publication of the idea, other companies produced their own interpretations of the idea. One of these was "Carden-Loyd Tractors Ltd", a firm founded by Sir John Carden and Vivian Loyd and later purchased by Vickers-Armstrongs. Besides one-man vehicles they also proposed two-man vehicles which turned out to be a more effective and popular idea. Vickers-Armstrongs manufactured and marketed vehicles of the latter type worldwide.
Considered a reconnaissance vehicle and a mobile machine gun position, the Mark VI was the final stage of development of the Carden- Loyd series of tankettes.
The Carden Loyd tankette was the prototype for the Universal Carrier.
Production.
Production started in 1927 and lasted until 1935. From 1933 to 1935 production was by the Royal Ordnance Factories. Some 450 were made in all. The British Army used at least 325 Mark VI tankettes (a value of 348 is also given in several variants, mostly as machine gun carriers, but also as light gun tractors, mortar carriers or smoke projector vehicles.
Service history.
In 1929, Poland bought 10 or 11 Mark VI tankettes with a licence and used them for development of their own TK tankette series, which was followed by the Polish TKS tankette.
Czechoslovakia also bought three Mark VI tankettes in 1930 with a licence, and then improved the design, producing 74 Tančík vz. 33 tankettes in the ČKD (Praga) works: the original British construction was evaluated as unusable in modern warfare.
The Soviet Union bought 20 Mark VI tankettes, which they designated K-25, as well as a licence. However, the final project was significantly modernised and the license was dropped. Instead, the Bolshevik Factory in Leningrad started the production of the T-27 tankette, a modernised and enlarged variant of the British design. A total of 3,228 T-27 tankettes were built between 1931 and 1933.
Bolivia purchased between two to five tankettes in 1931. They saw action in the Chaco War, where they proved to be ill-suited for the bushy environment.
Japan also bought six Mark VIb tankettes, and later developed its own Type 94 Te Ke design based on them. Carden Loyd tankettes operated by the Imperial Japanese Navy Land Forces were designated the .
Italy bought a number of Carden Loyd Mark VIs, built a few licence copies designated CV-29, and then developed this design further into the L3/35 tankette.
The Canadian Army acquired 12 in two batches of six in 1930-31. After being evaluated by Princess Patricia's Canadian Light Infantry and the Royal Canadian Regiment, the Canadian Army used them in a training role at Canadian Armoured Fighting Vehicle School pending the arrival of newer, larger tanks. Eventually, they were supplemented with the Vickers VI B light tank in 1938. Until then, they had been the only armoured equipment in the Canadian Army apart from some armoured cars. At no time were they used in a combat role by Canada.
In addition, the Carden Loyd tankettes were also supplied in small numbers to France, India, Italy, the Netherlands (5), and Siam. The five Dutch tankettes were involved in fighting German parachute troops during the May 1940 invasion of the Netherlands. The French unarmed Renault UE carrier was based on the Carden Loyd design. A small number were acquired by Greece prior to 1935. Thailand had about 60 in the French-Thai War. Carden Loyd tankettes were also used by Chile, the Republic of China, Finland (Mk. IVs and Model 33s) and Portugal (6).
The design of the German Panzer I light tank was influenced by the Carden Loyd tankette, due to the German military cooperation with the Soviet Union.
SA F.R.C. 47mm.
Since the Belgian Armed Forces were looking to upgrade their anti-tank capability in the early 1930s, and due to the popularity of the tankette concept, the Carden-Loyd Mk VI tankette was chosen as the basis for a first attempt to developing a fully mechanized anti-tank capability. After experimenting with a rather straightforward tractor concept for the Belgian 47 mm Model 1931 anti-tank gun in 1931 , a more integrated approach was chosen, resulting in what has probably been the heaviest armed version of the Carden-Loyd Mk VI tankette. In 1931, after acquiring six Carden-Loyd Mk VI tankettes, two prototype vehicles were modified. One to carry the F.R.C. Herstal 47 mm Model 1931 anti-tank gun and one the Canon de 76 FRC, a low velocity 76 mm infantry gun, in a fixed, forward-facing structure. The results of the pre-production tests were not convincing: the 76 mm equipped version experienced a tremendous amount of recoil when firing the gun, resulting in a high pitch movement after firing and a completely unstable gun-laying platform. As a result, the 76 mm prototype was rebuilt into the 47 mm equipped tank destroyer version. However, the tank destroyer tankette was not deemed satisfactory either: recoil forces from firing the 47 mm anti-tank gun were - albeit less than with the 76 mm version - still too heavy for the 3-ton vehicle, manning the gun with a two man team was considered too labor-intensive, the ammo storage was too small and apart from the thin armoured frontal shield, the crew was completely exposed. The added weight of the gun also overtaxed the small engine, and wear and tear on the whole vehicle were deemed too high. Nevertheless, the experiment provided some valuable experience for the Belgian army, culminating in the successful T-13 tank destroyer production starting in 1935. The six prototype tank destroyer vehicles were also used operationally.
After being fielded by the elite Chasseurs Ardennais mountain division, the vehicles were deemed next to useless in a mountainous area and quickly passed on to the "Cyclistes Frontière/Grenswielrijders" a border guard regiment. They were still in use when the Battle of Belgium started in May 1940, albeit from fixed, ambushed positions on the west-bank of the river Meuse (Maas) between Vivegnis and Lixhe. They are known to have fired some rounds on the morning of 10 May 1940, the day of the German invasion.

</doc>
<doc id="2922865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922865" title="Rosalind Kurita">
Rosalind Kurita

Rosalind Kurita is a Tennessee politician who was formerly Speaker "pro tempore" of the Tennessee State Senate, representing State Senate District 22 (Cheatham, Houston, and Montgomery Counties), centered on Clarksville. In 2005 she unsuccessfully sought the Democratic Party nomination for the United States Senate seat up for election in 2006.
Early life and career.
Kurita (Born Rosalind Culbertson) grew up in Midland, Texas, the daughter of a former leader in the Republican Party. A registered nurse, she received her B.A. from the University of Arkansas. She married in 1972 and has three children. After her children’s births, Kurita created her own small medical marketing business. Kurita began in politics as a county commissioner for Montgomery County.
Political career.
In 1996, Kurita won a state senate seat by defeating an incumbent Republican senator. She was re-elected twice, in 2000 and 2004. In 2005, Kurita announced her intentions to run for the Democratic Party nomination for the United States Senate to succeed retiring senator Bill Frist. After poor results from her fundraising efforts, Kurita withdrew from the race and endorsed the eventual Democratic nominee, Congressman Harold Ford, Jr. 
On January 9, 2007, Kurita was the lone member of the Democratic caucus in the Tennessee Senate to vote together with all 17 Republican members to replace long-serving Democratic Senate Speaker John S. Wilder with the Republican Ron Ramsey. On January 12, 2007, Ramsey named Kurita Speaker "pro tempore", replacing Republican State Senator Micheal Williams, who had in the previous legislative session broken with his fellow Republicans to vote in favor of Wilder. 
Before 2008 Kurita was mentioned as a possible candidate for the Democratic nomination in Tennessee's 7th congressional district in the 2008 election. The district, represented by Republican Marsha Blackburn (who served with her in the State Senate from 1999 to 2003) includes most of Kurita's state senate district. She also was mentioned as a candidate for the Tennessee U.S. Senate seat held by Republican Lamar Alexander. Instead of seeking either office, Kurita sought to remain in the State Senate. In the August 7, 2008, Democratic primary she was opposed by Tim Barnes, who she outpolled by just 19 votes, receiving 4,477 votes to Barnes' 4,458 votes. Election officials certified her victory. The Republicans didn't even put up a candidate, seemingly handing Kurita another term. However, Barnes contested the results, claiming that Kurita only won because a large number of Republicans crossed over to vote in the Democratic primary (Tennessee has an open primary system). On September 13 Tennessee Democratic Party officials met in Nashville and voted to strip Kurita of the nomination. Party officials in Kurita's district then held a convention and designated Barnes as the party's candidate in the November general election. Kurita had been on bad terms with party leadership because of her vote for Republican Ron Ramsey, enabling him to win election as Senate speaker. Kurita subsequently announced that she would seek re-election in November as a write-in candidate. Her write-in candidacy was unsuccessful, resulting in 23,322 votes, which was not sufficient to overcome Barnes' total of 36,977 votes as the Democratic nominee. 
Kurita also sued the state Democratic Party in federal court, seeking to have her name restored to the ballot. Her lawsuit charged that the Tennessee law allowing political party officials to rule on challenges to primary election results violates the Fourteenth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution because it has no procedural rules to protect due process and it does not allow for judicial review. The complaint also contended that Kurita's rights were violated because rules for the party's review of the primary results were not adopted until the morning of the review meeting, and that the Democratic Party officials did not adequately explain their reasons for overturning the election results. On October 15, 2008, Judge Robert L. Echols of the United States District Court for the Middle District of Tennessee dismissed her complaint. His ruling stated that when primary election results are contested, under Tennessee law the primary board (in this instance the Democratic Party executive committee) has the authority to decide on the party's nominee. Kurita said she would appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit, but this effort did not result in the revocation of Barnes having been awarded the nomination. Barnes succeeded Kurita in the State Senate in January 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="2922870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922870" title="Welbilt">
Welbilt

Welbilt is a rock band from the Washington, D.C. area.
History.
Welbilt was formed in early 2002 after members met at the bar TT Reynolds in Fairfax, Virginia. The band's eponymous debut EP (sometimes called the "The Blue Album") was recorded in a basement studio in Bristow. On the strength of that recording, radio station DC101 picked Welbilt to open the 2002 DC101 Chili Cook-Off on Pennsylvania Avenue in Washington, DC in May 2002. That July, the band won a national battle of the bands competition sponsored by the Hard Rock Cafe and Rolling Rock. Welbilt opened the Town Fair show in Latrobe, PA, signed a demo deal with Virgin Records, and recorded four songs with producer Andrew "Mudrock" Murdock (Godsmack, Avenged Sevenfold).
"A Beautiful Mess".
When Virgin passed on the demo, Welbilt continued recording its first full album, "A Beautiful Mess", released in December 2003, which included the songs from the initial session and eight additional songs recorded with Mudrock in the summer of 2003.
"Due to the Current State of Things".
In a 2005 session sponsored by Budweiser True Music, Welbilt recorded the four-song "Due to the Current State of Things" EP with Scott Spelbring at Dragonfly East. The disc was mixed by Jeff Juliano and released in the Fall of 2005.
Current.
Welbilt has shared the stage with Outkast, Puddle of Mudd, Nickelback, Godsmack, Soul Asylum, Howie Day, 311, Juliette and the Licks, Kings of Leon, and others.
Break up.
The band played their last show with all four members on November 21, 2007 in Fairfax. Welbilt played a final "reunion" show together at the Celebrate Fairfax festival on June 8, 2008.
Albums.
"Due to the Current State of Things" (EP)
"A Beautiful Mess" (December 2003):
"The Blue EP" (April 2002)

</doc>
<doc id="2922874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922874" title="Ethics (book)">
Ethics (book)

Ethics, Demonstrated in Geometrical Order (), usually known as the Ethics, is a philosophical treatise written by Baruch Spinoza. It was first published in 1677.
The book closely resembles Euclid's "Elements". At the beginning of Part 1, Spinoza defines key terms and lists axioms. On the basis of these and other definitions and axioms provided in the remaining four parts of the book, Spinoza offers proofs of hundreds of propositions and corollaries, such as "When the Mind imagines its own lack of power, it is saddened by it", "A free man thinks of nothing less than of death", and "The human Mind cannot be absolutely destroyed with the Body, but something of it remains which is eternal." The impersonal style is frequently interrupted by stretches of informal and at times pugnacious prose, criticizing the views of philosophers such as René Descartes and Moses Maimonides.
Summary.
The first part of the book addresses the relationship between God and the universe. Tradition held that God exists outside of the universe, created it for a reason, and could have created a different universe if he so chose. Spinoza denies each point. According to Spinoza, God "is" the natural world. As with many of Spinoza's claims, what this means is a matter of dispute. Spinoza claims that the things that make up the universe, including human beings, are God's "modes". This means that we and everything else are, in some sense, dependent upon God. The nature of this dependence is disputed. Some scholars say that the modes are "properties" of God in the traditional sense. Others say that modes are effects of God. Either way, the modes are also logically dependent on God's essence, in this sense: everything that happens follows from the nature of God, just like how (as Spinoza puts it) it follows from the nature of a triangle that its angles are equal to two right angles. Since God had to exist with the nature he happens to have, nothing that has happened could have been avoided, and if a particular fate for a particular mode is fixed by God, there is no escaping it, or as Spinoza puts it, "A thing which has been determined by God to produce an effect cannot render itself undetermined." God's creation of the universe is not a decision, much less one motivated by a purpose.
The second part of the "Ethics" focuses on the human mind and body. Spinoza attacks several Cartesian positions: (1) that the mind and body are distinct substances that can affect one another; (2) that we know our minds better than we know our bodies; (3) that our senses may be trusted; (4) that despite being created by God we can make mistakes, namely, when we affirm, of our own free will, an idea that is not clear and distinct. Spinoza denies each of Descartes's points. Regarding (1), Spinoza argues that the mind and the body are a single thing that is being thought of in two different ways. The whole of nature can be fully described in terms of thoughts or in terms of bodies. However, we cannot mix these two ways of describing things, as Descartes does, and say that the mind affects the body or vice versa. Moreover, the mind's self-knowledge is not fundamental: it cannot know its own thoughts better than it knows the ways in which its body is acted upon by other bodies. Further, there is no difference between contemplating an idea and thinking that it is true, and there is no freedom of the will at all. Sensory perception, which Spinoza calls "knowledge of the first kind", is entirely inaccurate, since it reflects how our own bodies work more than how things really are. We can also have a kind of accurate knowledge called "knowledge of the second kind", or "reason". This encompasses knowledge of the features common to all things, and includes principles of physics and geometry. We can also have "knowledge of the third kind", or "intuitive knowledge". This is a sort of knowledge that, somehow, relates particular things to the nature of God.
In the third part of the Ethics, Spinoza argues that all things, including human beings, strive to persevere in their being. This is usually taken to mean that things try to last for as long as they can. Spinoza explains how this striving ("conatus") underlies our emotions (love, hate, joy, sadness and so on). Our mind is in certain cases active, and in certain cases passive. In so far as it has adequate ideas it is necessarily active, and in so far as it has inadequate ideas, it is necessarily passive.
The fourth part, "Of Human Bondage," analyzes human passions, which Spinoza sees as aspects of the mind that direct us outwards to seek what gives pleasure and shun what gives pain. The "bondage" he refers to is domination by these passions or "affects" as he calls them. Spinoza considers how the affects, ungoverned, can torment people and make it impossible for mankind to live in harmony with one another.
The fifth part, "Of Human Freedom," argues that reason can govern the affects in the pursuit of virtue, which for Spinoza is self-preservation: only with the aid of reason can humans distinguish the passions that truly aid virtue from those that are ultimately harmful. By reason, we can see things as they truly are, "sub specie aeternitatis", "under the aspect of eternity," and because Spinoza treats God and nature as indistinguishable, by knowing things as they are we improve our knowledge of God. Seeing that all things are determined by nature to be as they are, we can achieve the rational tranquility that best promotes our happiness, and liberate ourselves from being driven by our passions.
God or Nature.
According to Spinoza, God is Nature and Nature is God. This is his Pantheism. In his previous book, "Tractatus Theologico-Politicus", Spinoza discussed the inconsistencies that result when God is assumed to have human characteristics. In the third chapter of that book, he stated that the word "God" means the same as the word "Nature". He wrote: "Whether we say...that all things happen according to the laws of nature, or are ordered by the decree and direction of God, we say the same thing." He later qualified this statement in his letter to Oldenburg by abjuring Materialism. Nature, to Spinoza, is a metaphysical Substance, not physical matter. In this posthumously published book "Ethics", he equated God with nature by writing “God or Nature” four times. “...or Spinoza, God or Nature—being one and the same thing—just is the whole, infinite, eternal, necessarily existing, active system of the universe within which absolutely everything exists. This is the fundamental principle of the "Ethics"...”
Spinoza holds that everything that exists is part of nature, and everything in nature follows the same basic laws. In this perspective, human beings are part of nature, and hence they can be explained and understood in the same way as everything else in nature. This aspect of Spinoza’s philosophy — his "naturalism" — was radical for its time, and perhaps even for today. In the preface to Part III of "Ethics" (relating to emotions), he writes:
Therefore Spinoza affirms that the passions of hatred, anger, envy, and so on, considered in themselves, “follow from this same necessity and efficacy of nature; they answer to certain definite causes, through which they are understood, and possess certain properties as worthy of being known as the properties of anything else”. Humans are not different in kind from the rest of the natural world; they are part of it.
Spinoza’s naturalism can be seen as deriving from his firm commitment to the "Principle of sufficient reason" (), which is the thesis that everything has an explanation. He articulates the in a strong fashion, as he applies it not only to everything that is, but also to everything that is not:
And to continue with Spinoza's triangle example, here is one claim he makes about God:
Spinoza rejected the idea of an external Creator suddenly, and apparently capriciously, creating the world at one particular time rather than another, and creating it out of nothing. The solution appeared to him more perplexing than the problem, and rather unscientific in spirit as involving a break in continuity. He preferred to think of the entire system of reality as its own ground. This view was simpler; it avoided the impossible conception of creation out of nothing; and it was religiously more satisfying by bringing God and man into closer relationship. Instead of Nature,on the one hand, and a supernatural God, on the other, he posited one world of reality, at once Nature and God, and leaving no room for the supernatural. This so-called "Naturalism" of Spinoza is only distorted if one starts with a crude materialistic idea of Nature and supposes that Spinoza degraded God. The truth is that he raised Nature to the rank of God by conceiving Nature as the fulness of reality, as the One and All. He rejected the specious simplicity obtainable by denying the reality of Matter, or of Mind, or of God. The cosmic system comprehends them all. In fact, God and Nature become identical when each is conceived as the Perfect Self-Existent. This constitutes Spinoza's "Pantheism".
Structure of reality.
God or Nature consists of Attributes. God, as the complete system of Attributes, is "absolutely" infinite or complete; each Attribute is only infinite in its kind. By Attribute Spinoza means an ultimate or irreducible quality or energy. He names two such attributes, namely, Extension and Thought, but he allows for the possibility of an infinity of Attributes. The attributes do not belong to, but are identical with, Substance. Reality, moreover, is essentially dynamic, not static — to be is to be doing. Thus the Attribute Extension is really the whole of material energy, and the Attribute Thought is the whole of mind-energy. All material things and events are changing modes or states of Extension; and all mental events or experiences are similarly modifications or states of Thought. Each Attribute exhausts its kind of reality, in an ultimate character, activity or "world-line" of Nature, and gives rise to its entire series of objects and events in accordance with its own laws. These finite objects and events are real enough while they last, but as finite modes they change and pass; not, however, into mere nothingness, for the attribute, of which they are states, abides. The cosmic process never stops.
Substance, attributes, modes.
Spinoza's ideas relating to the character and structure of reality are expressed by him in terms of "substance", "attributes", and "modes". These terms are very old and familiar, but not in the sense in which Spinoza employs them. To understand Spinoza, it is necessary to lay aside all preconceptions about them, and follow Spinoza closely. Spinoza found it impossible to understand the finite, dependent, transient objects and events of experience without assuming some reality not dependent on anything else but self-existent, not produced by anything else but eternal, not restricted or limited by anything else but infinite. Such an uncaused, self-sustaining reality he called substance. So, for instance, he could not understand the reality of material objects and physical events without assuming the reality of a self-existing, infinite and eternal physical force which expresses itself in all the movements and changes which occur, as we say, in space.
This physical force he called Extension, and described it, at first, as a "substance", in the sense just explained. Similarly, he could not understand the various dependent, transient mental experiences with which we are familiar without assuming the reality of a self-existing, infinite and eternal consciousness, mental force, or mind-energy, which expresses itself in all these finite experiences of perceiving and understanding, of feeling and striving. This consciousness or mind-energy he called Thought, and described it also, at first, as a "substance". Each of these "substances" he regarded as infinite of its kind (that is, as exhaustive of all the events of its own kind), and as irreducible to the other, or any other, substance. But in view of the intimate way in which Extension and Thought express themselves conjointly in the life of man, Spinoza considered it necessary to conceive of Extension and Thought not as detached realities, but as constituting one organic whole or system. And in order to express this idea, he then described Extension and Thought as Attributes, reserving the term "Substance" for the system which they constitute between them. This change of description was not intended to deny that Extension and Thought are substances in the sense of being self-existent, etc. It was only intended to express their coherence in one system. The system of course would be more than any one attribute. For each attribute is only "infinite of its kind"; the system of all attributes is "absolutely infinite", that is, exhausts the whole of reality. Spinoza, accordingly, now restricted the term "substance" to the complete system, though he occasionally continued to use the phrase "substance or attribute", or described Extension as a substance.
As commonly used, especially since the time of Locke, the term substance is contrasted with its attributes or qualities as their substratum or bearer. But this meaning must not be read into Spinoza. for Spinoza, Substance is not the support or bearer of the Attributes, but the system of Attributes — he actually uses the expression "Substance or the Attributes." If there is any difference at all between "Substance" and "the Attributes", as Spinoza uses these terms, it is only the difference between the Attributes conceived as an organic system and the Attributes conceived (but not by Spinoza) as a mere sum of detached forces. Something is still necessary to complete the account of Spinoza's conception of Substance. So far only the two Attributes have been considered, namely, Extension and Thought. Spinoza, however, realised that there may be other Attributes, unknown to man. If so, they are part of the one Substance or cosmic system. And using the term "infinite" in the sense of "complete" or "exhaustive", he ascribed to Substance an infinity of Attributes, that is, all the attributes there are, whether known to man or not.
Now reality, for Spinoza, is activity. Substance is incessantly active, each Attribute exercising its kind of energy in all possible ways. Thus the various objects and events of the material world come into being as modes (modifications or states) of the attribute Extension; and the various minds and mental experiences come into being as modes of the attribute Thought (or Consciousness). These modes are not external creations of the Attributes, but immanent results — they are not "thrown off" by the Attributes, but are states (or modifications) of them, as air-waves are states of the air. Each Attribute, however, expresses itself in its finite modes not immediately (or directly) but mediately (or indirectly), at least in the sense to be explained now. Galilean physics tended to regard the whole world of physical phenomena as the result of differences of motion or momentum. And, though erroneously conceived, the Cartesian conception of a constant quantity of motion in the world led Spinoza to conceive of all physical phenomena as so many varying expressions of that store of motion (or motion and rest).
Spinoza might, of course, have identified Extension with energy of motion. But, with his usual caution, he appears to have suspected that motion may be only one of several types of physical energy. So he described motion simply as a mode of Extension, but as an "infinite" mode (because complete or exhaustive of all finite modes of motion) and as an "immediate" mode (as a direct expression of Extension). Again, the physical world (or "the face of the world as a whole", as Spinoza calls it) retains a certain sameness in spite of the innumerable changes in detail that are going on. Accordingly, Spinoza described also the physical world as a whole as an "infinite" mode of extension ("infinite" because exhaustive of all facts and events that can be reduced to motion), but as a "mediate" (or indirect) mode, because he regarded it as the outcome of the conservation of motion (itself a mode, though an "immediate" mode). The physical things and events of ordinary experience are "finite" modes. In essence each of them is part of the Attribute Extension, which is active in each of them. But the finiteness of each of them is due to the fact that it is restrained or hedged in, so to say, by other finite modes. This limitation or determination is negation in the sense that each finite mode is "not" the whole attribute Extension; it is not the other finite modes. But each mode is positively real and ultimate as part of the Attribute.
In the same kind of way the Attribute Thought exercises its activity in various mental processes, and in such systems of mental process as are called minds or souls. But in this case, as in the case of Extension, Spinoza conceives of the finite modes of Thought as mediated by infinite modes. The immediate infinite mode of Thought he describes as "the idea of God"; the mediate infinite mode he calls "the infinite idea" or "the idea of all things". The other Attributes (if any) must be conceived in an analogous manner. And the whole Universe or Substance is conceived as one dynamic system of which the various Attributes are the several world-lines along which it expresses itself in all the infinite variety of events.
Having regard to the persistent misinterpretation of Spinozism it may be as well to emphasize the dynamic character of reality as Spinoza conceived it. The cosmic system is certainly a logical or rational system, according to Spinoza, for Thought is a constitutive part of it; but it is not "merely" a logical system — it is dynamic as well as logical. His frequent use of geometrical illustrations affords no evidence at all in support of a purely logico-mathematical interpretation of his philosophy; for Spinoza regarded geometrical figures, not in a Platonic or static manner, but as things traced out by moving particles or lines, etc., that is, dynamically.
Moral philosophy.
For Spinoza, reality means activity, and the reality of anything expresses itself in a tendency to self-preservation — to exist is to persist. in the lowest kinds of things, in so-called inanimate matter, this tendency shows itself as a "will to live". Regarded physiologically the effort is called "appetite"; when we are conscious of it, it is called "desire". The moral categories, good and evil, are intimately connected with desire, though not in the way commonly supposed. Man does not desire a thing because he thinks it is good, or shun it because he considers it bad; rather he considers anything good if he desires it, and regards it as bad if he has an aversion for it. Now whatever is felt to heighten vital activity gives pleasure; whatever is felt to lower such activity causes pain. Pleasure coupled with a consciousness of its external cause is called love, and pain coupled with a consciousness of its external cause is called hate — "love" and "hate" being used in the wide sense of "like" and "dislike". All human feelings are derived from pleasure, pain and desire. Their great variety is due to the differences in the kinds of external objects which give rise to them, and to the differences in the inner conditions of the individual experiencing them.
Spinoza gives a detailed analysis of the whole gamut of human feelings, and his account is one of the classics of psychology. For the present purpose the most important distinction is that between "active" feelings and "passive" feelings (or "passions"). Man, according to Spinoza, is active or free in so far as any experience is the outcome solely of his own nature; he is passive, or a bondsman, in so far as any experience is due to other causes besides his own nature. The active feelings are all of them forms of self-realisation, of heightened activity, of strength of mind, and are therefore always pleasurable. It is the passive feelings (or "passions") which are responsible for all the ills of life, for they are induced largely by things outside us and frequently cause that lowered vitality which means pain. Spinoza next links up his ethics with his theory of knowledge, and correlates the moral progress of man with his intellectual progress. At the lowest stage of knowledge, that of "opinion", man is under the dominant influence of things outside himself, and so is in the bondage of the passions. At the next stage, the stage of "reason", the characteristic feature of the human mind, its intelligence, asserts itself, and helps to emancipate him from his bondage to the senses and external allurements. The insight gained into the nature of the passions helps to free man from their domination. A better understanding of his own place in the cosmic system and of the place of all the objects of his likes and dislikes, and his insight into the necessity which rules all things, tend to cure him of his resentments, regrets and disappointments. He grows reconciled to things, and wins peace of mind. In this way reason teaches acquiescence in the universal order, and elevates the mind above the turmoil of passion. At the highest stage of knowledge, that of "intuitive knowledge", the mind apprehends all things as expressions of the eternal cosmos. It sees all things in God, and God in all things. It feels itself as part of the eternal order, identifying its thoughts with cosmic thought and its interests with cosmic interests. Thereby it becomes eternal as one of the eternal ideas in which the Attribute Thought expresses itself, and attains to that "blessedness" which "is not the reward of virtue, but virtue itself", that is, the perfect joy which characterises perfect self-activity. This is not an easy or a common achievement. "But", says Spinoza, "everything excellent is as difficult as it is rare."
Reception.
Immediately after it was published, the book was denounced as being atheistic. This was the result of its conception of God as having no anthropomorphic characteristics such as sight, hearing, thought, will, emotion, purpose, mercy, etc.
The book had a profound influence on philosophy. Its influence is easiest to see in the work of Leibniz, Kant, Schelling, Goethe, Hegel, Schopenhauer, and Deleuze. The work of the novelist George Eliot and the fiction and poetry of Jorge Luis Borges is clearly indebted to Spinoza.
Criticism.
Misuse of words.
Schopenhauer claimed that Spinoza misused words. “Thus he calls ‘God’ that which is everywhere called ‘the world’; ‘justice’ that which is everywhere called ‘power’; and ‘will’ that which is everywhere called ‘judgement’.” Also, “that concept of "substance"...with the definition of which Spinoza accordingly begins...appears on close and honest investigation to be a higher yet unjustified abstraction of the concept "matter".” This notwithstanding, and his repeated objections and critical remarks, Schopenhauer incorporated fundamental concepts of Spinoza's into his system, especially concerning the theory of emotions, with a striking similarity of Schopenhauer's will and Spinoza's substance.
Critical influence.
In fact, within the German philosophical sphere, Spinoza’s influence on German Idealism was remarkable. He was both a challenge and inspiration for the three major figures of this movement: Hegel, Schelling and Fichte — who all sought to define their own philosophical positions in relation to his. Schopenhauer, who detested these three philosophers to varying degrees of intensity, Moreover, in discussing Spinoza and Giordano Bruno, Schopenhauer also affirms that:
Given Schopenhauer’s respect for Hindu philosophy, comments like these indicate that he too felt intellectual kinship with Spinoza. Elsewhere Schopenhauer points to more fundamental affinities as well, but he also criticizes Spinoza. And these criticisms, when they are not inappropriate, have to do with fundamental disagreements about the ultimate nature of reality and whether it is to be affirmed or denied.

</doc>
<doc id="2922882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922882" title="Agglomeration community of Arles-Crau-Camargue-Montagnette">
Agglomeration community of Arles-Crau-Camargue-Montagnette

The Communauté d'agglomération Arles-Crau-Camargue-Montagnette (CCAM) is an inter-communal structure created on January 1, 2004 and located in the department of Bouches-du-Rhône in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region of southern France .
It is located in the Bouches-du-Rhône "département", in southern France.
The "communauté" has 78,000 inhabitants and covers 1,100 square kilometres.
It contains the following communes:

</doc>
<doc id="2922897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922897" title="Cool &amp; Dre">
Cool &amp; Dre

Cool & Dre are a team of American record producers from Miami, Florida, consisting of Marcello "Cool" Valenzano and Andre "Dre" Christopher Lyon.
Epidemic Records.
The duo started their own record label, Epidemic Records. They signed a contract with Jive Records in 2003 concerning the distribution of their first artist, Dirtbag. 
In August 2010, the duo officially partnered with Cash Money Records. In April 2011, the duo signed a deal with Interscope Records through Cash Money (the first time Cash Money is under another Universal label), also to distribute their label Epidemic Records.

</doc>
<doc id="2922909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922909" title="Midlands Plateau">
Midlands Plateau

The Midlands Plateau is a plateau covering approximately 3,200 km² in the Midlands of England, bounded by the Rivers Severn, Avon and Trent.
The plateau is made up of three subdivisions: the Birmingham Plateau forms the central core, separated by the valley of the River Blythe from the East Warwickshire Plateau to the east, and by the valley of the River Stour from the Mid-Severn Plateau to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="2922910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922910" title="Palliser Range">
Palliser Range

The Palliser Range () is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies that lies in the extreme southeast corner of Banff National Park. 
The Palliser Range is part of the East Banff Ranges of the Central Front Canadian Rockies.
Lake Minnewanka marks the southern boundary of the range while the Bare Range marks the northern boundary. Its eastern reaches are marked by the Blackrock Mountain of the Ghost River Area. The range was named by the Palliser Expedition as it appears on one of the maps produced by the expedition. The range gives the name to the Palliser Formation, a stratigraphical unit prominently featured in the mountains of this range.
This range includes the following mountains and peaks:

</doc>
<doc id="2922912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922912" title="Berrien County Historical Association">
Berrien County Historical Association

The Berrien County Historical Association is a Berrien Springs, Michigan-based organization that studies the history of Berrien County, Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="2922913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922913" title="Tammy Sutton-Brown">
Tammy Sutton-Brown

Tamara "Tammy" Kim Sutton-Brown (born January 27, 1978 in Markham, Ontario) is a former Canadian professional women's basketball player. Her primary position was center.
High school years.
In high school, Sutton-Brown was rated Canada's top female basketball prospect by the "Pakistani Star".
College years.
Sutton-Brown attended Rutgers University. As a senior she was nicknamed Simba from the Disney movie "The Lion King" due to her coming of age at Rutgers. She owns a career field goal percentage of 57.6 which ranks third in the Rutgers career records.
WNBA career.
Sutton-Brown was selected 18th overall in the second round of the 2001 WNBA draft by the Charlotte Sting.
She finished the 2004 season ranked second in the WNBA in blocks (2.09 bpg). She became the Sting's all-time leader in blocks in 2004 with 196 career blocked shots, and as of 2006 only the 10th player to achieve 200 blocks.
In 2002, she was selected for the 2002 WNBA All-Star Game, becoming the first Canadian WNBA player to participate.
After the 2006 season ended, the Sting ceased operations and most of the remaining players were entered in a dispersal draft that followed the Sting's demise. Since she was an unrestricted free agent at the end of the 2006 season, she was exempt from entering the dispersal draft.
However, on March 22, 2007, she signed a contract with the Indiana Fever.
During the 2007 season with the Indiana Fever, she made the 2007 WNBA All-Star Game.
Sutton-Brown retired after the 2012 season.
Europe career.
She plays for Fenerbahçe since start of the 2006-07 season.
International career.
Sutton-Brown played for Canada in the 2000 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="2922916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922916" title="Ned Wayburn">
Ned Wayburn

Ned Wayburn, born Edward Claudius Weyburn, (March 30 1874 - September 2 1942) was a choreographer. He was born in Pennsylvania, a grandson of Samuel Fletcher Weyburn but spent much of his childhood in Chicago where he was introduced to theater and studied classical piano. At the age of 21, he abandoned his family’s tradition of manufacturing and began teaching at the Hart Conway School of Acting in Chicago. There he worked with three faculty members who influenced his growing interest in dance and movement: C.H. Jacobsen, Colonel Thomas Hoyer Monstery, and Ida Simpson-Serven, whose teachings were based on Delsarte’s concepts about the meaning of gestures and their ability to communicate the emotion. 
After leaving the school, Wayburn spent many years in theater staging shows for producers. He worked with such teams as William Hammerstein and Oscar Hammerstein, and Marc Klaw and A.L. Erlanger. In 1906, he began his own management group called the Headline Vaudeville Production Company. Through his own firm he staged many feature acts, while collaborating with other producers such as Lew Fields, Florenz Ziegfeld and the Shuberts. In 1915, he began working with Ziegfeld and became the main choreographer of the Ziegfeld Follies. 
Wayburn’s choreography was based on five techniques: musical comedy, tapping and stepping, acrobatic work, toe specialties, and exhibition ballroom. As a child, he was captivated by Minstrel shows and recreated them in many of his works. Formation symmetry was common in minstrel shows, as well as parade. Wayburn used Minstrel style costumes and makeup in his show "Minstrel Misses" "(1903). 
His choreography was influenced by social dances of the time. His dancers moved in units of two or four, following popular trends. He took dances such as tangos, the Turkey Trot, the Grizzly Bear, the Black Bottom and the Charleston and recreated them for stage performances by using strong exaggerations of movement. 
Some of his well known shows were "Phantastic Phantoms" (1907), "The Daisy Dancers" (1906), "Havana" (1909), "The Passing Show" (1913), and all of the "Ziegfeld Follies". He created steps such as the “Ziegfeld Walk” and the “Gilda Glide”, and is credited with developing the talent of such iconic performers as Fred Astaire, Gilda Gray, Marilyn Miller, Ann Pennington, Barbara Stanwyck, Clifton Webb, Mae West, Groucho Marx, June Allyson and Fanny Brice.
Ned Wayburn was married for a time to one of the original "Florodora" sextets; in that production and others on Broadway, she was billed as Agnes Wayburn.

</doc>
<doc id="2922921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922921" title="1971 CFL season">
1971 CFL season

The 1971 Canadian Football League season is considered to be the 18th season in modern-day Canadian football, although it was officially the 14th Canadian Football League season.
CFL News for 1971.
The Grey Cup Championship was played on artificial turf for the first time in Vancouver.
The BC Lions also wore special "CCC"-logo helmets to commemorate the Canadian Confederation Centennial of British Columbia, the province having entered into Canadian Confederation a hundred years earlier, in 1871. The flower in the centre of the "CCC" logo is the pacific dogwood, the official provincial flower of British Columbia.
Regular season standings.
Final regular season standings.
"Note: GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, PF = Points For, PA = Points Against, Pts = Points"

</doc>
<doc id="2922924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922924" title="Dee D. Jackson">
Dee D. Jackson

Dee D. Jackson (born Deirdre Elaine Cozier, 15 July 1954, Oxford, England) is a singer and musician. In the 1970s, she worked as a film producer in Munich, Germany, before moving into music, working with Giorgio Moroder and Keith Forsey.
Career.
After years working for other artists, Jackson released her first single in 1977, "Man of a Man", which has not been included in any of her albums. The single did not get the public's attention. Her next attempt was the release of her biggest single, "Automatic Lover" in 1978, which reached #4 on the UK Singles Chart, and #1 in Argentina, Italy, France, Spain, Turkey and Japan. In Germany, the single reached #5. It also climbed high up the South African singles charts. In Brazil, the success was such that the Brazilian media produced its own version of Dee D. Jackson. A Brazilian girl (Regina Shakti) dressed like Jackson, and along with her robot and a meteor man, were introduced on TV programs there as the real Dee D. Jackson. Shakti was introduced as 'D. Dee Jackson' to avoid problems with royalties.
In 1976, Jackson married and had a baby boy named Norman.
In 1978, she released her first album "Cosmic Curves", a science fiction/disco LP, produced by Gary Unwin and his wife Patty. The second single from "Cosmic Curves" was released later that year, and "Meteor Man" was a hit in Argentina, Brazil, Europe and Japan. More modest airplay saw it reach #48 on the UK Singles Chart.
The following year, Jackson released another single, "Fireball". It failed to feature in the UK chart, but enjoyed reasonable airplay in Italy, Germany, Brazil and Argentina. After months of exhaustive promotion, travel, and TV appearances, Jackson spent two years before recording a new album.
"Thunder & Lightning" was released at the end of 1980. In Italy it was released under the name "The Fantastic" featuring a different album cover. The first single "SOS (Love to the Rescue)" failed again in the UK, but once more France, Brazil, Italy, Argentina, Japan and Germany reacted more positively. 
In the early 1980s, Jackson moved to Los Angeles, California and, in 1981, a greatest hits album called "Profile" was released in Germany. But after spending only months living in the U.S., she relocated to Italy, and subsequently released the Italo disco singles "Talk Me Down" (1981), "Shotgun" (1982), "Moonlight Starlight" (1984), "Sweet Carillon" (1984) and "Heat of the Night" (1985). In 1988, "Automatic Lover" was remixed by Michael Cretu (Enigma), and released as a single entitled "Automatic Lover 88 Digital Max Mix", another hit in Japan.
A new album "Blame It on the Rain" was issued in 1995, with the attendant single release "People". She is currently married and living in Turin, Italy, where she owns a record company, DDE Records Ltd. 
Since 1996, Jackson has written songs and produced for other musicians. With the duo Nylon Moon, Jackson wrote the lyrics and melody and sang backing vocals on the track "Poppy Fields". Another track, "Maybe My Day", was included in the soundtrack of "La Stanza del figlio".

</doc>
<doc id="2922931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922931" title="Pontrobert">
Pontrobert

Pontrobert is a village in Powys, Mid Wales.
The bridge that gives the village its name is over the River Vyrnwy.
External links.
The literal translation of pontrobert from Welsh to English means roberts bridge

</doc>
<doc id="2922933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922933" title="Matthew Wren">
Matthew Wren

Matthew Wren (3 December 1585 – 24 April 1667) was an influential English clergyman and scholar.
Life.
He attended Merchant Taylors' (??-1601), and Pembroke College, Cambridge, where he was a protégé of Lancelot Andrewes. He became a Fellow in 1605 and later President. He was Master of Peterhouse from 1625 to 1634. From this point, his rise was rapid. He accompanied Charles I to Holyrood Palace for his Scottish coronation in 1633, and was appointed chaplain. He became Bishop of Hereford in 1634, Norwich in 1635, and Ely in 1638.
However, his strong support of Archbishop Laud, and his toughness on Puritans, led to his being imprisoned in the Tower of London by the Parliamentarian faction from 1641 to 1659. Unlike Laud, he survived, and was allowed the freedom to write notes on improvements to the Book of Common Prayer, on which he later had some influence.
While in the Tower, he vowed to devote a sum of money to "some holy and pious employment" should he be released. To fulfil this vow, he chose to pay for a new Chapel for Pembroke College, and had it built by his nephew Christopher Wren — one of his first buildings, consecrated in 1665. Matthew Wren also led the movement to rebuild St Paul's Cathedral after it had been damaged by the Puritans, and again his nephew accomplished the task.
He married Elizabeth, daughter of Thomas Cutler of Ipswich. Their eldest son was Matthew Wren, secretary to the Duke of York.

</doc>
<doc id="2922939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922939" title="CBS Radio News">
CBS Radio News

CBS Radio News, historically known as the CBS Radio Network, provides news to more than 1,000 radio stations throughout the United States. The network is owned by CBS Corporation; it is the last of the three original national U.S. radio networks (CBS, NBC and Mutual) still owned by its parent company. 
CBS Radio News is one of the programming services distributed by Dial Global, which acquired the former Westwood One (formerly managed by CBS) in October 2011. It produces and distributes national news, talk, music and special event programs, in addition to local news, weather, video news and other information to radio and television stations as well as traffic reporting services.
Background.
The network is the oldest unit of the CBS Corporation and traces its roots to CBS's predecessor, United Independent Broadcasters, founded in 1927 with 47 affiliates. The next year, Columbia Records invested in the radio network, which was named the Columbia Phonographic Broadcasting System. Eventually, Columbia pulled its backing from the struggling web. William S. Paley bought a half-interest in what became the Columbia Broadcasting System in 1928 and became its president. (In 1938, CBS bought its former parent, Columbia Records.) For more about the network's history, see CBS.
Programming.
Today, CBS Radio News is best known for its news and public affairs programming distributed to more than 500 affiliates, as well as owned-and-operated (O&O) flagship station WCBS in New York, and several other O&O's including KYW in Philadelphia, KNX in Los Angeles, KCBS in San Francisco, WBBM in Chicago, WBZ in Boston, WWJ in Detroit, KMOX in St. Louis, KRLD in Dallas and WCCO in Minneapolis.
Its offerings include the top-of-the-hour newscasts and the half-hour news updates. In addition to the over-the-air product, reports and actualities are made available to affiliates on its Newsfeeds, among the best-known products of the CBS Radio newsroom. Newsfeeds are subscribed heavily to by WCBS, KYW and other top outlets.
Among its on-air programs are the "CBS News-on-the-Hour" and the morning "Osgood File" features with Charles Osgood.
The network is home to the morning and evening editions of the "CBS World News Roundup", U.S. broadcasting's oldest news series. Steve Kathan anchors the morning show, while Bill Whitney hosts the evening edition. The daily "Roundup" dates back to a special on March 13, 1938, covering Germany's annexation of Austria. Each Friday, the network also produces the "CBS News Weekend Roundup," a look at the top stories of the week, hosted by Dan Raviv, with a commentary from Charles Grodin. 
CBS Radio has an impressive list of reporters around the world including Peter Maer, Barry Bagnato, Mark Knoller, Bob Fuss, Cami McCormick and Lara Logan. Logan also reports for CBS Television, and many TV correspondents also appear on CBS Radio newscasts.
In 2009, CBS launched a long-form late night talk program hosted by Jon Grayson and the existing morning talk show hosted by Michael Smerconish on some of its owned-and-operated stations. CBS themselves handle the syndication of Grayson's show, while syndication for Smerconish's show to non-CBS stations has been outsourced to Dial Global (which at that time was not involved with the CBS Radio Network itself). Grayson's show, "Overnight America", also entered national syndication via Dial Global on January 30, 2012; meanwhile, Smerconish discontinued the morning show in 2011.
CBS Radio reporters also contribute to Dial Global's hour-long broadcast "America In the Morning," hosted by Jim Bohannon; because "America In the Morning" is broadcast on many stations not affiliated with CBS (in addition to several which are), references to CBS News are usually edited from the CBS correspondents' reports and closing bylines.
Three of CBS's television programs are currently simulcast on CBS Radio News; those are "Face the Nation", "60 Minutes", and the first segment of the "CBS Evening News" (some stations, such as WBZ in Boston, air the entire "Evening News"). In addition, the "Late Show with David Letterman" Top Ten List is also broadcast by the network in a short-form-feature format.
Other public-affairs features include "CBS Healthwatch" with Dr. Emily Senay, "Raising Our Kids" (formerly suffixed with "in the 90s" during that decade) with WCBS morning anchor Pat Carroll, and "What's in the News". 
Historically, the sports coverage now produced by Dial Global was branded as CBS Radio Sports and, like the news features, associated with the CBS Radio Network; however, after CBS began managing Westwood One, the sports broadcasts would come under the Westwood One banner (with both identities used in the late 1990s), a practice that would continue even after CBS stopped managing Westwood One in 2007. (Westwood One was acquired by Dial Global in October 2011.) CBS has since announced plans to launch CBS Sports Radio in fall 2012 through a rival network, Cumulus Media Networks (the former ABC Radio, which had been stripped of its sports division in its 2007 sale).
"Music and the Spoken Word".
While the network's "World News Roundup" is the longest-running news show on radio or TV in the U.S., the title of longest-running network radio show of any kind goes to another CBS Radio program—"Music and the Spoken Word," a half-hour of music and inspirational thought featuring the Mormon Tabernacle Choir. It began on July 15, 1929 and currently airs each Sunday morning at 11:30 Eastern Time. (The longest running radio show of any kind is the "Grand Ole Opry", broadcast on WSM since November 28, 1925.)

</doc>
<doc id="2922945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922945" title="Annette Schavan">
Annette Schavan

Early life.
Schavan was born in Jüchen on 10 June 1955.
Career.
From 1995-2005, Schavan served as the minister of culture, youth, and sports for the German state of Baden-Württemberg. During this time, she oversaw school education in Baden-Württemberg. One controversy that erupted during this time was when a Muslim teacher was banned from wearing a head scarf in school, as that was interpreted as a religious symbol, while at the same time allowing Catholic nuns to wear their traditional habits. The argumentation was that the habits of nuns and monks have an official function, while a Muslim headscarf is optional.
Schavan was regarded as a possible Christian Democratic candidate for Germany's presidency in 2004, but Horst Köhler was nominated and elected instead. In 2005, she attempted to succeed Erwin Teufel as Prime Minister of Baden-Württemberg, but she was defeated by her rival Günther Oettinger in the internal elections of the CDU.
Schavan served as federal minister for education from 2005 to February 2013. She was succeeded by Johanna Wanka.
Plagiarism.
In 2012, a blogger with the pseudonym Robert Schmidt who is a member of the research-network VroniPlag Wiki alleged he had found plagiarism in Schavan's PhD thesis, entitled "Character and conscience — Studies on the conditions, necessities, and demands on the development of conscience in the present day." The University of Düsseldorf conducted an investigation into the plagiarism charge. Investigators found paraphrasing of secondary literature without naming the source in over 60 cases in the dissertation and thereby on 5 February 2013 revoked her doctorate degree because of “systematic and premeditated” deception.
On 9 February 2013, it was announced that Annette Schavan had offered to resign as minister, which was accepted by chancellor Angela Merkel. Schavan has denied any wrongdoing and indicated she would take legal action against the university.
Awards.
In 2006, she received the Else Mayer Award.

</doc>
<doc id="2922953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922953" title="Mount Cornwell">
Mount Cornwell

Mount Cornwell can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2922973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922973" title="California's 48th congressional district">
California's 48th congressional district

California's 48th congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S. state of California based in Orange County in Southern California. The district from 2003-2013 included the cities of Aliso Viejo, Dana Point, Irvine, Laguna Beach, Laguna Hills, Laguna Niguel, Laguna Woods, Lake Forest (formerly known as El Toro), Tustin, and parts of Newport Beach and San Juan Capistrano. 
Beginning with the 113th Congress, California's 48th congressional district includes Seal Beach, Sunset Beach, Huntington Beach, Midway City, parts of Westminster, Fountain Valley, parts of Santa Ana, Costa Mesa, Newport Beach, Aliso Viejo, Laguna Beach, and Laguna Niguel. 
The district is currently represented by Republican Dana Rohrabacher. The district is now centered in Huntington Beach.

</doc>
<doc id="2922983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922983" title="Associated Grocers of the South">
Associated Grocers of the South

Associated Grocers of the South was founded in 1927 by 13 local grocery store owners from Birmingham, Alabama, in the United States. Led by Larry Grimes, they chose to establish a retailers' cooperative to compete against the emerging chain stores. The organization has expanded from of public warehouse to now having nearly . The company serves 300 independent grocers in Alabama, Mississippi, Georgia, Tennessee and Florida. It distributes the Shurfine brand private label and is a member-owner of Topco Associates, LLC.

</doc>
<doc id="2922986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922986" title="Bersa Thunder 9">
Bersa Thunder 9

The Thunder 9 is a full size semi-automatic handgun manufactured by Bersa at the Ramos Mejia production plant in Argentina. It is also sold under the name Firestorm or FS 9.
Development History.
This handgun is an evolution of the Model 90, the first full size 9mm Luger pistol made by the Argentine company and introduced in 1989. In 1994, when the entire Bersa pistol production line was renamed "Thunder", the Model 90 was modified with better functionalities and placement of the fire control group, match barrel, improved sights, better ergonomics, lighter weight and increased magazine capacity. It then became the full size offering of the Thunder model range.
Design.
The Thunder 9 shares little in common with the other handguns in the company's product line. While the smaller Thunders are a blow-back pistols similar to the Walther PPK, the Thunder 9 is a full-size, short-recoil handgun to handle the greater pressure of the 9mm Parabellum cartridge. The gun bears some resemblance to the Walther P88 pistol, although the internal design is a modified version (double action) of the Beretta M 1951.
The slide and barrel are high strength steel and the frame is aluminum alloy. Available finishes are black matte, nickel, and a two-tone with a nickel finished slide and satin black frame. All the available finishing styles are non-reflective. The polymer grips are integrated "wraparound" style. The trigger is double-action for the first shot, single-action thereafter. The magazine is double stack and the slide remains open after the last round is fired. The magazine release button can be reversed for left-handed shooters and it has a "round in the chamber" indicator. It is one of the easiest, if not the easiest, semi-automatic handgun to field strip for cleaning.
The pistol features ambidextrous safety, a decocker activated by the safety lever, emphasized sights, combat trigger guard, an integrated accessory mounting groove in the frame (added after the year 2000, in the Pro, for Professional, version), firing pin block; the pistol will not fire unless the trigger is squeezed all the way back protecting from accidental falling.
Variants.
From the original Thunder 9, many other versions were introduced later on.
Calibers.
The number after the name "Thunder" identify the cartridge fired. They are called the Thunder 9, Thunder 40, and Thunder 45 for the 9mm Luger, .40 S&W, and .45 ACP cartridges, respectively. The Thunder 9 and Thunder 45 Ultra Compact are +P rated.
Compact Versions.
The Compact versions of the Bersa Thunder full size handguns were introduced at the end of the 1990s. Initially the name was "Mini Thunder" later changed to "Thunder Ultra Compact". Available chamberings are 9 mm Parabellum, .40 S&W and .45 ACP. The .45 version is not available in a full size. Barrel length is reduced to 3.5 inches (3.6 for the .45 ACP caliber).
The Thunder Ultra Compact features a security key to activate a security locking system located on the left side of the frame under the take down lever, in the locked position the hammer cannot be cocked, the trigger won't work in double action, the slide won't cycle and the gun cannot be disassembled. Each pistol has an individual key.
Shooting Competitions.
Bersa Thunder full size pistols have won several IPSC matches and are always very competitive either with the official Team Bersa or in the hands of private shooters.

</doc>
<doc id="2922996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922996" title="Mount Cornwell (Antarctica)">
Mount Cornwell (Antarctica)

Mount Cornwell () is a mountain, high, standing south of Mount Washburn in Gromshin Heights along the northeast side of Newcomer Glacier in the northern part of the Sentinel Range. It surmounts lower Vicha Glacier to the east and Newcomer Glacier to the west.
The mountain was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Lieutenant James W. Cornwell of U.S. Navy Squadron VX-6, who was co-pilot on photographic flights over the range on December 14–15, 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="2922999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2922999" title="Favus">
Favus

Favus (Latin for "honeycomb") is a disease usually affecting the scalp, but occurring occasionally on any part of the skin, and even at times on mucous membranes. 
Presentation.
The uncomplicated appearance is that of a number of yellowish, circular, cup-shaped crusts (scutula) grouped in patches like a piece of honeycomb, each about the size of a split pea, with a hair projecting in the center. These increase in size and become crusted over, so that the characteristic lesion can only be seen round the edge of the scab. A mousy odour is often present. Growth continues to take place for several months, when scab and scutulum come away, leaving a shining bare patch destitute of hair. The disease is essentially chronic, lasting from ten to twenty years. It is caused by the growth of a fungus, and pathologically is the reaction of the tissues to the growth. 
The fungus was named after a microscopic structure termed "achorion" (a term not used in modern science), seen in scrapings of infected skin, which consists of slender, mycelial threads matted together, bearing oval, nucleated fungal substrate-arthroconidia either free or jointed. This structure is currently called "scutula." The fungus itself is now called "Trichophyton schoenleinii".
During initial infection, the fungal spores would appear to enter through the unbroken cutaneous surface, and to germinate mostly in and around the hair follicle and sometimes in the shaft of the hair. 
Species.
It was the first disease in which a fungus was discovered by J. L. Schönlein in 1839; the discovery was published in a brief note of twenty lines in Millers Archive for that year (p. 82), the fungus having been subsequently named by Robert Remak; "Achorion schoenleinii" after its discoverer. 
In 1892, two additional "species" of the fungus were described by Paul Gerson Unna, the "Favus griseus", giving rise to greyish-yellow scutula, and the "Favus sulphureus celerior", causing sulfur-yellow scutula of a rapid growth. This was in the days before scientists learned to rigorously distinguish microorganism identities from disease identities, and these antique, ambiguous disease-based names no longer have status either in mycology or in dermatology.
Similar looking infections, sometimes diagnosed as favus but more often as atypical inflammatory tinea, may rarely be produced by agents of more common dermatophyte fungal infections, in particular "Microsporum gypseum", the most common soil-borne dermatophyte fungus, and "Trichophyton mentagrophytes" (name used in post-1999 sense for a phylogenetic species formerly referred to as "Trichophyton mentagrophytes" var. "quinckeanum"), the agent of favus infection of the mouse. 
Treatment.
Up until the advent of modern therapies, favus was widespread worldwide; prior to Schönlein's recognition of it as a fungal disease, it was frequently confused with Hansen's disease, better known as leprosy, and European sufferers were sometimes committed to leprosaria. Today, due to this species' high susceptibility to the antifungal drug griseofulvin, it has been eliminated from most parts of the world except rural central Asia and scattered rural areas of Africa. It is mainly a disease connected to demographic poverty and isolation, but is so readily treatable that it is among the diseases most likely to be completely eliminated by modern medicine.

</doc>
<doc id="2923010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923010" title="RF antenna ion source">
RF antenna ion source

An RF antenna ion source (or radio frequency antenna ion source) is an internal multi-cusp design that can produce a particle beam of about ~30 to 40 mA current. It is used in high energy particle physics and in accelerator laboratories.
Previous RF antennas would penetrate the porcelain enamel coating on the antenna section at high RF power. This problem has been corrected in the development stage with a ten layer coating of titanium dioxide, with approximately 1 mm thick coating.
With the development of the RF antenna ion source, or "non-thermionic ion source," the ion source has an advantage over conventional cold cathodes and hot filament ion sources. The filament continuously burns out over time with a shorter lifespan, requiring venting of the ion source to atmosphere and rebuilding of the ion source.

</doc>
<doc id="2923017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923017" title="Godefroi de Leigni">
Godefroi de Leigni

Godefroi de Leigni was a clerk and an associate of Chrétien de Troyes during the 12th century, presumably at the court of Marie de Champagne. He finished Chrétien's romance "Lancelot, the Knight of the Cart" after Chrétien abandoned it for unknown reasons.
Godefroi was presumably born in the village of Leigni, now called Ligny, in the modern Belgian province of Namur, or was at least intimately associated with it. Chrétien states at the beginning of "Lancelot" that Marie de Champagne had commissioned him to compose the poem, and Godefroi says at the end that with Chrétien's blessing, he had brought the work from line 6132, where Lancelot has been trapped behind a wall by Meleagant, to its conclusion some thousand lines later. 
Most scholars have tended to believe Godefroi when he says he was following an outline left by Chrétien when he completed the poem (Chretien states he is following a text provided by Marie of Champagne). However in 1989, David Hult advanced "the possibility that Godefroi is a fiction of Chrétien." Roberta Krueger also reads Godefroi as a scribal persona created by Chrétien himself, a "fictional clerky author figure conceived by [Chrétien]" to "tie up" his adulterous love plot in a homosocial literary bond that craftily ignores the heterosexual tension the work has sought to create.
There has been much speculation about why Chrétien left the poem where he did. Some suggest that he, Medieval France's greatest treater of married love, did not approve of the adulterous subject. Others hold that he was uninterested by a subject thrust upon him by his patroness, preferring to spend more time on "Yvain, the Knight of the Lion", a poem he wrote at the same time as "Lancelot".

</doc>
<doc id="2923028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923028" title="Pool-type reactor">
Pool-type reactor

Pool-type reactors, also called swimming pool reactors, are a type of nuclear reactor that has a core (consisting of the fuel elements and the control rods) immersed in an open pool of water. The water acts as neutron moderator, cooling agent and radiation shield. The layer of water directly above the reactor core shields the radiation so completely that operators may work above the reactor safely. This design has two major advantages: the reactor is easily accessible and the whole primary cooling system, "i.e." the pool water, is under normal pressure. This avoids the high temperatures and great pressures of nuclear power plants. Pool reactors are used as a source of neutrons and for training, and in rare instances for process heat but not for electrical generation. 
Description.
Open pools range in height from 6m to 9m (20' to 30') and diameter from 1.8m to 3.6m (6' to 12'). Some pools, like the one at the Canadian MAPLE reactor, are rectangular instead of cylindrical and often contain as much as 416,000 litres (110,000 gallons) of water. Most pools are built above floor level but some are completely or partially below ground. Ordinary (light) water- and heavy water-only types exist as well as so-called "tank in pool" designs that use heavy water moderation in a small tank situated in a larger light water pool for cooling. Life preservers are sometimes located around the facility to rescue personnel that may fall into the pool, further adding to the appearance of a swimming pool-like environment.
Normally the reactor is charged with low enriched uranium (LEU) fuel consisting of less than 20% U-235 alloyed with a matrix such as aluminium or zirconium. Highly enriched uranium (HEU) was the fuel of choice since it had a longer lifetime, but these have been largely phased out of non-military reactors to avoid proliferation issues. However most often 19.75% enrichment is used, falling just under the 20% level that would make it highly enriched. Fuel elements may be plates or rods with 8.5% to 45% uranium. Beryllium and graphite blocks or plates may be added to the core as neutron reflectors and neutron absorbing rods pierce the core for control. General Atomics of La Jolla, CA manufactures TRIGA reactor fuel elements in France for the majority of these types of reactors around the world. Core cooling is accomplished either by convection induced by the hot core or in larger reactors by forced coolant flow and heat exchangers.
Various stations for holding items to be irradiated are located inside the core or directly adjacent to the core. Samples may be lowered into the core from above or delivered pneumatically via horizontal tubes from outside the tank at core level. Evacuated, or helium filled horizontal tubes may also be installed to direct a beam of neutrons to targets situated at a distance from the reactor hall.
Applications.
Most research reactors are of the pool type. These tend to be low power, low maintenance designs. For example AECL's SLOWPOKE is licensed to run unattended for up to 18 hours. Boron neutron capture therapy is another, medical use.

</doc>
<doc id="2923038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923038" title="Alfred Deakin High School">
Alfred Deakin High School

Alfred Deakin High School is a government secondary school in Deakin, Australian Capital Territory, covering years 7 to 10 in the Territory's education system. It is named after the second Australian Prime Minister, Alfred Deakin.
History.
Two separate schools in the area, Deakin High School in Deakin and Woden Valley High School in Mawson, commenced in 1966 and 1968 respectively. In 1989, the two were amalgamated on the Deakin site and the name Alfred Deakin High School chosen.
Since 1989 the school building has undergone considerable refurbishment, including the acquisition of modern kitchens, technology, including information technology and photography areas. During 1991 the school gymnasium was completed and officially opened. In more recent times special purpose rooms for dance and drama, computing, multi-media and problem solving in mathematics have been added. In early 1999 major refurbishments were completed in the science area and similar improvements to teaching spaces in Technology were completed in 2000. During 2009 the school under took refurbishment which included new toilets, new carpeting and the gym was refurbishment. The upgrades were part of the Rudd government's Education revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="2923041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923041" title="Frank Espinosa">
Frank Espinosa

Frank Espinosa is an American animator and cartoonist. He has worked extensively for Disney and Warner Bros., having redesigned the Looney Tunes characters in 1992, fashioned a series of Looney Tunes U.S. postage stamps, and designed the Baby Looney Tunes characters, among other achievements.
In 2005–2006, Espinosa produced the comic book "Rocketo", published by Speakeasy Comics and Image Comics. Espinosa’s art can also be seen in a two-part back-up feature starring the Living Totem by writer Zeb Wells in "Doc Samson" (Marvel Comics) #4–5 (April–May 2006). In 2007, Espinosa drew the first two issues of the Image Comics series "Killing Girl".
Espinosa began teaching Character and World Design at the Comparative Media Studies program at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in fall 2006.
Espinosa was nominated for three 2006 Eisner Awards: Best New Series ("Rocketo"), Best Continuing Series ("Rocketo"), and Best Cover Artist.

</doc>
<doc id="2923063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923063" title="Hess's">
Hess's

Hess's was a department store chain based in Allentown, Lehigh County, Pennsylvania in the United States. The company started in 1897 with one store, originally known as Hess Brothers, and had grown to nearly 80 stores at its peak in the late 1980s. The chain's stores were eventually closed or sold off in a series of deals in the early to mid-1990s.
History.
Establishment.
The department store known as Hess Brothers was founded on February 19, 1897, by Charles and Max Hess. Max Hess came to Allentown in 1896 on a business trip and envisioned a department store serving the area. He moved his family from Perth Amboy, New Jersey, in 1897 and opened Hess Brothers on Ninth and Hamilton streets.
The brothers opened their store in Allentown by first renting half of the "Grand Central Hotel", a building first erected in 1868 as the "Black Bear Hotel" at 835 Hamilton Street. In 1890 it was renamed as the Grand Central. The Hess Brother's dry goods business became more and more successful and in 1901, the Hess store expanded to take over the entire Grand Central Hotel. On 6 March 1913, the store was expanded by acquiring neighboring properties and adding a soda fountain and restaurant that seated 400 patrons, filling almost a city block. In 1927, an eight story annex was added to store that containing new departments that also added a shipping and delivery area.
Golden era.
Max Hess, Sr., died in 1922, and Charles continued to run the store from 1922 to 1932. Max Hess, Jr., continued the Hess’s legacy from 1932 through 1968. The younger Hess was seen as a leader in retailing. In the 1953 B.C. Forbes & Sons book, "America’s Twelve Master Salesmen", Hess is listed as the second master salesman. According to this book, Hess’s principle was, “Strive for a specific goal.”
While the exterior of the store still appeared as separate buildings, the inside was renovated to look as one large building. Magnificent crystal chandeliers graced the main hall of Hess Brothers, and many windows allowed natural light to fill the store. These and other displays enabled the Hess brothers to succeed at making their store look like a "big city department store." The facade of the store was updated in 1947 using the Art Moderne style. The store eventually had five floors and over 400,000 square feet of retail space.
One of the landmarks of Allentown was the large Hess Brothers sign along Hamilton Street. The Hess sign was the biggest of its type outside New York City, weighing 8 tons and was 45 feet tall and the letters, made of porcelain enamel, being 7 feet high each. It was built to resist wind pressure of 40 pounds per square foot. The sign was three-sided to make it visible to both eastbound and westbound traffic. It had 2,250 light bulbs and neon tubing. The 378 circuits were operated by a clock inside the sign, and it had eight light cycles timed to spell out the name H E S S one letter at a time. It was turned on for the first time on 23 December 1947 during the Christmas holiday season. For 25 years the Hess sign reigned supreme on Hamilton Street. When construction began on the Allentown Hamilton Mall project in late 1971, it was clear there would be no place for the sign. On June 30, 1972 it was removed along with all all the other outdoor retail signage in the Central Business District.
Charles, and later Max Jr., made Hess Brothers a shopping destination. Flamboyance and excitement were cornerstones of the store. It was well known for its fashion apparel as a result of introducing the latest trends from Europe. Children delighted at the giant toy soldiers Hess’s used as Christmas decorations in addition to "Pip the Mouse" in a puppet show at the flagship store. Shoppers were treated to the annual May flower show, fashion shows, and celebrity appearances, including by Johnny Carson, Zsa Zsa Gabor, Barbara Walters, Rosalynn Carter, Burt Ward (Robin in the "Batman" TV series), Gina Lollobrigida, and Rock Hudson.
Significant in its retail "firsts" was the over-the-counter sale of pure gold in 1974 when bullion sale was legalized, as well as the introduction of the Rudi Gernreich topless bathing suit (Hess's was one of only a handful of stores in the entire country to carry the suits, notably failing to sell a single one). Additionally, "The Patio", the store’s restaurant, was renowned with shoppers for its strawberry pie and sundaes. Biannual sales events at Hess's were often semi-disastrous as shoppers who waited outside for the store to open in the morning would proceed to trample each other and store employees to get to discounted merchandise, leaving the shelves and racks completely stripped bare afterwards.
In 1968, Max Hess, Jr., sold the store to Philip Berman. At this time, the store business was officially renamed Hess’s, and Berman began an expansion plan for the store, opening new stores in suburban Pennsylvania shopping malls. Berman noted the success of the new Whitehall Mall, with the Allentown Sears and Zollinger and Harned department stores in suburban Allentown. He wanted Hess's to be part of the wave of mall construction during the 1970s, and to be anchor stores in them. The first non-Allentown branch store was opened at the Nittanny Mall in State College in 1968. Additional stores were established in Lancaster and Easton in 1971; Bethlehem in 1973, two in suburban Allentown shopping centers in 1974, and others in eastern and central Pennsylvania by 1979.
Chain operations.
In October 1979, Crown American, a developer and owner of hotels and shopping malls, purchased the Hess’s chain, then 17 stores large, as a wholly owned subsidiary. Under Crown American’s leadership, Hess’s enjoyed the booming retail market of the 1980s and expanded to 76 stores by 1990. However, a number of cost-cutting measures had been made following the transfer of the chain to Berman and Crown American, including abandoning most of Hess's previous practices such as the flower/fashion shows and celebrity appearances. The store's outside windows in the main Allentown store were covered up after their annual holiday window decoration displays were ended, along with the regular store window dressing displays of merchandise.
In addition to opening stores in available locations, Hess’s purchased other department store chains and converted them to the Hess’s nameplate, such as Penn Traffic Department Stores, based in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, in 1981, and Rices Nachmans, based in Virginia Beach, Virginia, in 1985. Hess's also acquired the Knoxville, Tennessee based Miller's Department Store chain from Allied Stores by hostile takeover in 1987. In September 1987 Hess's agreed to acquire Snyder's, Inc., a privately held Louisville, Kentucky department store, as well as five L. S. Ayres stores in Kentucky that Snyder's had agreed to buy (L. S. Ayres having assumed them from Stewart Dry Goods and Pogue's only a few years earlier). This new division was briefly operated under the Snyder's name, but in November 1987 Hess's announced that it would phase out the Millers and Snyder's names in favor of its own moniker in February 1988.
In a few years, however, Hess’s suffered under increased retail competition and a national recession, so it sold or shuttered 43 of its stores, especially in the South, including the Knoxville stores to Dillard's and 18 sold to Proffitt's in two deals in 1992 and 1993. The remaining 30 stores were sold off including the main Allentown store in 1994, ending the Hess's 97-year enterprise; May Department Stores purchased 10 locations, and The Bon-Ton bought 20.
The flagship store at Ninth and Hamilton Streets in Allentown was among those bought by The Bon-Ton. However, downtown Allentown had been declining for years starting in the 1970s and continued operation was not profitable. On 9 November 1995 Bon-Ton Stores announced that the Downtown Allentown store was closing, and it shuttered its doors for good on 15 January 1996.
Closure and Redevelopment.
With the closure of the store in Allentown, Bon Ton placed the property for sale and received inquiries from several developers, one of which being Mark Mendleson. Mendleson had purchased several properties in Allentown beginning with the Americus Hotel in 1985. However, by 1996, Mendleson had developed a poor reputation with his property management in Allentown, and he was involved in a series of disputes with the City of Allentown with regards to non-payment of taxes, and the properties he owned being in an extremely poor state of repair. It was also feared by the City that the property would be left vacant until property values improved or it would be used for a large flea market, tattoo parlors or adult movie theaters.
Allentown Mayor William L. Heydt began a campaign for the City to purchase the property and redevelop the building. In October 1998, the city purchased the store from Bon Ton, Inc. for $1.8 million. In addition to the department store building, the adjacent closed H.L. Green property, which was operated for decades as part of the McCrory Stores five and ten store chain, was purchased. However, with the purchase by the City, a survey of the property revealed that the 9th and Hamilton Street building was in relatively poor condition and considered unsuitable for any other use. The property consisted of a maze of old buildings, that were cobbled together by Hess to accommodate the growing retail business. Over the years it had a number of inconsistent renovations, and it lacked even a central heating system (the light fixtures were used for warmth), and portions of the McCrory building could be dated to the old Black Bear Hotel of the 1880s. The site was considered not worth preserving, and plans were made for its demolition. The seven-story parking deck at 814 Linden Street. and the employee parking deck at 826 Turner Street, built in 1970, were retained and transferred to the Allentown Parking Authority.
The news of the demolition of the building affected the people of Allentown, as Hess's was a symbol of pride for the city over the decades, and much sentiment was attached to the building. A considerable remediation effort was begun to rid the old building of hazardous materials. In January, 2000, when the last of the materials safely out of the way, the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection gave its go-ahead for demolition work to commence. The demolition was completed by October, 2000 and the site was graded with gravel and a fence erected.
During this time, a series of redevelopment options, including the building of a Hockey Arena was reviewed by the City. Eventually the former Hess's property was sold to Pennsylvania Power and Light, who expanded their office complex onto the site with The Plaza at PPL Center, a new office building that opened in July 2003 at the former Hess's flagship store site that boasts a long list of environmental features, including a vegetative roof and innovative energy and water-saving devices. The building includes one floor of leased office space, and the plaza level of the building includes retail storefronts.

</doc>
<doc id="2923064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923064" title="Florida State Road 970">
Florida State Road 970

State Road 970 (SR 970), also known as the Downtown Distributor, is a short elevated freeway connecting Interstate 95 and U.S. Route 1 in Downtown Miami. Upon the relinquishment of Brickell Avenue by FDOT, SR 970 will become part of US 1/SR 5.
Route description.
The expressway is two lanes wide in each direction, and had an annual average daily traffic volume of 34,000 according to a 2007 report, with an estimated volume of 37,500 in 2015.
In addition to the entrance and exit at US 1, SR 970 also has entrance and exit ramps at Miami Avenue, three blocks to the west. Eastbound drivers also can exit to SE 1st Avenue near the James L. Knight Center and the Miami Tower.
This route is mostly unsigned. On the Interstate, there is no recognition of the State Road status of the Downtown Distributor, as exit signs in both directions indicate "Biscayne Boulevard, US 1". On the Distributor, both at the eastern end and roughly from the Interstate, State Road 970 shields are present, but without directional indicators.
History.
It opened simultaneously with the adjacent stretch of I-95 in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="2923068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923068" title="T17 (armored car)">
T17 (armored car)

The T17 and the T17E1 were two American armored car designs produced during the Second World War. Neither saw service with frontline US forces but the latter was supplied, via the United Kingdom, to British and Commonwealth forces during the war and received the service name Staghound. A number of countries used the Staghound after the war, with some of the vehicles continuing to serve into the 1980s.
History.
In July 1941, the US Army Ordnance issued specifications for a medium armored car alongside a specification for heavy armored car (which resulted in the T18 Boarhound). Ford Motor Company built a six wheels, all driven (6 x 6) prototype which was designated T17 and Chevrolet a four wheels, all driven (4 x 4) model designated T17E1. At the same time, the British Purchasing Commission was also looking for medium and heavy armored cars for use in the war in North Africa. Had the U.S. adopted this, it would have been called the M6.
Both the T17 and T17E used the same turret which was designed by Rock island Arsenal with British requirements driving some of the design features such as putting at least two crew in the turret and placing the radio in the turret so that it was close to the commander.
T17.
The T17 was armed with a 37 mm gun in a rotating turret, a coaxial machine gun and a bow machine gun. Power was from two Hercules JXD engines. In the interests of standardization, these replaced Ford's initial 90 hp engines.
The British gave the name Deerhound to the T17. Production started in October 1942. The US military eventually decided to adopt the lighter M8 Greyhound vehicle instead; as an interim measure T17 production continued until M8 production could be started. These were to be supplied as "International Aid" but US Army tests in early 1943 showed the T17 was lacking compared to the T17E and so Britain turned them down. The 250 units produced were disarmed and given to the United States Army Military Police Corps for use in the States.
T17E1.
The British allocated the name Staghound to the T17E series. British liaison officers had had contact with Macpherson, the Chevrolet engineer in charge of the project and felt they had influenced him sufficiently to produce something that met all their requirements. Accordingly in December the British Purchasing Commission "formally requested" production of 300 vehicles; the US Army authorized production of 2000 in January 1942. The British order was confirmed in March 1942 when the pilot T17E was delivered to the Aberdeen Proving Ground. Testing showed flaws but these were expected to be correctable and a further 1,500 were contracted for.
Production started in October 1942. The US Army convened a board to examine the state of the multitude of armored car projects and recommended in December 1942 the cancellation of the larger designs and standardization on a smaller vehicle. This lighter vehicle would appear as the M8 Greyhound vehicle. However the British applied for T17E1 production to be continued for the United Kingdom under Lend-Lease. Approximately 4,000 Staghounds were produced in total.
The Staghound was an innovative design that incorporated some advanced features. It had two rear-facing 6-cylinder engines with automatic transmissions (with 4 forward and 1 reverse gears) feeding through a transfer case to drive both axles. Either two- or four-wheel drive could be selected. Either engine could be shut down while in motion and taken out of the drive train. Additionally, a power steering pump was incorporated that could be switched on or off manually from the driver's instrument panel depending on steering conditions. Steering and suspension components were directly attached to the hull as the structure was rigid enough to dispense with the need for a separate chassis.
Operational service.
The Staghound entered service too late for use in the North African Campaign where its combination of armor, range and main armament would have been an advantage in a light forces reconnaissance role. As a result, it first saw operational service in Italy, where many units found its large physical size too restrictive in the narrow roads, and streets of Europe. It saw most service at squadron and regimental headquarter level; an armoured car regiment having three Staghounds with the Regimental HQ and three with each HQ of the four squadrons in the regiment. Conditions for the Staghound improved when the Italian campaign became more mobile in the middle of 1944, and the Staghound was also used in north-west Europe campaign.
After the war, the Staghounds were distributed among smaller NATO countries in Europe and to the Middle East.

</doc>
<doc id="2923078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923078" title="HMS Ardent (H41)">
HMS Ardent (H41)

HMS "Ardent" was an A-class destroyer of the Royal Navy. She served during the Second World War in Home waters and off the Norwegian coast, before becoming an early war loss when she was sunk by the German warships and on 8 June 1940 whilst escorting the aircraft carrier .
Construction and commissioning.
HMS "Ardent" was ordered on 6 March 1928 from the yards of Scotts Shipbuilding and Engineering Company, Greenock, Scotland under the 1927 Naval Estimates. She was laid down on 30 July 1928 and was launched a year later on 26 June 1929. She was commissioned on 14 April 1930. After carrying out acceptance trials throughout March 1930, she was assigned on 23 March to operate with the 3rd Destroyer Flotilla, with the Mediterranean Fleet. Whilst working up, her No. 4 gun mounting was found to be defective and "Ardent" returned to Chatham for a replacement. The repairs were not completed until May, and she did not sail for her new station at Malta until 19 May.
Early career.
"Ardent" was deployed throughout June to September 1930, carrying out exercises and taking part in Fleet visits programmes. By October, however, her continued deployment was in question due to the recurrence of a number of defects. She put into the Royal Dockyard at Malta on 31 October to undergo repairs. She was not taken in hand for a survey until 1 December. By January 1931, her complement was reduced in anticipation of a long programme of repairs, which eventually lasted until September. During this time, she was paid off and reduced to the reserve. With the completion of repairs, "Ardent" was nominated to be recommissioned and to subsequently rejoin the 3rd Flotilla. She was recommissioned on 4 November, and after a period of working up rejoined the flotilla in December.
1932-1933 was spent carrying out Fleet Exercises and Visits Programmes as well as Flotilla exercises and independent visits. She also took part in combined exercises with the Home Fleet at Gibraltar each year in Spring. "Ardent" returned to the UK in January 1934 to undergo another refit. She was paid off in February and subsequently recommissioned to rejoin the flotilla. She spent March-July 1934 working up and on duties in home waters, before taking passage to Malta to rejoin the flotilla. The rest of the year was spent in the Mediterranean, in deployments and exercises. 1935 was much the same, with a brief visit to the Coronation Review at Spithead in June with the Mediterranean Fleet.
"Ardent" continued to deploy with the flotilla throughout 1936, but by August the Italian military operations in Abyssinia, and the outbreak of the Spanish Civil War caused an increased state of readiness amongst the ships of the Mediterranean Fleet. On 8 September, "Ardent" and other ships of the flotilla were deployed on non-intervention patrols off the Spanish coast, and provided assistance to British citizens in Spain. She returned to Malta on 17 October. After carrying out a few exercises off Malta, "Ardent" resumed her Spanish patrols, including providing humanitarian aid to refugees, on 29 November. These activities would keep her occupied throughout December and into 1937.
In January-February 1937, she was deployed as the Senior Naval Officer’s ship at Barcelona. In March, "Ardent" returned to the UK, and on 14 March was taken in hand at Sheerness for a long refit. The refit lasted until March 1938, and included the installation of anti-submarine detection equipment (ASDIC/Sonar). After the refit had been completed "Ardent" was nominated to serve with the Devonport Local Flotilla, along with her sister destroyers and , along with the older destroyer . After post refit trials in April, "Ardent" was recommissioned with a reduced complement to serve with the Plymouth Command. She served with this command as a training and emergency destroyer, and on 24 September her complement was increased as a result of the Munich crisis. She was also prepared for war service. By October, the crisis seemed to have abated, and on 11 October her complement was again reduced and she resumed her local flotilla duties. On 17 October, she entered Devonport Dockyard for repairs. She was back in service on 15 November and in December she was deployed at Devonport for boy's training, whilst remaining ready for emergency duty. This was how she would spend the first half of 1939. In July, she was again undergoing repair, and in August she was moved to her war station with the 18th Destroyer Flotilla, for convoy defence and anti-submarine patrol in the English Channel. On 23 August, with war looming, she was joined with a full complement and prepared for war.
Wartime career.
On the outbreak of the Second World War, "Ardent" joined the flotilla at Portland to cover the first troop convoys to France, through the South Western Approaches and in the Channel. In October, she was transferred to the Western Approaches Command but was later transferred to Liverpool. She sailed for Liverpool in January 1940, and began deployments in the Irish Sea, and the South Western Approaches. On 30 January, she was patrolling west of Ushant when she received an urgent SOS from , which had been escorting a convoy which had come under attack by a U-boat, which had already sunk the tanker . "Ardent" carried out a hunt for the U-boat with destroyers , , "Fowey" and Sunderland aircraft of 228 Squadron, RAF Coastal Command. They eventually forced the attacking U-boat — — to surface, whereupon she was attacked by aircraft and forced to scuttle herself. Forty-one of the crew were rescued by "Fowey" and "Whitshed". The next day, "Ardent" joined "Whitshed" in escorting the cruiser into Plymouth on her return from her battle with the .
"Ardent" remained deployed in the Western Approaches throughout February, before spending March escorting convoys from the Clyde to Norway. In April, she was transferred to the Home Fleet after the German invasion of Norway to carry out convoy escort duties. On 14 April, she was deployed with "Codrington" and "Achates" as part of the escort for military convoy NP1, on passage to Norway with troops for the planned landings at Narvik. On 4 May, "Ardent" damaged the underwater dome of her sonar outfit and had to return to the UK. She was taken in hand for the replacement of the dome on6 May, and returned to active duty on 18 May. On 22 May, she escorted the troopship as she took troops to the Faroe Islands to replace the Royal Marines that had been landed there in April as part of Operation Valentine. On 31 May, she and the destroyers , , and escorted the aircraft carriers and from the Clyde to the Norwegian coast to carry out air operations in support of the evacuation of allied forces from Norway, in Operation Alphabet. She remained as the carriers' escort throughout early June, with a period spent refuelling at Harstad.
Final battle.
"Ardent" was detached from "Ark Royal" on 8 June, and joined "Acasta" in escorting "Glorious" back to Scapa Flow. "En route", the three ships were discovered by the German warships and . "Ardent" and "Acasta" laid a protective smokescreen to hide the British ships, and engaged the German ships with her main armament, which proved to be ineffective at the range of the targets. Despite coming under heavy fire from the much larger guns of the Germans, "Ardent" carried out a torpedo attack. She managed to score a single hit with her gun, but was struck repeatedly by enemy shells. "Ardent" eventually capsized with the loss of 10 officers and 142 ratings. "Acasta" and "Glorious" were also sunk in the engagement. Only two of "Ardent"s survivors remained to be picked up by a German seaplane five days after the sinking. One of the two later died from exposure, leaving AB Roger Hooke, who crewed 'X' Gun, as "Ardent"s only survivor. Hooke was eventually repatriated to Britain in 1943 on account of ill health.

</doc>
<doc id="2923087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923087" title="Otakar Borůvka">
Otakar Borůvka

Otakar Borůvka (10 May 1899 in Uherský Ostroh – 22 July 1995 in Brno) was a Czech mathematician best known today for his work in graph theory, long before this was an established mathematical discipline.
Education and career.
Borůvka was born in Uherský Ostroh, a town in Moravia (then in Austria-Hungary, later Czechoslovakia; today Czech Republic), the son of a school headmaster. He attended the grammar school in Uherské Hradiště beginning in 1910. In 1916,
influenced by the ongoing World War I, he moved to the military school (Realschule) in Hranice, and later he enrolled into the military technical academy in Mödling near Vienna.
When the war ended, Borůvka returned to Uherské Hradiště, finished his studies in 1918 at the Gymnasium there, and became a student at the Imperial Czech Technical University of Franz Joseph, in Brno, initially studying civil engineering. In 1920, Masaryk University opened in Brno, and Borůvka also began taking courses there. He became an assistant to Mathias Lerch at Masaryk in 1921, but Lerch died in 1922; his position at Masaryk was taken by Eduard Čech, whom Borůvka also assisted, earning his doctorate in 1923.
At Čech's suggestion, Borůvka visited Élie Cartan in Paris from 1926 to 1927. He earned his habilitation from Masaryk University in 1927, and (turning down an offer from the University of Zagreb) he became a docent there in 1928. He continued to travel abroad through the late 1920s and early 1930s, to Cartan in Paris again as well as to Wilhelm Blaschke in Hamburg. He was promoted to assistant professor at Masaryk in 1934, given a chair in 1940, and made an ordinary professor in 1946.
In 1965, he founded the new journal "Archivum Mathematicum", and in 1969, he became a founding member of the Institute of Mathematics of the Czechoslovak Academy of Sciences, splitting his time between the Institute and his professorship at Masaryk.
Contributions.
The problem of designing efficient electric distribution networks had been suggested to Borůvka by his friend Jindřich Saxel, an employee of an electrical utility, during World War I. In his 1926 paper "O jistém problému minimálním" (English "On a certain minimal problem"), Borůvka solved this problem by modeling it mathematically as a minimum spanning tree problem, and
described the first known algorithm for finding the minimum spanning tree of a metric space (the set of cities to be connected by the network, together with their distances). Now called Borůvka's algorithm, his method works by repeatedly adding a connections between each subtree of the minimum spanning tree found so far and its nearest neighboring subtree.
From 1924 to 1935, Borůvka's primary interest was in differential geometry.
His work in this area concerned analytic correspondences between projective planes, normal curvature of high-dimensional surfaces, and Frenet formula for curves in high-dimensional spaces.
Beginning in the 1930s, Borůvka's interests shifted to abstract algebra, and in particular the theory of groups. He was also one of the first to study a generalization of groups, called by him "groupoids" but now more commonly referred to as magmas. A textbook by him on groups and groupoids, originally published in Czech in 1944, went through several expansions, and translations, including an English edition in 1976.
Following the war, Borůvka shifted gears again, from algebra to the theory of differential equations. He published several research papers on this subject, as well as a monograph on second-order differential equations which he published in 1971.
Awards and honors.
Borůvka became a corresponding member of the Czechoslovak Academy of Sciences at its creation in 1953, and an ordinary member in 1965. In 1969, Comenius University in Bratislava gave him an honorary doctorate, and in 1994 he received a second honorary doctorate from Masaryk University in Brno.
He has also been given medals by the Free University of Brussels, the University of Liège, Jagiellonian University, Comenius University, Palacký University of Olomouc, Jan Evangelista Purkyně University in Ústí nad Labem, the German Academy of Sciences at Berlin, the Russian Academy of Sciences#Academy of Sciences of the USSR, and the Czechoslovak Academy of Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="2923089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923089" title="Rabadash">
Rabadash

Prince Rabadash (The name is derived from "Rabadaşı", Turkish for the somewhat blasphemous title, "God-namesake") is a human character and the main antagonist in C. S. Lewis's fantasy novel "The Horse and His Boy". Rabadash is the heir to the throne of Calormen, being the eldest son of the Tisroc. In "The Horse and His Boy", he attempts to conquer Archenland, the neighbouring country of Narnia, but is thwarted by King Edmund and Queen Lucy of Narnia, with help from a boy named Shasta.
Rabadash goes to war because he is unsuccessful in courting Queen Susan of Narnia. We learn from the books that he and his retinue visited Susan at Cair Paravel, where he impressed the Queen. On Susan's return visit to Tashbaan, the capital of Calormen, accompanied by her brother King Edmund, she learns that Rabadash is a proud and cruel man, and fears (correctly) that he intends to take her by force if necessary. Susan, Edmund and their followers escape from Tashbaan. Rabadash, spoiled, angry, and with an injured pride to nurse, acquires permission from his father to lead a small force of cavalry to Narnia, in order to abduct Susan when she returns to Cair Paravel. This is to be preceded by surprising and capturing Anvard, the capital of Archenland, which, if successful, will also give Calormen a forward base from which to later invade Narnia itself. The Tisroc does not publicly support Rabadash's move, reasoning that it would be diplomatically inconvenient to order an unprovoked attack on a neighbouring country, and also seeing that Rabadash's hot-headedness and ambition are dangerous. The Tisroc would rather see Rabadash expend them abroad than on plotting to seize the throne from him, as has happened to previous Tisrocs.
In the scene where the Tisroc, the Vizier, and Prince Rabadash secretly discuss his proposal for attacking, the Vizier and his father the Tisroc use several proverbs that Lewis created (Unseth 2011). Rabadash, uneducated as well as hot-headed, cannot hold his own in such a conversation and complains, "I have had maxims and verses flung at me all day." 
Rabadash proceeds to take his force of cavalry into Archenland. But King Lune and the knights of his house are warned of the invasion by Shasta, and escape into Anvard. Rabadash, rather than recognising that his plan has failed, lays siege to the castle. Shasta meanwhile crosses the mountains into Narnia, where, on hearing his news, Edmund and Lucy lead an expeditionary force to Anvard. Rabadash's army, outnumbered and taken by surprise, is badly defeated, and he himself is taken prisoner to be brought before Lune's judgment.
At the end of "The Horse and His Boy", Aslan gives the captured Rabadash a chance to repent and accept the mercy of Lune, who has decided to release him on certain conditions. When Rabadash refuses and begins ranting about the god Tash avenging his indignity, Aslan transforms him into a donkey. Aslan then decrees that Rabadash must return to the temple of Tash in Tashbaan and stand before the altar at the time of the autumn feast, when literally thousands of his subjects will be watching. If this is done, he will regain his former person. However, he must live within a ten-mile radius of the vicinity of the temple. If he were to risk leaving that vicinity, he would risk being transformed into a donkey a second time, with no hope of ever changing back. Because he cannot leave Tashbaan, his reign upon assuming the throne is described as incredibly peaceful; he could not make war himself, and feared that any Tarkaan who won glory in war might try to overthrow him. He was called 'Rabadash the Peacemaker' to his face by his subjects. However, his people never forgot his transformation and embarrassment. So they called him 'Rabadash the Ridiculous' behind his back and after his death, with people perceived as being foolish being called 'a second Rabadash'. 

</doc>
<doc id="2923090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923090" title="Stromlo High School">
Stromlo High School

Stromlo High School is a high school located in Waramanga, Australian Capital Territory. Stromlo came into being after the merger of Weston creek high school & Holder high school in 1990. in Its postcode is 2611. Stromlo High School has over 700 students and is the only high school in Australian Capital Territory to provide education from grades 6 - 10. Both students and teachers abide by the school's four core values; pride, endeavour, learning and respect. Every morning students attend their TEAM classes before heading to their first lessons. TEAM is the Stromlo High equivalent of home room and stands for Together Everyone Achieves More. The school provides subjects in the areas of Mathematics, English, Arts (Includes Drama, Dance, Music and Visual Arts), Physical Education, Technology and IT (Includes Home Economics, Metalwork, Woodwork, Textiles and Information Technology, Food), Humanities (Includes History and Geography), Languages (From a choice of four; Japanese, Indonesian, Italian and French) and Science.
Buildings.
Stromlo's main building is three stories high. From above the main building looks similar to a square with the centre cut out. The middle of the main building is the inner courtyard and is mostly used by year 7 students at recess and lunch.The previous gym at Stromlo High has been converted into a hall for use by Drama students, and is still used for school assemblies. PE students are taught in the new Gym which was completed in December 2009. The school also has a Science Block, including a lecture theatre, and a tech block which is used for Visual Art, Home Economics, Woodwork and Metalwork classes. The four main buildings are all linked by covered walkways.
Facilities.
The school has a canteen, which is run by student volunteers and the school's P&C, and a cafe which is run by students, as part of their hospitality course. The latter only opens on Thursday at Lunch, but is available to be booked for classes on particular lessons, any day of the week. The main structure includes one boy's toilet block, and one girl's toilet block, located on either side of the canteen. It also has changing rooms, as the students are required to change for P.E. (The changing rooms are located beside the entrance in the gym).The hall has a soundbooth, curtain and lights for Assemblies and performances.
The school has plenty of computer facilities with both Apple and Windows computers, spread across all buildings, except the Gym. It has a Library, with its own computer facility and a wide selection of books, the school also provides workshops for some of the Technology classes, such as Metalwork and Woodwork.
The majority of class rooms are fitted with Smart Boards (Interactive Whiteboards).
Stromaz, the School Mascot.
Stromlo High School's mascot, a zebra named Stromaz, was a gift from the graduating Year 10 class of 2008. The animal was chosen to match the school colors, black and white. The students and teachers sometimes dress up in a zebra costume and rally support if a school event, for example an athletics or swimming carnival, or mini timetable evening is on. Since the creation of their mascot, the school has looked at adopting a zebra at the Canberra National Zoo & Aquarium, and naming it 'Stromaz' after their mascot.
Fundraising/Community Involvement.
The school has regular fundraisers for most charity events, these include, but are not limited to, a color code free day for Jeans for Genes day, the ability to buy daffodils to send to other people for Daffodil Day and a pet photo competition and cupcake sale for RSPCA week.
The school puts special effort into particular assemblies such as the ANZAC Day, Remembrance Day and Naidoc assemblies, and the Book Week assembly, which includes a costume competition.
During October 2010 the school hosted a fete to commemorate its 20th anniversary, with each TEAM running its own individual stall.
School Houses.
The school houses are named after nearby mountains and are represented by the students and teachers at school events such as the swimming carnival, athletics carnival, cross country, year challenges and various other competitions. The school houses and colours are as follows:
Oakey: Red, with a Redback Spider as the mascot.
Cooleman: Green, with a Crocodile as the mascot.
Reef: Blue, with a Shark as the mascot.
Taylor: Yellow, with a Tiger as the mascot.
Awards/Achievements.
In 2005, the school won Best film- Secondary Schools, out of all competitors in Australia as a part of the CSIRO's Science Film Festival Scenima. It was won by James Hunter with his Short Film, "The Hitch Hiker's Guide to Physics".
Controversy.
In 2007, Stromlo High School was the subject of criticism after its decision to allow a 16-year-old student permission to take cigarette breaks, after her doctor advised she is clinically addicted to nicotine but this was never proven.

</doc>
<doc id="2923098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923098" title="Toano, Virginia">
Toano, Virginia

Toano, formerly "Burnt Ordinary", is an unincorporated community in James City County, Virginia, United States.
History.
Toano was established in the late 19th century in western James City County at the former site of "Burnt Ordinary", which was named in the 18th century for a roadside tavern that had burned down. The word Toano comes from a Native American word meaning "high ground".
In 1881, the Peninsula Extension of the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway (C&O) was built through the area from Richmond to reach the coal piers on Hampton Roads at the new city of Newport News. The C&O built a railroad station at Toano.
Toano was located on the old Richmond-Williamsburg Stage Road, which is U.S. Route 60 in modern times. Interstate 64 was built through the area in the 1970s, and passes nearby. Exit 227, located at the intersection of State Route 30, is signed "Toano-West Point".
Toano is close to major Historic Triangle attractions such as Colonial Williamsburg, and the Busch Gardens Williamsburg and Water Country USA theme parks. Smaller attractions at Lakewood Trails and Go-Karts Plus are also located nearby.
Toano's history is recalled on a Virginia Historical Marker nearby, which reads:
A local landmark is a 7-foot waving tiger statue in front of the Exxon service station. In 1990, the oil company attempted to force the statue into retirement because the mascot no longer conformed to the company's specifications. The town rallied to save it, and the company allowed it to stay. A few businesses have adopted the tiger moniker, and the landmark inspired the tiger mascot for the Toano Middle School.

</doc>
<doc id="2923100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923100" title="Leontiasis ossea">
Leontiasis ossea

Leontiasis Ossea, also known as leontiasis or lion face, is a rare medical condition, characterized by an overgrowth of the facial and cranial bones. It is not a disease in itself, but a symptom of other diseases, including Paget's disease, fibrous dysplasia, hyperparathyroidism and renal osteodystrophy. 
The common form is that in which one or other maxilla is affected, its size progressively increasing, and thus encroaching on the cavities of the orbit, the mouth, the nose and its accessory sinuses. Exophthalmos gradually develops, going on later to a complete loss of sight due to compression of the optic nerve by the overgrowth of bone. There may also be interference with the nasal respiration and with the taking of food. In the somewhat less common form of this rare disease the overgrowth of bone affects all the cranial bones as well as those of the face, the senses being lost one by one and death finally resulting from cerebral pressure. There is no treatment other than exposing the overgrown bone, and chipping away pieces, or excising entirely where possible.

</doc>
<doc id="2923125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923125" title="Out All Night">
Out All Night

Out All Night is an American sitcom that aired on NBC from September 19, 1992 to July 9, 1993 for one season. The series stars Patti LaBelle, and was created by Andy Borowitz, Susan Borowitz, and Rob Edwards.
Synopsis.
LaBelle stars as former singer Chelsea Paige, who opens a Los Angeles urban nightclub aptly named "Club Chelsea". To manage the club, Chelsea hires a recent New York University graduate, Jeff (Morris Chestnut). Chelsea also rents Jeff and his irresponsible best friend Vidal (Duane Martin) an apartment in the building she owns. Rounding out the cast is Vivica A. Fox as Chelsea's stylist daughter Charisse, and Simon O'Brien as the group's Scottish neighbor.
The series is set in the same universe as "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air" (which was also created by Andy and Susan Borowitz). In the tenth episode, "The Great Pretender", Karyn Parsons guest stars as her "Fresh Prince" character Hillary Banks. "Out All Night" also featured several musical guests including After 7, Mary J. Blige, Bobby Brown, Boyz II Men, Natalie Cole, Johnny Gill, Jodeci, Gladys Knight, Eddie and Gerald Levert, Marky Mark and the Funky Bunch, MC Hammer, TLC, Luther Vandross, and Dionne Warwick.

</doc>
<doc id="2923126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923126" title="Torchwood">
Torchwood

Torchwood is a British science fiction television programme created by Russell T Davies. A spin-off from the 2005 revival of long-running science fiction programme "Doctor Who", "Torchwood" aired four series between 2006 and 2011. The show has shifted its broadcast channel each series to reflect its growing audience, moving from BBC Three to BBC Two to BBC One, and acquiring US financing in its fourth series when it became a co-production of BBC One and Starz. In contrast to "Doctor Who", whose target audience includes both adults and children, "Torchwood" is aimed at an older audience. Over its run, the show explored a number of themes, prominent among these were existentialism, gay and bisexual relationships, and explorations of human corruptibility.
"Torchwood" follows the exploits of a small team of alien hunters, who make up the Cardiff branch of the fictional Torchwood Institute, which deals mainly with incidents involving extraterrestrials. Its central character is Captain Jack Harkness (John Barrowman), an immortal former con-man from the distant future; Jack originally appeared in the 2005 series of "Doctor Who". Other than Barrowman, the initial main cast of the series consisted of Eve Myles, Burn Gorman, Naoko Mori, and Gareth David-Lloyd. Their characters are specialists for the Torchwood team, often tracking down aliens and defending the planet from alien and nefarious human threats. In its first two series, the show uses a time rift in Cardiff as its primary plot generator, accounting for the unusual preponderance of alien beings in Cardiff. In the third and fourth series, Torchwood operate as fugitives. Gorman and Mori's characters were written out of the story at the end of the second series. Recurring actor Kai Owen was promoted to the main cast in series three, in which David-Lloyd too was written out. Subsequently, American actors Mekhi Phifer, Alexa Havins, and Bill Pullman joined the cast of the show for its fourth series; the latter two were written out at the end of its run.
The first series premiered on BBC Three and on BBC HD in 2006 to mixed reviews, but viewing figures which broke records for the digital channel. It returned in 2008 where it aired first on BBC Two, receiving a higher budget; its uneven tone, a criticism of the first series, was largely smoothed out, and the show attracted higher ratings and better reviews. The third series episodes worked on a higher budget and transferred to the network's flagship channel, BBC One, as a five episode serial, entitled '. Although "Children of Earth" was broadcast over a period of five consecutive summer weeknights, the show received high ratings in the United Kingdom and overseas. A fourth series, co-produced by BBC Wales, BBC Worldwide, and US premium entertainment network Starz aired in 2011 under the title '. Set both in Wales and the United States, "Miracle Day" fared less well with critics than the previous series, though was applauded by some for its ambition. In October 2012, Davies announced that for personal reasons the show would enter indefinite hiatus.
To date all four series have been aired overseas in Asia, Australia, New Zealand, Europe and North America. Owing to the early popularity of "Torchwood" various tie-in media were produced, including audio dramas, and novels and comic strips. From its inception, the BBC invested in a heavy online presence for the series, with an alternate reality game running alongside the show's first two series, and an animated web series running alongside its fourth.
Production.
Early development.
Before the revival of "Doctor Who", Russell T Davies began to develop an idea for a science-fiction/crime drama in the style of American dramas like "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" and "Angel". This idea, originally titled "Excalibur", was abandoned until 2005, when BBC Three Controller Stuart Murphy invited Davies to develop an after-watershed science-fiction series for the channel. During the production of the 2005 series of "Doctor Who", the word "Torchwood" (an anagram of "Doctor Who") had been used as a title ruse for the series while filming its first few episodes to ensure they were not intercepted. Davies connected the word "Torchwood" to his earlier "Excalibur" idea and decided to make the series a "Doctor Who" spin-off. Subsequently, the word "Torchwood" was seeded in "Doctor Who" episodes and other media that aired in 2005 and 2006.
Because "Torchwood" is shown after the watershed – that is, after 9 pm – it has more mature content than "Doctor Who". Davies told "SFX": "We can be a bit more visceral, more violent, and more sexual, if we want to. Though bear in mind that it's very teenage to indulge yourself in blood and gore, and "Torchwood" is going to be smarter than that. But it's the essential difference between BBC One at 7 pm, and BBC Three at, say, 9 pm. That says it all – instinctively, every viewer can see the huge difference there."
According to Barrowman: "I don't do any nude scenes in series one; they're saving that for the next series! I don't have a problem with getting my kit off, as long as they pay me the right money."
Davies also joked to a BBC Radio Wales interviewer that he was "not allowed" to refer to the programme as ""Doctor Who" for grown-ups". The first series includes content rarely seen or heard in the "Doctor Who" franchise, including sex scenes, same-sex kissing, and use of extreme profanity in several episodes.
Although Torchwood was originally intended to be Sci-Fi aimed at adults, the character Captain Jack Harkness who had previously been introduced in Doctor Who proved popular with young audiences. Russell T Davies decided to edit second series "child-friendly" removing kissing, sex, and swearing. These edits to the shows enabled it to be broadcast at 7 pm (pre-watershed).
The first three series of "Torchwood" were produced in-house by BBC Wales. The Head of Drama at the time of the first series, Julie Gardner, served as executive producer alongside Davies. The first two episodes of Series 1 of "Torchwood" premiered on 22 October 2006 on BBC Three and BBC HD. Series 2 premiered on BBC Two and BBC HD on 16 January 2008. The third series, a five-part mini-series entitled "", aired on BBC One and BBC HD between 6 and 10 July 2009.
Later development.
BBC Three described "Torchwood" as the centrepiece of its autumn 2006 schedule, and the successful first season led to a second series on BBC Two and a third on BBC One in 2009. However, Davies expressed concern that the third series was aired in a summer evening graveyard slot. Lead actor John Barrowman felt that the show had been mistreated by BBC executives, despite what he felt was the programme's proven popularity and success. The third series, entitled "Children of Earth", began shooting on 18 August 2008, and comprised a five-episode mini-series that aired over five consecutive days at 9 pm on BBC One from 6 July 2009, and 9 pm on BBC America HD and BBC America from 20 July 2009. Russell T Davies and Julie Gardner stayed on as executive producers, and Peter Bennett produced the series.
In August 2009, Davies stated that the fourth series was "ready to go", and that he had the next series planned out, stating, "I know exactly how to pick it up. I've got a shape in mind, and I've got stories. I know where you'd find Gwen and Rhys, and their baby, and Jack, and I know how you'd go forward with a new form of Torchwood." At the time, he stated he would prefer for the series four to be another mini-series, though he has no qualms about doing another thirteen-episode run. A November 2009 article posted on Eve Myles's website stated that shooting for the fourth series was to begin in January 2011;
Subsequently, Davies looked to US networks to finance future series of the programme. He was turned down by one of the United States' major television networks, Fox; some had speculated the Fox project could have been a spin-off or a reboot. Later, Davies succeeded in striking a deal with US premium cable network Starz. The production of the fourth series was not officially announced until June 2010: a ten-episode miniseries co-produced between BBC Wales, Starz and BBC Worldwide, airing summer 2011.
As with the third, the fourth series was given its own title: "". and shortly after the broadcast of Miracle Day (March 2012) the Chief executive officer of Starz Chris Albrecht announced that he remains in touch with the BBC regarding a further series of Torchwood, although it would depend on Russell T. Davies being free from his other commitments.
Writing.
In the first series, the main writer alongside Davies was Chris Chibnall, creator of the BBC light drama show "Born and Bred". Other writers include P.J. Hammond, Toby Whithouse, "Doctor Who" script editor Helen Raynor, Cath Tregenna, and "Doctor Who" cast member Noel Clarke, who gained acclaim for his screenplay for the film "Kidulthood". Of the first two series, Russell T Davies wrote only the première episode. Helen Raynor and Brian Minchin were the programme's script editors.
Series one of "Torchwood" was filmed from May 2006 until November 2006. For the second series, lead writer Chris Chibnall wrote the opening episode and the three final episodes. Both Catherine Tregenna and Helen Raynor wrote two episodes for the second series. The other episodes were written by James Moran, Matt Jones, J. C. Wilsher, Joseph Lidster, PJ Hammond and Phil Ford. Russell T Davies was initially announced as writing two episodes, but due to commitments to "Doctor Who," he no longer anticipated writing any "Torchwood" episodes. For series three, Davies returned and wrote the first and last episodes, co-wrote episode three with James Moran, and plotted the overall story arc himself. John Fay wrote episodes two and four.
For the fourth series, "Miracle Day", Davies secured several popular US television writers, including "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" writer Jane Espenson, "The X-Files", "" and "Supernatural" writer John Shiban, and "House" writer Doris Egan. Additionally, both Davies and John Fay returned to write episodes. In continuing the series Davies chose to keep "Torchwood" more focused on the human condition than its science fiction backdrop. He drew inspiration from "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" noting that "the best metaphors in Buffy came down to, "What's it like to be in high school, as a kid?" He felt the fourth series of "Torchwood" to be "about us and our decisions and our lives, and how we live with each other and how we die with each other." The depiction of human nature in the fourth series lead to a sequence which many felt to be evocative of the Holocaust. Jane Espenson noted that as a series Torchwood "is willing to go to horrible places". She stated that in storylining "Miracle Day", the writers "didn't want to flinch away from what mankind can do."
Directing.
Block One of series two, consisting of episodes by Raynor and Tregenna, was directed by Andy Goddard. Colin Teague directed Block Two, which consists of episode two by Moran and episode four by Tregenna, with Ashley Way directing Block Three, consisting of the series two premiere by Chibnall and the sixth episode of the series, by JC Wilsher. Euros Lyn directed all five episodes of the third series, "Children of Earth".
In June 2010, a BBC News report confirmed that the fourth series would have 10 episodes. Filming began in January 2011 and unlike the previous series, this series directors did not direct in blocks but in specific episodes. The series four directors included Bharat Nalluri, Billy Gierhart, Guy Ferland and Horder-Payton.
Crew.
Richard Stokes produced Series 1 & 2 of Torchwood; Originally, James Hawes (Doctor Who director) was lined up as the producer but he later withdrew from this project. Series 3 was produced by Peter Bennett. Series 4 is produced by Kelly A Manners, with UK filming produced by Brian Minchin, producer of Series 4 and 5 of The Sarah Jane Adventures. The series also shares "Doctor Who"'s production designer, Edward Thomas. Music for the series is composed by Ben Foster and "Doctor Who"'s composer Murray Gold, with composer Stu Kennedy assisting on Series 4.
Opening sequence.
In lieu of full-length title sequence, the opening sequence of the show's first two series are composed of a voice-over monologue by Barrowman as Harkness, establishing the show's premise. The show's theme tune plays over this monologue and the additional intertitle. As in "Doctor Who" (2005–present), it is written by Murray Gold.
The opening sequence was re-done specifically for series 2, episode 5 "Adam", adding the titular character to the existing scenes. This reflected the in-universe story of Adam psychically inserting himself into the team members' memories as a long-standing member of the team.
For "", a recap of the last episode was played at the beginning of each episode, followed by a title card. The theme was not featured in this, instead only featuring over the end credits.
A new theme arrangement and opening credit sequence is introduced with Series 4 (though a musical motif or sting from the original theme is still audible in numerous scenes). Although each episode of "Miracle Day" carries an individual title, "Torchwood: Miracle Day" is the only on-screen title used.
Overview.
The series is set in Cardiff and follows the Welsh branch of a covert agency called the Torchwood Institute which investigates extraterrestrial incidents on Earth and scavenges alien technology for its own use, its origins outlined in the "Doctor Who" episode "Tooth and Claw". As the opening monologue explains, the organisation is separate from the government, outside the police, and beyond the United Nations. Their public perception is as merely a 'special ops' group. The events of the first series take place some time after the "Doctor Who" series two finale, in which Torchwood's London headquarters was destroyed. This format was maintained for the first two series.
Series three, a miniseries, saw the Cardiff headquarters destroyed and the team temporarily operating as fugitives in England's capital city of London, its membership wiped and the organisation thoroughly broken over the course of the serial. Series four, another miniseries, starts with Torchwood fully disbanded. Jack has left Earth after the events of series three, and Gwen has retired to be with her family. The group is then unofficially reformed, this time operating primarily in the United States, joined by two fugitive ex-CIA agents who have been framed for treason.
Main cast.
Unlike its parent programme, "Torchwood" centres on a team instead of a single character with companions. The show initially depicts a small team of alien-hunters known as Torchwood Three, based in Cardiff. The team is made up of five operatives led by Captain Jack Harkness (John Barrowman), formerly a time-travelling "Time Agent" and con man from the distant future who has lived on Earth as an immortal since the 19th century. Gwen Cooper (Eve Myles), the female lead, joins the team in the first episode; she is originally an audience surrogate, but later grows into a more morally complicated character. The original cast is filled out by Torchwood medical officer Owen Harper (Burn Gorman), computer specialist Toshiko Sato (Naoko Mori), and general "factotum"-cum-administrator Ianto Jones (Gareth David-Lloyd). Toshiko and Owen are killed off in the second series finale, as is Ianto in the show's third series. Recurring characters are Rhys Williams (Kai Owen), Gwen's live-in boyfriend and later husband; and Andy Davidson (Tom Price), Gwen's former police partner and occasional comic relief. Kai Owen becomes a main cast member in the programme beginning with the third series; his character is initially unaware of Gwen's activities with Torchwood, but later becomes her close confidante and the team's ally. Price appears in all four series.
Prior to the programme's debut, publicity materials featured Indira Varma as Suzie Costello among the regular cast members, giving the impression that she would appear throughout the series. However, Suzie was killed off at the end of the first episode with Gwen taking her place on the team, Suzie reappearing only once more as an antagonist. In the first two series, Paul Kasey regularly appears under heavy prosthetics, portraying, as in "Doctor Who", a number of aliens on the series, such as humanoid Weevils and Blowfishes. Other recurring characters include "Doctor Who"s Martha Jones (Freema Agyeman)—like Jack, a former time-traveller, and now medical officer for the militaristic alien-investigating organisation UNIT—who crosses over into "Torchwood" for three episodes in series two. Additionally, James Marsters portrays Captain John Hart, Jack's villainous former lover and Time Agent partner. Others in the second series, recurring in a minor capacity, include a mysteriously age-immune little girl (Skye Bennett) and Victorian-era Torchwood member Alice Guppy (Amy Manson). The second series also introduces Gwen's parents, Geraint (William Thomas) and Mary Cooper (Sharon Morgan), who later reappear in the show's fourth series.
"" featured a largely new supporting cast for the duration of the five-episode serial, such as Permanent Secretary John Frobisher (Peter Capaldi), Clem McDonald (Paul Copley), Frobisher's personal assistant Bridget Spears (Susan Brown), Prime Minister Brian Green (Nicholas Farrell), ruthless operative Agent Johnson (Liz May Brice), Jack's middle-aged daughter Alice (Lucy Cohu), her son Steven (Bear McCausland) and Ianto's sister Rhiannon (Katy Wix). Cush Jumbo was cast as Frobisher's personal assistant Lois Habiba; Habiba was written into the story after Agyeman was unavailable to return to portray Martha.
The fourth series, "Miracle Day", features an expanded cast of eight. Barrowman, Myles and Owen all return to the series. New to the Torchwood team are CIA agents Rex Matheson (Mekhi Phifer), and Esther Drummond (Alexa Havins), and surgeon Vera Juarez (Arlene Tur). American film star Bill Pullman joins as Oswald Danes, a highly intelligent child murderer, and Lauren Ambrose plays Jilly Kitzinger, a ruthless PR woman who takes on Danes as a client. Tur's character is killed off in the fifth episode, whilst Pullman and Havins last until episode ten. Recurring characters include CIA directors Brian Friedkin (Wayne Knight) and Allen Shapiro (John de Lancie), San Pedro camp manager Colin Maloney (Marc Vann), Esther's sister Sarah Drummond (Candace Brown), and CIA watch analysts Charlotte Willis (Marina Benedict) and Noah Vickers (Paul James). Nana Visitor plays Olivia Colasanto, who directs the team toward their real enemies; Frances Fisher and Teddy Sears portray recurring villains.
Episodes.
The premiere episode "Everything Changes" was written by Russell T Davies and introduces the main characters and roles within the series, using newcomer Gwen as the audience surrogate in a similar style to the introduction of the companion characters in "Doctor Who". The second episode, titled "Day One", aired immediately after the first. It continues Gwen's neophyte role and includes a "sex monster" science fiction storyline. The first 13-episode series ended with a two-parter on 1 January 2007. The first part, entitled "Captain Jack Harkness", is a love story set in wartime Britain, with a subplot which pushes the setting toward an apocalypse for the finale "End of Days". It deals with the ramifications of diseases and persons from throughout history falling through time and across the universe to arrive in the present day, and particularly in Cardiff. The episode also sets up Jack's return in the "Doctor Who" episode "Utopia".
2008's second 13-episode series of "Torchwood" begins with Jack's return from the previous "Doctor Who" episode, "Last of the Time Lords" with the series premiere, "Kiss Kiss, Bang Bang". The series introduces Jack's ex-partner Captain John Hart in its premiere, reveals flashbacks to Jack's childhood in "Adam" and shows how each member joined Torchwood in the penultimate episode "Fragments". A three-episode arc ("Reset", "Dead Man Walking" and "A Day in the Death") in the middle of the series guest stars "Doctor Who" actress Freema Agyeman as Martha Jones, temporarily drafted into Torchwood. The arc focuses on the death and partial resurrection of main character Owen Harper, and how he copes as a dead man. The second series finale, "Exit Wounds", features the departures of main characters Owen and Tosh, whose deaths at the hands of Jack's long-lost brother Gray reduced the cast to Barrowman, Myles and David-Lloyd in its closing scenes. The Torchwood Three team made a crossover appearance in the series four finale of "Doctor Who", "The Stolen Earth"/"Journey's End", which featured Jack Harkness leaving the Doctor at the close of the story, accompanied by Martha Jones and Mickey Smith (Noel Clarke).
Series three is only five episodes long, and was broadcast over consecutive nights as a single story, "" (2009). The series focuses on the consequences of appeasement policy; having been given 12 children as a tribute in 1965, aliens called the 4-5-6 arrive in the present demanding a greater share of the Earth's population. For the first time in the series, the majority of the action takes place outside of Wales; Torchwood's base of operations is destroyed in the premiere and the remainder of the Torchwood team have relocated to London. Kai Owen is promoted to a regular cast member, while a new cast of political figures are introduced alongside family members of main characters Jack and Ianto. Nicholas Farrell plays Prime Minister Brian Green whose intent is to give in rather than fight the 4–5–6, leaving Torchwood to stand against the government and the aliens. David-Lloyd departs the cast when Ianto is killed by the aliens in episode four, leaving Jack distraught. In the series closing scenes, with Gwen pregnant and Jack abandoning Earth, Torchwood effectively disbands.
Series four, "" (2011), comprising ten episodes, sees Torchwood having been reduced to the status of legend following "Children of Earth". The narrative follows two CIA agents (Mekhi Phifer and Alexa Havins) who discover Torchwood on the same day death ceases to occur, due to an event known as Miracle Day. The agents join Gwen and Jack as they seek to restore death to the world. While primarily a conspiracy thriller, the series also examines the depths humanity can sink to under pressure. Actress Arlene Tur portrays a surgeon who challenges the failing medical system and shifting government legislation. The characters of Oswald Danes (Bill Pullman) and Jilly Kitzinger (Lauren Ambrose) are used to highlight the precariousness of fame and the amorality of the media. The late-2000s global recession is implicated as another element of the Miracle Day conspiracy. Though largely set in the USA, Wales remains a key setting. The origins of the Miracle Day conspiracy are revealed in a 1920s flashback in "Immortal Sins", as the worldwide scale of the story takes the protagonists to Shanghai and Buenos Aires in the finale "The Blood Line". In the epilogue, Gwen questions Jack whether he will stay to reform Torchwood; he does not provide an answer.
Setting.
The first two series of "Torchwood" were both filmed and set in Cardiff. The makers of "Torchwood" deliberately portray Cardiff as a modern urban centre, contrasting with past stereotypical portrayals of Wales. "There's not a male voice choir ... or a miner in sight." said BBC Wales Controller Menna Richards. Conservative MP Michael Gove described the debut of "Torchwood" as the moment confirming "Wales' move from overlooked celtic cousin to underwired erotic coquette." Filming has also taken place in areas outside of Cardiff, including Merthyr Tydfil.
The team's headquarters during the first two series, referred to as "the Hub", was beneath Roald Dahl Plass in Cardiff Bay – formerly known as the Oval Basin. This is where the TARDIS landed in the "Doctor Who" episodes "Boom Town" and "Utopia" to refuel, and is the location of the spacetime rift first seen in "The Unquiet Dead". The Hub itself was around three storeys high, with a large column running through the middle that was an extension of the fountain above; at its base lay the rift machine. The Hub had two means of access: a lift that rose to the plass next to the fountain (camouflaged by a perception filter), and a more mundane entrance hidden in a tourism office. Production crew were keen to use everything Wales had to offer in filming the series; for example, the military base scenes in "Sleeper" and the booby-trapped abandoned warehouse scenes in "Fragments" were filmed at RAF Caerwent, near Chepstow, south Wales.
The third series opened in the traditional setting, but in the first episode the Hub was destroyed; the show adapted to a conventional London setting, with many scenes filmed and set at real-life British intelligence agency headquarters Thames House. For the show's fourth series, the programme was largely filmed and set in the United States, but parts were filmed in Wales and other locations.
Themes.
Torchwood explores several themes in its narrative, in particular LGBT themes. Various characters are portrayed as sexually fluid; through those characters, the series examines homosexual and bisexual relationships. The programme also addresses issues around existentialism, the nature of human life and the absence of a traditional afterlife, and the corrupting nature of power.
Spin-offs.
Companion programme.
"Torchwood Declassified" is a "making-of" programme similar to "Doctor Who Confidential". Each "Declassified" episode runs under ten minutes, in contrast to "Confidential"'s 45 (formerly 30). "Torchwood Declassified" aired on BBC Three (series 1) and BBC Two (series 2), and was also available online through the BBC's iPlayer and dedicated "Torchwood" site. Installments were produced for each episode of the first two seasons, with a single instalment produced for the "Children of Earth" DVD release.
Companion magazine.
In 2007, Titan Magazines launched "Torchwood Magazine", which was released on 24 January 2008 in the United Kingdom. The United States version was launched in February 2008. The Australia/New Zealand version was launched in April 2008. The magazine emulated "Doctor Who Magazine" in combining behind-the-scenes features with original story content in the form of a serialised comic strip and short stories; as the magazine's run progressed, the original fiction became more predominant. The magazine was discontinued in early 2011, after two-dozen issues.
Titan published six issues of a monthly "Torchwood" comic book in 2009 for North American markets; the comic consisted of reprints of the magazine's comic strips and short stories, and was cancelled in the wake of the parent publication folding.
Following the cancellation of "Torchwood Magazine", "Doctor Who Magazine" and its US counterpart, Doctor Who Insider, ran articles on the series.
Electronic literature, webcasts, web series.
"Torchwood" has "a heavy online presence". At the Edinburgh International Television Festival, BBC Director of Television Jana Bennett originally promised that the series' online tie-ins were to include the ability to explore the Hub, an imaginary desktop, weekly 10-minute behind-the-scenes vodcasts."You can join the corporation of Torchwood and be one of its employees," said Bennett. The Adobe Flash-based interactive website, including the Hub Tour, debuted on 12 October 2006. Due to digital media rights restrictions most video content on the BBC Three websites is only accessible to users within the UK.
"Torchwood" many tie-in websites amount to an alternate reality game; the show's online presence was an example of electronic literature. On the first website (for series 1), the alternate reality game was mostly composed of weekly updates to the site in the form of fictional intercepted blogs, newspaper cutouts and confidential letters and IM conversations between members of the Torchwood Three crew. "Convergence: the International Journal of Research into New Media" commented on "Doctor Who" and "Torchwood" foray into "convergence culture" as an achievement "on an unprecedented scale, with the BBC currently using the series to trial a plethora of new technologies, including: mini-episodes on mobile phones, podcast commentaries, interactive red-button adventures, video blogs, companion programming, and 'fake' metatextual websites." For the second series in 2008, a second interactive "Torchwood" online game was devised, scripted by series writer Phil Ford; this more heavily featured the actors of the series, particularly Gareth David-Lloyd, and Siwan Morris was cast as a pirate radio jockey investigating "Torchwood".
During the fourth season of the revival of "Doctor Who", a crossover webcast production called "Captain Jack's Monster Files" was launched, featuring Barrowman, in character as Jack, hosting a series of shorts profiling various monsters and aliens featured on "Doctor Who". These segments, posted to the BBC's official "Doctor Who" website, included specially shot footage of Jack in the Hub. After Season 4, the segments were produced less frequently, with the last featuring Jack, released in December 2009, taking the form of Jack narrating a mini-episode featuring the Weeping Angels entitled "A Ghost Story for Christmas". Subsequent "Monster Files" webcasts released since 2010 have been hosted by "Doctor Who" co-star Alex Kingston as her character, River Song. As with most other online video content from the BBC, "Captain Jack's Monster Files" are not viewable outside the UK and to date (2011) have never been included on a DVD or Blu-ray release of either "Doctor Who" or "Torchwood". "The Torchwood Archives" by Gary Russell collects much of this online literature for the first two series in hardback form, including the Captain's Blog section of the BBC America "Torchwood" website.
To promote its rebroadcasts of "Torchwood", the UK digital channel Watch has twice commissioned the creative team of the "Torchwood Magazine" comic strip to produce brief online-exclusive comic strip stories for the Watch website. The first of these, "The Return of the Vostok", was uploaded in February 2009, with a follow-up, "Ma and Par", appearing in February 2010.
Tying in with the launch of "Torchwood: Miracle Day", Starz produced a 2011 "Torchwood" webseries entitled "", which starred American actress Eliza Dushku.
Radio plays.
Set between the end of Series Two and the beginning of Series Three, the BBC aired four Torchwood radio dramas featuring the cast of the series. As a tie in with Radio 4's CERN-themed day on 10 September 2008, a CERN-themed radio episode of Torchwood written by Joseph Lidster, entitled "Lost Souls", aired as the day's Afternoon Play. This was the first Torchwood drama not to feature Burn Gorman and Naoko Mori. Three further episodes were broadcast on 1–3 July 2009: "Asylum", "Golden Age" and "The Dead Line".
In May 2011, the BBC Radio Drama newsletter announced that a further three "Torchwood" radio plays had entered production. The new plays, titled "Torchwood: The Lost Files", Part 1: "The Devil and Miss Carew", Part 2: "Submission" & Part 3: "The House of the Dead" were broadcast on 11, 12 & 13 July 2011 in the Afternoon Play slot at 14.15 BST and were available to listen to in the iPlayer for one week after the broadcast. While "The Devil and Miss Carew" & "Submission" were set before "Children of Earth" with Gareth David-Lloyd reprising the role of Ianto, "The House of the Dead" on the other hand was set an unspecified time after "Children of Earth" and saw the return of Ianto this time as a ghost.
Novels and audiobooks.
Accompanying the main series of "Torchwood" are a series of novels. The books are published in paperback-sized hardcover format, the same format BBC Books uses for its New Series Adventures line for "Doctor Who". The first three novels were later released, abridged, as audiobooks, along with other audiobook that have not been novels. To date all of the core cast members from the first two series have narrated at least one abridged or audio-exclusive reading.
Original soundtrack.
On 22 September 2008, Silva Screen Records released a compilation of music featured in the show's first and second series. The disc features 32 tracks composed by Ben Foster and Murray Gold.
A second compilation disc was released on 17 July 2009, featuring 40 tracks from the show's third series, "Children of Earth".
Programme information.
Critical reception.
As a spin-off of long-running British cultural artefact "Doctor Who", "Torchwood"'s launch into British popular culture has received many positive and negative reviews, commentary and parody following the hype of its inception, especially regarding its status as an "adult" "Doctor Who" spin-off as well as its characterisation and portrayal of sex. Reviews for the first series were largely negative, with sites such as Behind the Sofa giving many more negative reviews than positive ones. Reviews of the second series were more positive. The third series, which took the form of a five-part story arc with the blanket title of "", received a number of positive reviews. Critics described it separately as a "powerful human drama"; "Best. Torchwood. Ever."; and "... against all expectations, a work of Proper Drama". Conversely, "The Daily Mirror" gave the mini-series a negative review, describing it as "the modern-day "Blake's Seven": ludicrous plot, hammy acting, an adolescent penchant for 'Issues'". Metacritic, an American review aggregator website, gives "Torchwood" series one a rating of 74 out of 100, indicating "generally favourable reviews". The show's second series rates above the first, scoring an aggregated 80 out of 100. The third series rated higher, at 81, indicating "universal acclaim". Its highest scores were a 100 from "TV Guide" and a 91 from "TIME"; the lowest was a 60 from "The New York Times".
A plot point in "Children of Earth" triggered protests from fans of the show, among them the "Save Ianto Jones" campaign, which collected more than £10,000 for the British Children in Need annual charity event. Other fans resorted to abuse and threats, causing writer James Moran to fire off an angry missive in a blog post. Showrunner Russell T Davies made no apologies for the decision to kill off the character, saying, "I'm just delighted that the fans are so wrapped in the character to have that reaction." The plot point attracted more controversy from some commentators, additionally, because it depicted the death of a main character involved in a same-sex relationship. This led several writers to analyse the death in view of the character's earlier refusal to admit to his relationship with a man, and claimed that the death was a sign that the LGBT community was leaving behind its image of victimhood.
Positive and negative attention has been given to the portrayal of same-sex relationships in "Torchwood". Maria Boyd of the University of Texas at Austin published her paper at a conference, "Gay Sex and Aliens! How the Press frames Russell T Davies' "Torchwood"." She argues through "a discourse analysis of 109 reviews of the Season 1 and Season 2 premiere episodes" how "TV critics are more concerned with the depictions of bisexuality among the principal characters on "Torchwood"." Furthermore, she argues that the show's reviews "highlight the same-sex interactions depicted on the show utilising sensationalist, assimilationist, or condemnatory language" and that the "hegemonic, heterosexist language used by TV critics covering "Torchwood" has framed the program in such a way that it limits audience's ability to make meaning of the text themselves."
In other works.
Although fewer in number than "Doctor Who" spoofs, there have been a number of parodies of "Torchwood" in various media. Verity Stob, a technology columnist for online newspaper "The Register", wrote a parody of "Torchwood" called "Under Torch Wood". The piece is in the style of "Under Milk Wood", a Dylan Thomas radio play. The piece comments on the level of swearing present in "Torchwood" and the role of Rhys Williams, whom the piece describes as "Barry Backstory". In its third series, the "Doctor Who" parody "Nebulous" also began to parody "Torchwood", with references to "baby dinosaurs falling through a hole in time" and "the sheer amount of paranormal activity in the Cardiff area alone ... starting to threaten the Earth's plausibility shield".
Satirical impressionist television series "Dead Ringers" also parodied "Torchwood", with Jon Culshaw playing Captain Jack and Jan Ravens as Gwen Cooper. The sketches parodied the level of sex in "Torchwood", claiming "we never deal with an alien unless at least one the team has shagged it", and describing the lack of motivations of the characters. It also parodies the bisexuality of the characters and the melodramatic personality of Jack, who in the sketch walks extremely dramatically, swinging his coat about himself. Barrowman is described as a "pound shop Tom Cruise", and reference is made to the perceived low-budget of the show, with Owen describing the "Torchwood" equipment as "an Apple Mac with stickers on the case". Later spoofs in the final episode of the 2007 series of "Dead Ringers" featured Jack Harkness in a threesome with two "Attack of the Cybermen"-era Cybermen, and an elderly version called "Driftwood", which claims to be "separate from the Post Office, beyond the bingo hall and outside the Oxfam", a parody of "Torchwood's" opening narration. It also featured Albert Steptoe of "Steptoe and Son" as the leader of the team, claiming "a terrible event in my past means that I can't die. It's called UK Gold", and parodied its use of amnesia pills (unnecessary for this team due to the onset of senile amnesia).
Ratings.
The first episodes of Torchwood on BBC Three gave the channel its highest-ever ratings and the highest ratings of any digital-only non-sports channel at the time with 2.519 million viewers (though this has since been surpassed by "Bionic Woman" on ITV2, which gained 2.553 million in March 2008). The audience share was 12.7%, increasing to 13.8% for the second episode (shown immediately after the first episode on the same day), despite viewership dropping to 2.498 million.
Ratings for later episodes dropped to around 1.1 to 1.2 million viewers during the first showing on BBC Three (the lowest being 0.8 million for week ending 24 December 2006), but nevertheless, the show remained the most-viewed programme on BBC Three by a wide margin. Viewing figures for the repeat screenings on BBC Two later the same week were around 2.2 to 2.3 million (dropping to under 1.1 and 1.8 respectively for the weeks ending 03/12/06 and 10/12/06).
For its second series, which began in January 2008, Torchwood was moved to the more established channel BBC Two. Again, initial ratings were respectable, and the first episode garnered 4.22 million viewers. However, the series again began to decline and had lost a million viewers by its fourth episode. It dropped to a low of 2.52 million viewers towards the end of its run, even after the BBC had moved it from its usual Wednesday-night slot (where it was being consistently beaten by ITV's programming and Channel 4's number-one series, "Grand Designs") to Friday nights. The second series had an overall average rating of 3.26 million viewers on BBC Two.
Torchwood's five part third season, entitled "", premiered on BBC One in July 2009, with an estimated 5.9 million viewers, according to overnight figures. Ratings for the second episode dropped to 5.58m, but rose to a high of 6.24m for the fourth episode. According to the overnight figures, the mini-series garnered an average rating of 5.88 million viewers. According to official figures, published by Broadcasters' Audience Research Board (BARB), all five episodes of the mini-series garnered more than 6 million viewers, with the fourth episode gaining the largest audience.
The first episode of series four, "", attracted a consolidated audience of 6.59 million, which was slightly higher than the figure for the opening episode of the previous series, as well as an AI rating of 85 out of 100, considered "excellent". However, viewing figures steadily declined as the season continued, dropping to a low of 4.48 for the seventh episode, though figures picked up slightly with 4.85 million viewers for the final episode.
Awards.
In April 2007, "Torchwood" beat its parent series, which is also made in Wales, to win the Best Drama Series category at the BAFTA Cymru Awards. The awards, given by the Welsh branch of the British Academy of Film and Television Arts, celebrate the achievements of film and television productions made in Wales. Eve Myles won the Best Actress category at the same awards, ahead of "Doctor Who"'s Billie Piper. In 2008, the episode "Captain Jack Harkness" was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation, Short Form.
The 2009 Television Serial "", which served as Torchwood's third series, won a further BAFTA Cymru award for best Drama Series as well as a Saturn Award for Best Television Presentation during the 36th Saturn Awards and a 2010 Celtic Media Festival Award for best drama series.
Myles picked up a further BAFTA Cymru Best Actress nomination, as well as winning the popular vote for the Best Actress award in the 2010 SFX Reader's awards poll, and the 11th annual Airlock Alpha Portal Awards.
"Miracle Day" received four shortlist nominations for the 38th annual Saturn Awards which are held in June 2012. The series itself has been nominated as Best Presentation on Television, whilst Eve Myles, Bill Pullman and Lauren Ambrose have received nominations for Best Actress in Television, Best Supporting Actor in Television and Best Supporting Actress in Television respectively.
Home media releases.
The complete first series has been released on Region 2 DVD in the UK. A North American Region 1 release occurred 22 January 2008, following the broadcast of Series 1 on BBC America in the United States and the CBC in Canada. Series One Part One, Two and Three have been released in Australia Region 4, The complete series 1 sets released in the UK and US also include the episodes of the behind-the-scenes series "Torchwood Declassified". The Complete Second Series was released on 30 June 2008 (Region 2), along with the Complete First series on Blu-ray and HD DVD. Series One, Two, Three and Four episodes are currently available for download through iTunes, Amazon, and Netflix.
International broadcasts and syndication.
Asia.
In Malaysia the first two series were last transmitted on BBC Entertainment (Chn731) on the Astro Network on 29 November 2009. Japan also airs "Torchwood" on Super! drama TV.
In Israel, the first 3 series aired on yes Stars Action
Australia.
In Australia, after the ABC
and SBS passed on the series, Network Ten acquired the rights to air it.
After its première on 18 June 2007, a reviewer for "The Sydney Morning Herald"'s "The Guide" said, "The appeal of "Torchwood" is not so much that it's gloriously implausible sci-fi pulp, but that it knows it's gloriously implausible, sci-fi pulp." Ten's press release cites rival programming in their decision to move the show to a Wednesday 12 am timeslot halfway through the series. "Torchwood" now airs on UKTV in Australia. Series one was played on Imparja, but as of 3 February 2008 the station is no longer affiliated with Ten and will not screen more. Series 2 of "Torchwood" aired on Ten HD from 1 September 2008. On 19 June 2009, ABC2 began broadcasting series one, two and three on Fridays at 8:30 pm. When Series 2 started broadcasting on 18 September 2009, ABC2 started broadcasting "Torchwood Declassified" after each episode. ABC2 began airing "Children of Earth" on 8 January 2010 weekly and it was earlier fasttracked by UKTV. Miracle Day was fast tracked by UKTV for July 2011 following the global premiere on Starz.
New Zealand.
In New Zealand on Wednesday, 9 July 2008, starting with series 1 and running straight through to the fourth episode ("Meat") in the second series. Series 2 continued airing on 11 February 2009 and season 3 premiered on 10 February 2010. Repeat screenings of the first two series began on 16 March 2010 after the conclusion of during the previous week, and now plays re runs on UKTV in New Zealand. On 13 August 2010, Children of Earth began repeated transmission after the conclusion of the second series on 6 August 2010. The first series began screening on TV2
Europe.
In France, the first series began airing on 12 October 2007 on NRJ 12, and since 13 January 2009 on SciFi. The second series began on 5 September 2008 on NRJ 12 and the third series began on 17 November 2009 also on NRJ 12. In Germany, RTL 2 broadcast series 1 to 4. The first series started airing on 28 June 2010 on Icelandic network Stöð 2. In Italy, the first series started airing on 3 September 2007 on Jimmy, in 2011–12, Rai4 started to broadcast the whole show around 07.00 pm, starting with season 1, and then broadcasting Season 4 on primetime.
Portuguese network SIC Radical started transmitting the first series in January 2009. Subsequently the compete series wa picked up by AXN Black and the Portuguese Syfy channel. The first series premiered on 24 June 2007 and the second series 6 July 2007 on Swedish network TV4+. Serbia aired the first and second series on the network RTS from 19 August 2009, RTS began showing the third series from 25 March 2010. Bulgaria aired first, second and third series on the AXN Sci-fi channel. In Poland, BBC Entertainment broadcast series one; premiere: 16 September 2008, two, three and four (premiere: 28 October 2012) in censored version.
North America.
The Canadian Broadcasting Corporation helped to finance the series, as they had the revived production of "Doctor Who" in 2005. On 2 April 2007, BBC America had acquired the rights to broadcast the series in the United States. The series started on 8 September 2007; the initial broadcast of the series was tied into a "radical makeover" of the channel that was to occur later in 2007. The second series started on BBC America 26 January 2008, and the third on 20 July 2009. "Torchwood" has become one of the higher rated programmes for BBC America with its first series première in September 2007 attracting an audience of almost half a million viewers. HDNet acquired the US high definition rights for the first 26 episodes (Series 1 and 2) and began airing Series 1 episodes on Monday evenings, starting 17 September 2007. On Monday 11 February 2008 HDNet began showing Series 2 episodes.
The Canadian network CBC was a co-producer of series one, and premiered in October 2007. The show airs for French-speaking Canadian audiences on Ztélé.
Series two began airing on Space on 8 August 2008 and series three was aired on Space over five consecutive nights in 20–24 July 2009. "Miracle Day" premiered on 9 July 2011 on Space. on 2 January 2012 Space aired a Torchwood marathon of Children of earth and Miracle Day.
"Miracle Day" was repeated on Starz in Black in a marathon format on Labour Day Weekend 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="2923131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923131" title="History of the Ecuadorian–Peruvian territorial dispute">
History of the Ecuadorian–Peruvian territorial dispute

The territorial dispute between Ecuador and Peru was the source of the longest-running international armed conflict in the Western Hemisphere. This dispute was a consequence of the imprecise geographical definitions used in colonial times to define the limits of the Royal Audiences; after Peru and neighboring Gran Colombia proclaimed independence from the Spanish crown in 1821 and 1819, respectively, this dispute led to the war of 1828. In the aftermath, the belligerent parties agree to proclaim their limits in the basis of the principle "uti possidetis juris" and the border became the one that existed between the Spanish viceroyalties of Peru and New Granada.
When the Republic of Ecuador proclaimed its secession from Gran Colombia in 1830 its government negotiated a swap of territories in the Amazon basin for debt with the British creditors, and the dispute over the territories re-ignited in 1857. Peru implemented a maritime blockade of the port of Guayaquil demanding a revocation of the deal, as well as an acknowledgment of Peruvian sovereignty over the disputed territories. These demands went unheeded and with Ecuador in a state of civil war, the government of Guillermo Franco in the province of Guayaquil, claiming to represent the entire country, agreed to Peru's demands and signed the Treaty of Mapasingue of 1860. Gabriel García Moreno's provisional government won the civil war later that year, and voided this treaty, with the new Peruvian government following suit several years later.
The dispute continued through the late 19th century and beginning of the 20th century. Numerous attempts were made to define the borders, but both governments could not come to an agreement acceptable to their constituencies. A war between Colombia and Peru occurred during 1932 and 1933 in the Eastern region of the Amazon territories and resulted in the official designation of the Putumayo River as a border between Colombia and Peru; but sectors of the society considered this detrimental to the Ecuadorian cause, with Colombia now recognizing Peru's rights to the territory that Ecuador claimed as its own. An agreement recognizing territories in "de facto" possession by each country was signed in 1936, but minor military skirmishes began to occur in 1938. Tensions escalated, and war broke out in July 1941, and officially came to an end with the signing of the Rio de Janeiro Protocol on January 29, 1942. The treaty was intended to finally bring the long-running territorial dispute to an end, but in 1960 the then president of Ecuador Dr. José Mª Velasco Ibarra proposed to the Congress a thesis of nullity based in the fact that the 1942 protocol was forced unto the Ecuadorian government under duress.
A brief military clash took place in early 1981, when the Peruvian Army forcefully took control of three Ecuadorian military outposts on the eastern slopes of the Cordillera del Cóndor mountain range. An agreement in 1992 between the presidents of the two countries promised to seek peaceful resolution to the conflict. However, in December 1994, the Ecuadorian army was seen to be mobilizing in the vicinity of the Cordillera del Cóndor. On January 26, 1995, war broke out over control of several outposts located on the headwaters of the Cenepa River, within a 78-kilometer strip of territory that both countries claimed as their own. In this case, the result was favorable for Peru who succeeded to take all the Ecuadorian outposts set in Peruvian territory, althougn Ecuador could cause some casualties. The fighting came to an end after just over one month, with the signing of the Montevideo Declaration on February 28, and the later signing of the Itamaraty Peace Declaration under the supervision of the guarantors of the Rio Protocol of 1942: Argentina, Brazil, Chile, and the U.S.
Tensions subsided but persisted over the next three years. On October 26, 1998, Ecuador and Peru signed a comprehensive peace accord that established a framework for ending a border dispute. Formal demarcation of border regions started on May 13, 1999. The agreement was ratified without opposition by the congresses of both nations, finally bringing an end to the dispute, almost two centuries after the South American nations (or their predecessors) claimed their independence from the Spanish Crown.
Colonial period.
Spanish conquest and establishment of the Viceroyalty of Peru.
Beginning with the arrival of Christopher Columbus in 1492, the Spanish conquistadores expanded the range of the Spanish Crown's reach from early small settlements in the Caribbean to various continental territories, eventually including Central America and most of South America.
The Spaniards arrived at the borders of the Inca Empire in 1528, and on November 16, 1532, taking advantage of the Inca Civil War, the tiny army of Francisco Pizarro began the Spanish conquest of Peru. In the following decades, Spain consolidated its power over the entire Andean region, repressing successive indigenous rebellions.
To govern the new territories of Spain, in 1542 Holy Roman Emperor Charles V (King Charles I of Spain) created two Viceroyalties, the Viceroyalty of New Spain (in modern-day Mexico) and the Viceroyalty of Peru (a.k.a. the Viceroyalty of New Castile). In 1542, King Charles named Blasco Núñez Vela Peru's first viceroy, but the viceroyalty was not organized until the arrival of Viceroy Francisco de Toledo in 1572. Toledo promptly declared war on Vilcabamba, the last refuge of the Inca; soon afterwards, Tupac Amaru, the last Inca emperor, was captured and executed in Cuzco.
Territorial division of the Viceroyalty of Peru.
Because the territory of the Viceroyalty of Peru was so large, and far away from centers of government in Lima and Santo Domingo, Peru (as well as New Spain) was divided into a number of "real audiencias" (royal audiences), a type of superior judicial tribunal that combined executive and judicial authority, and can be considered "major provinces". The audiences controlled the "gobernaciones", "alcaldias mayores", "corregimientos", and "alcaldias ordinarias". The territory was also divided ecclesiastically, into archbishoprics, religious provinces, suggragan bishopries, parishes and curateships. The archbishoprics and religious provinces corresponded with the audiences, the bishoprics with the "gobernaciones" and "alcaldias mayores", and the parishes and curateships with the "corregimientos" and "alcaldias ordinarias".
These civil divisions were not uniform, with numerous exceptions being made based on the specific circumstances. The Viceroys were presidents of the audiences at the capitals of their Viceroyalties, with other audiences being presided over by captains-generals, or by persons known as gowned presidents. Power was devolved to the captains-general of an audience by the Viceroy, and the audience's territory was administered by the audience's president and the political, military, and religious officials underneath him.
Between 1542 and 1717, the Viceroyalty controlled most of the territory of South America (save for a few non-Spanish colonies and the Commandancy General of Caracas, which was a dependency of the Captaincy General of Santo Domingo). The territory was divided among (noting dates of creation):
The district of an audience was established in the royal decree by which it was created; the laws laid out in the myriad of "Cédulas Reales" issued by the Spanish Crown were compiled several times throughout the centuries-long history of Spanish presence in the region. These compilations were referred to as the Laws of the Indies; the 1680 compilation, organized under Charles II, known as the "Recopilación de las Leyes de los Reynos de Indias" (Compilation of the Laws of the Kingdoms of the Indies), set a template by which the laws were organized.
Under Title XV of Book II of the "Recopilación", the limits of the audiences of Lima and Quito were defined as follows:
Creation of the Viceroyalty of New Granada.
The two original Spanish viceroyalties of New Spain and Peru had existed intact up until 1717, when King Philip V of Spain issued the Real Cédula of May 27, 1717. The order split off the northwestern corner of Peru and created the Viceroyalty of New Granada. New Granada shared its capital with the Royal Audience of Santa Fé de Bogotá, and additionally had jurisdiction over the New Kingdom of Granada, as well as the audiences of Tierra Firme (now called Panama), Quito, and the Captaincy General of Venezuela. The territories of the Viceroyalty comprised the territories of, respectively, the modern Republics of Colombia, Ecuador, Panama, and Venezuela, as well as the northern regions of Peru, the Brazilian northwest, and the western part of Guyana.
The Royal Audience of Quito had been established by a royal decree in 1563, its territory including Pasto, Popayán, Cali, Buenaventura and Buga in what is currently Colombia, and extended as far south as Piura in what is now Peru. The eastern limit was ill-defined at the time, due to a lack of geographical knowledge and the low importance given to unpopulated, hard-to-reach territories.
Having temporarily suppressed the Viceroyalty of New Granada, on November 5, 1723, Philip V emitted another Cédula, which returned control of the Royal Audience of Quito to the Viceroyalty of Peru. The Cédula of August 20, 1739 (also called the "Cédula de Reerección Definitiva del Virreinato de Nueva Granada", "Definitive Decree of Re-erection of the Viceroyalty of New Granada") reinstated the viceroyalty with its 1717 territories, including the Royal Audience of Quito. The border between Quito and the Viceroyalty of Peru was defined in 1740 by another Cédula:
This cedula greatly modified the original demarcation, but served only to fix the starting point of the line on the pacific coast at the river Tumbes. This document was the first mention of the Tumbes as the boundary between the two viceroyalties.
Real Cedula of 1802.
Don Francisco de Requena requested that control of the Government and Commandancy General of Maynas pass from the Viceroyalty of Santa Fe (New Granada) to the Viceroyalty of Peru. In response, on July 15, 1802, the Spanish crown under the rule of Charles IV of Spain issued the Real Cédula of 1802. The decree split the Government and Commandancy General of Maynas and the Government of Quijos from the Audience of Quito, and added them to the Viceroyalty of Peru. The text of the decree, as reproduced in the "Annals of the diplomatic and consular missions of Colombia" (1901), reads:
In a footnote, Dr. Antonio José Uribe, Minister of Foreign Affairs of Colombia from 1901 to 1902, wrote,
thereby casting suspicion on the authenticity of one or more of the copies of the document, complicating the already difficult matter of interpreting its meaning.
According to Pedro Moncayo y Esparza, a 19th-century Ecuadorian writer, the Viceroy of Santa Fe and the President of Quito objected to the execution of the Real Cédula of 1802, as it had all the makings of an apocryphal document: it was not registered in the official "cedulario", and its contents could not be found in the "Recopilacion de Indias", nor had it been located in the Archive of the Indies in Spain. However, during the Peruvian congressional committee hearings regarding the dismissal of the Treaty of Mapasingue, signed between Ecuador and Peru at the end of the dispute of 1857-1860, it was stated that the Real Cédula of 1802 and the documents proving its execution were found in the archives of the ancient government of Maynas.
The lack of clarity within the document as to whether the transfer of administrative power was purely military and ecclesiasticcal in nature, or territorial as well, formed the basis for an imprecise territorial situation between Ecuador and Peru when the two nations obtained their independence from Spain.
Independence from Spain.
The Republic of Gran Colombia was founded in 1819, with Simón Bolívar as President. On August 7 of that year, the independence of what is now Colombia was won in the Battle of Boyacá. The independence of Venezuela was won on June 24, 1821 in the Battle of Carabobo. One of Bolivar's generals, Venezuelan-born General Antonio José de Sucre won the Battle of Pichincha on May 24, 1822 and freed the territory that was then Ecuador.
Gran Colombia comprised what is now Colombia, Ecuador, Venezuela and
Panama. It was Simón Bolivar's dream to unite all of South America, a project which he would never achieve.
Even before the battles for the freedom of the South American colonies were over, Bolivar established the "uti possidetis juris" principle as the basis for the territorial demarcation of the new nation-states that were to be born out of the ancient colonial jurisdictions. In essence, the principle stated that the borders of the new countries should correspond to the Spanish administrative borders, as they were in 1809. This would present some difficulties due to lack of geographical knowledge, and also because much of the territory was unpopulated and unexplored. By this principle, the territory of the "Viceroyalty of Peru" would become part of Peru, and the territory of the "Viceroyalty of New Granada" part of Gran Colombia.
The Gran Colombia–Peru War.
Bolivar had aspirations to be president for life of Gran Colombia, a republic that would unite most of the former Spanish colonies under his rule. Peruvian President José de la Mar, who had been a member of Bolivar's troops during the wars of independence and born in Cuenca, Ecuador, had his own political ambition: to establish himself as the formal ruler of Peru. As a result, relations between Bolivar and de la Mar quickly cooled, and the two soon became rivals. Bolivar's promotion of Antonio José de Sucre to "Mariscal" (Marshall), which made him his personal war assistant, particularly angered de la Mar, who officially became Bolivar's enemy.
Deciding to free Peru (what is now Peru and Bolivia) from what he considered to be an authoritarian project, he promoted an anti-Bolivarian campaign which gained popular support and led to insurrections, both in Peru and in Bolivia (Alto Perú), where the Colombian Army was expelled. Finally, he decided to confront Bolivar more directly by launching an attack. On June 3, 1828, de la Mar invaded the southern region of Gran Columbia; he occupied Loja and tried to capture Guayas, and intended to annex those territories to Peru.
Furious when he received the news, Simón Bolívar resolved to declare war against Peru. Sucre was appointed Commander of the Colombian Army. In 1829, La Mar and General Agustin Gamarra occupied Cuenca, but were defeated in what is known as the Battle of Portete de Tarqui (also known as the Battle of Tarqui) by Sucre on February 27, 1829. A coup supported by General Gamarra in the Peruvian Army against President de la Mar paved the way for a peace treaty. Subsequently, the "Convenio de Girón" between Peru and Gran Colombia recognizes as borders the "same ones of the corresponding Viceroyalties before independence." On July 10, the "Piura Armistice" recognised the annexation of Guayaquil to Gran Colombia, and on September 22, the war between Peru and Gran Colombia ended. [http://www.webcitation.org/query?url=http://www.geocities.com/equatorial2000/&date=2009-10-25+21:52:12]
The Gran Colombia federation dissolved during 1830 because of political struggles between regions which strengthened after Bolivar's resignation. Ecuador was born as a country on May 13, 1830 and began its separate existence with the adoption of a Constitution on September 23, 1830. According to this constitution, the Republic of Ecuador was composed of the provinces of Azuay, Guayas and Quito. These provinces later divided into the many provinces that exist today in Ecuador.
Confusion about Gran Colombia.
The term Gran Colombia is used today to refer to the federation that was formed between the Republics of Ecuador, Colombia (with Panama) and Venezuela before 1830. However, "Gran Colombia" is an anachronistic term, as the country was simply referred to as "Colombia", which is clear, for example, by looking at original documentation of the many treaties signed between "Colombia" and Peru before 1830.
In Peru, the dissolution of Gran Colombia is seen as a country ceasing to exist, giving way to the formation of new nation states that had nothing to do with the original federation. The significant implication of this view is that the treaties Peru had signed with Gran Colombia were voided, as the country in question no longer existed, and was replaced with three new states, the Republic of the New Granada (which subsequently changed its name to Republic of Colombia), the Republic of Venezuela and the Republic of Ecuador.
An alternative view is that Ecuador and Venezuela separated from the Gran Colombia Federation (from Colombia in actuality) and inherited any treaties that Gran Colombia had signed with Peru as they applied to their corresponding territories. There are indications that Colombia itself maintained this position. On the surface, it seems far-fetched that the Republic of Colombia after 1830 is a different country from the Republic of Colombia before 1830, even though they shared a capital city, a subset of territory and much of their citizenry. Additionally, the argument that border treaties are voided when federations are dissolved does not appear to have substantial merit and is clearly conflict-prone.
The Pedemonte-Mosquera Protocol.
Ecuador and Colombia maintain that the Pedemonte-Mosquea Protocol was signed in Lima on August 11, 1830 by Peru and Gran Colombia as a result of the Battle of Portete de Tarqui. The protocol settled the eastern section of the disputed border from the Andes Mountains to Brazil by making the Marañón River and Amazon River the new border between the two republics. The protocol settled the western section of the border from the Andes Mountains to the Atlantic Ocean by making the Macará river and the Tumbes river the new boundary. However, it left the status of a small area in the Andes Mountains named Jaén de Bracamoros in dispute. It was decided by Pedemonte and Mosquera that on a later date, either the Chinchipe River or the Huancabamba River would be chosen as the new boundary.
Ecuador has used this protocol as primary legal support of its core claims throughout the history of the conflict. Peru has disputed the credibility and the existence of the Pedemonte-Mosquera protocol on several points:
Even though it seems unlikely that Ecuador would have concocted a historical treaty of this nature, the fact that the existence of the original document cannot be demonstrated conclusively is significant.
Ecuador has managed to produce a copy made in 1870 that the Colombian embassy in Lima sent to Bogotá. The copy in question was obtained from someone's personal collection. However, it was not certified by Peru and remains disputed.
The Mosquera-Pedemonte protocol is mentioned in a Colombian document titled Legislative Act No. 3 published October 31, 1910. [http://www.cervantesvirtual.com/servlet/SirveObras/12726101947818273098435/p0000001.htm] The document explains how the borders between Colombia and its neighbors have been established; as to its border with Peru, it indicates they are "those adopted by Mosquera-Pedemonte, in development of the treaty of September 22, 1829."
There are conflicting versions of what exactly took place. For an Ecuadorian view point, see [http://www.diccionariobiograficoecuador.com/tomos/tomo9/p3.htm].
For Peruvian points of view, see [http://www.up.edu.pe/ciup/data%5C98-16.pdf][http://www.congreso.gob.pe/libro1/3volum/11tudela.htm].
1832-1856.
March 10, 1853: Creation of the Peruvian Government of Loreto
The Ecuadorian–Peruvian territorial dispute of 1857-1860.
This was an expensive war fought over disputed territory bordering the Amazon. On September 21, 1857 Ecuador decided to adjudicate to Britain territories in the "Canelos" region as payment for international debt it had incurred during the war of independence. Peru immediately protested the Ecuadorian action citing the "uti possidetis juris" principle by which the "Canelos" region would belong to Peru, based on the territorial concession of 1802 to the "Viceroyalty of Peru". Despite Peruvian complaints, Ecuador proceeded in its negotiations with the British. This led to an 1859 occupation and blockade of Guayaquil by president Castilla. (Ecuador at the time was undergoing a civil struggle.) On February 25, 1860, Peruvian minister Manuel Morales and his Ecuadorian counterpart, Nicolás Estrada, signed the "Treaty of Mapasingue" in order to end the dispute. (Mapasingue is a location near Guayaquil where Peruvian troops had stationed.) Ecuador voided the concession of territories claimed by Peru to the British, and Peru withdrew its forces. However, the territorial situation remained unclear and was left to be resolved at a later time.
The Ecuadorian–Peruvian War.
In 1941, the two countries went to war. As with all other such incidents, there are conflicting accounts to this day as to which side fired the first shot. Peru's version of events (notably well documented in Peruvian sources [http://www.alasdegloria.com/Sec5p1.htm][http://www.geocities.com/peruvictorsofcenepa/fap-1941.html]) is that Ecuador had been making incursions into its territory since 1937 and occupied several border locations by 1940.
Given these circumstances, the President of Peru, Manuel Prado Ugarteche, ordered the formation of the "North Grouping", a military unit in charge of the "Northern Operational Theater", on January 11, 1941, consisting of two light divisions with three battalions each, plus four other independent battalions and three artillery batteries (one with six 105 mm guns) ("Delgado").
In front of these forces, the Ecuadorian Border Security command had under its orders two Army battalions, the "Montecristi" and the "Cayambe", each one consisting of around 250 troops, armed with 7.92 mm Mauser rifles and a couple of Czech 7,92 mm ZB-26 light machine-guns, plus two Vickers-Maxim machine-guns. There was also a "Córdova" battalion, made up of around 100 troops, and a so-called "Mariscal Sucre" artillery battery, with 71 troops and no artillery pieces. In fact, the only artillery in the whole province of El Oro consisted of six Italian 65 mm mountain guns, sold to Ecuador as leftovers from the Great War, and almost without shells. These guns were never put into action. ("Rodríguez, 1943").
As for anti-aircraft defenses, the Ecuadorians had only a pair of 20 mm Breda guns deployed on Puerto Bolivar, which was the only port of entry for supplies, reinforcements, and weapons to arrive to the province, by sea, from the port-city of Guayaquil. The Ecuadorian Army of 1941 had not a single warplane. ("Rodríguez, 1943").
It is claimed that on Saturday, July 5, 1941 the Huaquillas unit of the Ecuadorian army invaded Peruvian territory, an action which originated a combat that extended across the entire Zarumilla front, up to a region known as "Quebrada Seca".
Ecuador's version of events is that Peru's invasion was an unprovoked act of aggression carried out with the explicit purpose of forcing Ecuador to sign an unfavorable treaty that would impose the status quo border line.
A communiqué by Ecuador's Foreign Ministry indicated that Peruvian forces had been seen advancing north towards the border; all of the Peruvian troops stationed in Tumbes had left Zarumilla and those in Piura and other nearby sites were in turn advancing towards Zarumilla.
According to the Ministry, the actions of the Ecuadorian army were limited to repelling the invasion which was occurring across much of the border. [http://www.alasdegloria.com/elcomercio/elc4.htm] As support for its arguments Ecuador has repeatedly cited the obvious difference in military might between the two countries, and the lack of preparedness of its forces. It has been speculated that Peru prepared to carry out an all-out invasion and could have been simply waiting for the slightest provocation.
Ecuador has also cited Peru's history of conflict with its other neighbors as evidence of its belligerence. It has been pointed out, however, that these circumstances did not preclude Ecuador from attempting to lay claim to territories it still considered its own. Also, during the War of the Pacific, Ecuador military occupied a portion of the disputed territories.
The much larger and better equipped Peruvian force of 13,000 men quickly overwhelmed the 1,800 Ecuadorian troops guarding the province of El Oro. The Peruvian army had at its disposal a battalion of armor made up of Czech tanks LTP, with artillery and air support. (Beginning with the second third of the 20th century, Peru allegedly has one of the strongest military forces in South America, even as recently as 2005 ranked second after Brazil and stronger than Argentina [http://americas.irc-online.org/am/165]).
The Ecuadorian president, Carlos Arroyo del Río, kept Ecuador's best forces in Quito, for fear of his political opponents (Arroyo would later resign on May 31, 1944 after much unrest in the country). Peru carried out the first use of paratroops in combat in the Western Hemisphere, dropping three paratroopers over the port-city of Puerto Bolívar ("Delgado"), one of them having been rescued by Ecuadorian fishermen when he landed on the waters of the Jambelí channel.
This attempt was largely successful in allowing a relatively easy takeover of El Oro towns, devoid by then of any Ecuadorian military presence after the short-lived ceasefire of July 26, brokered by the mediator countries (USA, Brazil and Argentina). After the ceasefire, most of the Ecuadorian troops, by now exhausted and without ammunition, left the field of battle and made their way out of El Oro, towards the city of Cuenca.
Thus, when Peru reopened the advance on July 29, which began with simultaneous bombings on the Ecuadorian towns of Machala, Puerto Bolívar, Pasaje, Santa Rosa, and Arenillas, plus a mission to the city of Guayaquil to drop leaflets, the Peruvian forces easily occupied the deserted towns of the province. A new ceasefire having been decreed to enter in effect on July 31 at 18h00 forced the Peruvian command to step up its efforts to occupy Machala and Puerto Bolívar, which they did with troops disembarked directly on Puerto Bolívar from the sea in the afternoon of July 31. ("Delgado")
Even then, hostilities didn't cease, as Peruvian forces began operations against the Ecuadorian posts on the Amazonian jungle, most of which were easily overrun.
With Peru occupying El Oro and menacing Guayaquil, plus pressure from the United States and Latin America to stop the hostilities as a sign of hemispheric unity against the Axis powers (in World War II), Peru and Ecuador signed the Rio de Janeiro Protocol.
Rio de Janeiro Protocol.
In May 1941, as tensions at the Ecuadorian-Peruvian border mounted and war was imminent, the governments of the United States of America, Brazil, and Argentina offered their services in aiding in the mediation of the dispute. Their efforts failed to prevent the outbreak of hostilities on July 23, 1941, but the diplomatic intervention led to a definitive cease-fire being put into place on July 31. Despite this, limited skirmishes continued to occur through the months of August and September in the Ecuadorian provinces of El Oro and Loja, as well as in the Amazonian lands. Ecuador accused Peru of continuing its advances into the highland province of Azuay.
On October 2, with military observers from the three mediating countries serving as witnesses, Ecuador and Peru signed the Talara Accord, which created a demilitarized zone inside the provinces of El Oro and Loja, pending the signing of a definitive peace treaty. Diplomatic efforts continued, with the mediating countries being joined by Chile.
On January 29, 1942, on the final day of the third Pan-American Summit, held in Rio de Janeiro, the foreign ministers of Ecuador and Peru, Julio Tobar Donoso and Alfredo Solf y Muro, signed a "Protocol of Peace, Friendship, and Boundaries", known as the Rio de Janeiro Protocol. The observers from the United States, Brazil, Argentina, and Chile co-signed the document, becoming "Guarantors of the Protocol". The Rio Protocol was subsequently ratified by each country's congress on February 26, 1942.
By the terms of the Protocol, Ecuador agreed to withdraw its long-standing claim for rights to direct land access to the Marañón and Amazon rivers; Peru agreed to withdraw Peruvian military forces from Ecuadorian territory. An area of of hitherto disputed territory in the Maynas region of the Amazonian basin was awarded to Peru, which had been established to be the de facto possessor of the land since the end of the 19th century. The "status quo" line defined in the 1936 Lima Accord was used as the basis for the definitive border line; the previous border recognized current possessions, but not sovereignty. Relative to the 1936 line, Ecuador ceded 18,552 km² of previously possessed territory to Peru, while Peru ceded 5,072 km² of previously possessed territory to Ecuador.
Ecuador's objections to the Protocol and thesis of Nullity.
Six times during the demarcation technical problems were found and referred to the Guarantors, with Brazil acting as lead. One of them, which involved the then contested "Cordillera del Cóndor", was submitted to arbitration by Captain Braz Dias de Aguiar. Both countries initially accepted the arbiter's award, issued July 1945, and demarcation began in the area according to that ruling.
During 1943 and 1946 the United States Air Force performed several aerial reconnaissance missions over the "Cordillera del Cóndor" region (losing 2 aircraft and 14 men in accidents.) to help in the demarcation efforts. They found that the "Cenepa river" was much longer than previously thought and that it runs between the Zamora and the Santiago. This finding conflicted with article VIII, point B-1 of the Rio Protocol, which laid out delineation of the border for that area as follows:
The difficulty was that there is not one watershed between the Zamora and the Santiago, but two, as interpreted by Ecuador. This resulted in Ecuadorian president Galo Plaza halting demarcation in 1949. About 78 kilometers of border were left unmarked. In 1953 Ecuador withdrew from the Demarcation Commissions, claiming the Protocol "impossible to implement" in that area.
On September 29, 1960 Ecuadorian president José María Velasco Ibarra declared the Rio Protocol null and void. (Peruvian analysts have speculated that this was a politically motivated move by Velasco Ibarra, who was considered a populist, but evidence to support this assertion is totally circumstantial).
With the sole exception of Cuba, the American community did not approve of Ecuador's diplomatic move, with the United States sending a letter of protest to Ecuador.
The arguments for what is called Ecuador's "thesis of nullity" varied, but they were generally the following:
Peru's counter-arguments included the following:
Ecuador argued its thesis extensively for 30 years, but did not find support in the international community. Peru's position, on the other hand, was that a dispute did not exist at all after 1941, a position which lasted until 1995, when it was recognized as a problematic diplomatic issue.
Maps published in Ecuador since the 1960s up to the end of the 20th century officially had to exclude the unmarked 78 kilometers of border, that is, the Rio Protocol line was drawn as unresolved, and to include what Ecuador considered as its own by right, according to the Pedemonte-Mosquera protocol (1830) line, which puts the Marañón (Amazon) river as the border between Peru and Ecuador.
Such controversial maps of Ecuador, known in Ecuador as "Tufiño's map", were referred in Peru as ""mapa recortado del Peru"" ("cut-off map of Peru").
The Paquisha Incident (1981).
The Paquisha War was a brief military clash that took place between January and February 1981 between Ecuador and Peru over the control of three watchposts. While Peru felt that the matter was already decided in the Ecuadorian-Peruvian War of 1941, Ecuador did not agree with the Rio de Janeiro Protocol. Later in 1998 the Guarantors of the Rio Protocol ruled that the border of the undelimited zone was indeed the line of the Cordillera del Cóndor, as Peru had been claiming since the 1940s.
In 1980, Peru invades Paquisha border populations, Machinaza Mayaycu and nestled in the foothills of the Cordillera del Condor and Nangaritza valley, note that the President of Ecuador Jaime Roldos in person visit military outposts along the border
In the aftermath of the incident, both sides increased their military presence along the Cordillera del Cóndor area and Cenepa Valley, starting an escalating spiral of tension and provocation that finally resulted in another military confrontation in 1995, the Cenepa War.
The Cenepa War (1995).
The Cenepa War was a brief (January 26 – February 28, 1995) and localized military conflict between Ecuador and Peru, fought over control of a disputed area on the border between the two countries. The two nations had signed a border treaty following the Ecuadorian–Peruvian War of 1941, but Ecuador later disagreed with the treaty as it applied to the Cenepa and Paquisha areas, and in 1960 Ecuador declared the treaty null and void.
The indecisive outcome of the Cenepa War — both sides claimed victory — along with the mediation efforts of Argentina, Brazil, Chile and the United States, paved the way for the opening of diplomatic negotiations that ultimately led to the signing of a definitive peace agreement (the Brasilia Presidential Act) on 26 October 1998. The peace agreement was followed by the formal demarcation of the border on 13 May 1999 and the end of the multi-national MOMEP (Military Observer Mission for Ecuador and Peru) troop deployment on 17 June 1999 which effectively put an end to the longest territorial dispute in the Western Hemisphere.
1995-1998: Arbitration and final resolution.
A cease fire was brokered by the four guarantor countries, and subsequently the "Itamaraty Peace Declaration" was signed on February 17, 1995. One of the declaration's clauses included the creation the Military Observer Mission Ecuador-Peru (MOMEP) in order to verify ceasefire agreements, observe and report infractions through diplomatic channels.
The MOMEP contingent was made up of observers, logistics, and aviation support from the United States, Argentina, Brazil, and Chile as part of "Operation Safe Border". The mission, unique in its scope, was fully funded by Peru and Ecuador. MOMEP was largely successful despite several tragic accidents due to land mines left in the area.
At a critical moment during late July and early August 1998 it appeared that Peruvian forces were preparing a preemptive assault on Ecuadorian forces (this is partially believed due to the Peruvian airforce buying 19 Mig-29S and 18 Sukhoi-25 aircraft from Bielorussia to counter the abysmal state the airforce was at the beginning of the conflict, with 80% of the fleet grounded due to lack of spares), but the presence of the MOMEP contingent was instrumental in defusing the
situation. [http://66.218.69.11/search/cache?p=ecuador+peru+1995+arbitration&toggle=1&ei=UTF-8&u=www.bu.edu/ihi/site_links/ihi_media_archive/downloads/peru.pdf&w=ecuador+peru+1995+arbitration&d=eV6CtGFULtkC&icp=1&.intl=us]
The guarantors assisted the parties in ministerial level discussions aimed at identifying the significant claims and disagreements of each side. Both countries agreed to a guarantor-sponsored technical commission composed of boundary experts in order to resolve the matter.
Before a critical meeting planned in Brazil for early 1997, both countries entered a period of unforeseen political events. In Peru, there was a hostage crisis in its Japanese embassy involving guerrillas of the Túpac Amaru Revolutionary Movement. Ecuador was going through a period of political instability as
President Abdala Bucaram, a strong supporter of an agreement on the border issue, was removed by congress due to alleged mental incapacity. (President Bucaram, who is known for his unusual antics, had visited Peru and was seen on TV eating ceviche and wearing alpaca hoods—a traditional indigenous outfit—along with President Alberto Fujimori.)
These delays nevertheless gave the guarantors more time to come up with a solution to the dispute. Eventually they concluded that a resolution would not be possible without granting something to each party.
The commission recognized Ecuador's position on one small already demarcated section of the border, and Peru's position on the larger issue of the single watershed between the Zamora and Santiago rivers. The latter was a blow to Ecuador's historic position, and left Tiwintza in Peruvian territory.
The solution the commission arrived was that an area of one square kilometer at the site of the fiercest fighting, Tiwintza, on the Peruvian side of the border, be granted to Ecuador as a non-sovereign private property. The site could be used by Ecuador to erect a monument and fly their flag. Even though neither country was completely satisfied with the solution, they both accepted it, which was a significant diplomatic success.
The resolution also called for the creation of two national parks contiguous to one another (also referred to as a "binational park") in the "Cordillera del Condor" region.
Ambassador Luigi Einaudi, the US guarantor representative, is credited with coming up with the idea of a private property concession in Tiwintza, working almost full-time on the problem, and coming up with ways to express issues in a manner not offensive to either party. [http://www.bu.edu/ihi/site_links/ihi_media_archive/downloads/peru.pdf#search='ecuador%20peru%201995%20arbitration']
On October 26, 1998, these two nations signed a comprehensive peace accord establishing the framework for ending a border dispute. Formal demarcation of border regions started on May 13, 1999. The agreement was ratified without opposition by both nations' congress. U.S. President Bill Clinton said: "This signing marks the end of the last and longest running source of armed international conflict in the Western hemisphere".
Political, social and economic impact.
This dispute is unique and significant in the study of causes and resolution of international conflict. Ecuador and Peru are populated by people who share a language, a culture, a religious preference, have basically the same social and ethnic diversity, and comparable economic difficulties. They are also both democracies (for the most part in modern times) which puts in doubt the common contention that democracies never go to war with each other.
Education and public perception.
A 2000 study carried out as part of the educational "ASA Program" found teaching curriculum relating to the dispute to be extremely one-sided in both countries:
Many examples of bias are cited, which can typically be characterized as removal of critical information about the other side's position. Emotional and nationalistic coloring of the material also appears to be routine. Although expected under the circumstances, this has likely fed the cycle of conflict in the past.
Citizens of Ecuador and Peru feel both their countries have lost territory over time. The issue is one of overlapping maximalist territorial claims and aspirations.
Many Peruvians, for example, believe that their country is related with the Inca Empire, and that compared to the Tahuantinsuyo, is relatively small. At one point, the Viceroyalty of Peru contained most of South America. The Republic of Peru lost territorial claims to Bolivia (formerly known as "Upper Peru"), Brazil (Acre and other Amazon territory), Colombia (Leticia province) and Chile (Arica province and Tarapacá). Ecuadorians see their country as a continuation of what was the Real Audiencia de Quito, containing territories that are now parts of Peru and Colombia, reaching Brazil to the east.
High Peruvian military spending is seen by Ecuador as evidence of belligerence and expansionism. Peru also considers Ecuador belligerent and expansionist.
At the end of the 20th century things appear to have improved considerably. Ecuador's partial military success in the Cenepa War of 1995 allowed an honorable resolution of the conflict without a clear winner. To many Ecuadorians this was viewed as restoring the honor of the country, which was at least as important as their claims to the disputed territory. Unfortunately, not everyone is completely satisfied.
One example of this is the fact that in Peru there are still some who believe Ecuador shouldn't have been given perpetual private property rights over the single km² spot of land known as Tiwintza, which saw some of the most fierce fighting during the war of 1995. In time, more progressive views have found their way in the public discourse. More significantly perhaps, by the 1990s both nations had become exhausted by the endless dispute, and were more interested in finding a definitive negotiated solution to the border problem than ever before.
Today, the entire Ecuadorian-Peruvian border is clearly delimited and demarcated, and the maps of both countries agree on the location of the common frontier. Bilateral work is being done by both countries Foreign Affairs officers to consolidate the economic and social integration. We can see part of this done by the Peruvian government with their Consulate in Machala, El Oro, where Minister Efrain Saavedra is the Consul General.
Economic impact.
One of the concerns both countries have had is the impact of the dispute on foreign investment. Thomas McLarty, US envoy at the resolution talks and former aid to President Bill Clinton, has said peace is essential to South America's economic recovery. He added: "You clearly cannot have long-term growth and prosperity involving foreign investment without stability". While there are still political instability issues in the region, resolution of the territorial conflict is helpful.
Trade between both countries has benefited considerably. Before signing the peace treaty, annual trade between Peru and Ecuador was about 100 million dollars. But as early as 1998, it had increased 5-fold.
There was also a broad agreement of integration between both countries. It included a binational fund for peace and development, national plans for productive, social and environmental development, and so on.
Political implications.
According to Gabriel Marcella (US Department of National Security and Strategy), as a result of the Ecuadorian-Peruvian territorial dispute "a number of emerging views about international affairs, U.S. foreign policy, and modern inter-American affairs were either shattered or seriously challenged". Some of the global and regional political implications of the dispute which have been noted are the following:

</doc>
<doc id="2923132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923132" title="Triple Crown Productions">
Triple Crown Productions

Triple Crown Productions was an ad hoc production company that produced the series of Triple Crown races for thoroughbred horses.
History.
Formation.
In 1985, a group of people wanted to increase the stature of the Triple Crown on television. Other than the Kentucky Derby, the Preakness Stakes and Belmont Stakes were considered the two "other" races. ABC Sports, which had broadcast the Derby since 1975, wanted to televise all the races as a three race package. CBS Sports, which showed the other two races, had much lower ratings for them, with the possible exceptions of years in which the Crown was at stake like 1973, 1977, and 1978.
In 1977, ABC was awarded the contract to televise the Preakness. TCP was formed in 1985 after CBS terminated its contract with NYRA. ABC Sports won the rights to broadcast all three races, as well as many prep races. Ratings went up after the package was centralized.
Unified Triple Crown Nominations.
Triple Crown Publications was charged with marketing the Kentucky Derby, the Preakness Stakes and the Belmont Stakes as a single entity. Incorporated in September 1985, Triple Crown Productions opened its offices at Churchill Downs in January 1986 and inaugurated a common nomination form and fees for all three races. Early nominations were set at a fee of $600 for each horse nominated at the closing of mid-January and late nominations for $3,000 (now $6,000) closing six weeks prior to the Derby. Supplemental entries were also set at $150,000 for the Derby and $100,000 for the Preakness and Belmont if nominating a horse after the second nomination close.
Chrysler Triple Crown Bonus.
In 1986 Triple Crown Productions in an effort to get more publicity for the three race series sought a sponsor. The very next year, beginning in 1987, Chrysler Motors agreed to offer a three tiered bonus called the "Chrysler Triple Crown Challenge" and a "Triple Crown Bonus." The first two phases of the bonus would have two distinct payouts to the owners of horses running in the Triple Crown series. 
The first part of the bonus would be paid out to any horse that could sweep all three legs of the Triple Crown. That bonus brought the combined purse winnings of all three race purses and the extra series bonus to equal $5,000,000 to the winner along with the special Triple Crown Trophy commissioned by the Thoroughbred Racing Association. A second phase of the bonus was to be paid out as a flat $1,000,000. to any horse that started and finished in all three races and had the highest combined total finish. The requirement to "finish all three races" affected the 1993 result, as Sea Hero was declared the winner in 1993 despite Prairie Bayou ending up with more points, as Prairie Bayou broke down during the Belmont Stakes and failed to finish.
Chrysler also offered a third phase to the "Triple Crown Challenge." The automobile company offered a bonus and showcased its vehicles in track infields and on network television, and gave away a new Chrysler vehicle to the winning jockey of every Triple Crown race. If the same jockey won a second race during the same annual series than the Chrysler vehicle would be given to the winning trainer. The $5,000,000 Triple Crown bonus was never paid; the last Triple Crown winner was Affirmed in 1978.
Triple Crown Challenge Points.
An enduring feature of the Challenge was the establishment of a point system to determine which horse had the highest combined Triple Crown total finish. Points were awarded equally in all three Triple Crown races. Ten points were earned by a win. Five points were earned by a place finish, three points were earned for a show finish and one point was awarded to a fourth place finish. The horse that earned the highest number of points and started in all three races was awarded the million dollars. See table below for Highest combined Triple Crown finish in each year since 1987. The $1,000,000 bonus was discontinued after seven years.
In the first year of the challenge, a win was worth five points, second was worth three, third was worth one, and no points were awarded for fourth. Had the system used in later years been in effect, Alysheba's two firsts and a fourth (21 points) would have been enough to beat Bet Twice's two seconds and a first (20 points), but under the originsl system, Bet Twice had 11 points to Alysheba's 10.
Highest combined Triple Crown finish.
This is a listing of the horses that finished in either first, second, third or fourth in the Triple Crown Challenge, based on finishes in all three legs of the United States Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing.
Visa Triple Crown Bonus.
In 1996, as Chrysler ended its association as sponsor of the Triple Crown, Visa stepped in. Carl Pascarella, president of Visa, a horse owner himself, took the relationship far beyond where it was during the Chrysler era. Visa looked upon the sponsorship as a true partnership. In the winter and spring, Visa produced and aired television commercials focusing on its sponsorship of the three grade I races comprising the Triple Crown, the Kentucky Derby, the Preakness Stakes and the Belmont Stakes, and then increased the marketing budget dramatically following the Preakness if a horse was eligible to win the Visa Triple Crown Challenge. Visa helped market racing in ways that racing could not afford to do on its own. 
In addition to the mass marketing campaign, Visa changed the bonus dramatically. The second and third phases of the bonus were discontinued. The first phase of the bonus was changed from supplementing the purses to equal five million dollars to a flat payment of $5,000,000. in addition to the race purses. That would mean that the winning connections would earn between $1,800,000 to $2,460,000 for the race purses and add an additional $5,000,000. to that to bring a combined purse up to a $7,000,000. range. Pascarella dearly wanted to hand out the $5-million bonus that goes with a sweep of the Triple Crown, and in six of Visa's nine years there was that possibility. 
On May 21, 2005, the Visa credit card company withdrew its sponsorship of the Triple Crown, effective in 2006. It relieved Visa of paying the $5 million bonus to the owner of a horse that wons the Triple Crown. Triple Crown Productions has sponsored the races since 2006.
Many believe Visa withdrew its sponsorship as a result of the New York Racing Association's decision to break with the other two tracks on a television contract. On October 4, 2004, NYRA announced that the American Broadcasting Company and ESPN would hold television rights to the Belmont Stakes, breaking from Triple Crown Productions' deal with NBC Sports. NBC Sports holds the broadcasting rights to the Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes until 2010. During the entire bonus period no bonus had been paid out since there still has been no Triple Crown winner since 1978. When the NYRA deal ended in 2010, Comcast acquired rights for all three races, in separate contracts, to air on their channels. The Comcast deal is a five-year deal from 2011-15.
Later years.
Combined broadcast arrangements with ABC continued until 2001, when NBC Sports took over. Under NBC, ratings continued to go up, by as much as 20 percent in some years. It did not hurt that many horses, like Funny Cide and Smarty Jones, were making Triple Crown runs during those years (although all of them failed). From 2002 to 2004, the Belmont had the highest ratings of any horse race on television.
After the 2004 race, the New York Racing Association ended its deal with NBC, citing a conflict over profit-sharing arrangements. ABC won the rights to the Belmont, and TCP was effectively dissolved related to bonuses and broadcast rights. The only function that Triple Crown Production still oversees is joint nomination fees and a small joint marketing effort. 
In 2011, NBC Sports once again became the broadcaster of all three Triple Crown races in separate broadcast deals; including an extension to its existing rights to the Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes, plus establishing a new 5-year deal to broadcast the Belmont Stakes after ABC and ESPN declined to renew their previous contract. All three deals last through 2015, and include supplementary coverage on NBC Sports Network for all three races. The additional coverage included 14-1/2 hours of Kentucky Derby pre-race coverage including an hour and a half live special for the Kentucky Oaks and six and a half hours of Preakness Stakes pre-race coverage including a one hour live special on the Black-Eyed Susan Stakes both carried on NBC Sports Network. 

</doc>
<doc id="2923146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923146" title="Nishi-Shiogama Station">
Nishi-Shiogama Station

Lines.
Nishi-Shiogama Station is served by the Senseki Line. It is located 15.2 rail kilometers from the terminus of the Senseki Line at Aoba-dōri Station. 
Station layout.
Nishi-Shiogama Station has two opposed side platforms connected by an overhead passageway.
History.
Nishi-Shiogama Station opened on June 5, 1925 as a station on the Miyagi Electric Railway. The line was nationalized on May 1, 1944. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of JNR on April 1, 1987. 

</doc>
<doc id="2923147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923147" title="List of Great Old Ones">
List of Great Old Ones

This is a compendium of the lesser known Great Old Ones of the Cthulhu Mythos of H. P. Lovecraft.
__NOTOC__
A.
Aphoom-Zhah.
See Lin Carter deities.
Atlach-Nacha.
See Clark Ashton Smith deities.
B.
Basatan.
See Clark Ashton Smith deities.
Bokrug.
Bokrug ("The Great Water Lizard") first appeared in Lovecraft's short story "The Doom That Came to Sarnath" (1920). The being is also part of Lovecraft's Dream Cycle.
Bokrug is the god of the semi-amphibian Thuum'ha of Ib in the land of Mnar. The deity slept beneath the calm waters of a lake that bordered Ib and the city of Sarnath. When the humans of Sarnath cruelly slaughtered the populace of Ib and stole the god's idol, the deity was awakened. Each year thereafter, strange ripples disturbed the otherwise placid lake. On the one-thousandth anniversary of Ib's destruction, Bokrug rose up and destroyed Sarnath (so utterly that not even ruins remained). Afterwards, the Thuum'ha recolonised Ib and thenceforth lived undisturbed.
C.
Chaugnar Faugn.
Some were the figures of well-known myth — gorgons, chimaeras, dragons, cyclops, and all their shuddersome congeners. Others were drawn from darker and more furtively whispered cycles of subterranean legend — black, formless Tsathoggua, many-tentacled Cthulhu, proboscidian "Chaugnar Faugn", and other rumoured blasphemies from forbidden books like the "Necronomicon", the "Book of Eibon", or the "Unaussprechlichen Kulten" of von Junzt.
<br>—H. P. Lovecraft, "The Horror in the Museum" (emphasis added)
Chaugnar Faugn ("The Elephant God", "The Horror from the Hills") was created by Frank Belknap Long and first appeared in his novel "The Horror from the Hills" (1931).
Chaugnar Faugn (or Chaugnar Faughn) appears as a horribly grotesque idol, made of an unknown element, combining the worst aspects of octopus, elephant, and human being. When Chaugnar Faugn hungers, it can move incredibly quickly for its size and use its lamprey-like "trunk" to drain the blood from any organism it encounters.
Chaugnar Faugn came to the Earth from another dimension eons ago, possibly in a form other than the one it later assumed. Upon arriving, he found the dominant lifeform to be only simple amphibians. From these creatures, he created the Miri Nigri to be his servitors. The Miri Nigri would later mate with early humans to produce hybrids that would eventually evolve into the horrid Tcho-Tcho people.
Cthugha.
See Cthugha.
Cynothoglys.
Cynothoglys ("The Mortician God") first appeared in Thomas Ligotti's short story "The Prodigy of Dreams" (1994). The being appears as a shapeless, multiform entity with a single arm used for catching those who summoned it and bringing them painless, ecstatic death. In ancient times, it held a small cult in Italy, which paid it homage rather than worshipping it, since actual worship would be the same as summoning the god. They considered it to be no mere Cloacina, but the mortician of all creatures, even the gods themselves.
D.
Dweller in the Gulf.
See Clark Ashton Smith deities.
E.
Eihort.
See Ramsey Campbell deities.
M.
Mnomquah.
See Brian Lumley deities.
N.
Nug and Yeb.
Nug and Yeb, the "Twin Blasphemies", are the spawn of Shub-Niggurath and Yog-Sothoth. Nug is the parent of Cthulhu and the parent of Kthanid via the influence of Yog-Sothoth. Nug is a god among ghouls, while Yeb is the leader of Abhoth's alien cult.
Both Nug and Yeb closely resemble Shub-Niggurath.
The names Nug and Yeb are similar to the names of the Egyptian sibling gods Nut and Geb, members of the Heliopolitan Ennead.
Nyogtha.
See Henry Kuttner deities.
O.
Oorn.
See Brian Lumley deities.
Q.
Quachil Uttaus.
See Clark Ashton Smith deities.
R.
Rlim Shaikorth.
See Clark Ashton Smith deities.
Rhan-Tegoth.
A weakened, amphibious, chimaera-like being that crushed victims and sucked their blood. Revived and worshipped by the mad wax artist George Rogers.
Rhogog.
The Bearer of the Cup of the Blood of the Ancients, taking the form of a black leafless oak tree, hot to the touch, that bears Cthulu's blood.
S.
Shudde M'ell.
See Brian Lumley deities.
Summanus.
See Brian Lumley deities.
V.
Vulthoom.
See Clark Ashton Smith deities.
W.
The Worm that Gnaws in the Night.
See Lin Carter deities.
Y.
Yag-Kosha.
Yag-Kosha is described as telepathic being with an elephant head, from outerspace and being the last survivor of a group of refugees.
Yag Kosha appeared in the story "The Tower of the Elephant", from Robert Ervin Howard (the creator of "Kull" and "Conan, the Barbarian"). The Tower of the Elephant was best known for being portraited in the comic book "Conan the Barbarian#4".
Yibb-Tstll.
See Brian Lumley deities.
Yig.
Yig (the "Father of Serpents") first appeared in the story "The Curse of Yig" which was created by Zealia Bishop and almost completely rewritten by H. P. Lovecraft. He is a deity that appears as a serpent man, serpent with bat like wings, or as a giant snake. Although Yig is easy to anger, he is easy to please as well. Yig often sends his serpent minions, the "children of Yig", to destroy or transform his enemies. He is associated with the Serpent Men.
To Native Americans, Yig is regarded as "bad medicine". He is also alluded to in western American folklore. He is identified with the Mesoamerican deity Quetzalcoatl, and may be a prototype for that god and other serpentine gods worldwide. Some authors identify him as the Stygian serpent god Set's father, and from Robert E. Howard's Conan stories, and also with the Great Serpent worshiped by the Serpent People of Valusia from Howard's Kull stories.
Yig is the subject of a song by the shock rock band GWAR entitled "Horror of Yig", which appears on their album "Scumdogs of the Universe". The band The Darkest of the Hillside Thickets, famous for their Lovecraft references, also refers to Yig in a song titled "Yig Snake Daddy".
Yig is the name of a deity in the Arcanis Dungeons & Dragons campaign setting. Yig was once (and may still be) worshipped by the Ssethregorean Empire, a group dominated by various lizard and snake-like beings. Yig in this mythos is a female deity, but still strongly associated with serpents, suggesting the name is not a coincidence.
Despite being spoken of on only a few occasions in Lovecraft's work, Yig is one of the Ancient Ones included in the Arkham Horror boardgame, appearing alongside Ancients such as Cthulhu and Nyarlathotep, proving his popularity; a game where Yig is the villain will go very quickly.
Z.
Zathog.
Zathog appears in Richard Tierney's novel "The Winds of Zarr" (1971), as well as in his short story "From Beyond the Stars" (1975). After warring with the Elder Gods, Zathog, eager for revenge, entered into a compact with the brutal Zarr. The Zarr controlled most of the galaxy where they dwelt and desired to conquer the rest of the universe. In return for helping him free his brethren, Zathog promised to give the Zarr the ability to travel through time and space.
Zushakon.
See Henry Kuttner deities.

</doc>
<doc id="2923157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923157" title="Jan Schneider">
Jan Schneider

Dr Jan Schneider (born June 3, 1947 in New York City) is a Democratic politician. She ran for United States Congress in in 2002 and 2004. Both times she won the Democratic Primary, and lost to Katherine Harris in the open election. She ran again for the open seat in the same district in 2006. 
Schneider received her BA from Brown University; an MA in international affairs from Columbia University; and a JD and a PhD in political science from Yale. She has been a practicing lawyer, a law professor, an international civil servant, a businesswoman and a policy adviser. She is also the author of two books on international environmental law and numerous articles.
Congressional Elections.
Schneider won 45% of the vote in both the 2002 and 2004 elections, in a district of 32% Democrats. Her campaign captured the largest portion of the vote of any congressional challenger in the state of Florida. Additionally, in 2004 her campaign was outspent in both the primary (at a roughly four-to-one ratio) and the general election (at a roughly ten-to-one ratio). Schneider appeared on a "Colbert Report" special report on April 24, 2006. 
In the 2006 primary she faced Christine Jennings, a former bank president, whom Schneider beat in the 2004 primary, 47 percent to 38 percent in a four-way race. Two years later, however, the party establishment backed Jennings. "CQPolitics.com" wrote that while Schneider had run game challenges to Harris as the Democratic nominee in 2002 and 2004 strongest appeal was to more liberal elements of the 13th District constituency, and many Democratic officials thought Jennings’ business background would make her a more viable general election contender." [http://www.cqpolitics.com/2006/09/buchanan_jennings_will_face_of.html Jennings went on to defeat Schnieder 62 percent to 38 in the September 5 primary, but lost to Republican Vern Buchanan in the general election.
Jan Schneider ran No Party Affiliation in the Florida 13th congressional district in 2008. In an independent poll run on October 1, Schneider was polling at 9%, with 14% of independents backing her candidacy and 41% of Hispanics supporting her. [http://www.surveyusa.com/client/PollReport.aspx?g=838b046e-d954-48bd-b527-6221b858f73c] Incumbent Congressman Vern Buchanan won re-election with 55.5% of the vote.

</doc>
<doc id="2923164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923164" title="Wong (supermarket)">
Wong (supermarket)

Wong is a supermarket chain in Peru. Known until 2005 as E. Wong, it started as a small store opened in 1942 by Chinese Peruvians in a residential area of the Miraflores District in Lima. Today, Cencosud has 18 supermarkets Wong.
History and development.
In 1942, Erasmo Wong, a Chinese-Peruvian, opened a small store at a corner in the "Óvalo Gutiérrez", in a residential area in Miraflores. Originally a family business, the store kept growing and in 1983, the first store of the present-day Wong supermarket chain was inaugurated. The next store to be opened was located in "2 de Mayo Av.", in San Isidro. Some years later, stores in Santiago de Surco were also opened; and by 1995, Wong had five stores all around Lima.
Wong's growth was characterized by going against market trends, being more customer service oriented instead of the more usual self-service and investing during some of the Peruvian economy's hardest times.
Company information.
Wong focuses on bringing customers product variety and a highly personalized service.
It is widely known that Wong treats its employees (and customers too) very well. For example, instead of calling them “workers”, they call them “collaborators”. Therefore, it has earned several awards for the excellence of its service.
The "Gran Corso de Fiestas Patrias", a large parade held annually a few weeks before July 28, the day of Peruvian independence, is organized by Wong and attended by more than 100,000 persons. The parade is usually celebrated in Miraflores and ends with a fireworks display.
Buyout & Market Share.
On December 16, 2007 it was announced that Wong was bought by the Chilean company Cencosud, the 100% of the assets from Wong were sold for an amount of 500 million dollars to the Chilean group, 200 in cash and 300 in stocks from the Chilean corporation.
This action, plus the fact that this very possibility was denied by Efraín Wong himself mere months earlier was taken very negatively by the Peruvian populace; marking the beginning of a slow decline in Wong market share.
The 2008 Independence Day Parade was viewed by many as a fiasco since Wong no longer had the required "nationalism" to hold such an event, however, its attendance still overshadowed a copycat event by rival Supermercados Peruanos.
As of September 2008, Wong market share has decreased to less than 30% of the market (from a high if 44% two years earlier) and shows no signs of going back up. Adding this to the fact that prices in Wong — being slowly standardized to Cencosud's levels — have risen by 11% overall in the last year, shows an uncertain future for Peru's former king of supermarkets.

</doc>
<doc id="2923173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923173" title="Franz Wohlfahrt (composer)">
Franz Wohlfahrt (composer)

Franz Wohlfahrt (7 March 1833 – 14 February 1884) was a violin teacher in Leipzig, Germany.
Wohlfahrt was born and died in Leipzig, where his father, Heinrich Wohlfahrt, was a piano teacher. He wrote a series of etudes, 60 Studies for Violin, Op. 45, which are often among the first ones studied by beginning violinists and violists. He was a student of Ferdinand David. 

</doc>
<doc id="2923186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923186" title="The Peoples Champ">
The Peoples Champ

The Peoples Champ is the second studio album by rapper Paul Wall. The album debuted at number one on the U.S. "Billboard" 200 chart, selling 176,000 copies its first week. This is his second album overall and the first to top the "Billboard" 200. This album is also available in a Chopped and Screwed version by DJ Michael "5000" Watts. There is a special 2-disc edition available with an alternative album cover and a bonus disc. The five singles from the album are "Sittin' Sidewayz", "They Don't Know", "Internet Goin Nutz", "Girl" and Kanye West's Drive Slow featuring Paul Wall & GLC, which was released on West's "Late Registration" prior to this album. In 2010, Rhapsody called "The Peoples Champ" one of the top ten albums by a white rapper.

</doc>
<doc id="2923194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923194" title="Off-the-grid">
Off-the-grid

The term off-grid refers to not being connected to a grid, mainly used in terms of not being connected to the main or national electrical grid. In electricity, off-grid can be stand-alone systems (SHS) or mini-grids typically to provide a smaller community with electricity. Off-grid electrification is an approach to access electricity used in countries and areas with little access to electricity, due to scattered or distant population. It can be any kind of electricity generation. The term off-the-grid (OTG) can refer to living in a self-sufficient manner without reliance on one or more public utilities.
Off-the-grid homes are autonomous; they do not rely on municipal water supply, sewer, natural gas, electrical power grid, or similar utility services. A true off-grid house is able to operate completely independently of all traditional public utility services. The idea has been recently popularized by certain celebrities including Ed Begley, Jr. who stars in "Living with Ed" television show on the Home & Garden Television network. Actress Daryl Hannah promotes off-grid living and constructed her home in Colorado according to those principles, as does survival expert and "Dual Survival" co-star Cody Lundin, who lives in a self-designed, passive solar earth house in the high-desert wilderness of Northern Arizona, collecting rainwater, composting waste, and paying nothing for utilities.
Electrical power.
Electrical power can be generated on-site with renewable energy sources such as solar, wind, micro hydro or geothermal; with a generator and adequate fuel reserves; or simply done without, as in Amish and Old Order Mennonite communities. Such a system is called a stand-alone power system.
Water.
On-site water sources can include a well, stream, or lake. Depending on the water source, this may include pumps and/or filtration. Rainwater can also be harvested. Filters can be advanced running off an energy source of boiling and storage.
Popularity.
On 13 April 2006, "USA Today" reported that there were "some 180,000 families living off-grid, a figure that has jumped 33% a year for a decade," and cited Richard Perez, publisher of Home Power Magazine, as the source. Assuming the same rate of growth, there would be a quarter million off-grid households in the United States by late 2007. Because many Third World citizens have never had the chance to go on the grid, current estimates are that 1.7 billion people live off-grid worldwide.
Environmental impact.
The State of California is encouraging solar and wind power generation that is connected to the electrical grid to avoid the use of toxic lead acid batteries for night time storage. Grid-tie systems are generally less expensive than off-grid systems due to the lack of additional equipment like charge controllers and the batteries. However, some systems may mitigate this difference by using old car batteries that can no longer supply enough current to start a car.
Going off-grid can be done for altruistic reasons or to lower the environmental impact of living, as the typically limited amount of on-site renewable energy available is an incentive to reduce its use. But if energy usage is not reduced, going off-grid actually has a larger environmental impact versus using the grid, due to the lower efficiencies of the components. It is often done to residential buildings only occasionally occupied, such as vacation cabins, to avoid high initial costs of traditional utility connections. Other persons choose to live in houses where the cost of outside utilities is prohibitive, or such a distance away as to be impractical. In his book "How to live off-grid" Nick Rosen lists seven reasons for going off-grid. The top two are saving money, and reducing the carbon footprint. Others include survivalists, preparing for the collapse of the oil economy and bringing life back to the countryside.
Environmental concerns in Canadian off-grid communities.
Canada has about 175 aboriginal and northern off-grid communities, defined as "a community that is neither connected to the North American electrical grid nor to the piped natural gas network; it is permanent or long-term (5 years or more), and the settlements have at least 10 permanent buildings."
Aboriginal Affairs and Northern Development Canada lists the following environmental concerns for these off-grid communities:
Economic consideration.
In situations where grid parity has been reached, it becomes cheaper to generate one's own electricity rather than purchasing it from the grid. This depends on equipment costs, the availability of renewable energy sources (wind, sun), and the cost of a grid connection. For example, in certain remote areas a grid connection would be prohibitively expensive, resulting in grid parity being reached immediately.
Off-grid Photovoltaic.
The photovoltaic off-grid market has been researched by international institutes, universities and market research companies. The cumulative installed PV capacity is estimated in 2010 between 1 to 2 GW depending on the source. The market research company Infinergia has gone further by mapping national cumulative installed off-grid PV capacity on 100 countries worldwide.
Africa.
In Africa, small inexpensive Chinese-made solar electric systems have become available, and as of 2010, they were being installed on mud huts in Kenyan villages, and in other countries. Inexpensive solar panels and LED lights make the systems affordable.

</doc>
<doc id="2923197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923197" title="Pinamar">
Pinamar

Pinamar is an Argentine coastal resort town located on the coast of the Atlantic Ocean in Buenos Aires Province. It has about 20,000 inhabitants as per the .
Located less than south of Buenos Aires, it is one of several small seaside communities that line the coast. Since Pinamar's main attraction is the ocean, it is a fairly quiet town during the winter months. Tourism is what fuels the economy during the summer.
Two facts set Pinamar apart from most of the other Atlantic Ocean beach cities: it is a planned city with a very strict building code, and it has been artificially turned from wild sand dunes into a forest (mostly of pine trees, which explains the "pina" in the name).
City planning, as defined by founding architect Jorge Bunge and maintained by elected authorities ever since, translates into a city mostly made up of residential houses with open gardens; that, together with the pine forest, combine to make the city a very nice setting. That explains why it has been chosen as the summer resort for many well-to-do Argentinians, in particular those living in Buenos Aires.
Pine planting was originally started in Cariló -- a town nearby Villa Gesell and copied in Pinamar, although the city plan for Villa Gesell was not as carefully laid out or kept through the years.

</doc>
<doc id="2923198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923198" title="Saint-Pierre-de-Mézoargues">
Saint-Pierre-de-Mézoargues

Saint-Pierre-de-Mézoargues is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in southern France.

</doc>
<doc id="2923230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923230" title="Gary Dumm">
Gary Dumm

Gary Dumm (b. c. 1949) is an Ohio-based comic book artist known particularly for his work illustrating the comics of Harvey Pekar. From 1976 until Pekar's 2010 death, he worked on Pekar's autobiographical comic series, "American Splendor", where he appeared alongside such notable comics artists as Robert Crumb, Joe Sacco, and Gerry Shamray. Much of Dumm's work on "American Splendor" was as an inker, embellishing the pencils of Greg Budgett and Joe Zabel. (Dumm has also inked Zabel in other venues, including Caliber's "Dancing With Your Eyes Closed", Fantagraphics' "Real Stuff", and Zabel's own title "The Trespassers".) Dumm collaborated with Pekar as the primary artist on two full-length books, "Ego & Hubris: The Michael Malice Story", and "Students for a Democratic Society: A Graphic History".
Dumm has also worked on such projects as "Dennis McGee" and "The Miracle Squad". He contributes a regular strip (illustrated bios of blues people) to the newsletter "Music Makers Rag". His editorial cartoons have been published in "Cleveland Scene", "Cleveland Free Times", and "The Plain Dealer". A retrospective of his work was shown at the Artists Archives of the Western Reserve in Cleveland. Dumm says he feels "itchy" when he’s not drawing.
Personal life.
Dumm married wife Laura in 1971. They live on the west side of Cleveland with a "family" of 11 rescued stray cats. From c. 1976–1985, Dumm worked as the assistant manager of the Cleveland-based Kay's Bookstore.
Bibliography.
As primary artist:

</doc>
<doc id="2923231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923231" title="Mas-Blanc-des-Alpilles">
Mas-Blanc-des-Alpilles

Mas-Blanc-des-Alpilles is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in southern France.

</doc>
<doc id="2923237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923237" title="Humphry">
Humphry

Humphry is a masculine given name, and a surname. It comes from the old-Germanic name Hunfrid, which means "friend of the hun"
People with the name "Humphry" include:

</doc>
<doc id="2923254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923254" title="Get Smart, Again!">
Get Smart, Again!

Get Smart, Again! is a made-for-TV movie based on the 1965-1970 NBC/CBS television series, "Get Smart!", which originally aired February 26, 1989 on ABC (the network that rejected the original pilot for the "Get Smart!" TV series). It has subsequently been released twice on DVD by different publishers. In the video release of the movie, the laugh track is absent.
Synopsis.
Maxwell Smart (Don Adams), acting as a protocol officer since CONTROL was disbanded in the early 1970s, is reactivated as a counterintelligence agent by Commander Drury (Kenneth Mars) of the United States Intelligence Agency. KAOS, long considered defunct, has been revitalized by a corporate takeover. Its first scheme involves turning a forgotten American scientist and using his weather control machine to extort US$250 billion from the United States Government. (This plot is similar to the one used in the 1990s "Avengers" movie, another film based on a 1960s TV spy series.)
Drury, convinced that only Smart has the expertise to combat KAOS, gives him "carte blanche" to reactivate former CONTROL agents to assist him in his task. Along with Drury's bumbling aide, Beamish (Steve Levitt), Smart recruits Larrabee (who, believing that he was under orders from Richard Nixon to stay at his post until relieved, has been living in his office in the now-abandoned CONTROL headquarters tending his office plants), Agent 13, Hymie the Robot (now employed as a crash test dummy) and ultimately, his wife 99 (Barbara Feldon) to find the security leak that allowed the scientist to defect, locate the weather machine and disarm it. They are opposed by a KAOS mole (John de Lancie) within the USIA, who is able to predict Max's every move with the aid of stolen copies of 99's unpublished memoirs. 
The visible head of the KAOS scheme is revealed to be Max's old nemesis, Siegfried (Bernie Kopell), but he is merely the agent of a higher executive whom even he has never met. This new leader is finally revealed as Nicholas Demente (Harold Gould), 99's publisher, who intends not only to extort the money but also to create weather that will keep people eternally indoors and interfere with television reception, forcing millions of Americans to entertain themselves by buying Demente's books and publications. Max, 99, and Beamish infiltrate KAOS with the aide of Siegfried's twin brother Doctor Helmut Schmelding. After defeating Demente's henchmen with medieval weaponry, the CONTROL agents kill Demente with his own weather machine. Max and 99 celebrate by causing it to snow.
As it this movie was composed by writers of the 1960's show, and featured many of the same stars (as was not as much the case with "The Nude Bomb"), "Get Smart Again!" did feature much of the spirit, and character interaction, of the original series.
1995 revival.
The relative success of the film prompted the development of a short-lived 1995 weekly series on FOX, also titled "Get Smart", with Don Adams and Barbara Feldon reprising their characters as their bumbling son, Zach (Andy Dick), becomes CONTROL's star agent. (Zach's unnamed twin sister is not seen in the new show.)
The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach's sexy partner, Agent 66, and Heather Morgan as Max's secretary, Trudy, who is convinced she works for a talent agent.

</doc>
<doc id="2923260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923260" title="Tombstone (programming)">
Tombstone (programming)

Tombstones are a mechanism to detect dangling pointers that can appear in certain computer programming languages, e. g. C, C++ and assembly languages, and to act as a containment to their dangerous effects.
A tombstone is a structure that acts as an intermediary between a pointer and the heap-dynamic data in memory. The pointer – sometimes called the handle – points only at tombstones and never to the memory that holds the actual value. When the data is deallocated, the tombstone is set to a null (or, more generally, to a value that is illegal for a pointer in the given runtime environment), indicating that the variable no longer exists. This prevents the use of invalid pointers, which would otherwise access the memory area that once belonged to the now deallocated variable, although it may already contain other data, in turn leading to corruption of in-memory data. Depending on the operating system, the CPU can automatically detect such an invalid access (e. g. for the null value: a "null pointer dereference error"). This supports in analyzing the actual reason, a programming error, in debugging, and it can also be used to abort the program in production use, to prevent it from continuing with invalid data structures.
In more generalized terms, a tombstone can be understood as a marker for "this data is no longer here". For example in filesystems it may be efficient when deleting files to mark them as "dead" instead of immediately reclaiming all their data blocks.
The downsides of using tombstones include a computational overhead and additional memory consumption: extra processing is necessary to follow the path from the pointer to data through the tombstone, and extra memory is necessary to retain tombstones for every pointer throughout the program. One other problem is that all the code – that needs to work with the pointers in question – needs to be implemented to use the tombstone mechanism.
No popular programming language currently uses tombstones. However, built–in support by the programming language or the compiler is not necessary to use them.

</doc>
<doc id="2923261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923261" title="Val O'Donovan">
Val O'Donovan

Michael Valentine (Val) O'Donovan, CM (February 14, 1936 – February 5, 2005) was a Canadian businessman and Chancellor of the University of Waterloo.
Born in Cork, Ireland, he started working at Pye Telecommunications in 1959 after graduating as an electrical engineer from the Cambridge College of Technology. In 1962, he invented a new type of microwave multiplexer, and a paper he wrote describing the invention won the best paper award in the Journal of the Institution of Electronic and Radio Engineers. Soon after graduating, he met Sheila and they were married in 1960. 
In 1963, O'Donovan, his pregnant wife and their two infant sons immigrated to Canada where he joined RCA. By 1971, he was manager of RCA's satellite transponder department, which was responsible for designing the payloads used in the innovative Canada/United States communications technology satellite and the first domestic United States satellites. Drawing on his expertise, he co-authored a book (with Chandra Kudsia) titled Microwave Filters for Communications Systems. After working in the satellite division at RCA in Montreal, Val, with two partners, founded COM DEV in 1972 and, under his guidance, it has become a global leader in satellite communications technology. On Halloween in 1979, COM DEV, along with 44 families, moved to Cambridge, Ontario. Under Val's leadership COM DEV continued to thrive, and in 1996 became a publicly listed company (symbol CDV on the Toronto Stock Exchange). In 1998, O'Donovan retired as CEO of COM DEV but continued on as Chairman of the Board until December 2004.
In 1992, O'Donovan was awarded the McNaughton Gold Medal by the Institution of Electrical and Electronic Engineers. In 1993, he received the Laurier Outstanding Business Leader Award from Wilfrid Laurier University. In 1995, the University of Waterloo awarded him the degree of Doctor of Engineering (Honoris Causa). In 2001, Val was awarded with the John H. Chapman Award from the Canadian Space Agency. In 2003, O'Donovan was made a Member of the Order of Canada, Canada's highest civilian honour.
From 1997-2003, O'Donovan was Chancellor at the University of Waterloo, where he relished giving degrees to many thousands of students, to each of whom he had something special to say.
In 1998, O'Donovan and Sheila started a charitable foundation to establish a residential hospice in Waterloo Region for terminally ill cancer patients. In July 2000, Lisaard House (lisaard.com) was open for its first residents.
O'Donovan's special interests included his rose garden, his bookshelves and his wine cellar.
On February 5, 2005, O'Donovan died at his home in Bermuda.

</doc>
<doc id="2923272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923272" title="Frank Stack">
Frank Stack

Frank Huntington Stack (a.k.a. Foolbert Sturgeon) (b. 1937 in Houston, Texas) is an American underground cartoonist and fine artist. Working under the name Foolbert Sturgeon to avoid persecution for his work while living in the bible belt, Stack published what is considered by many to be the first underground comic book, "The Adventures of Jesus", in 1962.
Stack graduated from the University of Texas in Austin with a BFA in 1959. He was editor of the "Texas Ranger" student humor magazine from 1958 to 1959. He was also a Professor of Art at the University of Missouri, and did stints teaching at Appalachian State and Virginia Tech. His technique of creating etchings on-site was featured in American Artist magazine.
In addition to publishing several articles in "The Comics Journal", he has contributed comics to "Zero Zero, Blab!, Snarf", and "Rip Off Comix" anthologies. In 1972 Stack contributed to "The Rip Off Review of Western Culture" with "Jesus Goes To The Faculty Party".

</doc>
<doc id="2923274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923274" title="Richard Hüttig">
Richard Hüttig

Richard Hüttig (18 March 1908 in Roßleben-Bottendorf – 14 June 1934 in Berlin, executed) was a prewar German Communist who was put to death, apparently more for his political convictions than for any crime he committed.
Life.
Richard Hüttig's family worked the land. At the age of 20, he moved to Berlin, where he eventually joined the "Rote Jungfront" and eventually also the Communist Party of Germany (KPD).
By 1930, Hüttig was leader of the "Häuserschutzstaffeln" ("house protection squad") in his neighbourhood in Charlottenburg, which had been set up to ward off Brown Shirt terror raids. It was in a way a kind of self-help organization. Not officially connected to the KPD, it nonetheless received advice from the KPD local "Tietz" at Nehringstraße 4a in Berlin (nowadays there is a driving school there). When the SA was in sight, the "Häuserschutzstaffeln" could be alerted by acoustic signals.
Arrest, trial, and death.
Richard Hüttig was arrested during a crackdown on anti-régime elements on 14 September 1933, after Hitler had seized power, whereafter he spent several months in the Columbia-Haus concentration camp. Eventually, he was brought before the court. 
Hüttig and those tried along with him were accused of having shot SS-Scharführer Kurt von der Ahé dead during a joint SA-SS raid on his neighbourhood on 17 February 1933. Nothing could be proved on that point, however, and the court even admitted that it was not credible to suggest that Hüttig had done this crime, especially as there were eyewitnesses who swore that Kurt von der Ahé had been shot by his own people. Moreover, Hüttig had had no gun. This, however, did not stop the court from convicting Hüttig of severe breach of the public peace and attempted murder, or from sentencing him to death. He was beheaded in the courtyard at Plötzensee Prison in Berlin with an axe. He was one of many Communists put to death at Plötzensee at around this time.
Memorials to Hüttig.
The laneway leading to the Plötzensee Memorial is now named Hüttigpfad after him. It was given the name in 1950. There is also a plaque in Hüttig's memory at Seelingstraße 21, near Schloss Charlottenburg. A square in Hüttig's birthplace Roßleben, formerly named "Schenkenplatz" (except during the Third Reich, when it was named for Hitler), is now named "Richard-Hüttig-Platz". Some local people in Roßleben, however, have tried to have the square's old name restored, saying that they don't want to remember a "murderer". There was another memorial plaque to him at the local inn, the "Thüringer Hof", placed by the "Vereinigung der Verfolgten des Naziregimes" ("Association of Persecution Victims of the Nazi Régime"). The old inn is gone now, but the plaque has been relocated to a savings bank near its original site.

</doc>
<doc id="2923280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923280" title="Bidjar rug">
Bidjar rug

Bijar (or Bidjar) Kurdish rugs are often called the Iron Rugs of Iran. The Bijar was a heavy, durable rug that has been very popular in the United States. Now the Bijar rug tends to be a finer, thinner and more Sarouk-like rug. Most Bijar Kurdish carpets are woven by "Gerrus" Kurds in the Bijar area while a finer copy of Bijar carpets are woven by Afshar weavers who live in the Tekab and Tekkenteppe Area in Gerus. 
The Bidjar carpets can be put into the following three main categories:Traditional Bidjars, f.i. Bidjars with rose motifs, Halvai and Tahjavi-Bidjars and Afshar Bidjars.

</doc>
<doc id="2923286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923286" title="The Porter">
The Porter

The Porter is a 2004 film directed by Jan Wentz.
Overview.
A diamond heist film directed by Jan Wentz, featuring the new Mercedes-Benz CLS-Class. The title song is by Bryan Ferry: "Fool for Love".

</doc>
<doc id="2923288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923288" title="Bridal registry">
Bridal registry

A bridal registry is a service provided by a website or retail store to assist engaged couples in the communication of gift preferences to wedding guests. Selecting items from store stock, the couple lists desired items and files this list with the chosen merchant. The list is then made available to wedding guests, either by the couple's family or the merchant. Upon the purchase of a listed item, this gift registry is updated accordingly. In addition to providing valuable information for the buyer, the system helps prevent the receipt of duplicate or unwanted gifts, potentially saving time for both giver and recipient.
The practice of a bridal registry was first instituted by Chicago-founded department store Marshall Field's in 1924 at its Marshall Field and Company Building as a means for the engaged couple to indicate chosen china, silver and crystal patterns to family and friends. US-based Target stores were the first to introduce an electronic self-service gift registry in 1993, using a service provided by The Gift Certificate Center of Minneapolis. The technology was invented and subsequently patented by William J. Veeneman et al., the founder and CEO of The Gift Certificate Center.
In the past few years the traditional concept of the bridal registry has evolved. There are now more specialized versions such as honeymoon registry, house registry and charity registry. Additionally there are registry services that allow registrants to place items from many stores on a single registry (commonly referred as Universal Registries).
In the UK, bridal registries are more commonly known as 'Wedding Lists'. It is common for couples to send out a copy of their Wedding List details with their wedding invitations. There has also been a recent trend towards gift list services that allow the couple to add almost anything to their gift list—such as contributions to their honeymoon, flights or experience days, as well as traditional gifts from any store.
During the last couple of years, bridal registries have become popular across Europe. Since an increasing amount of Europeans study or work abroad at some point in their life, European weddings tend to have international guests. European registry services account for this by being often multi-lingual.

</doc>
<doc id="2923297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923297" title="Diane Allen">
Diane Allen

Diane B. Allen (born March 8, 1948 in Newark, New Jersey) is an American Republican Party legislator, who has been serving in the New Jersey State Senate since 1998, where she represents the 7th Legislative District. She served as the Deputy Republican Conference Leader from 2002 to 2003 and as the Majority Whip from 1998 to 2001. She has been the Deputy Minority Leader in the N.J. Senate since 2004. She was a member of the lower house of the New Jersey Legislature, the New Jersey General Assembly, from 1996 to 1998.
Biography.
Allen grew up in Moorestown Township, New Jersey and first ran for elective office in the 1970s when she ran for the Board of Education of the Moorestown Township Public Schools.
In the 1995 general election, Allen and Republican running mate Carmine DeSopo were elected, defeating Democratic incumbent Steven M. Petrillo and his running mate, newcomer Joseph P. Dugan. The $1.1 million spent in the 1995 Assembly race made it the first in New Jersey to cross the $1 million spending mark, as reported in the results of a study conducted by the Center for the Analysis of Public Issues of Princeton, New Jersey that analyzed campaign finance reports from candidates for all 80 Assembly seats.
Incumbent Democrat Jack Casey did not run for re-election in 1997, and in the Senate race that year Allen defeated the Democratic nominee Robert P. Broderick
Allen was elected President of the National Order of Women legislators in November 2013. The Organization represents the near 1800 female state legislators in America.
Senator Allen has served as a delegate to the Republican National Convention in 1996, 2000, as well as in 2004 and 2012. She has served on the Martin Luther King Commission since 1998 and the New Jersey Human Relations Council from 2003 to 2007. She has been the Senate's Deputy Minority Leader since 2006, and serves in the Senate on the Education Committee, the Health, Human Services and Senior Citizens Committee, as well as the Veterns and military aff
She was an unsuccessful candidate for the Republican nomination for the United States Senate in 2002. Six people ran, with Allen a close second to millionaire businessman Doug Forrester who won the party's nomination. Forrester won the primary with 44.6% of the vote, Allen came in second with 36.9%, ahead of third-place finisher John J. Matheussen who garnered 18.6% of the vote
Allen was a television anchor and reporter for KYW-TV from 1976 to 1978, and again from 1982 to 1988 and at WCAU-TV from 1989 to 1994, both in Philadelphia. She also worked at WLS-TV in Chicago from 1979 to 1982.
Allen received a B.A. from Bucknell University in Philosophy. She is the President of VidComm, Inc. She is currently a resident of Edgewater Park Township.
In 2007, Allen won re-election. She was unopposed in the Republican primary and defeated Democratic challenger Rich Dennison of Florence in the November general election.
Allen was considered a potential candidate for the New Jersey's 3rd congressional district seat being vacated by fellow Republican Jim Saxton in the 2008 election. However, she announced on November 29, 2007, that she would not run for the seat, citing factionalism in the Burlington County Republican Party in her statement.
On November 9, 2009, Allen announced that she has been diagnosed with an aggressive form of cancer. Allen had been informed in November 2009 that she had oral cancer. Though doctors had initially thought that treatment would require removal of her tongue and that she would be unable to speak normally, the surgery performed in 2010 did not greatly impair her speech, and she has since undergone radiation and laser treatments.
The Broadcas–t Pioneers of Philadelphia [http://www.broadcastpioneers.com] inducted Allen into their Hall of Fame in 2005.
District 7.
Each of the forty districts in the New Jersey Legislature has one representative in the New Jersey Senate and two members in the New Jersey General Assembly. The other representatives from the 7th Legislative District for the 2012–2013 Legislative Session are:

</doc>
<doc id="2923298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923298" title="Designated Approving Authority">
Designated Approving Authority

The Designated Approving Authority, in the United States Department of Defense, is the official with the authority to formally assume responsibility for operating a system at an acceptable level of risk. The new official term that has replaced DAA is Authorizing Official (AO).
Definition.
This position is defined by the Department of Defense Directive 8500.1 (Information Assurance) - E2.1.13. Designated Approving Authority (DAA).
As an example. The National Security Agency (NSA) may recommend to a unified command to operate at a certain classification range; e.g. U.S. Special Operations Command or U.S. Central Command. The Command-in-Chief of the unified command (CENTCOM or SOCOM) would be the DAA, giving him/her the ability to override NSA recommendations.
Synonyms.
This term is synonymous with "Designated Accrediting Authority" and "Delegated Accrediting Authority".

</doc>
<doc id="2923310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923310" title="Psorosperm">
Psorosperm

Psorosperm (from the Greek ψωρα itch and σπερμα seed) is a name formerly given to a number of parasitic protozoa which produce cystlike or sporelike structures in the tissue of hosts, but now essentially obsolete. 
The term was introduced in German (as "Psorospermien") by J. Müller in 1841. 
Psorosperm was at one point believed to be the cause of Darier's disease.
"Psorospermiasis" is classified under 136.4 in ICD-9.

</doc>
<doc id="2923314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923314" title="Shahid Anwar">
Shahid Anwar

Shahid Anwar (born 5 July 1968) in Multan) is a former Pakistani International cricketer. 
Playing career.
International.
Anwar made his one-day debut against England, scoring 37 runs but was never recalled to the national team.
Domestic.
In domestic cricket to represented Lahore, Bahawalpur, National Bank of Pakistan, Pakistan Automobiles Corporation, Pakistan National Shipping Corporation during his career and also played on the UK Cricket League Circuit. He captained the National Bank Grade 1 and Lahore Grade 1 teams to national championships (both as captain) and appeared in 216 first class games as a batting all-rounder, scoring 12100 runs (at 34.87) with a highest score of 195, as well as appearing in 152 list "A" matches. His first-class career is punctuated with 26 centuries and 63 half centuries. Anwar took 61 wickets in first class cricket with a career best of 6/2.
Coaching.
After retiring from first-class cricket, Shahid proceeded to become one of the most successful cricket coaches in Pakistan. After completing Level I, II and III cricket coaching diplomas from CA (Cricket Australia), he joined Sialkot Stallions as their head coach and propelled them to National T-20 Championship, and the National Bank side to the 2011 One day championship runner-up position. He also coached Pakistan "A" team during its tour to Australia in 2010.
Shahid Anwar is currently the Head Coach of Bahawalpur Division and has remained the head coach of Stags Cricket Team, Captain of the Stags Seniors Cricket team from 2009–2012 and the Stags Cricket Club in Lahore.
While Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) provides excellent training facilities for players at their regional academies, a sustained coaching and repetitive reinforcement routine is required for players to hone their skills. It has been observed that once players go back to their clubs and associations, much of the training imparted at the Academies is lost because most clubs are unable to provide consistent reinforcement, regular match play and analytical training to cricketers.
The need for a high performance cricket academy, where the skills of upcoming cricketers can be augmented to world class standards over an extended period of sustained training was the starting point of Stags Cricket Academy. Backed by a philanthropic initiative of [http://www.aizads.com/ Mr. Aizad Sayid the Stags Cricket Academy was established in June 2010, and is currently in operation at the H Block Cricket Ground in Model Town, Lahore. This is the only club in Lahore that provides top class facilities to cricketers without charging any fee.
The Stags Cricket Academy is currently imparting training to seventy talented cricketers starting from 9 years of age. These cricketers were chosen after a talent hunt scheme was launched all over Pakistan in which over twelve hundred cricketers of all ages were assessed in various cities during a period of one month. Out of these twelve hundred, one hundred and fifty players were invited to Lahore for final assessment, from which the current crop of seventy were chosen for the Academy.
One of the critical aspects of player development is their on and off-field conduct. It is perhaps the weakest link in Pakistan's sports culture. Stags Cricket Academy is currently enforcing the following code of conduct:
A) A Stags player must strive to become a role model.
B) A Stags player must always act in a sportsmanlike manner towards opponents, officials and spectators
C) A Stags player should learn the rules applicable for the age group that the player is playing for.
D) A Stags player should graciously accept the decision of the umpires and scorers. Never argue
E) A Stags player must learn to patiently listen, understand and implement the ideas of the team management off the pitch, and the captain on the field
F) A Stags player must learn to show respect to the Club’s, community and other people’s property
G) A Stags player must encourage colleagues. 
H) A Stags player must set a good example to other players
I) A Stags player shall not use bad language or offensive behaviour
Presently, the following skill development facilities are available for players at Stags Cricket Academy: 
1). Level I, II and III Coaches.
2). Physical Trainer. 
3). Sports Physiotherapist. 
4). Video Analyst. 
5). Doctor on Call. 
6). Bowling machines and net practice under floodlights 
7). State of the art video recording and player analysis software. 
8). Age matched playing equipment. 
9). Radar speed gun.
10). Motorized pitch roller. 
11). Motorized Grass cutting machines. 
12). Top of the line cricket equipment for players. 
13). Fully computerised player records on club website. 
14). Fitness machines. 

</doc>
<doc id="2923321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923321" title="Emergency psychiatry">
Emergency psychiatry

Emergency psychiatry is the clinical application of psychiatry in emergency settings. Conditions requiring psychiatric interventions may include attempted suicide, substance abuse, depression, psychosis, violence or other rapid changes in behavior. Psychiatric emergency services are rendered by professionals in the fields of medicine, nursing, psychology and social work. The demand for emergency psychiatric services has rapidly increased throughout the world since the 1960s, especially in urban areas. Care for patients in situations involving emergency psychiatry is complex.
Individuals may arrive in psychiatric emergency service settings through their own voluntary request, a referral from another health professional, or through involuntary commitment. Care of patients requiring psychiatric intervention usually encompasses crisis stabilization of many serious and potentially life-threatening conditions which could include acute or chronic mental disorders or symptoms similar to those conditions.
Definition.
Symptoms and conditions behind psychiatric emergencies may include attempted suicide, substance dependence, alcohol intoxication, acute depression, presence of delusions, violence, panic attacks, and significant, rapid changes in behavior. Emergency psychiatry exists to identify and/or treat these symptoms and psychiatric conditions. In addition, several rapidly lethal medical conditions present themselves with common psychiatric symptoms. A physician's or a nurse's ability to identify and intervene with these and other medical conditions is critical.
Delivery of Services.
The place where emergency psychiatric services are delivered are most commonly referred to as Psychiatric Emergency Services, Psychiatric Emergency Care Centers, or Comprehensive Psychiatric Emergency Programs. Mental health professionals from a wide area of disciplines, including medicine, nursing, psychology, and social work work in these settings alongside psychiatrists and emergency physicians. The facilities, sometimes housed in a psychiatric hospital, psychiatric ward, or emergency room, provide immediate treatment to both voluntary and involuntary patients 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Within a protected environment, psychiatric emergency services exist to provide brief stay of two or three days to gain a diagnostic clarity, find appropriate alternatives to psychiatric hospitalization for the patient, and to treat those patients whose symptoms can be improved within that brief period of time. Even precise psychiatric diagnoses are a secondary priority compared with interventions in a crisis setting. The functions of psychiatric emergency services are to assess patients' problems, implement a short-term treatment consisting of no more than ten meetings with the patient, procure a 24-hour holding area, mobilize teams to carry out interventions at patients' residences, utilize emergency management services to prevent further crises, be aware of inpatient and outpatient psychiatric resources, and provide 24/7 telephone counseling.
History.
Since the 1960s the demand for emergency psychiatric services has endured a rapid growth due to deinstitutionalization both in Europe and the United States. Deinstitutionalization, in some locations, has resulted in a larger number of severely mentally ill people living in the community. There have been increases in the number of medical specialties, and the multiplication of transitory treatment options, such as psychiatric medication. The actual number of psychiatric emergencies has also increased significantly, especially in psychiatric emergency service settings located in urban areas. Emergency psychiatry has involved the evaluation and treatment of unemployed, homeless and other disenfranchised populations. Emergency psychiatry services sometimes can be accessibility, convenience, and anonymous. While many of the patients who used psychiatric emergency services shared common sociological and demographic characteristics, the symptoms and needs expressed did not conform to any single psychiatric profile. The individualized care needed for patients utilizing psychiatric emergency services is evolving, requiring an always changing and sometimes complex treatment approach.
Scope.
Suicide attempts and suicidal thoughts.
As of 2000, the World Health Organization estimated one million suicides in the world each year . There are countless more suicide attempts. Psychiatric emergency service settings exist to treat the mental disorders associated with an increased risk of completed suicide or suicide attempts. Mental health professionals in these settings are expected to predict acts of violence patients may commit against themselves (or others), even though the complex factors leading to a suicide stem from so many sources, including psychosocial, biological, interpersonal, anthropological and religious. These mental health professionals will use any resources available to them to determine risk factors, make an overall assessment, and decide on any necessary treatment.
Violent behavior.
Aggression can be the result of both internal and external factors that create a measurable activation in the autonomic nervous system. This activation can become evident through symptoms such as the clenching of fists or jaw, pacing, slamming doors, hitting palms of hands with fists, or being easily startled. It is estimated that 17% of visits to psychiatric emergency service settings are homicidal in origin and an additional 5% involve both suicide and homicide. Violence is also associated with many conditions such as acute intoxication, acute psychosis paranoid personality disorder, antisocial personality disorder, narcissistic personality disorder, and borderline personality disorder. Additional risk factors have also been identified which may lead to violent behavior. Such risk factors may include prior arrests, presence of hallucinations, delusions, or other neurological impairment, being uneducated, unmarried etc. Mental health professionals complete violence risk assessments to determine both security measures and treatments for the patient.
Psychosis.
Patients with psychotic symptoms are common in psychiatric emergency service settings. The determination of the source of the psychosis can be difficult. Sometimes patients brought into the setting in a psychotic state have been disconnected from their previous treatment plan. While the psychiatric emergency service setting will not be able to provide long term care for these types of patients, it can exist to provide a brief respite and reconnect the patient to their case manager and/or reintroduce necessary psychiatric medication. A visit to a crisis unit by a patient suffering from a chronic mental disorder may also indicate the existence of an undiscovered precipitant, such as change in the lifestyle of the individual, or a shifting medical condition. These considerations can play a part in an improvement to an existing treatment plan.
An individual could also be suffering from an acute onset of psychosis. Such conditions can be prepared for diagnosis by obtaining a medical or psychopathological history of a patient, performing a mental status examination, conducting psychological testing, obtaining neuroimages, and obtaining other neurophysiologic measurements. Following this, the mental health professional can perform a differential diagnosis and prepare the patient for treatment. As with other patient care considerations, the origins of acute psychosis can be difficult to determine because of the mental state of the patient. However, acute psychosis is classified as a medical emergency requiring immediate and complete attention. The lack of identification and treatment can result in suicide, homicide, or other violence.
Substance dependence, abuse and intoxication.
Another common cause of psychotic symptoms is substance intoxication. These acute symptoms may resolve after a period of observation or limited psychopharmacological treatment. However the underlying issues, such as substance dependence or abuse, is difficult to treat in the emergency room, as it is a long term condition. Both acute alcohol intoxication as well as other forms of substance abuse can require psychiatric interventions. Acting as a depressant of the central nervous system, the early effects of alcohol are usually desired for and characterized by increased talkativeness, giddiness, and a loosening of social inhibitions. Besides considerations of impaired concentration, verbal and motor performance, insight, judgment and short term memory loss which could result in behavioral change causing injury or death, levels of alcohol below 60 milligrams per deciliter of blood are usually considered non-lethal. However, individuals at 200 milligrams per deciliter of blood are considered grossly intoxicated and concentration levels at 400 milligrams per deciliter of blood are lethal, causing complete anesthesia of the respiratory system. Beyond the dangerous behavioral changes that occur after the consumption of certain amounts of alcohol, idiosyncratic intoxication could occur in some individuals even after the consumption of relatively small amounts of alcohol. Episodes of this impairment usually consist of confusion, disorientation, delusions and visual hallucinations, increased aggressiveness, rage, agitation and violence. Chronic alcoholics may also suffer from alcoholic hallucinosis, wherein the cessation of prolonged drinking may trigger auditory hallucinations. Such episodes can last for a few hours or an entire week. Antipsychotics are often used to treat these symptoms.
Patients may also be treated for substance abuse following the administration of psychoactive substances containing amphetamine, caffeine, tetrahydrocannabinol, cocaine, phencyclidines, or other inhalants, opioids, sedatives, hypnotics, anxiolytics, psychedelics, dissociatives and deliriants. Clinicians assessing and treating substance abusers must establish therapeutic rapport to counter denial and other negative attitudes directed towards treatment. In addition, the clinician must determine substances used, the route of administration, dosage, and time of last use to determine the necessary short and long term treatments. An appropriate choice of treatment setting must also be determined. These settings may include outpatient facilities, partial hospitals, residential treatment centers, or hospitals. Both the immediate and long term treatment and setting is determined by the severity of dependency and seriousness of physiological complications arising from the abuse.
Hazardous drug reactions and interactions.
Overdoses, drug interactions, and dangerous reactions from psychiatric medications, especially antipsychotics, are considered psychiatric emergencies. Neuroleptic malignant syndrome is a potentially lethal complication of first or second generation antipsychotics. If untreated, neuroleptic malignant syndrome can result in fever, muscle rigidity, confusion, unstable vital signs, or even death. Serotonin syndrome can result when selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors or monoamine oxidase inhibitors mix with buspirone. Severe symptoms of serotonin syndrome include hyperthermia, delirium, and tachycardia that may lead to shock. Often patients with severe general medical symptoms, such as unstable vital signs, will be transferred to a general medical emergency room or medicine service for increased monitoring.
Personality disorders.
Disorders manifesting dysfunction in areas related to cognition, affectivity, interpersonal functioning and impulse control can be considered personality disorders. Patients suffering from a personality disorder will usually not complain about symptoms resulting from their disorder. Patients suffering an emergency phase of a personality disorder may showcase combative or suspicious behavior, suffer from brief psychotic episodes, or be delusional. Compared with outpatient settings and the general population, the prevalence of individuals suffering from personality disorders in inpatient psychiatric settings is usually 7–25% higher. Clinicians working with such patients attempt to stabilize the individual to their baseline level of function.
Anxiety.
Patients suffering from an extreme case of anxiety may seek treatment when all support systems have been exhausted and they are unable to bear the anxiety. Feelings of anxiety may present in different ways from an underlying medical illness or psychiatric disorder, a secondary functional disturbance from another psychiatric disorder, from a primary psychiatric disorder such as panic disorder or generalized anxiety disorder, or as a result of stress from such conditions as adjustment disorder or post-traumatic stress disorder. Clinicians usually attempt to first provide a "safe harbor" for the patient so that assessment processes and treatments can be adequately facilitated. The initiation of treatments for mood and anxiety disorders are important as patients suffering from anxiety disorders have a higher risk of premature death.
Disasters.
Natural disasters and man-made hazards can cause severe psychological stress in victims surrounding the event. Emergency management often includes psychiatric emergency services designed to help victims cope with the situation. The impact of disasters can cause people to feel shocked, overwhelmed, immobilized, panic-stricken, or confused. Hours, days, months and even years after a disaster, individuals can experience tormenting memories, vivid nightmares, develop apathy, withdrawal, memory lapses, fatigue, loss of appetite, insomnia, depression, irritability, panic attacks, or dysphoria. Due to the typically disorganized and hazardous environment following a disaster, mental health professionals typically assess and treat patients as rapidly as possible. Unless a condition is threatening life of the patient, or others around the patient, other medical and basic survival considerations are managed first. Soon after a disaster clinicians may make themselves available to allow individuals to ventilate to relieve feelings of isolation, helplessness and vulnerability. Dependent upon the scale of the disaster, many victims may suffer from both chronic or acute post-traumatic stress disorder. Patients suffering severely from this disorder often are admitted to psychiatric hospitals to stabilize the individual.
Abuse.
Incidents of physical abuse, sexual abuse or rape can result in dangerous outcomes to the victim of the criminal act. Victims may suffer from extreme anxiety, fear, helplessness, confusion, eating or sleeping disorders, hostility, guilt and shame. Managing the response usually encompasses coordinating psychological, medical and legal considerations. Dependent upon legal requirements in the region, mental health professionals may be required to report criminal activity to a police force. Mental health professionals will usually gather identifying data during the initial assessment and refer the patient, if necessary, to receive medical treatment. Medical treatment may include a physical examination, collection of medicolegal evidence, and determination of the risk of pregnancy, if applicable.
Treatment.
Treatments in psychiatric emergency service settings are typically transitory in nature and only exist to provide dispositional solutions and/or to stabilize life-threatening conditions. Once stabilized, patients suffering chronic conditions may be transferred to a setting which can provide long term psychiatric rehabilitation. Prescribed treatments within the emergency service setting vary dependent upon the patient's condition. Different forms of psychiatric medication, psychotherapy, or electroconvulsive therapy may be used in the emergency setting. The introduction and efficacy of psychiatric medication as a treatment option in psychiatry has reduced the utilization of physical restraints in emergency settings, by reducing dangerous symptoms resulting from acute exacerbation of mental illness or substance intoxication.
Medications.
With time as a critical aspect of emergency psychiatry, the rapidity of effect is an important consideration. Pharmacokinetics is the movement of drugs through the body with time and is at least partially reliant upon the route of administration, absorption, distribution and metabolism of the medication. A common route of administration is oral administration, however if this method is to work the drug must be able to get to the stomach and stay there. In cases of vomiting and nausea this method of administration is not an option. Suppositories can, in some situations, be administered instead. Medication can also be administered through intramuscular injection, or through intravenous injection. The amount of time required for absorption varies dependent upon many factors including drug solubility, gastrointestinal motility and pH. If a medication is administered orally the amount of food in the stomach may also affect the rate of absorption. Once absorbed medications must be distributed throughout the body, or usually with the case of psychiatric medication, past the blood–brain barrier to the brain. With all of these factors affecting the rapidity of effect, the time until the effects are evident varies. Generally, though, the timing with medications is relatively fast and can occur within several minutes. As an example, physicians usually expect to see a remission of symptoms thirty minutes after haloperidol, an antipsychotic, is administered intramuscularly.
Psychotherapy.
Other treatment methods may be used in psychiatric emergency service settings. Brief psychotherapy can be used to treat acute conditions or immediate problems as long as the patient understands his or her issues are psychological, the patient trusts the physician, the physician can encourage hope for change, the patient has motivation to change, the physician is aware of the psychopathological history of the patient, and the patient understands that their confidentiality will be respected. The process of brief therapy under emergency psychiatric conditions includes the establishment of a primary complaint from the patient, realizing psychosocial factors, formulating an accurate representation of the problem, coming up with ways to solve the problem, and setting specific goals. The information gathering aspect of brief psychotherapy is therapeutic because it helps the patient place his or her problem in the proper perspective. If the physician determines that deeper psychotherapy sessions are required, he or she can transition the patient out of the emergency setting and into an appropriate clinic or center.
ECT.
Electroconvulsive therapy is a controversial form of treatment which cannot be involuntarily applied in psychiatric emergency service settings. Instances wherein a patient is depressed to such a severe degree that the patient cannot be stopped from hurting himself or herself or when a patient refuses to swallow, eat or drink medication, electroconvulsive therapy could be suggested as a therapeutic alternative. While preliminary research suggests that electroconvulsive therapy may be an effective treatment for depression, it usually requires a course of six to twelve sessions of convulsions lasting at least 20 seconds for those antidepressant effects to occur.
Observation and Collateral Information.
There are other essential aspects of emergency psychiatry: observation and collateral information. The observation of the patient's behavior is an important aspect of emergency psychiatry inasmuch as it allows the clinicians working with the patient to estimate prognosis and improvements/declines in condition. Many jurisdictions base involuntary commitment on dangerousness or the inability to care for one's basic needs. Observation for a period of time may help determine this. For example, if a patient who is committed for violent behavior in the community, continues to behave in an erratic manner without clear purpose, this will help the staff decide that hospital admission may be needed. 
Collateral information or parallel information is information obtained from family, friends or treatment providers of the patient. Some jurisdictions require consent from the patient to obtain this information while others do not. For example, with a patient who is thought to be paranoid about people following him or spying on him, this information can be helpful discern if these thoughts are more or less likely to be based in reality. Past episodes of suicide attempts or violent behavior can be confirmed or disproven.
Disposition.
Patient receive emergency services often on a time limited basis such as 24 or 72 hours. After this time, and sometimes earlier, the staff must decide the next place for the patient to receive services. This is referred to as disposition. This is one of the essential features of emergency psychiatry.
Hospital admission.
The staff will need to determine if the patient needs to be admitted to a psychiatric inpatient facility or if they can be safely discharged to the community after a period of observation and/or brief treatment. Initial emergency psychiatric evaluations usually involve patients who are acutely agitated, paranoid, or who are suicidal. Initial evaluations to determine admission and interventions are designed to be as therapeutic as possible.
Involuntary commitment.
Involuntary commitment, or sectioning, refers to situations where police officers, health officers, or health professionals classify an individual as dangerous to themselves, others, gravely disabled, or mentally ill according to the applicable government law for the region. After an individual is transported to a psychiatric emergency service setting, a preliminary professional assessment is completed which may or may not result in involuntary treatment. Some patients may be discharged shortly after being brought to psychiatric emergency services while others will require longer observation and the need for continued involuntary commitment will exist. While some patients may initially come voluntarily, it may be realized that they pose a risk to themselves or others and involuntary commitment may be initiated at that point.
Referrals and Voluntary Hospitalization.
In some locations, such as the United States, voluntary hospitalizations are outnumbered by involuntary commitments partly due to the fact that insurance tends not to pay for hospitalization unless an imminent danger exists to the individual or community. In addition, psychiatric emergency service settings admit approximately one third of patients from assertive community treatment centers. Therefore, patients who are not admitted will be referred to services in the community.

</doc>
<doc id="2923328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923328" title="Locks-and-keys">
Locks-and-keys

Locks-and-keys is a solution to dangling pointers in computer programming languages.
The locks-and-keys approach represents pointers as ordered pairs (key, address) where the key is an integer value. Heap-dynamic variables are represented as the storage for the variable plus a cell for an integer. When a variable is allocated, a "lock value" is created and placed both into the variable's cell and into the variable's ordered pair. Every access to the pointer compares these two values, and access is allowed only if the values match.
When a variable is deallocated, the key of its ordered pair is modified to hold a value different from the variable's cell. From then on, any attempt to dereference the pointer can be flagged as an error. Since copying a pointer also copies its cell value, changing the key of the ordered pair safely disables all copies of the pointer.

</doc>
<doc id="2923337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923337" title="Fulk FitzWarin">
Fulk FitzWarin

Fulk III FitzWarin (c. 1160–1258) ("alias" Fulke, Fouke, FitzWaryn, FitzWarren, Fitz Warine, etc., Latinised to "Fulco Filius Warini", "Fulk son of Warin") was a powerful marcher lord seated at Whittington Castle in Shropshire in England on the border with Wales, and also at Alveston in Gloucestershire. He rebelled against King John (1199-1216) from 1200 to 1203, mainly over a dispute concerning his familial right to Whittington Castle, and was declared an outlaw. 
He was the subject of the famous mediaeval legend or "ancestral romance" entitled "Fouke le Fitz Waryn", which relates the story of his life as an outlaw and his struggle to regain his patrimony from the king. He founded, between 1221 and 1226, Alberbury Priory in Shropshire which he granted to the Augustinian canons of Lilleshall but later transferred to the Order of Grandmont. His grandson was Fulk V FitzWarin, 1st Baron FitzWarin (1251-1315).
Origins.
Fulk III was the son of Fulk II FitzWarin (died 1197) by his wife Hawise le Dinan, a daughter and 
co-heiress of Josce de Dinan. Fulk II was a marcher lord of Shropshire, the son and heir of Fulk I FitzWarin (d.1170/1) of Whittington and Alveston, who himself was the son of (i.e. in Norman French "Fitz", in modern French "fils de") the family's earliest known ancestor, thus deemed the family patriarch, "Warin of Metz", from Lorraine.
Earliest ancestry.
Warin of Metz the patriarch is however a "shadowy or mythical figure", about whom little is certain. The later mediaeval romance "Fouke le Fitz Waryn" gives his name as "Warin de Metz". Whatever his true place of origin it is however generally believed that the head of the Warin family came to England during the reign of William the Conqueror (1066-1087). Neither the father nor his sons were during that reign tenants-in-chief, that is to say important vassals or feudal barons, rather their grants of lands were obtained from later kings.
Fulk I (d.1170/1) was rewarded by King Henry II (1154-1189) for his support of his mother Empress Matilda in her civil war with King Stephen (1135-1154) and conferred to him in 1153 the royal manor of Alveston in Gloucestershire and in 1149 the manor of Whadborough in Leicestershire. Fulk II held those properties after the death of his father in 1171.
Career.
Land dispute.
At some time before 1178 Fulk II (d.1197) married Hawise de Dinan, a wealthy heiress, a daughter and co-heiress of Josce de Dinan, who held Ludlow Castle in the Welsh marches for the Empress Matilda during the civil war between herself and King Stephen. Throughout his lifetime he encountered numerous problems in receiving his patrimony and his other claims to land. These land disputes included estates his father held in-chief from the crown and others which he had held from the Peverel family as overlords.
Other lawsuits concerned Whittington Castle held by the Peverels during the reign of King Stephen. Although he won the right to Whittington in or about 1195, he never received formal legal "seisin" and it remained in Welsh hands at the time of his death in 1197.
Whittington Castle lies on the English side of Offa's Dyke, which during the Norman era and before was the border between England and Wales. The site was fortified as a castle by William Peverel in 1138, in support of Empress Matilda, the daughter of King Henry I (1100-1135), in her struggle (known as The Anarchy) for the throne against King Stephen (1135-1154), grandson of William the Conqueror. In the late 1140s the lordship of Whittington, like Oswestry and Overton ceased to be part of England and became part of the Kingdom of Powys and a Welsh marcher lordship. In 1165 Henry II granted the castle of Whittington on Roger de Powis, a Welsh leader, to whom he gave funds for its repair in about 1173. Roger de Powis was followed by his son Meurig (or Maurice), who was followed by his son Werennoc. A rival claim was made by Fulk III FitzWarin (c. 1160–1258).
Rebellions.
Fulk III continued the claim to Whittington made by his father. After his father's death in 1197 Fulk III offered relief of £100 for the inheritance of Whittington. However Maurice of Powis (d.1200), the son of Roger of Powis, who had offered half that amount, on 11 April 1200 was granted Whittington by King John. Again, after Maurice's death in August 1200, King John granted it to Maurice's heirs.
It is not known why King John refused to recognise Fulk's claim to Whittington as his rightful inheritance but by April 1201 Fulk was in open rebellion against the King. He was accompanied by approximately fifty-two followers including his brothers William, Phillip and John, his cousins, and by the family's many tenants and allies in the Marches. 
Fulk's rebellion is not related in detail by chroniclers but was clearly considerable as in the spring of 1201, while King John crossed into Normandy and Poitou to suppress a revolt by the Lusignans, he ordered Hubert de Burgh, with 100 knights, to counter the rebellion of Fulk and William Marsh, a Somersetshire knight who was raiding shipping off the coast of Devon.
In July 1202 Fulk and his men are reported to have taken refuge in Stanley Abbey in Wiltshire. Another man, Gilbert de Duure, is mentioned in records as "...having been an outlaw associated with Fulk Fitz Warin". Yet another, Eustace de Kivilly, was pardoned earlier in 1202 by King John for "being associated with Fulk".
After many years of being an outlaw, on 11 November 1203 Fulk was pardoned together with over thirty of his followers, including his brothers William, Phillip and John and his cousins. In October 1204, on payment of a fine of 200 marks, Fulk at last received "right and inheritance" in Whittington. Whittington Castle thereafter descended in the FitzWarin family, all subsequent holders bearing the first-name Fulk, until the death of Fulk XI FitzWarin, 7th Baron FitzWarin (1405-1420) in 1420.
In 1207 Fulk III was clearly highly regarded by many of the king's barons as evidenced by the identity of men known to have provided surety for Fulk's fine of 1,200 marks to marry the heiress daughter of Robert le Vavasur. The suretors included the Peverels, Alan Basset, William de Braose (d.1230), a de Lacy, William Longespée, 3rd Earl of Salisbury and Henry de Bohun, 1st Earl of Hereford.
On 9 February 1214, when King John again set sail for Poitou, Fulk was among the barons who accompanied him. He is believed then to have been a vassal of Geoffrey de Mandeville, Earl of Gloucester.
In 1215 Fulk was one of many giving great trouble to the Sheriff of Shropshire. Before 1216 and the accession of the infant King Henry III (1216-1272), John's son, Fulk's manor of Alveston had been seized by the crown and in the following year 1217 all of his other lands in Gloucestershire were likewise seized. By 1218 however Fulk had made peace and his lands were ordered restored by the regents of Henry III.
By 1220 Fulk had regained some favour with the young King Henry III and had been allowed to rebuild and fortify Whittington. In 1223 however it fell to Llywelyn the Great, prince of Wales. Fulk regained it the following year although his disputes with Llywelyn continued and more of Fulk's lands were seized.
By 1228 a truce seems to have been reached between Fulk and Llywelyn following the intervention of the king.
Throughout these years Fulk's relations with the King were changeable and seemed to be directly dependent on the state of affairs in Wales. As a marcher lord Fulk's role as a protector of the English border against the Welsh was vital to the English King. He arbitrated several border disputes on behalf of the King and although there were more personal disagreements, there were no more rebellions on the part of Fulk III.
Marriages and progeny.
Fulk III FitzWarin married twice:
Death & burial.
Fulk III lived to a great age and at some time before his death in 1258, he handed over control of much of his responsibilities to his son and heir Fulk IV. In 1252 he made his will in which he stated his wish to be buried at the priory he founded, Alberbury Priory.
Romance of "Fouke le Fitz Waryn".
After Foulk's death he became the subject the famous "ancestral romance" known as Fouke le Fitz Waryn, which contains a highly embellished account of his life and family history.
The biography of Fulk III survives in a French prose "ancestral romance", extant in a manuscript containing English, French and Latin texts, which is based on a lost verse romance. A 16th-century summary of a Middle English version has also been preserved. The work is part of the Matter of England. The outline of the work is as follows. As a young boy, Fulk was sent to the court of King Henry II (1154-1189), where he grew up with the king's younger son, the future King John (1199-1216). John became his enemy after a childhood quarrel during a game of chess. As an adult, King John retained his animosity toward Fulk whom he stripped of his ancestral holdings. Fulk thereupon took to the woods as an outlaw and lived a life of adventure. The story may in fact have confused aspects of the lives of two FitzWarins, Fulk I (d. 1171) and Fulk II (d. 1197), father and son. The romance of Fulk FitzWarin is noted for its parallels to the legend of Robin Hood.

</doc>
<doc id="2923347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923347" title="List of Polish sports players">
List of Polish sports players

Note: Names that cannot be confirmed in Wikipedia database nor through given sources are subject to removal. If you would like to add a new name please consider writing about the player first.
"This is a partial list of Polish sports players." 

</doc>
<doc id="2923362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923362" title="Polyushko-polye">
Polyushko-polye

Polyushko-polye () is a Soviet Russian-language song. "Polye" means "field" in Russian, ""polyushko"" is a diminutive/hypocoristic form for ""polye"". It is known as "Meadowland" or "Meadowlands" in English.
Soviet arrangements.
The music was by Lev Knipper, with lyrics by Viktor Gusev in 1933. The song was part of the symphony with chorus (lyrics by Gusev) "A Poem about a Komsomol Soldier" (Поэма о бойце-комсомольце) composed in 1934. The original lyrics are sung from the perspective of a Red Army recruit, who proudly leaves his home to keep watch against his homeland's enemies.
The song was covered many times by many artists in the Soviet Union, including a well-known rock version recorded by The Singing Guitars (), released c. 1967. The song has been regularly performed and recorded by the Alexandrov Ensemble, and it is listed in the Alexandrov Ensemble discography.
Full version at London 1945 Youth Congress.
At the opening of the London 1945 Youth Congress, the full version of "Polyushko-polye" was performed by a chord of 6.000 members. The music for this performance was composed by musician L. A. Stokovsky, based on the originial music of L. Knipper.
Other arrangements.
Outside Russia, several arrangements of the tune are known under the title "The Cossack Patrol", particularly a version by Ivan Rebroff, and some under other titles including "Meadowland", "Cavalry of the Steppes" and "Gone with the Wind".
In France, a French version called "Plaine, ma plaine" was made famous during the 1960' by the male choir Les Compagnons de la chanson, from lyrics written by the French actor Francis Blanche. 
Origa, a Russian singer based in Japan, released her own version with altered lyrics in 1998.
Cultural influence.
It was used to very dramatic effect in the 1967 film "The Russians Are Coming, the Russians Are Coming". Michael Palin notably performed the song with the choir of the Russian Pacific Fleet in the television series "Full Circle with Michael Palin". The song can be heard in the background of the movie "Cast Away" and in an episode in "Airwolf" ("Proof Through The Night"); and is the opening title of Aki Kaurismäki's film "Leningrad Cowboys Go America". The song is also covered instrumentally by The Shadows, and on Hammond organ by Grace Slick on Jefferson Airplane's 1969 album "Volunteers" as an interlude between A Song For All Seasons and the title track.
The song is also the basis for a Glenn Miller and Jerry Gray song called "Russian Patrol" or "The Red Cavalry March".
Blackmore's Night's "Gone with the Wind" (1999) is an adaptation of "Polyushko Polye".
A wordless version is sung by a boys choir on the Disney album "It's a Small World".
Theodore Bikel sung this song as the opening number from "Bikel on Tour" (1963).
The Hassles used "Polyushko Polye" theme in the song "It's Not Enough" (Album "The Hussles", 1967; "It's Not Enough" was included into 1992 Re-issued Bonus Tracks).
The song is also the basis for a Marc Almond song called "So Long the Path (So Wide the Field)" featured on his 2003 album of Russian Songs "Heart On Snow".
The song has also been made popular and sometimes mandatory in Swedish student contexts, after its initial introduction in the student theatre "Katarina II" (performed by "Chalmersspexet"). In such situations, it is commonly referred to as "Livet" or "Livet är härligt". As a consequence, the pianist of said theatre, Jan Johansson, later performs same song under the title "Stepp, min stepp" in the 1967 album "Jazz på ryska" ("Jazz in Russian").
The Swedish guitarist Bo Winberg adapted this song into the song "Rocket Man" which was originally played by his band, The Spotnicks, a Swedish instrumental rock group.
An 8-bit instrumental version of the song is played on early stages of the game Tetris (the 1980s Spectrum-Holobyte edition), which may be its most famous use in the West.
The song also featured in a trailer for the game World in Conflict and a composition can be found in the MMO World of Tanks as well.
The song was adapted and recorded in 2012 by the International Space Orchestra and Choir under a new name, "The Kepler Aria". New lyrics were provided by Bruce Sterling and Jasmina Tesanovic and the arrangement done by ISO musical director, Evan Price.

</doc>
<doc id="2923365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923365" title="Saint-Martin-de-Crau">
Saint-Martin-de-Crau

Saint-Martin-de-Crau is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in southern France. Inhabitants are called "Saint-Martinois".
Population.
Saint-Martin-de-Crau has the lowest population density of all communes in metropolitan France that have a population exceeding 10,000 inhabitants. With a land area of 214.87 km² (82.962 sq mi), it is the fifth-largest commune in geographic area in metropolitan France (after Arles, Saintes-Maries-de-la-Mer, Laruns, and Marseille).
Twin towns.
Saint-Martin-de-Crau is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="2923376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923376" title="Toys for Tots">
Toys for Tots

Toys for Tots is a program run by the United States Marine Corps Reserve which distributes toys to children whose parents cannot afford to buy them gifts for Christmas. The program was founded in 1947 by reservist Major Bill Hendricks.
The Marine Toys for Tots Foundation, a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit public charity located in Triangle, Virginia, serves to fund, raise funds for, and support the program.
History.
Toys for Tots began as a Los Angeles charitable effort in 1947. Major Bill Hendricks, USMCR, was inspired by his wife Diane when she tried to donate a homemade Raggedy Ann doll to a needy child but could find no organization to do so. At her suggestion, he gathered a group of local Marine reservists, including Lieutenant Colonel John Hampton, who coordinated and collected some 5,000 toys for local children that year from collection bins placed outside of Warner Bros. movie theaters. Their efforts were so successful that, in 1948, Toys for Tots was launched as a national campaign. Hendricks used his position as director of Public Relations for Warner Brothers Studio to enlist celebrity support, as well as have Walt Disney Studios design the red toy train logo.
Until 1979, Marine reservists (frequently in their dress blue uniforms) and volunteers would collect and refurbish used toys. In 1980, only new toys were accepted, as reservists were no longer able to dedicate drill hours to refurbish toys, as well as legal concerns and the mixed message of giving hand-me-downs as a message of hope.
In 1991, the Secretary of Defense authorized the creation and affiliation with the non-profit charity foundation. In 1995, the Secretary of Defense approved Toys for Tots as an official mission of the Marine Corps Reserve.
Noting in 1996 that many communities did not have a Marine reservist presence, the commander of the Marine Forces Reserve authorized Marine Corps League detachments and other local organizations to fill the gaps in toy collection and distribution. 
In 2009, the program received support from First Lady Michelle Obama, who placed the first collection box at the White House. In December 2011, she took part in a Toys for Tots activity at Joint Base Anacostia-Bolling.
As of 2013, the Toys for Tots Program and Foundation have collected and distributed more than 469 million toys.
Mission.
The mission of the program "is to collect new, unwrapped toys during October, November and December each year, and distribute those toys as Christmas gifts to needy children in the community in which the campaign is conducted."
The stated goal is to "deliver, through a new toy at Christmas, a message of hope to less fortunate youngsters that will assist them in becoming responsible, productive, patriotic citizens."

</doc>
<doc id="2923377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923377" title="Helium line ratio">
Helium line ratio

The brightness of an atomic spectral line emitted by atoms in a gas (or plasma) can be proportional to the gas's temperature, pressure or a weighted sum of both.
Due to the completeness and accuracy of collisional radiative models for helium the temperature and density of plasmas which have helium present can be measured by taking ratios of the emission intensities of various atomic spectral lines.

</doc>
<doc id="2923382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923382" title="Esther Kenworthy Waterhouse">
Esther Kenworthy Waterhouse

Esther Kenworthy Waterhouse (1857–1944), born Esther Maria Kenworthy, was a British artist who exhibited her flower-paintings at the Royal Academy and elsewhere. 
She was the daughter of James Lees Kenworthy, an artist and schoolmaster from Ealing, in West London; and Elizabeth, a school-mistress.
She married fellow artist John William Waterhouse at the parish church in Ealing, in 1883, and thereafter used the name Esther Kenworthy Waterhouse. They had two children, but both died in childhood. Initially, they lived in a purpose built artistic colony in Primrose Hill, where the houses had studios. In around 1900, they moved to St John's Wood.
She is buried, along with her husband, at Kensal Green Cemetery.
Waterhouse's portrait of her is now owned by Sheffield City Art Galleries.

</doc>
<doc id="2923388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923388" title="Barbital">
Barbital

Barbital (as known in the United States) or barbitone (as known elsewhere), marketed under the brand names Veronal for the pure acid and Medinal for the sodium salt, was the first commercially available barbiturate. It was used as a sleeping aid (hypnotic) from 1903 until the mid-1950s. The chemical names for barbitone are diethylmalonyl urea or diethylbarbituric acid; hence, the sodium salt (known as medinal, a genericised trademark in the United Kingdom), is known also as sodium diethylbarbiturate. Barbitone was prepared by condensing diethylmalonic ester with urea in the presence of sodium ethoxide, and then by adding at least two molar equivalents of ethyl iodide to the silver salt of malonylurea or possibly to a basic solution of the acid. The result was an odorless, slightly bitter, white crystalline powder.
Synthesis.
Barbitone was first synthesized in 1902 by German chemists Emil Fischer and Joseph von Mering. They published their discovery in 1903 and it was marketed in 1904 by the Bayer company as “Veronal”. A soluble salt of barbitone was marketed by the Schering company as “Medinal.” It was dispensed for “insomnia induced by nervous excitability”. It was provided in either capsules or cachets. The therapeutic dose was ten to fifteen grains (0.65-0.97 grams). 3.5 to 4.4 grams is the deadly dose but sleep has also been prolonged up to ten days with recovery.
Barbitone can be synthesized in a condensation reaction from urea and diethyl-2,2-diethylmalonate, a diethyl malonate derivative:
Pharmacology.
Barbitone was considered to be a great improvement over the existing hypnotics. Its taste was slightly bitter, but an improvement over the strong, unpleasant taste of the commonly used bromides. It had few side effects. Its therapeutic dose was far below the toxic dose. However, prolonged usage resulted in tolerance to the drug, requiring higher doses to reach the desired effect. Fatal overdoses of this slow acting hypnotic were not uncommon. Pioneering aviator Arthur Whitten Brown (of "Alcock and Brown" fame) died of an accidental overdose.

</doc>
<doc id="2923395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923395" title="Doug Glanville">
Doug Glanville

Douglas Metunwa Glanville (born August 25, 1970) is a former American Major League Baseball outfielder who played for the Philadelphia Phillies, Chicago Cubs, and the Texas Rangers.
In Glanville batted .325, and placed second in the National League to Luis Gonzalez in hits, with 204. Glanville was also known as an exceptional fielder, reaching double-digit outfield assists on three separate occasions. He also ended his career going 293 consecutive games without a fielding error. In Game 3 of the 2003 NL Championship series, Glanville hit the game-winning triple in the 11th inning for the Chicago Cubs. 
In , with no immediate prospects of joining a major league roster, Glanville signed a one-day minor league contract with Philadelphia, then retired, having collected exactly 1100 career hits. He stated he wanted to leave baseball wearing the uniform of the team that he grew up a fan of, and to which he gave most of his playing career. 
Glanville is currently a consultant with Baseball Factory, a high-school player development program. He writes guest columns for "The New York Times" and ESPN.com on baseball and sports in general. On April 1, 2010, Glanville joined ESPN as a baseball color analyst. He contributes to "Baseball Tonight", ESPN Radio, ESPN.com, and "ESPN The Magazine".
Background.
Glanville grew up in Teaneck, New Jersey, where he attended Teaneck High School. He was a childhood friend of former New Jersey Nets head coach Lawrence Frank. Glanville attended the University of Pennsylvania, where he majored in systems engineering. He is one of only five Penn alumni to play in Major League Baseball since 1951. He is an avid MMOG (Massively multiplayer online game) player along with former teammate Curt Schilling.
Glanville played center field for the Indios de Mayagüez for 2 seasons, in his first season he was named MVP of the Puerto Rico Winter League over Roberto Alomar. 
Doug Glanville will be best remembered for his 1999 season in which he batted .325 and hit 11 homers while driving in 73 runs and stealing 34 bases.
Business activities.
After leaving baseball, Glanville served as managing partner for Metropolitan Development. 
Currently, Glanville is President of GK Alliance, LLC, a Glen Ellyn, Illinois based company providing intellectual capital for start-up and emerging companies. In his role with GK Alliance, he serves as Director, New Business Initiative for both James Romes Consulting and MechTechnologies, and President of Glanville-Koshul Homes.
Writing activities.
Since January 2008 Glanville has been writing articles for the New York Times. In December of that year, in an interview with Jimmy Scott, he said that he was writing a book similar to his New York Times column. 
On May 9, 2009, Glanville wrote an Op-Ed article in "The New York Times" regarding his choice to not use steroids during his baseball days. The article compares the decision to Neo's choosing between blue and red pills in the movie The Matrix. Glanville wrote that thoughts of his mother kept him from abusing PEDs. In an online "New York Times" article of January 21, 2010, Glanville responded to Mark McGwire's admission that he used steroids. 
Glanville's book "The Game From Where I Stand" (ISBN 0805091599) was published by Times Books in May 2010. Buzz Bissinger called it "a book of uncommon grace and elegance...filled with insight and a certain kind of poetry." 
In April 2014 Glanville wrote an article in the Atlantic on a racial-profiling experience.

</doc>
<doc id="2923417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923417" title="Interprime">
Interprime

In mathematics, an interprime is the average of two consecutive odd primes. For example, 9 is an interprime because it is the average of 7 and 11. The first interprimes are:
Interprimes cannot be prime themselves (otherwise the primes would not have been consecutive).
There are infinitely many primes and therefore also infinitely many interprimes. The largest known interprime may be the 100355-digit "n" = 65516468355 · 2333333, where "n" ± 1 is the largest known twin prime.

</doc>
<doc id="2923436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923436" title="Rousset">
Rousset

Rousset is the name or part of the name of several communes in France:
Rousset, person:
Other uses

</doc>
<doc id="2923455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923455" title="Bicycle trainer">
Bicycle trainer

A trainer, or turbo trainer, is a piece of equipment that makes it possible to ride a bicycle while it remains stationary. They are commonly used to warm up before races, or when riding conditions outside are not favorable. Using a trainer indoors allows the rider to perform other activities while riding, such as watching TV, without risk of injury.
Operation.
A trainer consists of a frame, a clamp to hold the bicycle securely, a roller that presses up against the rear wheel, and a mechanism that provides resistance when the pedals are turned. In a wind trainer, the roller drives fan blades that create air resistance. These are typically the least expensive and noisiest trainers. Magnetic trainers have magnets that resist each other, and are moderately expensive and moderately noisy. Some magnetic trainers have handlebar-mounted control boxes to change the level of resistance during a training session. Fluid trainers use liquid-filled chambers to create resistance. They are the most expensive and quietest trainers. A small number of trainers use a centrifugal pressure mechanism to create resistance, involving pressure plates, ball bearings and specially shaped grooves. These are similar to fluid trainers in price and performance.
Function.
Trainers make it possible to build bicycle skills and power very efficiently in a highly controlled environment, without the unavoidable interruptions of outdoor riding. For instance, in hill training, instead of being limited to whatever hills are around one's home, one can simulate any size and steepness. Trainers provide better preparation for racing than stationary bicycles. Trainers require better technique than stationary bicycles, and they provide a more realistic-feeling ride. The geometry and resulting body position of a stationary bicycle may be significantly different from a racing bike; of course, if one uses the racing bike itself in an indoor trainer, the body position is nearly identical.
Some trainers are equipped with sensors that monitor the rider's performance. Power output, cadence, virtual speed and heart rate are among the metrics that can be transmitted electronically. Analyzing these figures can help to fine-tune the athlete's training.
Types of trainers.
Bicycle trainers are categorized by how the unit provides resistance.
Usually all trainers can be adjusted for most sizes of road and mountain bikes. However, knobby tires can cause vibration and noise, defeating the purpose of noiseless units.

</doc>
<doc id="2923472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923472" title="Thea (TV series)">
Thea (TV series)

Thea is an American sitcom that premiered September 3, 1993 on ABC, and last aired on February 14, 1994, for a total of 19 episodes. Starring comedienne Thea Vidale, the series marked the first time an African American female comedienne was the star of a series named after her.
Synopsis.
Thea Vidale starred as the sassy Thea Turrell (known for her trademark one-liner of ""See ya!""), a widowed mother of 4 who works in a Houston, Texas supermarket by day and runs a 1-chair beauty salon on the corner of her porch in the evenings.
The show was the first to feature Brandy Norwood, who later went on to become a Grammy-winning singer and the star of her own sitcom, "Moesha", (with Yvette Wilson as a member of the supporting cast).
Although the show garnered high ratings at first, ratings steadily fell, and the series was canceled after only 19 episodes. It ended the season in 43rd place.
Syndication.
Reruns of the show returned on BET in May 2008 on Mother's Day. However, a few months later the reruns ceased to air.

</doc>
<doc id="2923476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923476" title="ØØ Void">
ØØ Void

ØØ Void (pronounced in interviews as "Double-O Void") is the debut studio album by Sunn O))). The album was recorded to 24 track 2" tape at Grandmaster studios in Hollywood, a large step forward in production values from the band's demo "The Grimmrobe Demo's".
The third track, "Rabbits' Revenge", is an interpretation of an early version of the song "Hung Bunny" by the Melvins from the album "Lysol".
In 2008, "ØØ Void" was reissued through Japanese record label Daymare Recordings. The reissue is a two-disc set, with the first disc containing all of the original tracks from "ØØ Void" and the second disc containing a collaboration between Sunn O))) and experimental/industrial group Nurse with Wound.

</doc>
<doc id="2923504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923504" title="The Wild Women of Wongo">
The Wild Women of Wongo

The Wild Women of Wongo is a 1958 American film directed by James L. Wolcott, featuring low budget, stereotypical portrayals of fictional tropical islanders. The movie was released on DVD in 2004.
Plot summary.
The film starts with narration from Mother Nature discussing an experiment with Father Time that went wrong. On the (fictional) island of Wongo she created a tribe where the men are brutish and ugly and the women are beautiful. She then creates a tribe on a nearby island where the women are repulsive and the men are strong and handsome. For years the two tribes lived unaware of each other's existence, until ape men from across the ocean attack the village of handsome men. This tribe sends their king's son to seek help against the invaders. The son finds the island of Wongo, the day before the village men pick their brides. The women, seeing the handsome prince, begin questioning their life among the brutes that dwell in the village. The men grow jealous of their visitor and plot to kill him. The women of Wongo, finding out about this, risk their lives to protect the prince, and in doing so offend the crocodile god of the Wongo people (portrayed by stock footage of a crocodilian and a rubber model). The women are rounded up by the village men and are sent out into the wilderness until the reptile god has drawn blood for the insult. The women band together, watching each other's backs until the ape men arrive at their village and, after they dispatch the invaders to the god, leave in search for the men that had abandoned the island. In the other village the men have just begun their rite of manhood, in which they go into the jungle, without weapons, for a month. The women of Wongo, coming upon the weaponless men, decide to take advantage of their helplessness and, one by one, claim them in marriage. The film concludes with all the beautiful men and women married, and the ugly men with the ugly women.
Former Wales rugby union international Rex Richards appears as the King of Wongo.
In other media.
The movie was featured in an episode of Ed the Sock's "This Movie Sucks!"
The movie was featured in the movie Screwballs.

</doc>
<doc id="2923506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923506" title="Bernadette Roberts">
Bernadette Roberts

Bernadette Roberts (born 1931) is a former Carmelite nun and a contemplative in the Catholic tradition.
Life.
Since early childhood Roberts had a number of experiences which she interprets as revelations of God — as present in nature, as within her, and as entirely transcendent. She entered the Carmelite order in her early teens. Soon afterwards, she experienced the spiritual deepening of the "dark nights" described by Saint John of the Cross. She recounts that when she was 18, a new novice mistress asked her about her prayer life, "so I told her: I do nothing; there is just silence. This astounded and upset her" ("Path to No-Self", p. 57). Her superior believed Roberts to be deceived, possibly even to be under the influence of Satan and falling into the heresy of Quietism. But her reading of John of the Cross convinced Roberts that her experiences were valid and that she could trust in the journey so carefully described by the saint. Roberts distinguishes between the mystic's journey to God and the contemplative path, saying of Teresa of Ávila, "she was a mystic and I, a common contemplative". Teresa of Ávila's writings did not resonate as much with Roberts as the writings of John of the Cross who emphasized the path of naked faith and warned contemplatives to be wary of mystical visions and revelations.
After spending 10 years as a cloistered nun, Roberts left the Carmelite order with permission from her superiors. She married, raised four children and lived an ordinary life with God "in the marketplace". She remarks that this particular stage of life is characterized most of all by the intense and outward leap of the "living flame" within.
Importance.
Roberts writes about her journey to foreground an event that she refers to as "no-self" — the ending of all "self-consciousness" and the revelation of what remains beyond self. She distinguishes between two major milestones in the spiritual journey. 
The first of these, the "unitive" state, is the breakthrough of God at the center, followed by a permanent and abiding union in which God becomes the "other half" that completes a person as a human being. This milestone is well known in the Catholic contemplative literature, as well as in other religious traditions, and marks the beginning of a person's mature life as a human being. According to Roberts, this first milestone is often mistaken for the end of the spiritual journey. 
The most important element of Roberts' discovery is that there is a further stage in the contemplative journey beyond that of the unitive state. Roberts describes this passage as heading into the complete unknown. This is where the map ends as far as the well-worn path of Catholic mysticism as historically described. Roberts discovered this passage — "the path to no-self" — accidentally and describes it as a "falling away" of the unitive centre. However, she believes that other contemplatives also walked the path of the dissolution of self, notably Meister Eckhart, and perhaps John of the Cross himself, who may have been unable to speak of it. Her book "The Experience of No-Self" describes the journey through this passage in an experiential and autobiographical way, while the following two books are attempts to describe and unpack the experience of no-self for the reader. 
"What is Self?" Roberts has understood the answer to this perennial question experientially. She describes the experiences as the process of human maturation but a maturity that is only possible through God's grace. The ego and self are both self-reflexive and dualistic modes of psychological functioning based on the subtle process of mental discriminating judgment, a process that is inherently built into the structure of the psyche. Her understanding of the spiritual path can be seen as the relationship between self and God, but it is the unveiling of the truth of this relationship where the profundity lies. For the Western tradition in general, Roberts is quite radical: unlike Eastern traditions, there was no human Master or Teacher to introduce her to this state. 
Brief overview of the journey.
The ego, matured through life experience and spiritual practice, falls away to reveal the unitive state, the oneness or wholeness of the self in unity with God, a state characterized by the feelings of love and subtle ecstasy. This was the end of the Christian journey — or so Roberts initially believed — and from this point we can see where Roberts travels beyond the limits of doctrinal Christianity. The self of the mature human in a state of union with God also falls away. This is the import of Roberts' work. So what does this mean and what is left when there is no-self? Fundamentally the unitive state is still a form of dualism — self and God — it means that an idea or archetype of God is still captured by the psyche. Fundamentally this unitive state is nondualistic - in which the self and God "are" One, not two - "I and my Father "are" One," one without a second, without even the concept of one. Roberts experiences the falling away of the idea of God simultaneously with the experience of the falling away of self — when there is no self, there is no God. For someone wholly devoted to the spiritual life and to God, to discover that there is no God, not one iota of subtle conception of God left to grasp at or attach to, was a particularly horrendous and terrible experience and is described in detail in "the experience of no-self". The experience is of a raw, pure and unadulterated reality without the imposition of concepts and ideas. Gradually this state, this initial loss, cleared to become a profound understanding of reality itself. In place of "unity" with God comes identity with God — a state she calls seeing with God's own eyes. But neither the ego-based sense nor the spiritualized self is "God". Instead, God is Reality itself, of which the human person is a single cell.
Summary.
Roberts had not realized that there was a spiritual conception of "no-self" because it was not part of her traditional contemplative framework. It was only after she had the experience that she decided to research the phenomenon in other spiritual traditions, particularly Buddhism. She discusses her discovery of the Buddhist categorisation of the five Skandhas ("What is Self?", pp 114–117, 2005) where she states; "Together the five Skandhas constitute the true nature of self; their experience is the entire self-experience including the experience of the divine." (WIS p114-115) She believes Buddhism has hold of "a profound and difficult truth" which is in her opinion, that "no-self" is the falling away or cessation of the five Skandhas. (WIS pp. 115–16)

</doc>
<doc id="2923510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923510" title="Gordon Prize">
Gordon Prize

The Bernard M. Gordon Prize was started in 2001 by the United States National Academy of Engineering. Its purpose is to recognize leaders in academia for the development of new educational approaches to engineering. Each year, the Gordon Prize awards $500,000 to the grantee, of which the recipient may personally use $250,000, and his or her institution receives $250,000 for the ongoing support of academic development. Although the Gordon Prize is relatively new, within engineering education, it is viewed by many to be the American equivalent of the Nobel Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="2923530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923530" title="Ticketron">
Ticketron

Ticketron was a computerized event ticketing technology that was in operation from the 1960s until it was purchased by Ticketmaster in 1991.
Ticketron was the name of a service created by Ticket Reservations Systems, Inc. The company changed its name to Ticketron in July, 1969. The system used terminals that it called "electronic box offices" that were located in publicly accessible locations, such as banks and department stores.
In addition to the better-known event ticketing system, Ticketron also provided ticketing terminals and back-end infrastructure for parimutuel betting, and provided similar services for a number of US lotteries, including those in New York, Pennsylvania and Maryland.
Ticketron was owned by computer maker Control Data from 1968 until 1990.
The original software resided on a pair (one for backup) of Control Data Corporation 1700 computers that were located in the basement of the Beverly Hilton Hotel. The system had back-up power generators to help ensure un-interruptable service. The system was designed to insure that a given 'seat' at an event could not be sold more than once.

</doc>
<doc id="2923544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923544" title="Fernando Nieve">
Fernando Nieve

Fernando Alexis Nieve ["knee-EH-veh"] (born July 15, 1982) is a Venezuelan professional baseball pitcher in the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim organization. He has played for the Houston Astros and New York Mets. He is a right-handed pitcher.
Baseball career.
Houston Astros.
Nieve was signed by the Houston Astros as an amateur free agent in 1999. After two seasons in the Venezuelan Summer League he came to the U.S. to play for the rookie league Martinsville Astros. He was a Texas League all-star in 2005 with the Corpus Christi Hooks, when he was 4–2 with a 2.65 ERA in 14 starts. He made his major league debut with the Houston Astros on April 4, 2006 against the Florida Marlins. He made his first start on April 16 against the Arizona Diamondbacks and picked up his first win on May 2 against the Milwaukee Brewers. He was 3–3 in 40 appearances, 11 starts with the Astros in 2006, with a 4.20 ERA. He missed the 2007 season with after undergoing Tommy John surgery and returned to appear in 11 games in 2008, all in relief and as 0–1 with an 8.44 ERA.
New York Mets.
In March 2009, Nieve was claimed off waivers by the New York Mets and was called to the major league team in June when reliever J. J. Putz was placed on the disabled list.
In, 2010, due to his early workload, Mets' TV announcers began referring to him as "Nightly" Nieve. 
He was designated for assignment on July 23, 2010.
After he was let go by the Mets He rejoined the organization and pitched in the Buffalo Bisons rotation.
Pittsburgh Pirates.
On December 1, 2010, Nieve signed a minor league contract with the Pittsburgh Pirates, which included an invite to spring training. He was released by the Pirates on March 22, 2011.
Return to Astros.
On March 24, 2011, Nieve signed a minor league contract with the Houston Astros. He was released a month later.
Doosan Bears.
After being granted his release by the Astros on April 27, 2011, Nieve signed with the Doosan Bears in South Korea.
Los Angeles Dodgers.
He signed a minor league contract with the Los Angeles Dodgers in December 2011. He was assigned to the AAA Albuquerque Isotopes. He made 25 starts for the Isotopes and was 7-9 with a 5.96 ERA.
Cleveland Indians.
Nieve was a non-roster invitee to the Indians' spring training camp in 2013. His contract was purchased by the Indians on April 21, 2013. He was designated for assignment the next day without making an appearance.
Oakland Athletics.
Nieve was traded to the Oakland Athletics for cash considerations on August 3, 2013. He was assigned to the AAA Sacramento RiverCats. He became a free agent on October 1. He re-signed on November 18, 2013.
Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim.
On June 13, 2014, Nieve signed a minor league deal with the Angels.

</doc>
<doc id="2923551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923551" title="River Canard, Ontario">
River Canard, Ontario

River Canard is a hamlet of roughly 500 people in the north part of Amherstburg, Ontario and the southern part of Lasalle, Ontario, Canada, approximately 12 miles south of Windsor, Ontario, situated on the Canard River. It is home to an attractive French-Canadian church, similar to St. Joachim Church in Lakeshore (now closed), and Ste. Anne's Church in Tecumseh. The town also contains a bowstring arch bridge that carries Essex County Road 8 over the Canard River.
Originally named Rivière aux Canards ("Duck River"), the community is home to one of the last vestiges of the French-speaking inhabitants of the Detroit River region, settled from France and Quebec in the 18th century. At St. Joseph's parish, one can still (2007) hear the mass in French.
A small subdivision in River Canard is called Beneteau Drive. The Beneteau family had named the side streets "David," "Lydia," and "Ryan," presumably for family members. There are many children living in the subdivision, since St Joseph school is nearby. 
On most maps, River Canard is shown at the junction of Essex County Roads 3 and 20 (Former Kings Highway 18).
River Canard was the site of an engagement between British and American forces on July 16, 1812, during the War of 1812. An American force of 280 men under Colonels Cass and Miller skirmished with British troops near the bridge. Two British soldiers, James Hancock and John Dean were captured. Hancock would die of his wounds later in the day, becoming the first British casualty of the war. Dean was taken prisoner to Detroit where his left arm was amputated due to wounds. He would be liberated with the capture of Fort Detroit by the British one month later.
History.
River Canard is one of the oldest European settlements in North America. A reasonable history of the area appears in The Windsor Border Region: Canada's Southernmost Frontier, edited by Ernest J. Lajeunesse, C.S.B. and published by The Champlain Society for the Government of Ontario, University of Toronto Press, 1960.
See also Jack Cecillon, Prayers, Petitions and Protests: The Catholic Church and the Ontario Schools Crisis in the Windsor Border Region, 1910-1928, Montreal: McGill Queen`s University Press, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="2923566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923566" title="United States lightship Huron (LV-103)">
United States lightship Huron (LV-103)

The United States lightship "Huron" (LV-103) is a lightvessel that was launched in 1920. She is now a museum ship moored in Pine Grove Park, Port Huron, St. Clair County, Michigan.
Great Lakes lightships.
"Huron" is one of many lightvessels that plied the waters of the Great Lakes.
In 1832 the first lightship on the Great Lakes was placed at Waugoshance Shoal. That wooden light ship was the "Lois McLain". In 1851 she was replaced by the Waugoshance Light, which is at one of the most hazardous areas near the Straits of Mackinac, Michigan.
In Lake Huron, "Huron" was the third ship to be placed at Corsica Shoals, a station established in 1893, replacing a gas buoy that was "somewhat ineffective". Three vessels bore the designation of "Huron" Lightship' from 1893 to 1970. The first was "Lightship No. 61", a wooden-hulled ship, painted red with white lettering saying "Corsica Shoals" on her sides. "Lightship No. 61" served from September 1893 until 1921. She was lost during the November Great Lakes Storm of 1913, which destroyed at least 12 ships and over 250 lives, when she was torn from her moorings and forced onto Point Edward on the Canadian shore. The grounding of "Lightship No. 61" was a contributing factor in the loss of the "Matthew Andrews" at Corsica Shoals. In any event, she was reclaimed and repaired, and remained in service until 1920, when she was retired and sold at auction.
In the same storm, Lightship "Buffalo" (LV-82) foundered near Buffalo in Lake Erie, with the loss of six lives. See Shipwrecks of the 1913 Great Lakes storm and List of victims of the 1913 Great Lakes storm. "Buffalo" was salvaged and saw service with the Coast Guard until 1936.
In 1921, Lightship No. 61 was replaced by Lightship No. 96, the first vessel to actually be called "Huron" Lightship.
In 1925, there were ten lightvessels on the Great Lakes. Fifteen years later, only "Huron" remained.
A list of Great Lakes lightvessel assignments is available.
Lightship No. 103 construction and service.
"Huron" was built by the Consolidated Shipbuilding Company in Morris Heights, New York. Her keel was laid in 1918 and completed at a cost of $147,428. At long, in the beam, drawing , and weighing 312 tons, Ship #103 was powered by a single compound reciprocating steam engine, driven by two coal-fired Scotch boilers. They put out .
Commissioned in 1921 as "Lightship Number 103", she operated primarily in southern Lake Huron near Port Huron and the mouth of the St. Clair River. "Huron" spent the 1924, 1925, 1926 and 1929 seasons lighting Grays Reef. She was assigned in 1934 and 1935 seasons to the North Manitou Shoal. In 1935 she was transferred to the Eleventh District for one year, seeing duty as a relief ship. In 1935, "Huron" was repainted (with "Huron" on her sides, starboard side painted red and the port side painted black) and transferred to Corsica Shoals, approximately north of the Blue Water Bridge (connecting Port Huron and Sarnia, Ontario, Canada.)
"Huron" was equipped with one acetylene lens lantern, , a steam whistle fog horn, and a hand operated bell.
After 1945 as "Huron", she was the only lightship that was painted black.
In 1948, she was refitted to diesel power with twin six-cylinder GM 6-71 engines at the Defoe Shipbuilding Company of West Bay City, Michigan. The cost was $168,000. After this conversion, her top speed was .
On 7 May 1958, Coast Guardsman Robert Gullickson perished when a wave swamped a tender from "Huron" Lightship that he was aboard. He is memorialized on the ship, as he was the only casualty during her many years of service.
On August 20, 1970, she weighed her anchor the last time from Corsica Shoal. She was decommissioned at Detroit on August 25. Upon decommissioning, she was replaced by an unmanned warning buoy light. Ownership of "Huron" was transferred to the City of Port Huron the following June.
Retirement, honors and museum service.
The ship is exceptionally well-preserved, and has an operable light and fog horn still on board. Her twin General Motors diesel engines are fully operational, having been brought back to life through the efforts of volunteer mechanics. Amateur radio station K8HLM operates from her. She is officially designated as Amateur Radio Lighthouse Society No. USA-394.
The engines suffered damage as the ship awaited transfer to state ownership. The pistons and cylinders were restored through the contributions and efforts of local companies and volunteers. They powered every part of the shift, from lighting to fog horn. To keep them in working order, they are operated every thirty days. That this is a working ship, and not just a static museum, is seen as part of its charm. 
She was the last of her kind. It is the smallest surviving lightship, and is representative of the class.

</doc>
<doc id="2923595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923595" title="Wardle Academy">
Wardle Academy

Wardle High School is a coeducational secondary school with academy status, located in Wardle, Greater Manchester, England. It was founded in September 1977.
History.
Since its inauguration, the school has gained a good reputation within the local communities of Littleborough, Rochdale and Wardle in which its students reside. Despite problems with previous management in 2004, it has now made progress in the rebuilding of the infrastructure and education and was graded highly in a recent OFSTED report. It currently has 1120+ students on roll.
The school employed Antony Bateman from 2000-2010, author of several Advanced Level Media Studies textbooks published in 2010 and 2011 by Routlege, part of the Taylor & Francis group
The school achieved Performing Arts status in 2003 which generated the standard additional financial resources due to schools with "specialist" status. The school applied for and achieved Artsmark Gold Award, it has maintained its Artsmark and is about to apply for Artsmark Gold again in the next round of applications. The school is notable for its musical provision both in house and in local Primary Schools, which has been noted in Ofsted reports. The school currently has four brass bands of different age groups, which have played at major venues such as the South Bank, Royal Festival Hall and Birmingham Symphony Hall, as well as boasting performances at the Royal Albert Hall and several Televisual credits including an appearance in 'Brassed Off' and one on Blue Peter. In April 2007 the School Youth Band won the title of National School's Champions of Great Britain and again more recently in 2011.
The school provides specialist teaching through several specialist music tutors. The music programme gives pupils practical involvement in music-making in several musical styles, including woodwind, strings, jazz, swing, choral ensembles, folk, percussion and most notably brass. Some of the buildings are due to be rebuilt as part of the Building Schools for the Future (BSF) scheme in 2012.
The school converted to academy status on 1 September 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="2923632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923632" title="Arrondissement of Arles">
Arrondissement of Arles

The arrondissement of Arles is an arrondissement of France in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. It has nine cantons and 36 communes.
Composition.
Cantons.
The cantons of the arrondissement of Arles are:
Communes.
The communes of the arrondissement of Arles, and their INSEE codes, are:

</doc>
<doc id="2923650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923650" title="George Ayittey">
George Ayittey

George Ayittey (born 1945) is a Ghanaian economist, author and president of the Free Africa Foundation in Washington DC. He is a professor at American University, and an associate scholar at the Foreign Policy Research Institute. He has championed the argument that "Africa is poor because she is not free", that the primary cause of African poverty is less a result of the oppression and mismanagement by colonial powers, but rather a result of modern oppressive native autocrats. He also goes beyond criticism to advocate for specific ways to address the abuses of the past and present; specifically he calls for democratic government, debt reexamination, modernized infrastructure, free market economics, and free trade to promote development.
Life.
Ayittey holds a B.Sc. in Economics from the University of Ghana, Legon, an M.A. from the University of Western Ontario in Canada, and a Ph.D. from the University of Manitoba. He has taught at Wayne State College and Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania. He held a National Fellowship at the Hoover Institution in 1988–89, and then joined The Heritage Foundation as a Bradley Resident Scholar. He founded The Free Africa Foundation in 1993, to serve as a catalyst for reform in Africa.
In 2008 Dr. Ayittey was listed by "Foreign Policy" as one of the "Top 100 Public Intellectuals" who "are shaping the tenor of our time". He lives in Lorton, Virginia.
Political Views.
Ayittey believes there are three keys to successfully rescuing Africa from oppressive despotism:

</doc>
<doc id="2923652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2923652" title="Châteaurenard">
Châteaurenard

Châteaurenard () is a commune in the Arles arrondissement, in the Bouches-du-Rhône department, in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region, in southern France.

</doc>
