<doc id="2908018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908018" title="Behrens–Fisher problem">
Behrens–Fisher problem

In statistics, the Behrens–Fisher problem, named after Walter Ulrich Behrens and Ronald Fisher, is the problem of interval estimation and hypothesis testing concerning the difference between the means of two normally distributed populations when the variances of the two populations are not assumed to be equal, based on two independent samples.
Specification.
One difficulty with discussing the Behrens–Fisher problem and proposed solutions, is that there are many different interpretations of what is meant by "the Behrens–Fisher problem". These differences involve not only what is counted as being a relevant solution, but even the basic statement of the context being considered.
Context.
Let "X"1, ..., "X""n" and "Y"1, ..., "Y""m" be i.i.d. samples from two populations which both come from the same location-scale family of distributions. The scale parameters are assumed to be unknown and not necessarily equal, and the problem is to assess whether the location parameters can reasonably be treated as equal. Lehmann states that "the Behrens–Fisher problem" is used both for this general form of model when the family of distributions is arbitrary and for when the restriction to a normal distribution is made. While Lehmann discusses a number of approaches to the more general problem, mainly based on nonparametrics, most other sources appear to use "the Behrens–Fisher problem" to refer only to the case where the distribution is assumed to be normal: most of this article makes this assumption.
Requirements of solutions.
Solutions to the Behrens–Fisher problem have been presented that make use of either a classical or a Bayesian inference point of view and either solution would be notionally invalid judged from the other point of view. If consideration is restricted to classical statistical inference only, it is possible to seek solutions to the inference problem that are simple to apply in a practical sense, giving preference to this simplicity over any inaccuracy in the corresponding probability statements. Where exactness of the significance levels of statistical tests is required, there may be an additional requirement that the procedure should make maximum use of the statistical information in the dataset. It is well known that an exact test can be gained by randomly discarding data from the larger dataset until the sample sizes are equal, assembling data in pairs and taking differences, and then using an ordinary t-test to test for the mean-difference being zero: clearly this would not be "optimal" in any sense.
The task of specifying interval estimates for this problem is one where a frequentist approach fails to provide an exact solution, although some approximations are available. Standard Bayesian approaches also fail to provide an answer that can be expressed as straightforward simple formulae, but modern computational methods of Bayesian analysis do allow essentially exact solutions to be found. Thus study of the problem can be used to elucidate the differences between the frequentist and Bayesian approaches to interval estimation.
Outline of different approaches.
Behrens and Fisher approach.
Ronald Fisher in 1935 introduced fiducial inference in order to apply it to this problem. He referred to an earlier paper by Walter Ulrich Behrens from 1929. Behrens and Fisher proposed to find the probability distribution of
where formula_2 and formula_3 are the two sample means, and "s"1 and "s"2 are their standard deviations. See Behrens–Fisher distribution. Fisher approximated the distribution of this by ignoring the random variation of the relative sizes of the standard deviations,
Fisher's solution provoked controversy because it did not have the property that the hypothesis of equal means would be rejected with probability α if the means were in fact equal. Many other methods of treating the problem have been proposed since.
Welch's approximate t solution.
A widely used method—for example in statistical packages and in Microsoft Excel—is that of B. L. Welch, who, like Fisher, was at University College London. The variance of the mean difference
results in
Welch (1938) approximated the distribution of formula_7 by the Type III Pearson distribution (a scaled chi-squared distribution) whose first two moments agree with that of formula_7. This applies to the following number of degrees of freedom (d.f.), which is generally non-integer:
Under the null hypothesis of equal expectations, , the distribution of the Behrens-Fisher statistic "T", which also depends on the variance ratio "σ"12/"σ"22, could now be approximated by Student's t distribution with these "ν" degrees of freedom. But this "ν" contains the population variances "σi"2, and these are unknown. The following estimate only replaces the population variances by the sample variances:
This formula_11 is a random variable. A t distribution with a random number of degrees of freedom does not exist. Nevertheless, the Behrens-Fisher "T" can be compared with a corresponding quantile of Student's t distribution with these estimated number of degrees of freedom, formula_11, which is generally non-integer. In this way, the boundary between acceptance and rejection region of the test statistic "T" is calculated based on the empirical variances "si"2, in a way that is a smooth function of these.
This method also does not give exactly the nominal rate, but is generally not too far off. However, if the population variances are equal, or if the samples are rather small and the population variances can be assumed to be approximately equal, it is more accurate to use the standard method, which is the two-sample t-test.
Other approaches.
A number of different approaches to the general problem have been proposed, some of which claim to "solve" some version of the problem. Among these are,
In Dudewicz’s comparison of selected methods, it was found that the Dudewicz–Ahmed procedure is recommended for practical use.
Variants.
A minor variant of the Behrens–Fisher problem has been studied. In this instance the problem is, assuming that the two population-means are in fact the same, to make inferences about the common mean: for example, one could require a confidence interval for the common mean.
Generalisations.
The immediate generalisation of the problem involves multivariate normal distributions with unknown covariance matrices, and is known as the Multivariate Behrens–Fisher problem.

</doc>
<doc id="2908019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908019" title="Shin Ha-kyun">
Shin Ha-kyun

Shin Ha-kyun (born May 30, 1974) is a South Korean actor. His notable films include "Joint Security Area" (2000), "Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance" (2002), "Save the Green Planet!" (2003), and "Welcome to Dongmakgol" (2005).
Career.
Shin Ha-kyun first trained as a stage actor at the Seoul Institute of the Arts before going on to act in a large number of plays by Jang Jin. When in 1998 Jang Jin directed his first movie "The Happenings", Shin was cast and he has since appeared in almost all of Jang's feature films. Impressed by his acting abilities, director Kim Ji-woon also cast him in minor roles in "The Foul King" and his 30-minute internet film "Coming Out". 
Shin first became a superstar with his role as a young North Korean soldier in Park Chan-wook's smash hit "Joint Security Area" in late 2000. At that time he developed a large fan following which, together that of co-star Won Bin, helped make his next film "Guns & Talks" a strong commercial hit.
In the next couple years Shin would take on two strong roles that would come to define his career. In Park Chan-wook's acclaimed "Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance", he played a deaf man with bright green dyed hair who is driven by desperation to kidnap a young girl. Then in Jang Joon-hwan's "Save the Green Planet!" in 2003, he played a mentally unbalanced man who believes that aliens are plotting to invade the earth. Together, these two intense and harrowing performances by Shin were an impressive display of his acting talent.
Also noteworthy are Shin's performances in two very different films set during the Korean War -- "Welcome to Dongmakgol", a dramedy that takes place in a small mountainous village, and "The Front Line", a harrowing tale of soldiers fighting over a small, bomb-blasted hill that regularly changes hands. The versatile actor has played the following roles: a developmentally disabled man in "My Brother", a rural postman in "A Letter From Mars", a suspect under interrogation in "Murder, Take One", an eccentric hitman in "No Mercy for the Rude", a struggling artist who makes an unwise bet in "The Devil's Game", a sickly cuckolded husband in "Thirst", a macho cop in "Foxy Festival", and a music teacher having an affair in "Cafe Noir".
Primarily a film actor, Shin had previously done only one TV series, 2003's "Good Person" on MBC. But in 2010 he returned to television in the quirky mystery "Harvest Villa" which aired on cable channel tvN. Then in the 2011 medical drama "Brain", his portrayal of a cold, ambitious neurosurgeon brought him to new heights of mainstream popularity, and he later won the Grand Prize ("Daesang") at the KBS Drama Awards.
In 2013, Shin headlined the romantic comedy series "All About My Romance" about two legislators from rival political parties who fall in love, followed by the high-profile action film "Running Man" about an ordinary man forced to become a fugitive after he gets framed for murder.
Personal life.
Shin dated "Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance" co-star Bae Doona from 2002 to 2004. His niece Park Eun-young is a member of the K-pop girl group Brave Girls.

</doc>
<doc id="2908031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908031" title="John W. Woolley">
John W. Woolley

John Wickersham Woolley (December 30, 1831 – December 13, 1928) was an American Latter Day Saint and one of the founders of the Mormon fundamentalism movement.
Early life.
Woolley was born to Edwin D. and Mary W. Woolley, the first of Edwin's seven wives, in Newlin, Chester County, Pennsylvania. Edwin Woolley was originally a Quaker farmer, but converted to Mormonism in 1837. The Woolley family emigrated to Utah Territory with the Mormon pioneers in the late 1840s. Edwin would later become Brigham Young's business manager, as well as one of his closest friends, and a bishop in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) from 1853 to 1881.
Career and involvement with the LDS Church.
Woolley held many civil positions in Utah Territory, such as constable, justice of the peace, deputy sheriff, deputy territorial marshal, and county commissioner. Within the Nauvoo Legion (in the State of Deseret), he served as a Lieutenant, Captain, Sergeant and Major. He participated in the Black Hawk War, and was one of the ten who crossed the Little Mountain to meet Johnston's Army in 1857.
Having been ordained a high priest of the LDS Church by Brigham Young, Woolley served in a bishopric, as a high councilor in the Davis Stake, and was later ordained a patriarch in the church. He also was an ordinance worker in the Salt Lake Temple and he opened meetings of the church's general conference with prayer on more than one occasion. Woolley was among the first to meet the handcart companies in 1856, and in 1860 and 1863 he brought emigrants across the plains himself. On the last occasion, Joseph F. Smith acted as the chaplain in his "company", and they became lifelong friends, with Smith having picnics with the Woolley family and speaking at his wife's funeral.
Family.
Woolley was married and sealed to his first wife, Julia E. Sirls, in March 1851 and was endowed at the same time. He went on later to marry Ann Everington in 1886. In 1910, the widowed Woolley married Annie Fisher, with Joseph F. Smith performing the civil ceremony.
Woolley was uncle to LDS Church President Spencer W. Kimball, and apostles J. Reuben Clark and John W. Taylor. He was also the stepfather to the (adult) B. H. Roberts, a member of the First Council of the Seventy.
Involvement with Mormon fundamentalism.
Woolley is perhaps best known as the father of Mormon fundamentalism and amongst most fundamentalists is considered an apostle, prophet, and president of the priesthood.
At the age of 8, Woolley received a patriarchal blessing from Joseph Smith, Sr., who at the time was the Presiding Patriarch of the Church of the Latter Day Saints. Within this blessing, Woolley was promised he would “be called to responsible stations,” that it would involve having to “receive keys,” as well as “glory and honor” and “worlds of knowledge and power”, and that he would one day “be called the Lord's anointed.” Fundamentalist Mormons see this as a prophecy of the later role he would play as their leader.
According to an account given by his son Lorin C. Woolley in 1929, when John Taylor was in hiding there were very few homes in which he felt his safety was secure, and very few people in whom he placed his confidence, Woolley was one of these men. His son Lorin acted as a messenger and sometimes a bodyguard for Taylor. It was in John Woolley's home that Jesus Christ and Joseph Smith, Jr. allegedly visited Taylor on the night of September 26, 1886 and where the following day Taylor allegedly set apart five men (including John, Lorin, and George Q. Cannon) as apostles, with a special commission to keep alive celestial plural marriage by granting them the authority to set apart others in perpetuity. This account is disputed by Latter-day Saint apologists.
In 1890, LDS Church President Wilford Woodruff issued what has become known as The Manifesto, officially calling for an end to the practice of plural marriage by church members in the United States. Because certain members (Woolley among them) did not take The Manifesto seriously, in 1904 another proclamation, sometimes called the Second Manifesto, was put forth by church president Joseph F. Smith, which stated that those who did not cease the continuation of the practice would be excommunicated from the church. Woolley did not comply and was excommunicated from the church on March 30, 1914.
Some Mormon fundamentalists believe that the excommunication was just a public act that was not privately accepted by Smith and that Woolley actually became Smith's rightful successor in the prophetic office. Other fundamentalists believe instead that Woolley was a successor to Wilford Woodruff or John Taylor. The LDS Church does not accept Woolley as a successor to Smith, Woodruff, or Taylor.
When Woolley died, his son Lorin Woolley succeeded him as a leader among Mormon fundamentalists.

</doc>
<doc id="2908033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908033" title="Hydrant wrench">
Hydrant wrench

A hydrant wrench is a tool used to remove fire hydrant caps and open the valve of the hydrant. They are usually adjustable so as to fit different sized hydrant nuts.
In France.
In France, The wrench is called "Guillemin wrench" (, pronounced ), but the firefighters call it "tricoise wrench" ("clef tricoise", ). The curved part applies on the ring, and the hooked part clutches a notch.
Big tricoise wrenches are placed in fire trucks, and are mainly used to fasten the big hoses, e.g. ∅110 mm hoses to feed the pumper tank from the hydrant (∅100 mm for the clutch). Small tricoise are made of brass and hang at the fire belts; they are used to fasten the small hoses, e.g. ∅70mm to ∅22mm hoses (∅65mm to ∅20mm clutches).
The shape is sometimes adapted so it can be used as a tool for other purposes; it is then called "polycoise wrench" or "Deschamps wrench". These tools are used to
In the United States.
The shape of a hydrant wrench is sometimes adapted so it can be used as a tool for other purposes such as:

</doc>
<doc id="2908034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908034" title="Denver Daily News">
Denver Daily News

The Denver Daily News is a former free daily newspaper in Denver, Colorado. At the time of its closure on June 6, 2011, It distributed 25,500 copies Monday-Friday in stores, coffee shops, restaurants and workplaces. Copies could also be found in the Daily's distinctive blue boxes. 
Assuming a pass-along rate of 2.3 readers per copy, the readership of the Daily was 24,150 per day. The Daily's freewheeling style and dedicated readership helped it establish a niche unserved by The Denver Post. The Daily's page count ranged from 32 to 64 pages per day. Major advertisers included auto dealerships, real estate developers, real estate agents, restaurants, grocery stores, apparel retailers and service providers. 
The Denver Daily News started May 10, 2001. Its offices were originally at 2950 West 29th Avenue in Denver. Its last offices were located at 2330 Broadway, Denver. The publisher was Kirstie Hannon. The Denver Daily News was owned by Jim Pavelich who is a partner in the Palo Alto Daily Post and Vail Mountaineer. 

</doc>
<doc id="2908038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908038" title="Christ Episcopal Church">
Christ Episcopal Church

"Christ Episcopal Church" or "Christ Church (Episcopal)" or "Christ Church" may refer to the following similarly named churches or parishes:

</doc>
<doc id="2908039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908039" title="Crabtree">
Crabtree

Crabtree may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2908048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908048" title="Area code 623">
Area code 623

North American area code 623 is a state of Arizona telephone area code which was created in a split from area code 602 on April 1, 1999, when it was deemed that the Greater Phoenix metropolitan area could no longer continue with just one area code due to its explosive growth in the 1990s. The west side and the western half of the far north side became 623, while the eastern suburbs and the Phoenix neighborhood of Ahwatukee became area code 480. Generally, 623 is coextensive with the West Valley area.
623 covers areas such as Glendale (except the section north of the Arizona Canal and south of Union Hills, which is still 602), Peoria (except northwest near Vistancia and Lake Pleasant), Sun City, Sun City West, El Mirage, Surprise, Youngtown, Avondale, Tolleson, Goodyear, and Buckeye, as well as some of west Phoenix, specifically the city north of Union Hills and west of the 2000 E Grid, south of the Arizona Canal from 43rd Ave to 39th Ave, west of 39th Ave from the Arizona Canal south to Maryland Ave, along 43rd Ave from Maryland to Indian School, diagonally southwest from 43rd Ave & Indian School to 63rd Ave & Interstate 10, then south along 63rd Ave to the Salt River and then the Gila River Indian Reservation.

</doc>
<doc id="2908050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908050" title="Cyclic enzyme system">
Cyclic enzyme system

A cyclic enzyme system is a theoretical system of two enzymes sharing a single substrate or cofactor, also referred to as a biochemical switching device. It has been used as a biochemical implementation of a simple computational device, acting as a chemical diode.

</doc>
<doc id="2908052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908052" title="Shields Gazette">
Shields Gazette

The Shields Gazette, established in 1849, is a daily evening newspaper. It is the oldest provincial evening newspaper in the United Kingdom.
It was originally established as a weekly paper - the "North and South Shields Gazette" - but became a daily evening paper after the repeal of Stamp Duty in 1855. Later it became the "Shields Gazette and Shipping Telegraph".
It is now part of North East Press, a division of Johnston Press, and the paper has been printed on the presses of the "Sunderland Echo" in Pennywell, Sunderland, since 1992. In July 2012 most of the reporters, sports and editing staff moved to a new base at the "Sunderland Echo".
The paper covers the whole of South Tyneside. In the period December 2010-June 2011, it had an average daily circulation of 15,161.

</doc>
<doc id="2908061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908061" title="Battle of Fancheng">
Battle of Fancheng

The Battle of Fancheng was fought between the warlords Liu Bei and Cao Cao in 219 in the late Eastern Han dynasty. It was named after Fancheng (樊城; also known as Fan Castle or Fan City), an ancient fortress situated in present-day Fancheng District, Xiangyang, Hubei.
Background.
In October 218, Cao Cao's general Hou Yin (侯音) and his deputy Wei Kai (衛開) of Wan (宛; present-day Nanyang, Henan) rose in rebellion with several thousand troops, and they requested Guan Yu for assistance. It would take four months for Cao Ren to finally crush the rebellion by killing both Hou Yin and Wei Kai, but Guan Yu did not respond to the rebels throughout the duration. After taking Hanzhong by defeating Cao Cao in May 219, Liu Bei further expanded his gains in June 219 by sending Meng Da and Liu Feng to take Fangling (房陵; present-day Fang County, Hubei) and Shangyong (上庸; north of present-day Zhushan County, Hubei). Cao Cao was temporarily forced to be on the defensive after a continuous setback and Sun Quan of Jiangdong decided to take the opportunity to attack Cao Cao while their newly defeated men were regrouping and resting.
Realizing the imminent attacks of Liu Bei and Sun Quan, Cao Cao planned to launch a preemptive strike on Jing Province (荊州; covering present-day Hubei and Hunan), the eastern part of Liu Bei's territory defended by Guan Yu. The plan reasoned that Liu Bei could not continue his offensive in the north due to the need to consolidate his new gains, and so an attack into Jing Province would not be hindered by Liu's invasion elsewhere. However, the plan was called off because Cao Cao's troops still needed time to recover, regroup and re-supply from the campaign to suppress the rebellion of Hou Yin and Wei Kai, as well as from earlier setbacks in the struggles for Hanzhong. The worn-out troops were not ready for another campaign.
Battle.
Initial stages.
In July, 219, Sun Quan mobilized his forces in preparation to attack Hefei, and Cao Cao's forces were redeployed to the region to the south of the Huai River to fend off the possible invasion. Seizing the opportunity, Guan Yu decided to launch an offensive of his own against Cao Cao. Mi Fang, Administrator of Nan Commandery (南郡; present-day Jiangling County, Hubei) was ordered to stay behind to guard Jiangling (江陵) city of Nan Commandery, while general Shi Ren was ordered to stay behind to guard Gong'an (公安; northwest of present-day Gong'an County, Hubei). Liu Bei's main force in the region was led by Guan Yu himself to attack Cao Cao's strongholds in the north.
The campaign's objective was not clearly stated, but Guan Yu led his army along the Han River northward until he laid siege to Fancheng (present-day Fancheng District Xiangyang, Hubei). From the advance route and the fact that Guan chose to concentrate his main forces on Fancheng, his primary objective was believed to be the conquest of Nanyang commandery. Initially, the cities being attacked were not heavily guarded, as Cao Ren at Fancheng and Lü Chang (呂常) at Xiangyang (襄陽; present-day Xiangzhou District Xiangyang, Hubei) were both surrounded. Therefore, Cao Cao ordered Yu Jin to aid Cao Ren. After pitching camp on a lower ground about 4km north to Fancheng, Yu Jin started to prepare a counteroffensive. Eager to prove his loyalty as he was suspected by others, general Pang De voluteered to lead a detachment to engage Guan Yu, successfully forcing the latter to retreat several times. On one occasion, Pang De shot an arrow that became embedded in Guan Yu's helm. Since then Pang De was widely known and feared among the enemy as General White Horse, from the white steed he rode into battle. 
Although Guan Yu could not surpass Pang De in battle, he nevertheless held firm control over the water routes around the area and maintained the encirclement of Fancheng. A few setbacks were far from enough to discourage Guan Yu.
Turning of the tide.
In August, heavy rain caused the Han River to flood. Forces under the command of Yu Jin and Pang De were completely annihilated by the natural disaster, suffering at least 40,000 fatalities, and another 30,000 were captured by Guan Yu's navy. Pang De and Yu Jin were both captured; Yu begged for his life and surrendered, while Pang refused to surrender and was executed. Cao Ren, with several thousand of his surviving troops were forced on the defensive by staying behind the safety of the walls. At the time, Xu Huang, who stationed in Wancheng with his force purely consisted of new recruits, could only put up a defensive posture instead of venturing out to relief Cao Ren. Sensing the swift change, the Inspector of Jing Province (the position that had the authority to raise troops from within the entire Jing Province), Hu Xiu (胡修), and Cao Cao's Administrator of Nan Town (Nan Town was located southeast of present-day Xichuan County, Henan), Fu Fang (傅方), both defected to Guan Yu. The rebel leaders of Liang (梁), Xia (郟), and Luhun (陸渾, located southeast of present-day Song County, Henan) also officially accepted Guan Yu's command. 
Guan Yu's threat to Cao Cao after his initial success was so immense that Cao Cao once considered relocating the capital. As Cao Cao asked his subjects for input, Sima Yi and Jiang Ji (蔣濟) strongly opposed. They pointed out that the alliance between Liu Bei and Sun Quan was shaky at the best due to the feuding of the control of Jing Province, and Sun Quan would definitely be unhappy to see Guan Yu's success. They suggested that Cao Cao should send an emissary to Sun Quan to recognize the latter's control over Jiangnan should Sun Quan agree to flank Guan Yu's rear. 
Initially, Sun Quan sent an emissary to Guan Yu relating his wish for a marriage be arranged between his own son and Guan's daughter. However, Guan Yu insulted the emissary and rejected the marriage proposal, infuriating Sun Quan, an ally Liu Bei could not afford to lose. The initial victory also proved to be the prelude to catastrophe for Guan Yu because it had made him overconfident. At the outbreak of the battle, Liu Bei controlled three commanderies of Jing Province: Nan, Lingling, and Wuling, albeit the most among all three powers, Guan Yu lacked the experience to handle a huge army, especially one with the size under his command at the time, when his force nearly doubled as 30,000 troops captured in his earlier victory joined his army. In order to feed his army, Guan Yu sent out troops to confiscate grains stored by Sun Quan in the local border region. This further irritated Sun Quan, and coupled with Guan Yu's rejection of Sun Quan's marriage proposal and insult, Sun Quan made up his mind to sever the alliance with Liu Bei.
Stalemate.
After the confiscation of Sun Quan's food supply, Guan Yu further ordered reinforcement from Jiangling and Gong'an to lay siege to the now flooded Fancheng. With only several thousand troops left, Cao Ren was also harassed by low food supplies, so he considered abandoning the city. However, the Administrator of Runan, Man Chong, convinced Cao Ren to stay put by indicating that the flood was only temporary and would not last long. Man Chong also noted that Guan Yu's vanguard had already advanced to Jia (郏) County yet his main force dared not to follow, because he was afraid of being cut off from behind and attacked from both sides. The strategic strongholds Fancheng and Xiangyang were still in Cao Cao's hands, which posed a serious threat to the advancing enemy force that bypassed the two cities. Man Chong argued that if the two fortresses were abandoned, the entire region to the south of Yellow River would be in danger of being overrun by the enemy, because not only the region Guan Yu attacked would be lost, the vast region in the east would be lost to Sun Quan since Cao Cao's force deployed there would risk being cut off should Guan Yu decide to strike in that direction. Hence, Man Chong concluded, these two citadels must be held at all costs and the defenders must fight to the very last man. Cao Ren agreed and strengthened the defense, and boosted his troops to over 10,000 by drafting every available man in the city.
As Xu Huang was ordered to reinforce Cao Ren, Cao Cao sent two generals, Xu Shang (徐商) and Lü Jian (呂建) to lead additional reinforcements to join Xu Huang, ordering the latter that he should never attack until all of the reinforcement sent to him had arrived. To wait for further reinforcements, Xu Huang pushed toward Yangling (陽陵) Slope, located to the north of Fancheng. As the majority of Cao Cao's force under Xu Huang's command consisted of new recruits, Xu faithfully carried out Cao Cao's order to restrain from attacking. Guan Yu was well aware of Xu Huang's situation, and coupled with the earlier victory, he thus completely ignored Xu Huang's threat and committed a serious blunder by dividing his force by sending another army to Xiangyang, because he mistakenly believed that Fancheng would easily fall into his control. However, due to the defenders' strong resolute, the city remain defiant.
Guan Yu made further strategic blunders in allowing his vanguard advancing too far ahead of his main force and not linking up with the vanguard promptly in a time he could not afford to split his force. As a result, the vanguard was around three miles to the north of Fancheng, leaving a huge gap between itself and the main camp. Seizing the opportunity, Xu Huang faked the digging of a long trench, giving the false impression of cutting off Guan Yu's vanguard, which fell for the trick and retreated. Xu Huang's army therefore took the abandoned Yan (偃) City and pressed further toward Guan Yu's main army. By this time, Xu Huang's force was large enough to pose a threat to Guan Yu, because the 10,000 strong army, which consisted of battle hardened veterans led by Yin Shu (殷署) and Zhu Gai (朱蓋), had joined Xu Huang.
Strategies.
As the stalemate was reached again, Cao Cao's emissary returned to the capital Luoyang with a letter from Sun Quan, which informed Cao that Sun planned to attack Guan Yu from his rear, Jing Province. Sun Quan asked Cao Cao to keep this secret so that Guan Yu would not be prepared, and most of Cao Cao's advisors agreed with the plan. However, Dong Zhao objected, pointing out that Liu Bei and Sun Quan would also be the two adversaries of Cao Cao despite the temporary subjection of Sun Quan to Cao Cao. For the long term goal, it would be in the best interest of Cao Cao to weaken both adversaries, instead of letting one adversary become too strong in the long run. In the short run, if Guan Yu knew about Sun Quan's attack in his rear, he would certainly withdraw his army to reinforce his home base in Jing Province, and the siege of Fancheng would be lifted. In addition, Fancheng was under siege for some period of time, and the morale of Cao Cao's forces was low. If this critical information was not passed along to the defenders, some people inside Fancheng might turn their back on Cao Cao's side, because the food supplies were running out and they knew nothing about the secret agreement with Sun Quan. Furthermore, Dong Zhao pointed out that even if Guan Yu knew Sun Quan's intention, he would not retreat swiftly because of his stubbornness and his confidence on the two cities of Jiangling and Gong'an.
Cao Cao and others were convinced by Dong Zhao and did exactly what he had proposed: copies of Sun Quan's letter was tied to arrows, which were then shot into Fancheng and Guan Yu's camp by Xu Huang's archers. The defenders' morale increased, while Guan Yu was in a dilemma: he neither wanted to abandon the assaults on Cao Cao, because he believed that Jiangling and Gong'an, his rear bases, would not easily fall. Furthermore, if he (Guan Yu) succeeded in defeating the enemy defenders, Sun Quan would certainly exploit the opportunity to attack Cao Cao's weakened defenses instead of attacking the three commanderies under Liu Bei, because it seemed to Guan Yu that Sun Quan had much more to gain in taking the vast region in the eastern region downstream the Yangtze River from Cao Cao. As it turned out, things did not go as Guan Yu had planned. As Guan Yu was hesitating, Cao Cao had personally led another reinforcement army on his way, and had already reached Mo Slope (摩陂; southeast of present-day Jia County, Henan).
Conclusion.
The bulk of the forces under Guan Yu's command was camped in Weitou (圍頭), while the remaining camped in Sizhong (四冢). Xu Huang spread word of an imminent attack on Weitou, but instead, he led his forces to strike Sizhong unexpectedly. Fearing the Sizhong camp would be lost, Guan Yu led 5,000 troops for the rescue, but the attack of Sizhong was only a decoy, as Guan Yu became ambushed by Xu Huang's men when he was on his way for the rescue mission. The defeated Guan Yu withdrew to his main camp, but Xu Huang's force followed closely behind and charged into Guan's main camp, successfully killing the defectors Hu Xiu and Fu Fang. With his camp overrun by the enemy, Guan Yu was forced to concede defeat by lifting the siege of Fancheng and retreating southward.
All of Cao Cao's commanders at the frontline believed that they should take advantage of the situation and pursue Guan Yu, except Army Advisor Zhao Yan (趙儼), who pointed out that they should not pursue Guan Yu because Guan's force should be left alone so that they could fight Sun Quan, thus weakening both Cao Cao's adversaries. Cao Ren agreed with Zhao Yan and did not pursue Guan Yu, and sure enough, when news of Guan Yu's retreat reached Cao Cao, he sent an emissary to Cao Ren, prohibiting Cao Cao's force from giving a chase for exactly the same reason Cao Ren and Zhao Yan believed in.
Aftermath.
When Guan Yu returned south, he discovered that his rear bases in Jiangling and Gong'an had both surrendered to Lü Meng, the commander of Sun Quan's westward army. Lü Meng held hostage the wives and children of Guan Yu's men, but treated them and the citizenry of Jing Province with the utmost care. Guan Yu's soldiers, hearing that Jing Province had fallen to Sun Quan and their families were in good hands, lost their will to fight and deserted.
Guan Yu, with only a handful of men left, became isolated in Maicheng (麥城; southeast of present-day Dangyang, Hubei) with Sun Quan's forces on three sides and Cao Cao's at the north. As Guan Yu attempted to escape, he and his surviving followers, including his son Guan Ping, his Commandant Zhao Lei, were captured in an ambush in Zhang (章) Town (east of present-day Anyuan County, Hubei) by Sun Quan's generals Zhu Ran and Pan Zhang. Guan Yu was later executed by Sun Quan at Linju (臨沮), along with Guan Ping and Zhao Lei.
Analysis.
Guan Yu's campaign failed because Liu Bei and Zhuge Liang did not give enough support to Guan Yu (or were unable to give their support), and Guan had overestimated his own capabilities. After Guan captured Yu Jin, he could have declared victory by restating his military goal as destroying the enemy reinforcement, or he could've continued besieging Fancheng. To return to Jiangling was not a bad option for Guan, because he would have consolidated the gain of the campaign, and avoid the risks involved in a prolonged war. Amongst the alternatives, Guan chose to continue the siege, which also was a reasonable choice for him at the time, if the siege would not be a long one. Although the initial success was brought to him by a natural flooding, it did indeed crush the morale of the defenders, and Guan attempted to capitalize on that.
Guan's blunder was not in continuing the siege, but severing ties with Sun Quan. At the beginning of the campaign, he had sent an emissary to Sun to ask for help, and Sun did so, though the reinforcement he sent arrived at the battlefield very slowly. Guan should have realized that he was not deemed trustworthy by Sun at the time; however, instead of strengthening the alliance, he chose to insult Sun's emissaries and rejected his marriage proposal, then confiscated Sun's food shortage on the border without prior notice. At this point, it should not be hard for one to see that Sun would retaliate. However, Guan was overconfident on his signal towers, which were erected on high grounds along the Yangtze River to watch over the movement of Sun's forces. This move had a devastating effect on Guan's fate (as can be seen in Lü Meng's invasion of Jing Province), but only had limited effect on the battle of Fancheng, because Guan was not affected by the news Sun attacked his rear (Guan Yu set up fortifications to fight Xu Huang instead).
The first mistake that Guan did relating directly to his military operations was the misconception of a quick capture of Fancheng. He did not realize that the flood was only temporary, and that Cao Cao could still send reinforcement after reinforcement if he failed to take the city in a short period of time. There is a strategic mistake which contributed to the mistake mentioned — Guan divided his forces into at least three parts: the vanguard in Jia County, the detachment besieging Xiangyang, and the main army he directly controlled. In doing so, he violated the law of force concentration, and the siege on any single point would be longer than if he concentrated his forces. Then, when Xu Huang arrived the battlefield with some untrained and weak soldiers, Guan should have delivered a crushing blow to his old friend before Xu could even get prepared, but he instead focused on building fortifications and attempted to mimic what Zhou Yu did in the Battle of Jiangling. The last operational mistake is that Guan underestimated his old acquaintance (perhaps Guan actually did a fair evaluation on Xu Huang, as the latter was not highly regarded before the siege of Fancheng). Besides setting up two camps, Guan had 10 layers of barricades facing the direction of Xu's army, but the latter still ordered an attack after he received some elite troops and successfully conquered Guan's camps.
Other historians took a more sympathetic stands for Guan because at the outbreak of the battle, he faced the dilemma of an unfavorable result regardless the offensive was launched or not. In the west, although Liu Bei successfully gained the strategic stronghold, Hanzhong, Liu Bei could not continue his momentum because the population of Hanzhong was drastically reduced as 80,000 residents were relocated into Cao Cao's territories when the latter defeated Zhang Lu years ago. Although the Hanzhong region was still possessed of a sizable population, Liu Bei would face logistic problems had he continued his campaign against Cao Cao, because the latter had asked one of his officers to relocate 50,000 households of Di tribes to Liang Province. Eliminating his reliable platform to Guanzhong, Cao hindered Liu's offensive in the north. Therefore, Guan led his army north in order to keep pressure on Cao, at the same time buying Liu the time to consolidate his gain. However, the unexpected flood had changed Guan's original goal into conquering northern Jing Province, which is a goal that requires Liu Bei's reinforcement from the west, and Sun Quan's entry from the east. Had Guan Yu not made the blunder of destroying the alliance between Liu Bei and Sun Quan, but instead, strengthened it, he might have a chance of succeeding what he started.
The biggest winner of the conflict was Sun Quan, who not only took back Jing Province from the hand of Liu Bei, but also received Yu Jin and his 30,000 elite troops, and most importantly, Sun Quan had secured Nan Commandery, which was very vital for the survival of the future Eastern Wu regime (it took a short time to travel from Jing Province to Yang Province downstream, if Jing Province was not controlled by the same power that controlled Yang Province, the power controlling Yang Province would be facing probable threat from the other party everyday). Cao Cao also secured his domain in Jing province by successfully fending off Liu Bei's attack, but he was more pleased that the alliance between Liu Bei and Sun Quan melted down, however, Cao Cao would die shortly after the war, and was not able to capitalize on that.
In fiction.
In Luo Guanzhong's historical novel "Romance of the Three Kingdoms", the flooding of the Han River was not a natural occurrence, but instead, was pre-planned by Guan Yu. Guan had the rivers dammed and the dam opened when it was full, thus drowning Cao Cao's armies in the lower plains. This event was known as the "Drowning of the Seven Armies" (水淹七軍). Pang De put up firm resistance and attempted to escape by swimming, but was captured by Guan Yu's subordinate Zhou Cang. In contrast, Yu Jin was depicted pleading for his life and surrendering to Guan Yu.
Several weeks later, Sun Quan, who had secretly allied with Cao Cao, attacked Guan Yu's army at Jiangling. Sun Quan surprised and defeated Guan Yu's forces there, forcing Guan to lift the siege on Fancheng and retreat. Guan Yu and his son, Guan Ping, while fleeing to Yi Province (covering the Sichuan Basin), were caught and executed by Sun Quan's soldiers.
In the novel, the strength of Guan Yu was greatly exaggerated for dramatic effect, and the most obvious example was that the entire Jing Province was depicted as under Liu Bei's control. In reality, the state was divided into three parts at the time, controlled separately by the three powers, with Liu Bei controlling the least portion, both in terms of population and area, and could only field 25,000 troops at any one time from the region it controlled, with Guan Yu leading only 15,000 troops at the start of the battle. Other important historical facts not mentioned in the novel included the fact that it was Cao Cao who originally planned a preemptive strike against Guan Yu, but failed to materialize because of the need to crush the rebellion first. Logistic support, another deciding factor of the result of the battle, was not mentioned either in novel. Though Guan Yu in real life certainly deserves some credits for the his bravery of leading a token force attacking an enemy that was almost ten times of his strength, as well as achieving an astonishing victory during the initial stage, his exploits were exaggerated in the novel because the author, Luo Guanzhong, personally adored Guan Yu, the most eulogized and glorified character in his work.
Modern references.
In Koei's video games "Dynasty Warriors 4" and "Dynasty Warriors 5", Guan Yu is depicted as simultaneously defending the lands of Jing Province and besieging Fan Castle (Fancheng). The second location is the focus of the stage. Cao Ren is the defending commander, and Sun Quan's forces later appear as reinforcements for Cao Ren. Notably, Pang De takes a prominent role, and proves to be a dangerous opponent for Guan Yu and his allies in this stage. In "Dynasty Warriors 7", the defense of Fancheng is focused on Wei's side, the invasion of Jing Province is focused on Wu's side, and retreating to Maicheng is focused on Shu's side.

</doc>
<doc id="2908062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908062" title="Peter Hurford">
Peter Hurford

Peter Hurford OBE (born St Cecilia's day, 22 November 1930 in Minehead, Somerset) is a British organist and composer.
Educated at Blundell's School, he later studied both music and law at Jesus College, Cambridge, graduating with dual degrees, subsequently obtaining a reputation for both musical scholarship and organ playing. Hurford subsequently studied in Paris under the blind French organist André Marchal, exploring music of the Baroque period.
He is best known for his interpretations of Bach, having recorded the complete Bach organ works for Decca and BBC Radio 3. His expertise also encompasses recordings of the Romantic literature for organ, performances notable for attention to stylistic detail. His playing style is noted for clean articulation, beauty of expression, and a sense of proper tempi.
Hurford was appointed organist of Holy Trinity Church, Leamington Spa from 1956 to 1957 and then organist and choirmaster of St Albans Cathedral Choir in 1958, serving with great distinction in this capacity for exactly twenty years. He conceived the idea of an organ competition in 1963, partly to celebrate the new Harrison & Harrison organ designed by Ralph Downes and himself. This venture was successful mainly because of the young Hurford's rapidly growing stature in Britain and overseas as a result of his refreshing notions of authentic performing style. This has grown into the St Albans International Organ Festival, a world-renowned festival of organ music with competitions whose past winners include many of the great names in modern organ music including Dame Gillian Weir, David Sanger, Thomas Trotter and Kevin Bowyer.
He is the holder of a number of Honorary Doctorates, was appointed an Honorary Fellow of Jesus College in 2006, received the Medal of the Royal College of Organists in 2013, and has been appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire OBE. He has written a book: "Making Music on the Organ" (1998, Oxford University Press, ISBN 0-19-816207-3) and published a deal of choral music for the Anglican liturgy, much of it issued by leading publishers such as Novello and Oxford University Press. His "Litany to the Holy Spirit," to a famous text by Robert Herrick, is sung worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="2908067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908067" title="Christopher Wolf">
Christopher Wolf

Christopher Wolf (born Washington, DC 1954) is an American attorney specializing in Internet and privacy law. He is a partner in the international law firm of Hogan Lovells US LLP. He is the founding editor and lead author of the first Practising Law Institute (PLI) legal treatise on privacy and information security law. He is the founder and co-chair of a think tank devoted to emerging privacy issues, the Future of Privacy Forum. He also has chaired an international consortium of NGO's fighting online hate speech, the International Network Against Cyber-hate (INACH), on whose board her serves and he leads the work of the Anti-Defamation League in fighting online hate speech. Wolf graduated from Bowdoin College in 1976, and magna cum laude from Washington & Lee University School of Law in 1980. He clerked with the Hon. Aubrey E. Robinson, Jr., United States District Court, District of Columbia, 1980-1982.
In 2013, Wolf co-authored (with Abraham Foxman) a book enitled "Viral Hate: Containing its Spread on the Internet" (Macmillan Palgrave).
Interests.
Wolf is chairman emeritus of the International Network Against Cyber-Hate (INACH) and chairs the Anti-Defamation League's National Committee on the Internet. He chairs the ADL Technology Committee and previously was regional chair of the Washington, DC ADL Board (1998–2002) as well as the national ADL Strategic Planning Committee. He is on the National Symphony Orchestra Board of Directors, and the Board of Directors of Food & Friends, where he was Board President (1996–1998). He also serves on the Boards of WETA Radio and Television, Young Concert Artists and the George Washington University Hospital. Wolf was the first president of Responsible Electronic Communication Alliance (RECA), an organization started to promote professional standards for online communication and marketing. He is also co-chair of the Future of Privacy Forum, a think tank dedicated to examining emerging privacy issues. Wolf was made a member of the American Law Institute in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="2908070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908070" title="First United Methodist Church">
First United Methodist Church

First United Methodist Church is a common name for the first United Methodist church established in a particular locality. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2908074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908074" title="Studentization">
Studentization

In statistics, Studentization, named after William Sealy Gosset, who wrote under the pseudonym "Student", is the adjustment consisting of division of a first-degree statistic derived from a sample, by a sample-based estimate of a population standard deviation. The term is also used for the standardisation of a higher-degree statistic by another statistic of the same degree: for example, an estimate of the third central moment would be standardised by dividing by the cube of the sample standard deviation.
A simple example is the process of dividing a sample mean by the sample standard deviation when data arise from a location-scale family. The consequence of "Studentization" is that the complication of treating the probability distribution of the mean, which depends on both the location and scale parameters, has been reduced to considering a distribution which depends only on the location parameter. However, the fact that a sample standard deviation is used, rather than the unknown population standard deviation, complicates the mathematics of finding the probability distribution of a Studentized statistic.
In computational statistics, the idea of using Studentized statistics is of some importance in the development of confidence intervals with improved properties in the context of resampling and, in particular, bootstrapping.

</doc>
<doc id="2908077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908077" title="Pahranagat National Wildlife Refuge">
Pahranagat National Wildlife Refuge

The Pahranagat National Wildlife Refuge is a protected wildlife refuge, located at the southern end of the Pahranagat Valley and administered by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. It is situated north of Las Vegas, Nevada in Lincoln County, Nevada. The refuge was created on August 16, 1963 and is part of the larger Desert National Wildlife Refuge Complex, which also includes the Ash Meadows National Wildlife Refuge, the Desert National Wildlife Refuge, the Moapa Valley National Wildlife Refuge, and the Amargosa Pupfish Station.
Located within the Pacific Flyway, the refuge provides high quality migration and wintering habitat for migrating birds, with emphasis on waterfowl.
History.
Work is underway to restore wetland and desert upland habitats to what was found on the refuge over 100 years ago.
Species of concern that spend part of the year at Pahranagat.
Endangered.
Endangered species include:
Threatened.
Threatened species include:

</doc>
<doc id="2908079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908079" title="Andrew Refshauge">
Andrew Refshauge

Dr Andrew John Refshauge (born 16 January 1949) is a former Australian politician who was Deputy Premier of New South Wales from 1995 to 2005, a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly between 1983 and 2005 representing Labor, and a senior minister in the Carr ministry.
Background and early career.
Refshauge was born in Melbourne, the son of Major General Sir William Refshauge who later became Honorary Physician to Queen Elizabeth II and Director-General of the Commonwealth Department of Health. He has three brothers and one sister. One brother, Richard Refshauge, is a Judge of the ACT Supreme Court. His sister, Professor Kathryn Refshauge, is the Dean of the Faculty of Health Sciences at the University of Sydney.
Educated at Scotch College, Melbourne, Refshauge studied medicine at the University of Sydney, and after graduating, worked in NSW hospitals and later at the Aboriginal Medical Service in . He helped establish Aboriginal Medical Services in Wilcannia and Kempsey. In 1973 Refshauge and others founded the Doctors Reform Society of Australia, a left-leaning group advocating for health care improvements.
Political career.
Angered by the dismissal of the Whitlam Government, Refshauge joined the Australian Labor Party. In 1983 he was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly as the member for Marrickville on the same day that Bob Carr was elected the member for Maroubra in by-elections. He served in a variety of portfolios, as well as rising to be the leader of the left faction of the party, Deputy Leader of the Opposition in 1988, and Deputy Premier in 1995 following the election of the Carr government. 
Refshauge was the Legislative Assembly representative on the Senate of the University of Sydney between 1987 and 1988 and was the Deputy Leader of the Opposition between 11 April 1988 and 4 April 1995. Prior to entering politics he was a member of the Aboriginal Affairs Policy Committee (1981–1986). Refshauge was a delegate to Labor's State Conference (1984–2005); an executive committee member of the H.V. Evatt Memorial Foundation; a board member of the Mandela Foundation; and a Fellow of the Senate of the University of Sydney (1983–1986).
During his term in parliament, Refshauge served as minister between 1995 and 2005 in portfolios covering Health, Aboriginal Affairs, Urban Affairs and Planning, Housing, Education and Training, State Development and as Treasurer.
Refshauge announced his resignation from Parliament, as Deputy Premier and from the ministry in August 2005, a few days after Bob Carr announced his retirement as Premier and from Parliament. Refshauge originally had no plans for retirement at that time but was prompted to do so with Carr's retirement and a request by the replacement premier, Morris Iemma that Refshauge stand aside to allow for a new Deputy Premier so that there could be a new leadership team. 
Career after politics.
Refshauge presently holds a number of senior community leadership roles, including the Chair of CareFlight (NSW), since 2007 to the present; a director of Family Care Medical Services, since 2007; a director of the Aged Care Standards Accreditation Agency, since 2008 and Chair since 1 July 2012; and the Chair of the Investment Committee of the Aboriginal Land Council of New South Wales, since 2008.
He has previously served in a range of other community roles, including the Chair of the Australian Institute of Health and Welfare; a director of the Prince of Wales Medical Research Institute, later to become Neuroscience Research Australia; a member of the Foundation for Research and Treatment of Alcoholism and Drug Dependence; and a director of the Family Care Medical Services.

</doc>
<doc id="2908095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908095" title="Falls of Foyers">
Falls of Foyers

The Fall of Foyers (Scottish Gaelic: Eas na Smùide, meaning the smoking falls) is a waterfall on the River Foyers, which feeds Loch Ness, in Highland, Scotland, United Kingdom.
The waterfall has "a fine cascade", having a fall of 165 feet. It is located on the lower portion of the River Foyers at . The river enters Loch Ness on the East side, North-East of Fort Augustus.
This waterfall influenced Robert Addams to write a paper in 1834 about the motion aftereffect.
The flow over the falls has been much reduced since 1895 when North British Aluminium Company built an aluminium smelting plant on the shore of Loch Ness which was powered by electricity generated by the river. Artist Mary Rose Hill Burton, who was active in the unsuccessful resistance against the smelting plant, made many drawings and paintings of the falls before the plant was built, to capture the landscape before it was lost. 
The plant shut in 1967 and the site is now part of a pumped-storage hydroelectricity system.

</doc>
<doc id="2908100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908100" title="Dennis Cleveland Stewart">
Dennis Cleveland Stewart

Dennis Cleveland Stewart (July 29, 1947 – April 20, 1994) was an American actor and dancer.
Biography.
Dennis is well known for playing Leo Balmudo (Craterface), the Scorpions' gang leader in "Grease" (1978) and reprised the role as the Cycle Lords' leader in "Grease 2" (1982). He appeared as a dancer in The Beatles' Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band. He was openly Homosexual.
Death.
He contracted HIV in 1993 and died from complications from AIDS in 1994. He was cremated and had his ashes scattered at sea.

</doc>
<doc id="2908102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908102" title="Gilbert W. Lindsay">
Gilbert W. Lindsay

Gilbert W. Lindsay (1900–1990), also known as Gil Lindsay, was a Los Angeles, California, politician who worked his way up from City Hall janitor to become the city's first black City Council member and one of its most powerful elected officials. He helped fashion downtown Los Angeles into a major metropolitan center but was accused of turning his back on the people in his district who elected him to 27 years on the city's governing body (1963–1990).
Biography.
'"Gilbert William Lindsay,"' an African-American, was born on November 29, 1900, in Mississippi, where he worked in the cotton fields as a youth. He left Mississippi as a teenager and enrolled in a school in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He then moved to Arizona, where he joined the Army and served in the 10th Cavalry and the 25th Infantry. As part of an Army program, he studied business administration at the University of Arizona. He moved to Los Angeles in 1923 or 1924 and became a City Hall janitor with the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power. He took a civil service exam for a clerkship, and he was given a basement office because, he said, his superiors did not want him to sit with whites. He took classes in governmental administration and political science at the University of Southern California and in business administration at UCLA during the 25 years he worked for the department.
About his years as a janitor, the "Los Angeles Times" quoted him as saying, "I used to scrub toilets for the city of Los Angeles with a mop—that was my job. . . I had the lowest job you can give a human being." but the "Los Angeles Sentinel," a black-oriented newspaper, cited C.A. (Bob) Barker, a Los Angeles businessman, as saying, "He was a helluva janitor! That was an important job for Negroes at that time. He gave the janitor's job the same respect he gave the council position. Whatever Gil was doing was very important to him."
He was known as being a short man, standing five feet, three inches tall.
Lindsay's wife, Theresa, was from Greenville, Texas. It was said that Lindsay "began to decline mentally and physically" after Theresa died in 1984; they had been married 49 years. He had a son, Melvin; a daughter, Sylvia Thornton, a stepson, Herbert Howard, and an adopted daughter, Christina Willoughby.
Illness and death.
Lindsay suffered a stroke in 1989 that reduced him simply to being the "titular leader" of the 9th District, with much of the real power in the hands of Bob Gay, his chief assistant, the "Downtown News" reported. "On the Council floor, he has had moments of confusion, and been both humored and manipulated by the other councilmembers. Those who deal with him say that he has moments of tremendous clarity, but that he is largely removed from the day-to-day workings of the office." Lindsay had lost "some control of his hands and has had trouble writing." City Council President John Ferraro said that Lindsay had "deteriorated to the point where he was incapable of doing his job." Lindsay was sent to a hospital again when, in the midst of the excitement occasioned by a planned visit to City Hall by South African anti-apartheid leader Nelson Mandela, he forgot to take his diabetes medicine and collapsed.
He was brought to a hospital in Inglewood, California, where he remained until his fellow City Council members talked about removing him from his Council seat because he had been outside the Los Angeles city limits for more than 90 days. He was then transferred to "another facility within Los Angeles to make him less vulnerable to efforts to unseat him."
By then in his 28th year as a City Council member, Lindsay died in a Hollywood hospital December 28, 1990, "as a result of a long illness which began with a severe stroke in early September that left him paralyzed on the right side and unable to speak and, at the end, was complicated by a heart attack." A funeral service was held at Victory Baptist Church, and he was buried in Evergreen Cemetery. Lindsay was a member of People's Baptist Church.
Public service.
Lindsay became involved in Democratic and labor politics and became so influential that his bosses in Water and Power "called on him to turn out the black vote on various bond issues." He was on the board of directors of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People from 1953 to 1958 and was also an NAACP vice president. He was tapped by City Council candidate Kenneth Hahn as his aide to turn out the Negro vote. Hahn won and when he later became a county supervisor he appointed Lindsay as a field deputy, a job that Lindsay held for ten years, until 1963.
City Council.
Appointment and elections.
"See also List of Los Angeles municipal election returns, 1963 and after.
Lindsay became Los Angeles's first black council member at the age of 62 when, with the backing of the political Hahn brothers—Gordon and Kenneth—he was appointed to a vacant 9th District Council seat in January 1963 after Ed Roybal won election to Congress. He won election in his own right later in the year and was reelected to eight successive terms. As the years passed, he proclaimed himself the "Emperor of the Great 9th District." Lindsay's term of 27 years was surpassed only by those of John S. Gibson, Jr. (30 years), Marvin Braude, 31 years, Ernani Bernardi (32 years) and John Ferraro (35 years).
Positions.
Developers. Over the years, Lindsay attracted criticism "that he was too cozy with big developers, that he favored Downtown Los Angeles and neglected the neighborhoods." He was often criticized for supporting Downtown "at the expense of the southern portion of his district." But City News Service writer Cathy Franklin said of him: "During his nearly three decades in office, the downtown area exploded into one of the premier business centers of the world." 
Blue lights. Lindsay clashed "in a bitter personal exchange" with Councilman Ernani Bernardi when the latter introduced a resolution aimed at removing the blue lights that Lindsay had had installed on the rear of his city automobile. Lindsay later agreed to remove the lights but said: "The thing that disturbs me is that my colleagues equivocate over frivolous motions that amount to nothing. They gag at a gnat and swallow a camel."
Morals. The 9th District councilman opined that San Fernando Valley communities would "not be having problems with topless-bottomless bars if moral levels matched those" of his Downtown Los Angeles and South L.A. district. "We have clean-minded people and a clean district," he said. "All this junk is out there where the affluent aristocrats, the holier-than-thou people live."
Council members. Interviewed by "Los Angeles Times" reporter Janet Clayton for an article about relationships among City Council members, Lindsay noted in 1984 that "All the council members get along fine when they need a vote. Otherwise, they can't stand each other, or I should say, don't genuinely like each other. They each have their own agenda, you know." He said he has a "simple formula" for deciding issues: "When I give my word on a vote, I haven't reneged, least not more than a half dozen times in 20 years. I vote my district, then my friends, and, what's good for me."
Skid Row. The "Times" noted that Lindsay, "whose district includes Skid Row, has always favored upscale commercial and residential development in the area, the last big undeveloped stretch of downtown Los Angeles." In 1987 the councilman, along with a group of business owners objected to putting more residential and treatment centers in Skid Row on the grounds they were "drawing the homeless, including the mentally ill" to an area that had "great potential for commercial growth."
Afterword.
In April 1992, a Superior Court jury ruled that Juanda Chauncie, Lindsay's 40-year-old girlfriend, had taken advantage of the councilman to gain control of his money and property. The five-woman, seven-man panel ruled that Chauncie had used undue influence over him and awarded $235,000 to Lindsay's stepson and estate. Attorney Johnnie Cochran's firm represented the estate.
References.
Access to some "Los Angeles Times" links may require the use of a library card.

</doc>
<doc id="2908106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908106" title="Podophyllin">
Podophyllin

Podophyllin is a resinous powder obtained by precipitating an alcoholic tincture of the rhizome of American Mayapple ("Podophyllum peltatum") or "Podophyllum emodi" by means of water acidified with hydrochloric acid. It varies in color from grayish to bright yellow or greenish-brown, the first-named being the purest. It was once commonly used against HPV-induced genital warts because it contains antiwart lignans. Podofilox, a purified form of the main active ingredient, is currently recommended instead due to its higher efficacy and safety.
The powder is soluble in alcohol and strong solutions of alkalis, such as ammonia. Its composition is somewhat complex. There are certainly at least two resins in the powder (which is known officially as "Podophylli resina"), one of them being soluble and the other insoluble in ether. Each of these contains an active substance, which can be obtained in crystalline form, and is known as podophyllotoxin. It is soluble in alcohol, ether, chloroform and boiling water.
Reactivity.
Alkalis decompose it into picro-podophyllic acid and picro-podophyllin, minute traces of both of which occur in a free state in the rhizome. The acid is inert, but picro-podophyllin is an active agent.
It is a crystalline body, soluble only in concentrated alcohol. Hence the inutility of the pharmacopeial tinctura podophylli, which cannot be diluted before administration. The properties of podophyllin resin vary with the reaction of the tissue with which it is in contact; where this is acid the drug is inert, the picro-podophyllin being precipitated.
The resin does not affect the unbroken skin, but may be absorbed from a raw surface, and will then cause purging. When taken internally it is both a secretory and an excretory cholagogue, but so irritating and powerful that its use in cases of jaundice is generally undesirable. In certain cases of constipation of hepatic origin, it may have value. It is largely used in patent medicines, usually as an auxiliary to aloes.
Toxicity.
In toxic doses, podophyllin causes intense enteritis, with all its characteristic symptoms, and severe depression, which may end in death. The treatment is symptomatic, there being no specific antidote.
Even when podophyllin resin is used topically, it can be systemically absorbed into the body, and fatal and near-fatal reactions have been reported, particularly when it is used extensively or on mucous membranes. Neither podophyllin resin nor podofilox lotion or gel is used during pregnancy because these medications can be harmful to the fetus. The most common side effects near the application site are skin reactions, including burning, redness, pain, itching, swelling. There is some concern about the mutagenicity of some of the flavonoids in podophyllin.
Medical uses.
Podophyllin has been used to remove genital warts since its efficacy was first demonstrated in 1942, although the reliability of this early report has been questioned. This requires one application of podophyllin resin per week to the warts by a health professional, which is then washed off after 4 to 6 hours. Petroleum jelly may be used to protect normal tissue near the warts from irritation. A health professional usually applies the resin once a week for at least 6 weeks or until warts disappear. It is unstable and therefore must be prepared shortly before use, which has possibly led to the lower efficacy shown in some clinical trials.
Podophyllin is also used to treat molluscum contagiosum in the genital area. As the molluscum lesions can sometimes be quite numerous, scarring and hypopigmentation become an issue with cryosurgery.
Contraindications.
Contraindications include diabetes mellitus, poor circulation, corticosteroid therapy, pregnancy, breast-feeding, and application to bleeding warts, moles, birthmarks, or unusual warts with hair growing from them.

</doc>
<doc id="2908108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908108" title="Podophyllotoxin">
Podophyllotoxin

Podophyllotoxin (abbreviated as PPT), otherwise known as podofilox, is a non-alkaloid toxin lignan extracted from the roots and rhizomes of "Podophyllum" species. Under the trade names Condylox, a gel, and Wartec, a solution or cream, it is used on the skin as a topical treatment of external genital warts, caused by some types of the human papillomavirus (HPV), and other warts. PPT and its synthetic derivatives display a wide selection in medical applications such as purgative, vesicant, antirheumatic, antiviral, and antitumor agents. These derivatives include etoposide, teniposide, and etopophos. Their anticancer activity has been heavily under study and used in various chemotherapies, including lung cancer, lymphomas, and genital tumors.
Natural abundance.
It is present at concentrations of 0.3 to 1.0% by mass in the rhizome of American Mayapple ("Podophyllum peltatum"). Another common source of podophyllotoxin is the rhizomes of "Podophyllum hexandrum" Royle (Berberidaceae). 
It is biosynthesized from two molecules of coniferyl alcohol by phenolic oxidative coupling and a series of oxidations, reductions and methylations.
Structural characteristic.
The structure of podophyllotoxin was first elucidated in the 1930s. Podophyllotoxin bears a four consecutive chiral centers, labelled C-1 through C-4. The molecule also contains four almost planar fused rings. Four ends of podophyllotoxin have oxygen atoms at the functional groups dioxoles, methoxys, lactone, and secondary alcohol.
Derivatives of podophyllotoxin are synthesized as properties of the rings and carbon 1 through 4 are diversified. For example, ring A is not essential to antimitotic activity. Aromatization of ring C leads to loss of activity, possibly from ring E no longer being placed on the axial position. In addition, the stereochemistry at C-2 and C-3 configures a trans-lactone, which has more activity than the cis counterpart. Chirality at C-1 is also important as it implies an axial position for ring E.
Biosynthesis.
Although the biosynthetic route of podophyllotoxin has yet to be completely elucidated, several studies have suggested a common pathway starting from coniferyl alcohol being converted to (+)-pinoresinol in the presence of a one-electron oxidant through dimerization of stereospecific radical intermediate. Pinoresinol is subsequently reduced in the presence of co-factor NADPH to first lariciresinol, and ultimately secoisolariciresinol. Lactonization on secoisolariciresinol gives rise to matairesinol. Secoisolariciresinol is assumed to be converted to yatein through appropriate quinomethane intermediates, leading to podophyllotoxin.
Side effects.
Application can be immediately followed by burning or itching. Small sores, itching and peeling skin can also follow.
Usages and applications.
Podophyllotoxin displays a range of activities such as cathartic, purgative, antiviral, vesicant, and antihelminthic. Additionally, the lignan and its derivatives are exciting leads for anti-tumor agent. For instance, podophyllotoxin is the pharmacological precursor for the important anticancer drug etoposide.
Mechanism of action.
Etoposide, a semisynthetic derivative of podophyllotoxin, induces DNA breakage through its inhibition of topoisomerase II. The drug is most active in the late S and early G2 phases of the cell cycle. Teniposide is an analog with very similar pharmacologic characteristics. 
Podophyllotoxin derivatives display binding activity to the enzyme topoisomerase II during the late S and early G2 stage. For instance, etoposide binds and stabilizes the temporary break caused by the enzyme, disrupts the reparation of the break through which the double-stranded DNA passes, and consequently stops DNA unwinding and replication. Mutants resistant to either podophyllotoxin, or to its topoisomerase II inhibitory derivatives such as etoposide (VP-16), have been described in Chinese hamster cells. The mutually exclusive cross-resistance patterns of these mutants provide a highly specific mean to distinguish the two kinds of podophyllotoxin derivatives.

</doc>
<doc id="2908113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908113" title="Marder">
Marder

Marder may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2908116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908116" title="Akita Station">
Akita Station

Lines.
Akita Station is served by the following lines.
Station layout.
Akita Station is an elevated station, consisting of four island platforms serving eight tracks for regular trains, and two bay platforms for the Akita Shinkansen. The station has a "Midori no Madoguchi" staffed ticket office and a View Plaza travel agency.
History.
Akita Station opened on 21 October 1902. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of JNR on 1 April 1987. A new station building was completed in 1997.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2012, the station was used by an average of 11,143 passengers daily (boarding passengers only). The passenger figures for previous years are as shown below.

</doc>
<doc id="2908118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908118" title="Mérida cable car">
Mérida cable car

The Mérida Cable Car () is the cable car in Venezuela. Its base is located in the Venezuelan city of Mérida at an altitude of , and its terminus is on Pico Espejo, at . The whole system was opened to the public in 1960; it was closed indefinitely in 2008, with a declaration that it had reached the end of its service life and is being rebuilt. The Mérida cable car is the highest and largest cable car in the world.
Structure.
The Mérida Cable Car is constituted by four cable cars connected serially, making it easy to move across and overcome the unevenness between the city of Mérida and the Espejo Peak.
Each section of the route has two lanes, in each lane there is a cable-car that has a capacity to transport 36 passengers. The cable-car moves with a velocity of thanks to the suspended cable that is actioned by an engine. There are two different engines: the first in the La Montaña station that serves to the section between that station and the La Aguada station. The other one is located in the Loma Redonda station and serves the rest of the sections.
History and administration.
This technological achievement emerged from a project of the former Andean Venezuelan Club ("Club Andino Venezolano") in 1952, and its purpose was to make it easier for tourists and Andeans to ascend to the Sierra Nevada de Mérida. The idea was approved by the national government. In 1955 were started the topographic studies that would allow the design of the project and its immediate construction. In December 1956 the route towards the mountains was first traced.
On November 8, 1957, the first car of the Loading System arrived to La Aguada, overcoming the natural barriers of the Andean forests. Even if the inauguration was initially set amidst the celebration of the 400th anniversary of the city, it was never made official because of the death of Pius XII. In the end, the system opened to the public in March 1960.
The cable car itself was built in France by 25 different companies, hired by the famous enterprise Applevage, a specialist in cable cars. Other foreign companies assumed specialized tasks: Eggeca was in charge of the civil works; Egecom in charge of the metal structures; Sucre-Barret was also responsible for important tasks. The first three sections of the Loading cable car were built by the German company "Heckel" and the last one by the Swiss company "Habegger".
Director of the works was Maurice Comte from France. Also standing out because of their work were several professional veterans from Italy, like Giovanni Rizzi, and Switzerland, like Raymond Ruffieux. Most of the work was performed by workers from towns from Mérida. Technicians and engineers came from many foreign countries, including Poland, Yugoslavia, Colombia and Haiti. The international contribution was evident up until its closure in 2008 as operators on the route would often speak in French, rather than Spanish.
The cable car is owned by the Venezuelan State and is under responsibility of the Vice-Ministry of Tourism.
Closing.
On August 11, 2008 the Venezuelan Ministry of Tourism made it known that there would be an indefinite closure of the cable car service to the general public. Ten days later Titina Azuaje, head of the Ministry of Tourism, issued a press release informing that the closing had been decided on the basis of a conclusive report made by The Doppelmayr Group, which recommended not to make further repairs to the existing aerial tramway system since it reached the end of its service life. The construction of a brand-new cable car is underway with a 2012 reopening planned.

</doc>
<doc id="2908122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908122" title="Cap (crown)">
Cap (crown)

The cap of a crown is the cap which fills the inner space of a modern crown. While ancient crowns contained no cap, from mediaeval times it became traditional to fill the circlet with a cap of velvet or other such cloth, with a base of ermine. 
While the precise reason for the inclusion of a cap is unknown, two reasons are often given:
Not all crowns contained cloth caps. Some caps were metallic and heavily jewelled. 

</doc>
<doc id="2908130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908130" title="Sandringham Hotel, Newtown">
Sandringham Hotel, Newtown

The Sandringham Hotel is a pub in the suburb of Newtown in the inner-west of Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia.
The pub has a long history and is the spiritual homeland to several of Sydney's bands, including Frenzal Rhomb and The Whitlams. It is known locally as "The Sando".
Before renovations in the late 1990s, the pub had a unique layout. The downstairs bar (only bar at this stage) had an art-deco theme and was essentially a large square in the middle of the pub, with patrons surrounding the outside of it and a stage in the opposite corner. It was possible to sit at the bar and watch the band who were at the other side of the bar in the corner. The front-middle stage used to jut into one corner of the square bar allowing performers to rest their beer on the bar at the front of the stage.
The pub underwent further renovations in the early 2000s and now hosts a large downstairs bar with a small auditorium upstairs where bands play.

</doc>
<doc id="2908137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908137" title="Arved Fuchs">
Arved Fuchs

Arved Fuchs (born 26 April 1953 in Bad Bramstedt, Schleswig-Holstein) is a German explorer. On December 30, 1989, he and the famous mountain climber Reinhold Messner were the first to reach the South Pole without animal or motorised help, on skis, and with wind-assistance (parasail). Many of his expeditions have been placed on water, such as his failed attempt to sail around North Pole on a traditional sailing boat (1991-1994). This boat, named Dagmar Aaen, is still used by Fuchs on his current expeditions.

</doc>
<doc id="2908143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908143" title="Higashi-Noshiro Station">
Higashi-Noshiro Station

Lines.
Higashi-Noshiro is served by the Ōu Main Line and Gonō Line. It is located 355.4 km from the terminus of the Ōu Main Line at Fukushima Station, and is the southern terminus of the Gonō Line.
Station layout.
Higashi-Noshiro Station consists of one side platform and one island platform, serving a total of three tracks. The station has a "Midori no Madoguchi" staffed ticket office.
History.
Higashi-Noshiro Station opened on November 1, 1901 as on the Japanese Government Railways (JGR), serving the village of Ogifuchi, Akita. It was renamed on November 1, 1909, and renamed again to its present name on June 15, 1943. JGR became the Japanese National Railways (JNR) after World War II. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of JNR on April 1, 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="2908145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908145" title="Rob Preece">
Rob Preece

Rob Preece (BSc. Adv. Dip. Transpersonal Psychology UKCP reg.), is a contemplative psychotherapist in the United Kingdom. A practicing Buddhist since 1973, he has spent many years in retreat in the Himalayas. He taught at Sharpham Buddhist College in Devon and was a trainer at the Transpersonal Centre in London. His resume discussed his experience as a meditation teacher and Thangka painter (Buddhist icons) and is the author of "The Psychology of Buddhist Tantra" and "The Wisdom of Imperfection". His work explores a bridge between Transpersonal Psychology and Buddhism and he has a particular interest in spiritual pathology. He leads meditation retreats, and workshops comparing Jungian and Buddhist psychology.

</doc>
<doc id="2908147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908147" title="Desert National Wildlife Refuge Complex">
Desert National Wildlife Refuge Complex

The Desert National Wildlife Refuge Complex is a protected wildlife refuge, administered by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, located north and west of Las Vegas, Nevada in northwestern Clark, southwestern Lincoln, and southern Nye counties in southern Nevada. The complex covers over 1.5 million acres (6,000 km²) and includes the Ash Meadows National Wildlife Refuge, the Desert National Wildlife Refuge, the Moapa Valley National Wildlife Refuge, the Pahranagat National Wildlife Refuge, and the Amargosa Pupfish Station.
Species of concern in the Wildlife Refuge Complex.
Endangered.
Endangered species include:

</doc>
<doc id="2908155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908155" title="2004 IAAF Golden League">
2004 IAAF Golden League

The 2004 IAAF Golden League was a series of track and field meetings organised by the International Association of Athletics Federations.
Originally taking place in Oslo, Rome, Monaco, Zürich, Brussels and Berlin, the Bislett Games was temporarily moved from Oslo to Fana (Bergen) due to the redevelopment of the Bislett stadion. The athletes (in selected events) who won their event at all six meetings took a share of a $1 million jackpot.

</doc>
<doc id="2908157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908157" title="Kawabe Station (Aomori)">
Kawabe Station (Aomori)

History.
Kawabe Station was opened on December 1, 1894 as a station on the Japanese Government Railways, the predecessor to the Japan National Railways (JNR) on the Ōu Northern Line. From August 15, 1912, a spur line became operations to Kuroishi, and from September 25, 1918, the Mutsu Railways (present-day Gonō Line) began operations from Kawabe Station. On November 1, 1984, operations on the Kuroishi Line were transferred from JNR to the Konan Railway. All freight operations were discontinued from April 1987. With the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987, it came under the operational control of JR East. The Kuroishi Line ceased operations from April 1, 1998.
Station layout.
Kawabe Station has two island platform, serving three tracks, connected to the station building by an overpass. The station is attended during normal working hours, and has a Green Window service counter. The fourth track normally associated with two island platforms has not been in use since April 1, 1998 with the discontinuation of the Kuroishi Line.

</doc>
<doc id="2908158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908158" title="Anguilla Progressive Party">
Anguilla Progressive Party

The Anguilla Progressive Party is a political party in Anguilla. 
At the last elections, 21 February 2005, the party won 9.5% of the vote, but no seats. 

</doc>
<doc id="2908164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908164" title="Chubb">
Chubb

Chubb is the name of several individuals and companies:

</doc>
<doc id="2908165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908165" title="Enmore Theatre">
Enmore Theatre

The Enmore Theatre is a theatre and entertainment venue in Sydney, since opening in 1908 it is the longest running live music venue still operational in New South Wales. It is located on Enmore Road in the suburb of Enmore, south-west of the adjoining suburb, Newtown and is a medium-sized venue. The Enmore Theatre's distinctive (pre) art deco style has led to it being listed in the Historic Buildings Register of the Australian Institute of Architects, and the theatre's listing in the Office of Environment and Heritage states that the building "illustrates the development of suburban theatres in the late 1930s - early 1940s and is of social significance for the local community"
Australian comedy acts that have played at the theatre include:
Merrick and Rosso, Wil Anderson, Lano and Woodley, Rove McManus, and Carl Barron. The Enmore Theatre is becoming known as a major space for children's entertainment featuring acts such as The Wiggles, Justine Clarke, The Fairies & Lah-Lah. It was the venue of several Miss Globe pageants during the 1950s and 1960s.
The history and atmosphere of the building have attracted some of the world's largest bands, and recent international acts which have played the Enmore Theatre include Nas, The Rolling Stones, Oasis, Paramore, Coldplay, The Offspring, Arctic Monkeys, The White Stripes, Noel Gallagher, Kraftwerk, and Marilyn Manson.

</doc>
<doc id="2908172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908172" title="Fancheng District">
Fancheng District

Fancheng District () is a district of the city of Xiangyang, Hubei, People's Republic of China.
History.
Fancheng was an ancient city in Hubei, situated on the northern side of the Han River, opposite Xiangyang on the southern side of the river. Throughout history, the city has served both military and economic purposes, and was famous for numerous battles including the Battle of Fancheng during the Three Kingdoms period and the Siege of Xiangyang during the Mongol invasions. 
In 1949, Fancheng was merged with Xiangyang to form Xiangfan, a prefecture-level city. Fancheng is now a district of that city, encompassing and having a population of 630,000, according to a 2004 census.

</doc>
<doc id="2908180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908180" title="Canadian University College">
Canadian University College

Canadian University College is an independent publicly funded university located in Lacombe. It is sponsored by the Seventh-day Adventist Church in Canada and is affiliated with the Association of Theological Schools. The school's official mission statement is to educate learners to think with discernment, to believe with insight and commitment and to act with confidence, compassion, and competence. The college places emphasis on service in local and global communities.
History.
Canadian University College traces its roots to the first Seventh-Day Adventist secondary school in Alberta, established in 1907 in Leduc. In 1909, a site outside Lacombe was chosen. In 1919, the school became a junior college. In 1947, it began its first four-year program in theology and adopted the name Canadian Union College. In 1997, CUC's name was changed to Canadian University College. It and the nearby Hamlet of College Heights was annexed by Lacombe in 2000.
Programs.
Canadian University College offers Bachelor of Arts (BA) degrees, Bachelor of Science (BSc) degrees, a Bachelor of Business Administration degree (BBA), a Bachelor of Education degree (BEd) and a Bachelor of Music (BMus) degree. Degrees are approved by the Campus Alberta Quality Council (CAQC) and the Alberta Ministry of Advanced Education. Areas of study include Adventure Based Counselling, Behavioural Science, Biology, Business, Elementary Education, Secondary Education, English, General Studies, History, International Studies, Music, Outward Pursuits, Psychology, Religious Studies, and Wellness Management.
Affiliations.
Affiliated with Canadian University College and operating on the same campus, are Parkview Adventist Academy (a boarding school for grades 10-12), an elementary school, a La Sierra University extended campus program offering a Master of Arts degree from the La Sierra University School of Education, and an Andrews University extended campus program offering a Master of International Development Administration.

</doc>
<doc id="2908182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908182" title="Berisal">
Berisal

Berisal is a town in the canton of Valais, Switzerland. The town is part of the municipality of Ried-Brig and lies on the auto route E62 between the city of Brig-Glis to the northwest and the town of Rothwald to the southwest.

</doc>
<doc id="2908192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908192" title="Dream of Life">
Dream of Life

Dream of Life is an album by Patti Smith, released in June 1988 on Arista Records. It was her first album after the dissolution of The Patti Smith Group. Lead single "People Have the Power" received some album-oriented rock airplay at the time, and later was revived by Bruce Springsteen as a theme song for the 2004 Vote for Change concerts. Songs from this album were performed live for the first time in a show on December 29, 2006 in New York Bowery Ballroom. "Paths That Cross" is dedicated to the memory of Samuel J. Wagstaff.
The album was ranked number 49 on "Sounds magazine" list of the best albums of the year.
Track listing.
All songs were written by Patti Smith and Fred "Sonic" Smith.
Personnel.
Additional personnel

</doc>
<doc id="2908195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908195" title="Fremont Group">
Fremont Group

Fremont Group is a private investment group based in San Francisco, California, USA. It was formerly known as Bechtel Investments, reflecting its ownership by the Bechtel family.
The firm consists of three business areas:
Other Organizations.
In 2007, Calera Capital, a San Francisco based private equity firm that spun out of the Fremont Group (its first institutional investor), changed its name from Fremont Partners as part of a rebranding effort in advance of raising its fourth private equity fund.
The Fremont Group also makes a note of distinguishing itself from Fremont General Corp, a financial services company and Fremont Investment & Loan, a retail bank.
Controversy.
On May 5, 2003, "The New Yorker" ran an article revealing that the bin Laden family has invested $10 million in The Fremont Group.
The investments represent a small fraction of the assets managed by Fremont, which has counted former Secretary of State George P. Shultz as a director.

</doc>
<doc id="2908207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908207" title="The Global Development Alliance">
The Global Development Alliance

The Global Development Alliance (or GDA) is a program of the United States Agency for International Development (USAID). It was created in May 2001 as a new way to effectively provide aid to developing countries through public-private partnerships. The GDA model combines the energy and resources of corporations, foundations, the faith-based community, indigenous organizations, and other nontraditional partners, with the technical expertise and experience of the U.S. Government. It is a new business model for the 21st Century: aligning public resources with private capital, expertise and networks to deepen development impact. These public-private alliances are a response to the reality of an ever-growing private sector that has the potential to have a large impact in the developing world. GDAs mobilize the combined resources of participating partners to stimulate economic growth, develop businesses and workforces, address health and environmental issues, and expand access to education and technology. Alliances are co-designed, co-managed and co-funded so that the risks, responsibilities, and rewards are equally shared amongst the partners.
History.
The Global Development Alliance was created in 2001, after career Foreign Service Officers identified the potential of - and need for - public-private alliances in international development. In his remarks before Congress on May 15, 2001, Secretary of State Colin L. Powell introduced the GDA as "a fundamental reorientation in how USAID sees itself in the context of international development assistance, in how it relates to its traditional partners and in how it seeks out and develops alliances with new partners." From there, the GDA assistance model has helped in the creation of many productive and effective partnerships between the U.S. Government and the private sector. USAID is working with corporations both globally and locally to increase the effectiveness of assistance by leveraging more than $9 billion for development in public and private resources. Since 2001, over 3,000 distinct partners have been engaged in building over 1,000 public-private alliances. Within the Agency, the Office of Development Partners/Private Sector Alliances Division (ODP/PSA) is the steward of the GDA program. ODP/PSA has four mandates as follows:
Current Alliances.
The Global Development Alliance model has grown quickly since its creation, and USAID is now involved in hundreds of partnerships supporting economic growth, health, education, democracy and governance, environment, and conflict resolution all around the globe. USAID works with everyone from large multinational corporations to small indigenous organizations to improve the lives of people in developing countries.
In December 2006, ODP/PSA published a report, Public-Private Alliances on Transformational Development. The report is an introduction to the GDA model for businesses and nonprofits interested in partnering with USAID. It also presents an overview of some of the public-private partnerships formed using the GDA model.
Tools and Publications.
The Private Sector Alliances Division provides a variety of tools to help alliance builders build successful and sustainable partnerships. The GDA database, a comprehensive gathering of USAID alliances, is one such tool that is available to the public. In addition to various online toolkits, ODP/PSA provides publications that offer key guidance during the alliance building process.
The following is a list of important tools and publications provided by PSA:
Awards.
In 2005 the Global Development Alliance was awarded the very first Lewis and Clark Award for Innovation in Collaborative Governance. The Weil Program on Collaborative Governance and the Ash Institute for Democratic Governance and Innovation at Harvard's Kennedy School of Government established this award to recognize and reward efforts in collaborative governance. In addition, USAID awards the GDA Excellence Award to private sector organizations or Agency Missions that have exhibited exemplary partnership models.

</doc>
<doc id="2908213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908213" title="President's Award">
President's Award

The President's Award may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2908223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908223" title="1985 in Australia">
1985 in Australia

See also:

</doc>
<doc id="2908224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908224" title="Klein geometry">
Klein geometry

In mathematics, a Klein geometry is a type of geometry motivated by Felix Klein in his influential Erlangen program. More specifically, it is a homogeneous space "X" together with a transitive action on "X" by a Lie group "G", which acts as the symmetry group of the geometry.
For background and motivation see the article on the Erlangen program.
Formal definition.
A Klein geometry is a pair where "G" is a Lie group and "H" is a closed Lie subgroup of "G" such that the (left) coset space "G"/"H" is connected. The group "G" is called the principal group of the geometry and "G"/"H" is called the space of the geometry (or, by an abuse of terminology, simply the "Klein geometry"). The space of a Klein geometry is a smooth manifold of dimension
There is a natural smooth left action of "G" on "X" given by
Clearly, this action is transitive (take ), so that one may then regard "X" as a homogeneous space for the action of "G". The stabilizer of the identity coset is precisely the group "H".
Given any connected smooth manifold "X" and a smooth transitive action by a Lie group "G" on "X", we can construct an associated Klein geometry by fixing a basepoint "x"0 in "X" and letting "H" be the stabilizer subgroup of "x"0 in "G". The group "H" is necessarily a closed subgroup of "G" and "X" is naturally diffeomorphic to "G"/"H".
Two Klein geometries and are geometrically isomorphic if there is a Lie group isomorphism so that . In particular, if "φ" is conjugation by an element , we see that and are isomorphic. The Klein geometry associated to a homogeneous space "X" is then unique up to isomorphism (i.e. it is independent of the chosen basepoint "x"0).
Bundle description.
Given a Lie group "G" and closed subgroup "H", there is natural right action of "H" on "G" given by right multiplication. This action is both free and proper. The orbits are simply the left cosets of "H" in "G". One concludes that "G" has the structure of a smooth principal "H"-bundle over the left coset space "G"/"H":
Types of Klein geometries.
Effective geometries.
The action of "G" on need not be effective. The kernel of a Klein geometry is defined to be the kernel of the action of "G" on "X". It is given by
The kernel "K" may also be described as the core of "H" in "G" (i.e. the largest subgroup of "H" that is normal in "G"). It is the group generated by all the normal subgroups of "G" that lie in "H".
A Klein geometry is said to be effective if and locally effective if "K" is discrete. If is a Klein geometry with kernel "K", then is an effective Klein geometry canonically associated to .
Geometrically oriented geometries.
A Klein geometry is geometrically oriented if "G" is connected. (This does "not" imply that "G"/"H" is an oriented manifold). If "H" is connected it follows that "G" is also connected (this is because "G"/"H" is assumed to be connected, and is a fibration).
Given any Klein geometry , there is a geometrically oriented geometry canonically associated to with the same base space "G"/"H". This is the geometry where "G"0 is the identity component of "G". Note that .
Reductive geometries.
A Klein geometry is said to be reductive and "G"/"H" a reductive homogeneous space if the Lie algebra formula_4 of "H" has an "H"-invariant complement in formula_5.
Examples.
In the following table, there is a description of the classical geometries, modeled as Klein geometries.

</doc>
<doc id="2908226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908226" title="Jan Włodarkiewicz">
Jan Włodarkiewicz

Lieutenant Colonel Jan Włodarkiewicz (1900–1942; noms de guerre "Damian", "Darwicz" and "Odważny") was a Polish soldier, an officer of the Polish Army and a freedom fighter during World War II. He is notable as the first commander of the Wachlarz, the first secret service formed by an underground resistance organization in occupied Europe.
Jan Włodarkiewicz was born May 28, 1900 in Warsaw. A graduate of the prestigious "Stanisław Staszic" gymnasium in Warsaw, in his youth Włodarkiewicz took part in several anti-tsarist youth organizations. After the outbreak of World War I he joined the clandestine Polish Military Organization, where he received basic military training.
After the war he remained in the Polish Army and since 1918 served in all conflicts Poland fought in. Initially in the Nieśwież-based Polish 27th Uhlans Regiment, in 1929 he was assigned to the staff of the 9th Independent Cavalry brigade in Baranowicze. After his successful service there, in 1930 he was assigned to the Centre for Cavalry Training in Grudziądz. In 1935 he was promoted to rotmistrz (captain of cavalry). Since then until the outbreak of World War II he served in the Polish General Staff as an officer officially responsible for the training of reserve Polish cavalry units. In reality, he served in the "Special Command" entitled with organization of partisan warfare, diversion and railroad sabotage of the 2nd Department of the Polish General Staff.
After the outbreak of the Polish Defensive War of 1939 he was ordered to supervise the creation of various reserve cavalry units in the Cavalry Reserve Centre in Garwolin. On September 15 he formed a cavalry squadron out of marauders and left-overs from various units. Together with the unit, he joined the Polish 41st Infantry Division and fought in the ranks of the Lublin Army. For his merits he was promoted to major and managed to survive the defeat together with his unit. After the Polish defeat in the battle of Kock, which ended the Polish campaign, he initially wanted to break through besieged Warsaw and then, after its fall, to Hungary or Romania. However, the Soviet-German cooperation prevented him from getting close to the border and on October 15, 10 days after the last major Polish unit capitulated to the Germans, he disbanded the unit under his command in the village of Mrozy.
Włodarkiewicz and most of his men hid their weapons and broke through to Warsaw. There in November 1939 Włodarkiewicz met his wartime companion and deputy, Witold Pilecki. Together they formed the Secret Polish Army, one of the first resistance movements in Poland and the occupied Europe. In 1940 the organization melted into a larger merger of resistance groups, the Confederation of the Nation and Włodarkiewicz assumed the military command over the latter organization's forces. In summer of that year he met with Stefan Rowecki, the commander of Związek Walki Zbrojnej (ZWZ), the predecessor of Armia Krajowa. Together they formed the Wachlarz, a separate organization entitled with sabotage and intelligence between the pre-war Polish eastern border and the German Eastern Front. Włodarkiewicz was named the commander of the organization and in September 1941 he joined the ZWZ. Awarded to Lieutenant Colonel, in March 1942 he left for Lwów, where he planned to visit the local network of the 1st Sector of the Wachlarz. However, shortly after his arrival, on March 19, 1942 he died in unknown circumstances.

</doc>
<doc id="2908245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908245" title="Fusulinida">
Fusulinida

The Fusulinida is an extinct order within the Foraminifera in which the tests (shells) are composed of tightly packed, secreted microgranular calcite. In advanced forms the test wall is differentiated into two or more layers. Loeblich and Tappan, 1988, gives a range from the Lower Silurian to the Upper Permian, with the fusulinid foraminifera going extinct with the Permian–Triassic extinction event.
Taxonomy.
Thirteen superfamilies are presently recognised, based on taxa (families) included in the three superfamilies given in the Treatise. Three are based on families in the Parathuramminacea, 1964, and nine on families in the Endothyracea, 1964. The Fusulinacea remains the same in both sources (Treatise 1964 and Loeblich and Tappan, 1988).
Terminology.
The term "fusulinid" applies to any of the Fusulinida. The Fusulinida are fusulinids (sensu lato). However, the term "fusulinid" is often applied just to the fusiform Fusulinacea and not to the entire order.
Application.
Members, especially of the Fusulinacea, are excellent index fossils for determining ages and correlating Upper Mississippian to Permian strata. In some places fusulinaceans may be so abundant as to be a significant component of limestone.

</doc>
<doc id="2908246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908246" title="Enthesopathy">
Enthesopathy

In medicine, an enthesopathy refers to a disorder of entheses (bone attachments).
If the condition is known to be inflammatory, it can more precisely be called an enthesitis.
Enthesopathies are disorders of peripheral ligamentous or muscular attachments, abnormalities in the zones of attachment, for ligaments and tendons to bone.
Examples.
Examples include spondyloarthropathy such as ankylosing spondylitis, plantar fasciitis, and Achilles tendinitis.

</doc>
<doc id="2908251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908251" title="Las Vegas Bay">
Las Vegas Bay

Las Vegas Bay is a bay at the western edge of Lake Mead in the U.S. state of Nevada. The bay is located within the Lake Mead National Recreation Area to the northeast of the city of Henderson, Nevada, near the junction of Lake Mead Drive and Lake Mead Boulevard. A public campground and boat access are available in Las Vegas Bay. Low water levels of Lake Mead have rendered the marina there inoperable, and it has moved to the Hemenway Boat Harbor, in the south end of the Boulder Basin. The launch ramp there has also been closed due to the water levels.
The bay is the natural discharge point for the Las Vegas Wash.

</doc>
<doc id="2908254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908254" title="Baby Doll (disambiguation)">
Baby Doll (disambiguation)

Baby Doll is a 1956 film written by Tennessee Williams and directed by Elia Kazan.
Baby Doll may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2908257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908257" title="Dottorato di ricerca">
Dottorato di ricerca

The dottorato di ricerca (research doctorate) is the highest Italian academic degree, the equivalent of a Ph.D.
The "dottorato" is a relatively recent addition to the Italian academic landscape, having been instituted in 1980. 
According to the Bologna Process, Italy fits the framework since the adoption, in 1999, of the so-called "3+2 system". The first degree is the "Laurea" that can be achieved after three years of studies. Selected students can then complete their studies in the following step: two additional years of "specialization" which leads to the "Laurea Magistrale".
The "Laurea" corresponds to a Bachelor's Degree while the "Laurea Magistrale" corresponds to a Master's Degree. Only the Laurea Magistrale grants access to third cycle programmes (Post-MA degrees, Doctorates or Specializing schools), that last 2 to 5 years (usually completing a PhD takes 3 years). However, it is now established that there is just a unique five-year degree "Laurea Magistrale a ciclo unico" ("Single cycle master's degree") for programmes such as Law (Facoltà di Giurisprudenza), Arts (Accademia di Belle Arti) and Music (Conservatorio di Musica). The title for MA/MSc/MFA/MD/MJur/MEd graduate students is "dottore" (abbreviation in "dott."/"dott.ssa" or "dr.", meaning Doctor). This title is not to be confused with the PhD and Post-MA graduates, whose title is "Dottore di Ricerca" ("Research Doctor" or "Philosophy Doctor").
The Italian Master's Degree should not be confused with Italian "Masters" that are one-year specialistic courses which guarantee a more practical education but do not give access to further levels of studies (they can be considered similar to Postagraduate diplomas).
The term "dottore" is frequently used in Italy to refer to any person with a university "Laurea": thus, a person with a "laurea magistrale" uses the title "dottore magistrale" and a person with a "laurea" uses the title of "dottore". Those unfamiliar with the Italian university system or the Italian use of titles should note that a ""dottore"" or ""dottoressa"" in an Italian context does not necessarily hold a Ph.D. Holders of the "dottorato" acquire the title of "dottore di ricerca" ("doctor of research") also abbreviated to "Dott. Ric." or "Ph.D.".
Superior Graduate Schools in Italy.
The first institution in Italy to create a doctoral program (PhD) was Scuola Normale Superiore di Pisa in 1927 under the historic name ""Diploma di Perfezionamento"".
Further, the research doctorates or PhD (Italian: "Dottorato di ricerca") in Italy were introduced with law and Presidential Decree in 1980 (Law of February 21, 1980, No. 28 and the Presidential Decree No. 382 of 11 July 1980), referring to the reform of academic teaching, training and experimentation in organisation and teaching methods.
Hence, the Superior Graduate Schools in Italy (Grandes écoles) (Italian: "Scuola Superiore Universitaria"), also called "Schools of Excellence" (Italian: "Scuole di Eccellenza") such as Scuola Normale Superiore di Pisa and Sant'Anna School of Advanced Studies still keep their reputed historical ""Diploma di Perfezionamento"" PhD title by law and MIUR Decree.
The Superior Graduate Schools in Italy or Scuola superiore universitaria have “Diplomi di Perfezionamento “, which are equivalent to “Dottorati di Ricerca” (PhD).:

</doc>
<doc id="2908259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908259" title="Veran">
Veran

Veran may refer to:
Véran may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="2908264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908264" title="Richard Beer-Hofmann">
Richard Beer-Hofmann

Richard Beer-Hofmann (born 11 July 1866 in Vienna – died 26 September 1945 in New York) was an Austrian dramatist and poet.
After the early death of his mother, Beer-Hofmann was raised by his aunt's family in Brno and Vienna. In the 1880s he studied law in Vienna, receiving his doctorate in 1890. In the same year he became acquainted with the writers Hugo von Hofmannsthal, Hermann Bahr and Arthur Schnitzler, with whom he shared a long friendship and membership in the Jung Wien (Young Vienna) literary movement. He consequently began his literary activities as a freelance writer.
At first Beer-Hofmann wrote novellas, later moving on to short stories and poetry. In the 1920s he worked as a theatre director for Max Reinhardt, a role which continued until 1932. In 1939 Beer-Hofmann emigrated from Austria, and travelled to New York via Zurich. Subsequently, his works were banned in Austria and Germany. In 1945 he became a United States citizen, but died that same year.
Beer-Hofmann's literary output consists primarily of novellas, dramas, and poems. It can be considered part of the literary current of the Wiener Moderne. Beer-Hofmann received several notable literary awards, including the Volksschillerpreis in 1905 in Germany and the award of the National Institute of Arts and Letters in 1945 in the United States. One year after his death the Beer-Hofmann Society was created in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="2908276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908276" title="Hopkin">
Hopkin

Hopkin is an English language patronymic surname meaning "son of Hob", derived from the masculine given name "Hob" meaning "famous". There are variants
including "Hopkins". Hopkin is uncommon as a given name. People with the name Hopkin include:

</doc>
<doc id="2908281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908281" title="Forest of Argonne">
Forest of Argonne

In 1792 Charles François Dumouriez outmaneuvered the invading forces of the Duke of Brunswick in the forest before the Battle of Valmy.
The forest was also the site of military action during World War I, the Meuse-Argonne Offensive. Several United States Army soldiers earned the Medal of Honor there, including Colonel Nelson Miles Holderman, Major Charles White Whittlesey, and Sergeant Alvin C. York - most of them part of the "Lost Battalion".
The World War I Montfaucon American Monument consists of a large granite Doric column, surmounted by a statue symbolic of Liberty. The monument is located twenty miles northwest of Verdun. It is not far from the Meuse-Argonne American Cemetery and Memorial.

</doc>
<doc id="2908283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908283" title="Gaisce – The President's Award">
Gaisce – The President's Award

Gaisce – The President's Award () is an award in Ireland, earned by young people between the ages of 15 and 25 for participating in several activities for a certain period. There are three awards; bronze, silver and gold. 
The term "gaisce" is from the Irish language and can be translated as "achievement". The award was established by a trust deed under the patronage of the President of Ireland on 28 March 1985. In 1988 the award became part of the Duke of Edinburgh's International Award Association. The profile of the award was raised substantially during the term of Mary Robinson.
Overview.
Every participant has the support of a "PAL" (President's Award Leader). It is not a competition, the only person you compete with is yourself. The PAL guides you through the challenges and sets appropriate activities.
Gaisce's mission is to contribute to the development of all young people through the achievement of personal challenges. Awards can be entered directly (without a previous award) or indirectly (from a previous award). There are four challenges in each award, which all must be outside school (except ECDL):
or
Bronze.
Participants must be at least age 15 to enter. A minimum of one hour a week is required. There are five sections to complete;
Silver.
Participants must be at least age 16 to enter. A minimum of one hour a week is required. There are five sections to complete if entering directly to the silver award with no previous Bronze Gaisce award, four if entered from with a Bronze award already received;
Gold.
Participants must be at least age 17 to enter. A minimum of one hour a week is required. There are five sections to complete if entering directly to the gold award with no previous Silver Gaisce award, four if entered from with a silver award already received;
or
The award is presented at a regional ceremony by either a famous person (bronze/silver) or the President of Ireland (gold).
Affiliation with Scouting Ireland.
Gaisce is now closely affiliated with Scouting Ireland. It is integrated into the new 'One Program' for those who are at the qualifying age. Scouts can achieve the Bronze Gaisce, Venture Scouts can achieve the Silver Gaisce, and Rover Scouts can achieve the Gold Gaisce. All leaders who have been invested into Scouting Ireland and who have the appropriate training can take the role of being a PAL, if they so desire.
Also Scouting Ireland has an award scheme called the Chief Scout's Award which is an award that runs in conjunction with the Gaisce, although it is considered by many to be more difficult. Scout, Venture Scout, and Rover Scout Chief Scout's Awards are affiliated with the Bronze, Silver and Gold Gaisce Awards. Through the Chief Scout's award you can in turn earn your Gaisce, but this does not work the other way around; if you have completed your Gaisce you do not receive your Chief Scout's award as well.
Summary Of Requirements.
Bronze Award (15+ years).
All Participants must undertake a further 3 months in either the Service, Skills or Physical Recreation.
Silver Award (16+ years).
People who do not have the Bronze Award must undertake a further 6 months in either the Service or the longer of the Skills or Physical Recreation Sections.
Gold Award (17+ years).
People who do not have the Silver Award must undertake a further 6 months in either the Service or the longer of the Skills or Physical Recreation Sections.
Joint Award Initiative.
In Northern Ireland participants completing the Duke of Edinburgh's Award can choose to accept a certificate from the Gaisce or an International Award Certificate instead of a Duke of Edinburgh certificate. 

</doc>
<doc id="2908298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908298" title="Enimex">
Enimex

Enimex was an airline based in Tallinn, Estonia. It operated cargo and passenger charter flights, and wet lease operations worldwide. Its main base was Lennart Meri Tallinn Airport.
History.
The airline was established and started operations on 26 September 1994. In March 2006, Estonia's Civil Aviation Administration cancelled the Enimex licence for passenger flights. Enimex's Antonov An-72 aircraft had been used for scheduled passenger flights in Finland, but were regarded by the authorities as not intended for passengers. The passenger licence had apparently been granted by Estonian authorities "by mistake", but it had not been cancelled before, because the planes had not been used for scheduled passenger flights. As a result Soder Airlines had to cancel its flights to Finnish Lapland because the plane operated by Enimex was also denied permission to carry passengers by the Finnish Civil Aviation Authority.
Fleet.
During its existence Enimex operated following aircraft:
Incidents and accidents.
There have been two accidents involving passenger fatalities on Enimex, with a total of 4 fatalities:

</doc>
<doc id="2908307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908307" title="Quidenham">
Quidenham

Quidenham is a small rural village and civil parish in the English county of Norfolk.
It covers an area of and had a population of 576 in 183 households at the 2001 census. For the purposes of local government, it falls within the district of Breckland.
It is situated north-east of the town of Thetford and south-west of the city of Norwich.
The place-name 'Quidenham' is first attested in the Domesday Book of 1086, where it appears as 'Cuidenham', and means 'Cwida's ham or village'. The name 'Cwida' corresponds to the Old High German name 'Quito'.
There is a local tradition that Queen Boudica or Boadicea is buried in Quidenham. Quidenham Hall is now a Carmelite nunnery and hospice for sick children.
The church of Quidenham St Andrew is one of 124 existing round-tower churches in Norfolk.
Quidenham is also the location of the annual music festival Play Fest.
Snetterton Motor Racing Circuit is partially located in Quidenham parish, albeit to the north-west of the village. Eccles Road railway station, on the Breckland Line between Cambridge and Norwich, is a similar distance to the north of the village.

</doc>
<doc id="2908314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908314" title="Charles A. Allen (Los Angeles)">
Charles A. Allen (Los Angeles)

__NOTOC__
"Not to be confused with Don A. Allen, Los Angeles City Council member, 1947–57."
Charles A. Allen was on leave from his job as supervisor of the Los Angeles City Hall parking garage when he was elected to the Los Angeles City Council in 1941. He was reelected in 1943 and 1945, but in the April 1947 primary election his victory — already certified by the City Council—was set aside by court order, a recount was made, and he had to face a final election the next month, which he lost to Kenneth Hahn.
A native of Missouri, where he was a captain in the National Guard and was given the nickname "Cap," Allen was in the grocery business and ran several Los Angeles area markets. He was also active in clubs and civic associations. He took the garage job in 1935 and ran for Los Angeles City Council District 8 six years later in an election to succeed 12-year veteran Councilman Evan Lewis. He won that year and was reelected twice more.
In 1940, the 8th District was bounded on the north by Vernon Avenue, on the west by Western Avenue, on the east by the city limits or Alameda Street and on the south by about Slauson Avenue.
Positions.
Allen was sworn in as a council member on May 14, 1941, to fill the unexpired term of Councilman Evan Lewis, who had died on May 5. Lewis's term was to end on June 30, and Allen's elected term was to begin July 1.
These are two of the positions he took during his six years of service:
Minorities, 1945. During debate on a proposal to establish an interracial committee "devoted to the interests of so-called minority groups," Allen said he was opposed because he was:"convinced that this is a Communistic setup and that the people who have been associated with this effort have been misled." The proposed ordinance was killed by an 8-6 vote.
Radio, 1946. He voted in favor of a resolution condemning the sending of individual letters by city councilmen to support any given radio station in making an application to the Federal Communication Commission. He denounced an organization, the Hollywood Community Radio Group, Inc., which had solicited such letters because its membership, he said, "contains names of persons with reputed Communist sympathies."
References.
Access to the "Los Angeles Times" links requires the use of a library card.

</doc>
<doc id="2908316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908316" title="It's All About You (Not About Me)">
It's All About You (Not About Me)

"It's All About You (Not About Me)" is the first single from Tracie Spencer's third album, "Tracie". The single was released on June 27, 1999. It was written by Heavynn, Karlin, and Schack. This was Spencer's first single since "Love Me" in 1992. A remix version features Black Thought from The Roots.
Chart information.
"It's All About You (Not About Me)" was a successful comeback single for Spencer, hitting #6 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart and #18 on The Billboard Hot 100.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Francis Lawrence.

</doc>
<doc id="2908323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908323" title="S. N. Behrman">
S. N. Behrman

Samuel Nathaniel Behrman (June 9, 1893 – September 9, 1973) was an American playwright, screenwriter, biographer, and longtime writer for "The New Yorker."
Biography.
Early Years.
Behrman's family immigrated from what is now Lithuania to the United States, where Samuel Nathaniel Behrman was born, the youngest of three sons, in a tenement in Worcester, Massachusetts in 1893. His parents spoke little English, and his father was a Talmudic scholar. (Though known for his sophisticated comedies and worldly characters, Behrman fondly dramatized his family-centered, impoverished childhood in one of his last plays, the 1958 "The Cold Wind and the Warm," an autobiographical drama starring Eli Wallach, Maureen Stapleton, and Morris Carnovsky.) His own path, however, took him far from the Orthodox world of his parents.
A schoolmate and intimate friend, Daniel Asher, brought him to the theater when he was eleven to see "Devil's Island", inspiring in him a love of the stage. "When he was a boy, Behrman saw all the famous plays and players of the first decade the twentieth century as an usher in a Worcester theater." At fifteen, he ran away from home with another schoolmate for four days and stayed in New York City. Life in Worcester began to appear increasingly limited. At seventeen, he saw a production of George Bernard Shaw's "Caesar and Cleopatra" at Boston's Park Street Theatre that determined him on his course; that play "seduced me to the theatre," he later remarked. After graduating from high school, Behrman attempted a career as an actor on the vaudeville circuit. Bad health forced him to quit, and he returned home to Worcester and attended Clark University. There he studied under the noted psychologist G. Stanley Hall and heard Sigmund Freud lecture on his 1909 American tour. He immersed himself in the plays of Ibsen, Strindberg, Shaw, Arthur Pinero, and Maurice Maeterlinck.
College.
College was a mixed experience for Behrman. He was repeatedly suspended for failing mandatory physical education classes. Daniel Asher, who devotedly believed in his friend's future, urged Behrman to take courses at nearby Harvard University. There he enrolled in an English composition class with the renowned writing instructor, Charles Townsend Copeland. He was suspended at Clark again in his sophomore year, at which time he transferred to Harvard. (in 1949, Clark University awarded Behrman an honorary degree.) While in Copeland's class in 1915, he sold a short story to the magazine "The Parisienne". He then submitted one of his dramatic manuscripts to George Pierce Baker, whose playwriting workshop was one of the university's most respected courses. (Other famous alumni of the class include Eugene O'Neill, Thomas Wolfe, Sidney Howard, and Philip Barry.) Baker was impressed with Behrman's student work. In the "New York Tribune" nineteen years later, he would title an essay "Baker's Last Drama Lecture: From Aeschylus to Behrman," in tribute to his famous student. In 1916, Behrman was the only undergraduate in the legendary "47 Workshop" playwriting class, where he studied George Meredith's comedy. He earned his B.A. at Harvard and went on to graduate studies at Columbia University.
While at Columbia, where he received his M.A. in 1918, Behrman studied under the noted theater critic and historian Brander Matthews. He was supported for a time by his brothers Hiram and Morris, who ran a successful accounting firm and who were willing to help their younger brother complete his education and try to establish himself as a writer. Living in a cold-water flat in Manhattan, Behrman worked in his twenties as a book reviewer, newspaper interviewer, and press agent, collaborated on three undistinguished plays, and published short stories in several magazines, including "The Smart Set," the monthly edited by H.L. Mencken and George Jean Nathan. His first play under his own name, "The Second Man," was a dramatization of a story he had written for "The Smart Set" in 1919 and, when produced by the Theater Guild in 1927, made his reputation. Noël Coward, who became a friend, acted in the London production.
Writing career.
From the late 1920s through the 1940s, S.N. Behrman was considered one of Broadway's leading authors of "high comedy," was often produced by the famous Theatre Guild, and wrote for such stars as Ina Claire, Katharine Cornell, Jane Cowl, and the acting team of Alfred Lunt and Lynn Fontanne, who became his good friends. One journalist remembered him from this period as "slim, dark-eyed, curly-haired...with the brooding melancholy of a young Jewish intellectual." Theater critic and historian Brooks Atkinson described Behrman as "one of the Guild's most adored authors." Along with Elmer Rice, Maxwell Anderson, Robert E. Sherwood, and Sidney Howard, he was later one of the five founding members of the Playwright's Company. Among his greatest Broadway successes were "Biography" (1932), "End of Summer" (1936), and "No Time for Comedy" (1939). His stage adaptation of Enid Bagnold's novel "Serena Blandish" became a success for actress Ruth Gordon. A well-read man of wide culture, he also adapted plays by Jean Giraudoux and Marcel Achard and "Jane," a short story by his good friend W. Somerset Maugham. With composer Harold Rome, he adapted Marcel Pagnol's "Fanny" trilogy into a musical play for the stage.
In Hollywood, Behrman enjoyed a lucrative second career as a screenwriter. He wrote screenplays for Greta Garbo, including "Queen Christina", "Conquest", and her final film, "Two-Faced Woman". With Sonya Levien, he co-wrote the screen play for the 1930 film version of Ferenc Molnár's "Liliom", starring Charles Farrell and Rose Hobart. His experiences in Hollywood found dramatic form in the play "Let Me Hear the Melody" (1951), a failure that closed in pre-Broadway tryouts. He also collaborated on the screenplays for "Anna Karenina" (1935), "A Tale of Two Cities" (1935), and "Waterloo Bridge" (1940).
Berhman's comedies repeatedly celebrate tolerance, yet show how tolerant people in their generosity are often vulnerable when confronted by fanatics or ruthless opportunists. In "End of Summer", a liberal household is threatened by a devious psychoanalyst who is able to play upon the family's weaknesses in his desire for wealth and power. Behrman's protagonists often feel inadequate to deal with the evils and injustices in the world. The hero of "No Time for Comedy", a successful author of stylish comedies for his actress-wife, feels the need to write a serious play in response to the Spanish Civil War. When he fails at this attempt, he resolves to go to Spain himself and fight. The play asks the question: Is there a place for comedy in a violent and unjust world? The protagonist of "Biography" laments a political landscape that is divided between left- and right-wing extremes, leaving little space for a tolerant, humane middle ground.
Behrman's columns for "The New Yorker" included profiles of such notable figures as composer George Gershwin, Hungarian playwright Ferenc Molnár, Zionist leader Chaim Weizmann and entertainer Eddie Cantor as well as longer pieces that became highly regarded biographies of writer and dandy Max Beerbohm and art dealer Joseph Duveen. His autobiographical essays, also serialized in "The New Yorker," appeared in two volumes, "The Worcester Account" (1955) and "People in a Diary" (1972). He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1959.
Behrman was known for his warm, witty personality and enjoyed good relations with many other writers, both in and out of the theater world. A newspaper interview he conducted with Siegfried Sassoon, when the British poet was visiting New York after World War I, led to a lifelong friendship and many visits to Sassoon's country house when Behrman was in England. While not gay himself, Behrman was especially supportive of the tribulations of Sassoon's always turbulent love life. Work on dramatizing a short story by Somerset Maugham led to a relaxed, bantering relationship with that British writer as well and many visits to Maugham's home on the Riviera. Publisher Bennett Cerf repeatedly urged Behrman to write a biography of Maugham, feeling that he knew him as well as anyone. It was a project Behrman toyed with throughout the 1960s, but ultimately declined on the advice of "New Yorker" editor William Shawn. When in Italy, he was a welcome guest of Max Beerbohm, whose biography he wrote in 1960, four years after Beerbohm's death.
Major Works.
Behrman's two most anthologized plays, which continued to be revived in regional theaters through the twentieth century, are "Biography" (1932) and "End of Summer" (1936). Like many of Behrman's plays, they are character studies more than plot-filled dramas.
"Biography" tells the story of Marion Froude, a noted portrait painter, who has been prevailed upon by an abrasive leftwing publisher, Richard Kurt, to write her serialized memoirs for his magazine. A former lover with senatorial aspirations, Leander Nolan, hopes to marry into a conservative, politically well-placed southern family. He wants Marion to abandon the project, fearing that he will be named in her book and his plans derailed. A liberal woman who has painted both Roman Catholic prelates and Lenin himself, Marion must choose (she destroys her manuscript in the end), but is ultimately alienated by both Kurt's proletarian rigidity and Leander's smug conservatism. "Biography" starred Ina Claire and ran on Broadway for 219 performances.
"End of Summer" is about three women of different generations and values: forty-ish Leonie Frothingham, her elderly mother, and her nineteen-year-old daughter, Paula. The three women, insulated from the Depression and its harsh realities by their money, live in summer comfort on an estate in Maine. A visiting psychiatrist disrupts their complacency. He is attracted to both the divorced Leonie and her daughter but schemes to marry Leonie to gain control of her money, until his plan is revealed by Paula. Other characters, including a young man romantically attached to Paula and a Russian emigre-friend of the family, visit the house and talk about their lives, aspirations, and political leanings. Will, Paula's potential fiance, cannot reconcile his activist politics with the thought of marrying into a family with so much money. One writer described "End of Summer" as "a Chekhovian play which emphasizes the disappearance or demise of an old, conservative order by Leonie's mother and the emergence of the new, more radical way of American life." The play also starred Ina Claire and ran on Broadway for 153 performances.
"People in a Diary" (1972), a memoir, could also be regarded as a major Behrman work and a well-crafted example of its genre. Published eighteen years after his first memoir, "The Worcester Account," it is a collection of autobiographical essays and sketches culled from the sixty volumes of diaries Behrman had been keeping since his time at Harvard in 1915. "An odd quirk of destiny has put a great many people in my way," he wrote in a significant understatement, declaring that his purpose in the book was to "revive their society" and the vibrant times they had shared. The cast of characters in "People in a Diary" gives an idea of the breadth and depth of Behrman's life: e.g., Greto Garbo, Laurence Olivier, Louis B. Mayer, Jean Giradoux, Somerset Maugham, Eugene O'Neill, Noël Coward, Maxwell Anderson, Elmer Rice, Sidney Howard, Felix Frankfurter, Bernard Berenson, the Gershwins, and the Marx Brothers. The book also contains some biting observations about the direction modern America had taken in the 1960s as it waged war in Vietnam and became more obsessed with money and imperial ambitions.
Death.
S.N. Behrman died in 1973 at the age of eighty. He was survived by his wife, Elza Heifetz Behrman, the sister of violinist Jascha Heifetz, whom he had married in his forties, and a son. Brooks Atkinson wrote of Behrman, " ethical and political principles have never been appreciated. It is an ancient rule that prizes are not given to comic plays about serious subjects. The court jester invariably ranks with dilettantes and flaneurs." In Atkinson's view, this "this short, rounded, merry, owlish-looking...marvelously erudite and civilized" man was far more than merely a writer of Broadway entertainments.

</doc>
<doc id="2908330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908330" title="ACTEW Corporation">
ACTEW Corporation

ACTEW Corporation Limited is a water, wastewater, electricity, gas and telecommunications public utility that is a government-owned corporation wholly owned by the Government of the Australian Capital Territory. The company's only voting shareholders are the Chief Minister and Deputy Chief Minister of the Australian Capital Territory.
ACTEW Corporation trades principally under the name of ACTEW Water and provides drinking water, wastewater and some stormwater services to the Australian Capital Territory. ACTEW Corporation is also a 50% owner of ActewAGL, a multi-utility provider of electricity and gas services. ACTEW is a joint owner of Ecowise Environmental Pty Limited.
History and relevant legislation.
The origins of the ACTEW Corporation go back to the Australian Public Service. The functions were transferred from the Commonwealth Government to the ACT Government in 1962 when the Australian Capital Territory Electricity Authority was established. Its functions were then transferred to the Australian Capital Territory Electricity and Water Authority in 1998; and the current corporate entity was established under the in 1995. In addition, the company now has obligations under the , , , and the .
In June 2012, ACTEW Corporation did not renew ActewAGL's contact for the management and operation of the water and sewerage network of the ACT and surrounding area, managed since 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="2908332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908332" title="Gethes">
Gethes

In the novel "City of Pearl" by Karen Traviss, Gethes was the name given to humans by the Wess'har. The "gethes" were typically looked down upon by the Wess'har, because of their indifference toward the land, and the fact that they ate animals and by-products of animals. "Gethes" was the Wess'har word for "carrion eater".

</doc>
<doc id="2908337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908337" title="Andy Johns">
Andy Johns

Jeremy Andrew "Andy" Johns (20 May 1950 – 7 April 2013) was a British sound engineer and record producer, who worked on several well-known rock albums, including the Rolling Stones' "Exile on Main Street" (1972), Television's "Marquee Moon" (1977), and a series of albums by Led Zeppelin during the 1970s. His sound is exemplified by Free's album "Highway", which he engineered and produced.
Biography.
Johns, the younger brother of Olympic Studios engineer Glyn Johns, attended The King's School, Gloucester, England in the mid to late 1960s. Before his nineteenth birthday, he was working as Eddie Kramer's second engineer on recordings by Jimi Hendrix and many others. In a career spanning more than forty years, he engineered or produced records by artists ranging from Led Zeppelin and The Rolling Stones to Van Halen and Rod Stewart, whose sales total in excess of 160 million copies.
Johns was the father of Hurt's former drummer, Evan Johns and rock singer/guitarist Will Johns, and uncle of producer Ethan Johns (son of Glyn Johns).
Johns died on 7 April 2013, after a short stay in a Los Angeles hospital being treated for complications from a stomach ulcer. He was 62. Johns is survived by his wife Anet; sons Evan, Jesse and William; grandchildren Lennon, Everly, Charlie and Luca; sister Susan Johns; and brother Glyn Johns.

</doc>
<doc id="2908342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908342" title="Aziz Yıldırım">
Aziz Yıldırım

Aziz Yıldırım (born November 2, 1952 in Ergani, Diyarbakır Province) is currently the 52nd chairman of the Turkish multi sport club Fenerbahçe. He is currently serving his fifth two-year term since coming to helm. He has a degree in civil engineering.
Fenerbahçe SK.
Yıldırım was a professional football player with Diyarbakırspor and Düzcespor. He retired from professional football at the age of 27 in 1979 and started a construction business. For two years, he acted as chairman at Anadolu Üsküdar football club during 1981–82 and 1982–83 seasons. He resumed his career in football administration in 1990 when he became Director of Football at Fenerbahçe in the 1990–91 and 1991–92 seasons. Afterwards, he took up the post of chairman at Düzcespor between 1993–1995. He became Fenerbahçe's chairman in 1998 after Ali Şen's resignation – a position he still holds. During his reign, the professional football team had six Turkish League Championships. Under his leadership, significant changes have been made in the club's infrastructure: Şükrü Saracoğlu Stadium was expanded to a capacity of 55,000 from 30,000. Another significant mark of his success was evident in the 2006–07 season when over 100,000 Fenerbahçe membership cards were sold. The stadium's modern outlook gave the city of Istanbul the right to host UEFA Cup championship in 2009. Moreover, the club's financial portfolio changed dramatically under his leadership. Before 1998, a significant portion of the club's revenues came from media deals. By building a modern stadium and utilizing the vast potential of the millions of Fenerbahçe fans, he decreased this percentage down to about 40%. Spanish daily tabloid AS wrote that his career resembled that of Florentino Perez.
Personal life.
Yıldırım was born in Ergani. He has 3 daughters. On April 7, 2010, he divorced his wife of 30 years. He is now married to Gonca Çelikkıran. On July 3, 2011, Yıldırım was taken into custody over allegations of several cases of match fixing and player manipulation.
2011 Turkish sports corruption scandal.
On July 2, 2012, a Turkish "Special Authority Court" sentenced Yıldırım to three years and nine months for match-fixing and two years and six months for forming an illegal organisation. The sentence was later approved by the Turkish Supreme Court of Appeals. He was detained for one year in Metris Prison together with several other sportspeople involved in the scandal.

</doc>
<doc id="2908344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908344" title="Biblical courtship">
Biblical courtship

Biblical courtship, also known as Christian courtship is a conservative Christian alternative to dating. It is a response to secular dating culture within various American Christian communities, c. 1985 to present. Motivated by concern for the need of Christian values in contrast to secular dating practices, conservative Christians identified what they saw as key Biblical principles for courtship and romance, and began to disseminate them in the 1980s. 
The movement gained widespread exposure following the best-selling response to "I Kissed Dating Goodbye", a popular contemporary treatment of Christian courtship by homeschool student Joshua Harris. Keynote speaker and author Dr. S.M. Davis has developed a unique stand on this philosophy, and his materials have been popular with the homeschool culture since the early 1990s. Proponents of the courtship movement say that it is identified by Biblical principles, rather than particular methods or behavioral practices. These principles have been summarized in by Christina Rogers within the acronym CARE
A more detailed list of courting ideals include:
Each courtship is unique insofar as the methods used to honor these principles will be unique in every given situation. A variety of courtship literature has been established to give guidance to singles and their families regarding the major Biblical principles. A growing body of testimony provides practical insights and understanding into the methods by which courtship advocates have deployed the universal principles of courtship into unique circumstances, such as when one of the parties has been abused or neglected by their parents or when they are older than typical marrying age.
Proponents assert that contemporary Christian courtship cannot be readily compared to historical norms of courtship practice, such as ancient or modern Hebrew or Victorian courtship practices.

</doc>
<doc id="2908355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908355" title="Love Is a Four Letter Word (TV series)">
Love Is a Four Letter Word (TV series)

Love Is a Four Letter Word is an Australian drama written by Matt Ford produced by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation in 2001. It was set and filmed in Newtown, in Sydney, New South Wales, following the lives of a group of friends working in a pub, and the concerns facing urban 20somethings in Australia. One of the regular features of the drama was a performance in the pub by a contemporary Australian band.
See also.
Twentysomething a comedy series from 2007 set in Melbourne.

</doc>
<doc id="2908375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908375" title="James Joyce (biography)">
James Joyce (biography)

James Joyce by Richard Ellmann was published in 1959 (a revised edition was released in 1982). It is widely accepted as a masterpiece of literary biography. Anthony Burgess was so impressed with the biographer's work that he claimed it to be "the greatest literary biography of the century". It provides an intimate and detailed account of the life of Irish modernist James Joyce, which greatly informs an understanding of this author's complex works.

</doc>
<doc id="2908385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908385" title="Chester and Connah's Quay Railway">
Chester and Connah's Quay Railway

The Chester & Connah's Quay Railway ran from Chester Northgate in Chester, Cheshire, England to Shotton, Flintshire, Wales.
It was built by the Manchester, Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway (which later became the Great Central Railway) and was opened on 31 March 1890. At Dee Marsh Junction it connected with the North Wales and Liverpool Railway. It then crossed the River Dee by means of Hawarden Bridge before joining the Wrexham, Mold and Connah's Quay Railway at Shotton.
The line today.
Open portion.
The only section of the Chester & Connah's Quay Railway which remains in use is between Dee Marsh Junction and Shotton, forming part of the Borderlands Line.
Closed portion.
The rest of the line closed to passenger trains in 1968, but remained open to freight trains until 1992. Even though steelmaking operations at the Corus plant at Shotton ceased in March 1980, freight continued to use the double-tracked line until 20 April 1984. Goods services resumed on a single-track line on 31 August 1986 before final closure in 1992. This was precipitated by the closure of Ravenscraig steelworks in Motherwell, Scotland, as freight trains using the line ran between Ravenscraig and Shotton rolling mill.
Cycle path.
Since the line between Chester and Dee Marsh closed, the track has been lifted and the route is now a cycle path, forming part of Route 5 of the National Cycle Network.

</doc>
<doc id="2908386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908386" title="Phoenix Firebirds">
Phoenix Firebirds

The Phoenix Firebirds, formerly the Phoenix Giants, were a Minor League Baseball team that played in Phoenix, Arizona, USA from 1958–1959, and 1966 until 1997.
The franchise was a member of the Triple-A Pacific Coast League (PCL), and were the top minor league affiliate of the San Francisco Giants. The Firebirds were forced to leave Phoenix following the 1997 season, as the new National League expansion team, the Arizona Diamondbacks would begin play in Phoenix the following year. In a complicated series of events, the owners of the Firebirds moved their team to Tucson, Arizona and became the Tucson Sidewinders, dropping their affiliation with the Giants in favor of the expansion Diamondbacks. The owners of the existing Tucson Toros then moved their franchise to Fresno, California, thus ending a 92-year hiatus of PCL baseball in Fresno. The transplanted Toros, renamed the Fresno Grizzlies, became the Giants' new PCL affiliate.
History.
The Firebirds were known as the Phoenix Giants until the 1986 season. They were affiliated with the San Francisco Giants for their entire existence, now a rarity in the minor leagues. The Giants' still have spring training facility in the Phoenix area, but in Scottsdale where the Firebirds played from 1992-1997.
The Giants first came in 1958 but moved to Tacoma, Washington after the 1959 season. In 1966 the franchise returned to the Phoenix area until their move to Fresno. 
The Firebirds played their home games at Phoenix Municipal Stadium until moving to Scottsdale Stadium upon its reopening in 1992. Their final regular season game in 1997 was played at the old ball park known locally as Phoenix Muni, which is also the spring training home of the Oakland Athletics. The team made the 1997 PCL playoffs their final year, which extended their existence by a couple weeks. The Firebirds defeated the Colorado Springs Sky Sox 3-0 in the first round but lost the championship series 3 games to 1 to the Edmonton Trappers.
Championships.
The Phoenix Giants won two PCL championships in 1959 and 1977. The franchise never won a championship title under the Firebirds name.
The franchise's final game was September 11, 1997, a 7-1 loss handing the Edmonton Trappers the 1997 PCL Championship played at Scottsdale Stadium.
Alumni.
Several Giants alumni like Willie Mays, Willie McCovey, Bobby Bonds, Matt Williams and Kirt Manwaring played in Phoenix. Some of the Phoenix alumni went on to San Francisco, to take part in two of the Giants' National League titles (1962 and 1989).

</doc>
<doc id="2908390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908390" title="E. M. Delafield">
E. M. Delafield

Edmée Elizabeth Monica Dashwood, née de la Pasture (9 June 1890 – 2 December 1943), commonly known as E. M. Delafield, was a prolific English author. She is best known for her largely autobiographical "Diary of a Provincial Lady", which took the form of a journal of the life of an upper-middle class Englishwoman living mostly in a Devon village of the 1930s. In sequels, the Provincial Lady buys a flat in London, travels to America, attempts to find war-work during the Phoney War, and tours the Soviet Union.
Life.
Delafield was born in Steyning, Sussex. She was the elder daughter of Count Henry Philip Ducarel de la Pasture, of Llandogo Priory, Monmouthshire, and Elizabeth Lydia Rosabelle, daughter of Edward William Bonham, who as Mrs Henry de la Pasture was also a well-known novelist. The pen name Delafield was a thin disguise suggested by her sister Yoe. She was a debutante in 1909, although it is not known if she ever formally 'came out'. After Count Henry died, her mother married Sir Hugh Clifford GCMG, who governed the colonies of the Gold Coast (1912–19), Nigeria (1919–25), Ceylon (1925–27) and the Malay States.
In 1911, Delafield was accepted as a postulant by a French religious order established in Belgium. Her account of the experience, "The Brides of Heaven", was written in 1931 and eventually published in her biography. "The motives which led me, as soon as I was 21, to enter a French Religious Order are worthy of little discussion, and less respect" she begins. This account includes being told by the Superior that if a doctor advised a surgical operation "your Superiors will decide whether your life is of sufficient value to the community to justify the expense. If it is not, you will either get better without the operation or die. In either case you will be doing the will of God and nothing else matters." She finally left when she learned that Yoé was planning to join another enclosed order: "the thought of the utter and complete earthly separation that must necessarily take place between us was more than I could bear".
At the outbreak of World War I, she worked as a nurse in a Voluntary Aid Detachment in Exeter, under the formidable command of Georgiana Buller (daughter of a general who held the Victoria Cross, and later a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire), and her first novel "Zella Sees Herself" was published in 1917. At the end of the war she worked for the South-West Region of the Ministry of National Service in Bristol, and published two more novels. She continued to publish one or two novels each year until nearly the end of her life.
On 17 July 1919, she married Colonel Arthur Paul Dashwood, OBE, an engineer who had built the massive docks at Hong Kong Harbour. After two years in the Malay States, Delafield insisted on coming back to England and they lived in Croyle, an old house in Kentisbeare, Devon, on the Bradfield estate where he became the land agent. She had two children, Lionel and Rosamund. At the initial meeting of the Kentisbeare Women's Institute, Delafield was unanimously elected president, and remained so until she died.
She was a great admirer and champion of Charlotte M. Yonge, and an authority on the Brontës. In 1938 Lorna Mesney became her secretary, and kept a diary to which Delafield's biographer was given access.
Delafield's son Lionel died in late 1940, some suggest by his own hand, something from which she never recovered. Three years later, after collapsing while giving a lecture in Oxford, Delafield died on 2 December 1943 after a progressive decline which first necessitated a colostomy and visits to a neurologist. She was buried under her favourite yew tree in Kentisbeare churchyard, near her son. Her mother survived her and died in October 1945. Her daughter, Rosamund Dashwood, emigrated to Canada.
Delafield was parodied in a 2004 episode ‘Diatribe of a Mad Housewife’ of "The Simpsons" as the character Esmé Delacroix.
"Diary of a Provincial Lady".
Delafield became great friends with Margaret Mackworth, 2nd Viscountess Rhondda and became a director of "Time and Tide". When the editor 'wanted some light "middles", preferably in serial form, she promised to think of something to submit'. It was thus in 1930 that her most popular and enduring work "Diary of a Provincial Lady" was born. This largely autobiographical novel substituted the names of "Robin" and "Vicky" for her own children, Lionel and Rosamund. It has never been out of print.
The novel inspired several sequels which chronicled later portions of her life: "The Provincial Lady Goes Further", "The Provincial Lady in America", and "The Provincial Lady in Wartime". She later worked for the Ministry of Information. The "Dictionary of National Biography" says "On the outbreak of the Second World War, she lectured for the Ministry of Information and spent some weeks in France." - however we can surmise from "The Provincial Lady in Wartime" that in fact she spent quite a bit of time vainly looking for 'proper' war work and working in an ARP canteen.
In 1961, Delafield's daughter, Rosamund Dashwood, published "Provincial Daughter", a semi-autobiographical account of her own experiences with domestic life in the 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="2908393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908393" title="The Ballad of Frankie Lee and Judas Priest">
The Ballad of Frankie Lee and Judas Priest

"The Ballad of Frankie Lee and Judas Priest" is a song on Bob Dylan's 1967 album "John Wesley Harding". He has performed the song live in 1987 (with the Grateful Dead), 1988, and 2000.
The plainly spoken ballad is the longest song on "John Wesley Harding", without chorus, bridge, or a refrain to vary its structure. Like the rest of the album, the instrumentation is very sparse. The story has Frankie Lee responding to suggestions and temptations of his friend Judas Priest, which leave him to die "of thirst" after 16 nights and days in a home with 24 women.
Andy Gill speculates that early verses of Frankie agonizing over Judas' offer of money echo Dylan's business dealings. To Frankie worldly delights are represented as "Paradise," though the devilish Judas recognizes their true price is "Eternity" - Frankie's mortal soul.
Unusually for a Dylan song, "The Ballad of Frankie Lee and Judas Priest" ends with a moral, telling the listener "the moral of this story, the moral of this song, is simply that one should never be where one does not belong", to help one's neighbor with his load, and "don't go mistaking Paradise/for that home across the road."
Heavy metal band Judas Priest derived their name from this song.
Swedish Punk Rock band Franky Lee derived their name from this song.

</doc>
<doc id="2908400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908400" title="Mile Ilić">
Mile Ilić

Mile Ilić (; born June 2, 1984) is a Serbian professional basketball player, formerly of the New Jersey Nets of the NBA. Ilić, a 2.15 m tall (7'1") center, was drafted by the Nets in 2005 as the 43rd overall pick, and began his rookie season in 2006-07.
The Nets signed Ilić on September 13, 2006, as a foreseeable future backup for countryman Nenad Krstić. On February 26, 2007 the Nets assigned him to the Colorado 14ers, their NBA Development League affiliate. Ilić thus became the first player that the Nets assigned to the D-League since instituting affiliate teams (prior to the 2005-06 NBA season).
On October 29, 2007, he was traded by the Nets to New Orleans Hornets along with Bernard Robinson for David Wesley (both Ilić and Robinson were immediately waived by the Hornets).
After getting waived in the NBA, Ilić returned to Europe signing with Russian League club Lokomotiv Rostov on November 26, 2007.
On February 24, 2008, Ilić was signed by CB Bilbao Berri, team from the Spanish ACB. Hampered by the recovery process from a leg injury he only appeared in 10 games for the club averaging 5.6 points and 4.1 rebounds per game.
During the summer 2008 offseason, Ilić signed for CB Sevilla on July 28, 2008.
In March 2013, he signed to play with Vojvodina Srbijagas until the end of the season. In October 2013, he signed with Mahram Tehran BC. In January 2014, he signed with MIA Academy. 

</doc>
<doc id="2908402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908402" title="Doug Herland">
Doug Herland

Douglas "Doug" John Herland (August 19, 1951 – March 26, 1991) was a 1984 Summer Olympics bronze medal Winner, coxing the Men's Pair with coxswain (2+) event. Following his successes at the Olympics, Herland began the "Freedom on the River" campaign, obtaining government funding for materials and equipment necessary for disabled people to row. 
Throughout the rest of his life, Herland would continue to champion and promote adaptive rowing. Born with brittle bone disease "(Osteogenesis Imperfecta)", Herland stood a mere 4'8" (142 cm) and weighed 107 pounds (48.5 kg). 

</doc>
<doc id="2908410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908410" title="Mount Alveria">
Mount Alveria

Mount Alveria is a mountain located in the Province of Siracusa, south-eastern Sicily, Italy. 
History.
This mountainside has been inhabited since prehistoric times. The Elymians lived there before the 10th century B.C. They were followed by the Sicani and then the Siculians. Many Bronze age artefacts have been found in this locality. One of the oldest archeological sites in the area is the Necropolis of Castelluccio though to date from the 17th-15th centuries BC. The Roman Villa of Tellaro has also been excavated on Mount Alveria. 
Mount Alveria was the original site of the city of Noto. Noto was relocated to a more level site 10 kilometres away after the earthquake of 1693. The ruins of the old city of Noto, known today as Noto Antica, still remain on a ridge on the mountain side.

</doc>
<doc id="2908421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908421" title="Juist">
Juist

Juist () is one of the seven inhabited East Frisian Islands at the edge of the Lower Saxon Wadden Sea in the southern North Sea, located between Borkum Island (west), Memmert Island (southwest) and Norderney (east). It is also a municipality in the district of Aurich in Lower Saxony in Germany.
Juist is 17 km long and 500 m to 1 km wide (this depends on the level of tide, which sinks and falls about 2.5 m in 6 hours). There are two villages on the island: the main village Juist, and Loog.
Transportation.
Juist can be reached from Norddeich train station and ferry port on the East Frisian mainland by the ferries of Reederei Norden-Frisia Frisia II, Frisia VI, Frisia IX, Frisia X at high tide - that means usually only once a day.
A non-tide-dependent way to reach the island is offered by the Airline FLN, though the weather conditions are sometimes - especially in winter - so bad that the airline has to cancel all flights for a day.
Their 4-seat Cessna and their four 10-seat Britten-Norman Islanders serve Juist airport, which has the second highest number of movements in Lower Saxony after the capital airport Hannover.
The passage by ship takes - depending on the wind and the water level - about 90 minutes; a flight takes just 7 minutes.
Only the fire department, the German Red Cross and doctors have motor vehicles - the police have only 'office bikes'. The post office and the shipping company each have one electric car.
Some institutions like the shipping company and a branch of the Coastal defence authority have tractors, but need a special license, every time they want to navigate through the town. All other transports like garbage collection, building material, guest luggage, pizza service etc. are done by bike or horse-drawn carriage.
'Skyline'.
What people can see from the North Sea as 'skyline' are just two buildings: the water tower and an old hotel, which looks a bit like the German Reichstag since its restoration.
The lighthouse at the port is not high enough to be seen from the North Sea - has no nautical importance, not even for the ferries to the island.
Its use is rather to make the port area look nicer.
Hammersee.
A natural specialty is lake Hammersee, a fresh water lake in the western third of the island.
In the 17th and 18th century Juist was cut in two parts by several storm tides (see St. Peter's Flood).
Around the year 1770 people started to close the 2 km wide burst at the southern side by a dune dike.
As recently as 1928 the northern side was repaired.
By that time, the water in the lake had turned from saltwater to freshwater.
Sinead Morrissey's poem 'Restoration' uses Juist as a metaphor for isolation.
Sweet water, where salt water is all around.
Juist is - seen with the geologist's eye - nothing but sand.
Rain water which drips into the sand has a lower density than saltwater, which makes a kind of fresh water bubble float over the saltwater around and deep under the island.
That's why Juist island does not have a fresh water pipeline to the mainland - and it is also what made the Hammersee turn into a fresh water lake.
Bill - Westend.
Bill is northern German dialect word for 'butt' and 'end'.
At the western end of Juist, there is a large sandbank, the "Billreef". It looks absolutely empty like a sand desert.
But with a spyglass, especially during bird migration time, one can see large flocks of birds that will rest on the island, up to 30,000 at one time.
The Dunlin, Grey Plover and Knot have a long way to go - for example from Tamyr peninsula in Siberia and to Africa.
Their break in the Wadden Sea is essential, because these birds need to eat a lot of food in the shortest time possible to move on quickly.
That's why Billreef is a natural reserve.
The beach and the dunes are eroded by the sea in the western part of Juist. The edge of the dunes moves about five metres to the south each winter.
Things like this happen on every East Frisian island - some islands moved so far that the town had to be rebuilt several times. Every island except Juist and Langeoog have big concrete groyne at their western end.
Tourism.
Tourism is the main source of income for Juist's economy. In almost all the buildings on the island are guestrooms. There are also several hotels and a youth hostel.
Because of its unpolluted air, the island is popular for those with respiratory complaints.
Politics.
On September 9, 2001 Juist citizen voted for their mayor directly for the first time. Karl-Josef Wederhake won the election. He was re-elected in September 2006.
Island partnership.
There is an island partnership between Juist and Hiddensee in Baltic Sea.

</doc>
<doc id="2908422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908422" title="Clarksville, Illinois">
Clarksville, Illinois

Clarksville is an unincorporated community approximately ten kilometers northwest of the city of Marshall, Illinois in east central Illinois. The village lies in on the north edge of Clark County in Dolson Township.
Clarksville was founded in 1851. In its heyday it hosted the usual variety of services for local farmers and other inhabitants including a blacksmithy, general store, school and church. Only the latter (Clarksville Baptist Church, with a Southern Baptist affiliation) has persisted to the present day. Its century old previous structure was recently vacated in favor of a larger new building completed in 2005. A cemetery between the two structures houses the remains of settlers and area inhabitants, some born in the 18th century.
After decades of decline as increased mobility made small local shops uncompetitive with the larger facilities in nearby towns, Clarksville is enjoying a modest resurgence in population. The damming of Mill Creek directly to the south of the village, and the establishment of an extensive county park along the lake, have created demand for several modestly upscale new subdivisions along the north edge of Mill Creek Lake. Several storage facilities provide frequent visitors to the park a means of warehousing their boats near the lake, and a small restaurant/bait shop (Mill Creek Restaurant) provides park visitors and locals with a social outlet. A local telephone cooperative provides telephone service to residents of the village and the surrounding area. Clarksville is also the home to Mill Creek Mushrooms, Inc. which specializes in growing organic specialty mushrooms (Shiitake, Blue/Grey Oyster, Pink Oysters, etc...) indoors for distribution year round.
Geography.
Clarksville is located at 39°27'06" North, 87°47'52" West (39.4517020, -87.7978078). Located on Glacial Moraines

</doc>
<doc id="2908429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908429" title="Yol">
Yol

Yol (Turkish for "The Road" or "The Way") is a 1982 Turkish film directed by Yılmaz Güney. The screenplay was written by Güney, and it was directed by his assistant Şerif Gören, who strictly followed Güney's instructions, as Güney was in prison at the time. Later, when Güney escaped from prison, he took the negatives of the film to Switzerland and later edited it in Paris. As a result, the film was selected as the Swiss entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 55th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
The film is a portrait of Turkey in the aftermath of the 1980 Turkish coup d'état: its people and its authorities are shown via the stories of five prisoners given a week's home leave. The film has caused much controversy in Turkey, and was banned until 1999 due to Yılmaz Güney's involvement rather than its content.
Plot.
"Yol" tells the story of several prisoners on furlough in Turkey. Seyit Ali (Tarık Akan) travels to his house and finds that his wife (Şerif Sezer) has betrayed him and works as a prostitute. She was caught by her family and held captive for Seyit Ali to end her life in an honor killing. Though apparently determined at first, he changes his mind when his wife starts to freeze while travelling in the snow. Despite his efforts to keep her alive, he eventually fails. His wife's death relieves Seyit Ali from family pressure and he is saved from justice since she freezes but he has an internal struggle and must return to jail.
Mehmet Salih (Halil Ergün) has been arrested for his role in a heist with his brother-in-law, whom he abandoned as he was being shot by police. His in-laws want nothing to do with him, and he is finally forced to tell his wife Emine (Meral Orhonsay) the truth. Emine and Mehmet Salih decide to run away and get on a train. On the train, they get caught in the toilet while having long-awaited sex with each other. They are saved from an angry mob by the train's officers and held in a cabin before being handed over to officials. There, a young boy from Emine's family who boarded the train shoots both Mehmet Salih and Emine.
Ömer (Necmettin Çobanoğlu) returns to his village. Being a border village, it has a struggle with the army due to smuggling. Ömer visits and arranges to cross the border to escape prison. Though Ömer is clearly determined, he gives up after his brother is shot dead while smuggling. Through his brother's death, Ömer has inherited the responsibilities of his brother's wife and children as dictated by tradition.
Each prisoner in the film suffers from a conflict that threatens his freedom, with tradition also imprisoning him.
Rights dispute.
The rights to "Yol" were disputed for a long time. Even during Yilmaz Güney's lifetime, there were major conflicts about the ownership of the film between Güney and Donat Keusch, the head of a Swiss-based service company called Cactus Film AG, who claimed to own the entire rights of the film. After Güney's death, the dispute escalated between Keusch and Güney's widow.
When Keusch filed for bankruptcy with his Cactus Film AG in 1999, the situation became even more complicated and resulted in numerous lawsuits in both Switzerland and France. There still are numerous sellers in the market claiming to be the sole owner of the world rights to "Yol", and the film is offered in different versions through different distribution channels.
According to the RCA-directory of the French CNC (film number 2010.2922), Donat Keusch acquired the exclusive rights for "Yol" on March 4, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="2908435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908435" title="Isabelle Holland">
Isabelle Holland

Isabelle Christian Holland (born June 16, 1920 – February 9, 2002) was an American author of fiction for children and adults. She wrote gothic novels, adult mysteries, romantic thrillers and many books for children and young adults.
Holland was born in Basel, Switzerland. Her father was the American Consul in Liverpool, England during World War II. Due to the war, she moved to the United States in 1940. She attended Tulane University and also was a member of Kappa Alpha Theta. She wrote over 50 books and was still working at the time of her death at age 81 in New York City.
Holland's books for children and young adults tackled a variety of difficult and/or controversial topics—death, rape, incest, teen pregnancy, sexual abuse, and homosexuality. Reoccurring themes in her books for adults and children include the ravages of alcoholism on families, and the healing and redemptive power of animals.
Her literary archives are in the de Grummond Children's Literature Collection at the University of Southern Mississippi and the Kerlan Collection of Children's Literature at the University of Minnesota.
Two of her novels have been made into movies:
These novels deal with issues or allegations of pedophilia.

</doc>
<doc id="2908443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908443" title="Madonna and Child with St. Anne (Dei Palafrenieri)">
Madonna and Child with St. Anne (Dei Palafrenieri)

The Madonna and Child with St. Anne (Dei Palafrenieri) is one of the mature religious works of the Italian Baroque master Caravaggio, painted in 1605-1606, for the altar of Archconfraternity of the Papal Grooms () in the Basilica of Saint Peter. The painting was briefly exhibited in the parish church for the Vatican, the church of Sant'Anna dei Palafrenieri on the Via di Porta Angelica in Borgo, near the Vatican. It was subsequently sold to Cardinal Scipione Borghese, and now hangs in his palazzo (Galleria Borghese), where it shares space along with five other Caravaggios: "Boy with a Basket of Fruit", "David with the head of Goliath" (attributed to 1606), "Young Sick Bacchus", "Saint Jerome Writing", and "St John the Baptist in the Desert". 
While not his most successful arrangement, it is an atypical representation of the Virgin for its time, and must have been shocking to some contemporary viewers. The allegory, at its core, is simple. The Virgin with the aid of her son, whom she holds, tramples on a serpent, the emblem of evil or original sin. Saint Anne, whom the painting is intended to honor, is a wrinkled old grandmother, witnessing the event. Flimsy halos crown the upright; the snake recoils in anti-halos. Both Mary and Jesus are barefoot; Jesus is a fully naked uncircumcised child. All else is mainly shadow, and the figures gain monumentality in the light.
If this painting was meant to honor the grandmother of Christ, it is unclear how the ungracious depiction of her wrinkled visage in this painting would have been seen as reverent or iconic. Further shock must have accrued, as stated by Bellori, at the Virgin Mary’s revealing bodice. One could speculate that the parallel diagonals of Jesus’ phallus and leg suggest that both battle the snake, with one its metaphorical equal.
Other works.
The model for the Virgin can also be found in Caravaggio’s "Madonna di Loreto".
Contrast this tense scene with the famous, more peaceful arrangement of the family by Leonardo in his "Virgin and Child with St. Anne".

</doc>
<doc id="2908446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908446" title="Schleicher ASW 27">
Schleicher ASW 27

The ASW 27 is a 15 metre Class glider built of modern fibre reinforced composites, which first flew in 1995 and was certified in 1997. The manufacturer of the ASW 27 is Alexander Schleicher GmbH & Co. The 'W' indicates this is a design of the influential and prolific German designer Gerhard Waibel.
Design and development.
The ASW 27 has plain flaps, winglets, a retractable undercarriage and a water ballast system. The structure is a complex composite of carbon, aramid and polyethylene fibre reinforced plastic. This permits a light structure with the strength to carry large amounts of water ballast, thus permitting the widest possible range of wing loadings for weak and strong soaring weather. The strong fuselage was tested for crash protection by dropping one from a crane.
The winglets were standard equipment from the beginning but were later enlarged in the ASW-27B development. The 'B' also has tanks to hold water ballast rather than bags.
The ASW 27 superseded the ASW 20 in the manufacturer's production line. It does not have a version with wing extensions for 18 metres. This was a design decision to pursue an uncompromised 15 metre racer, as "future engine retrofits or later wingspan increases were specifically ruled out".
The introduction of the ASG 29 gave the ASW 27 a stablemate that can compete in the same class, although the 29 is intended to fly primarily with an 18 metre span and can be motorised. Because of the overlap with the ASG29, production of the ASW27 has now ceased.

</doc>
<doc id="2908457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908457" title="K-911">
K-911

K-911 is a motion picture comedy which was released direct-to-video in 1999. It was directed by Charles T. Kanganis and stars James Belushi as Detective Michael Dooley. The film serves as the sequel to the 1989 film "K-9". "K-911" was followed by "" (2002).
Synopsis.
Michael Dooley and his German Shepherd Dog companion Jerry Lee set out to find a murderous man who plans to kill Dooley. During the movie, Jerry Lee becomes tired, and begins to fail doing his normal way of life. They also reluctantly team up with Sergeant Wendy Welles and her Doberman Pinscher, Zeus, who, according to Welles, was trained in the Netherlands and listen to commands in Dutch (although in reality the commands are in German). Eventually, they discover the attempter: a psychotic man named Devon Lane who thought Dooley's wife, Tracy, loved him more than she did her own husband just because she said that he "had talent". He also believes that Dooley was responsible for Tracy's death. Devon attempts to kill Dooley in a climatic showdown and, just in time, Jerry Lee jumps, tackles Devon, and takes him out. Devon is then arrested and Dooley is taken to the hospital for gun shot wounds. The film ends with Jerry Lee and Dooley creating their own exercise video.

</doc>
<doc id="2908475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908475" title="Proper complexity function">
Proper complexity function

A proper complexity function is a function "f" mapping a natural number to a natural number such that:
If "f" and "g" are two proper complexity functions, then "f" + "g", "fg", and 2"f", are also proper complexity functions.
Similar notions include honest function, space-constructible function, and time-constructible function.

</doc>
<doc id="2908481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908481" title="Grace Cup">
Grace Cup

A Grace Cup (or Loving Cup) is a silver bowl or tankard with two handles that was traditionally passed round the table after grace at all banquets in London. According to Brewer's Dictionary of Phrase and Fable, the Grace Cup is still seen at the Lord Mayor's feasts, at college, and occasionally in private banquets. Oxford's Oriel College possess Sanford and Heywood grace cups, dated 1654-55 and 1669-70 in its Buttery Plate collection. Nearby Balliol College also makes reference to the use of a Grace Cup which was discontinued in the early 20th century. 
'Grace' cups were passed round when a traditional grace (a prayer of thanksgiving) was said to give thanks for the food eaten. Robert Burton, in his "Anatomy of Melancholy" (1621) described their use as 'a corollary to conclude the feast and continue their mirth, a grace cup came in to cheer their hearts and they drank healths to one another again and again'. A good example is The Howard 'Grace' Cup.
Usage.
The proper way of drinking the cup observed at the Lord Mayor's banquet or City companies' is to have a silver bowl with two handles and a napkin. Two persons stand up, one to drink and the other to defend the drinker. Having taken his draught, he wipes the cup with the napkin, and passes it to his "defender," when the next person rises to defend the new drinker. And so on to the end.

</doc>
<doc id="2908488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908488" title="Keith style">
Keith style

The Keith style of playing the 5-string banjo emphasizes the melody of the song. Also known as the "Melodic" or "Chromatic style", it was first developed and popularized independently by Bobby Thompson and Bill Keith in the early 1960s. It is used primarily by bluegrass banjoists, though it can be applied to virtually any genre. Most banjoists who play Keith style do not use it exclusively, but integrate it as one aspect of their playing, a way of adding spice to the more common 3-finger style of Earl Scruggs.
The Keith style is a fingerpicking style played with picks on the thumb, index and middle fingers. It centers on playing scales in a linear fashion. This contrasts with "3-Finger" or Scruggs style, which is centered around arpeggios, or chord tones played in rapid succession. Generally speaking, in the Keith style the fingers of the picking hand alternate between strings, rarely picking the same string twice. Frequently open strings are alternated with strings that are fretted halfway up the neck or more. These aspects contrast with "Single String" or Reno style, which also emphasizes linear (playing the same string multiple times) playing. In Reno style, however, scales are played out of closed-chord positions, where the entire scale may be played without moving the fretting hand up or down the neck, by moving from the lowest to highest string in a linear fashion. In the Reno style, the index finger and thumb generally alternate while picking, and often pick the same string two or more times in succession. One aspect of Keith style which makes it difficult to learn is that one often moves to a higher note in the scale by picking a lower string, albeit fretted to give the higher note.
A distinct advantage of melodic style is the ease of playing fiddle tunes using the melody verbatim while maintaining a right hand technique in line with Scruggs-style. Accomplishing the same goal in single string style often requires a different right hand approach. While at times the thumb may be used in a manner inconsistent with a banjo roll-based style, the "cascading" effect of the roll is still present in many examples of melodic style playing (especially with the bombastic descending runs, popular in the 1970s).
The earliest recordings of the melodic style were made by Bobby Thompson in the late 1950s when he was in Jim and Jesse's band. The style came to prominence when Bill Keith joined Bill Monroe's Bluegrass Boys in 1963. He impressed audiences with his ability to play fiddle tunes note-for-note on the banjo. Other early proponents were Marshall Brickman and Eric Weissberg. During the 1960s and '70s, the style steadily gained popularity among progressive bluegrass banjoists like Alan Munde, Tony Trischka, Courtney Johnson, Ben Eldridge and Gordon Stone. However, the style remains somewhat controversial among strict traditionalists.
Tony Trischka has written several instructional books that discuss the Keith Style: "Hot Licks For Bluegrass Banjo", "Teach Yourself Bluegrass Banjo", and especially "Melodic Banjo". The latter has interviews with many prominent Keith style banjoists, including Bill Keith and Bobby Thompson. Ken Perlman has helped to popularize the style in clawhammer banjo playing.

</doc>
<doc id="2908501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908501" title="Enkor">
Enkor

Enkor (full name is "Joint Stock Company (JSC) Enkor") was an airline based in Moscow, Russia. It operated scheduled international passenger services and provided technical aircraft maintenance. Its main bases were Domodedovo International Airport, Moscow, Ulan Ude Airport (UUD) and Chelyabinsk Airport (CEK). In 2004 the airline merged with S7 which inherited their fleet of TU-154M aircraft. The TU-134 and Yakovlev Yak-42 aircraft were retired and the TU-154B2 was sold to Kolavia.
History.
The airline was established on 18 November 1997 and started operations in February 1998. It is owned by Open JSC Chelyabinsk Air Enterprise (50.15%), Colentra Leasing Enterprises, Nicosia, Cyprus (48.31%) and the remainder by Closed JSC Tandem Agency and Closed JSC Chelyabinsk Insurance Company.
Services.
Enkor operated the following services (at January 2005):
Fleet.
The Enkor fleet consisted of the following aircraft (at January 2005):

</doc>
<doc id="2908506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908506" title="Amazing Engine">
Amazing Engine

Amazing Engine was a series of role-playing game books that was published by TSR, Inc. from 1993 until 1994. 
Each publication employed the same minimalist generic rules, as described in the "Amazing Engine System Guide", but each world book had an entirely different setting or genre. David "Zeb" Cook was credited with the design of the game rules.
In "Amazing Engine", player characters are generated with a set of four core statistics. The core stats were intended to be migrated from book to book, keeping a general character design concept. These stats were then used to build random ability scores, basic characteristics, and skills. The skills have prerequisites which must first be learned. Skill checks are made using percentile dice.
Campaign settings.
Below you'll find summary information for the published worldbooks. 

</doc>
<doc id="2908516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908516" title="TRT 1">
TRT 1

TRT 1 is the first Turkish national television station. It launched on January 31, 1968.
Introduction.
TRT 1, the first television channel in Turkey, started their test transmissions on January 31, 1968, and commenced full national broadcasts in December 1971. It was the only channel in Turkey until September 15, 1986, when TRT started test transmissions for "2. Kanal". It is also available in Azerbaijan via terrestrial broadcasting.
The mission of TRT 1 is to enhance people’s lives in Turkey through programs that inform, educate and entertain, all in one, as a wholesome endeavor. TRT 1, as a public broadcaster, targets a variety of audiences among which family has the priority, followed by a general public with a set of diverse attributes including age, occupation, education and status. TRT-1 aims in broadcasting to reinforce people’s sense of national unity and integrity as well as providing news and music for them.
On 19 May 2012 by changing the logo and generics, has a image format.
TRT 1 HD.
19 May 2012, concurrent with TRT 1 started to broadcast in high definition. HD broadcast Turksat 3A, D-Smart, Digiturk, and can be traced to Teledünya'da.
On-screen identity.
Like other TRT channels, even TRT 1 broadcasts 24 hours, it broadcasts a short startup at 5:58 AM. On this start-up, first the TRT ident is shown, followed by the programme list for the day, and Turkish National Anthem.
In January 2008, TRT celebrated its 40th anniversary. TRT broadcast old idents and news studio (still having a modern logo). Each day, it had newer idents. This event also happened in 1998, 1988 and 1978. In 2018 they will have a bigger celebration.
Shows.
TRT 1 broadcasts in a large spectrum of programs ranging from news, music, entertainment, drama, sports to education and arts along with commercial breaks.
The Channel aired many world-known series for the first time in Turkey in the past. 
Among them were;
TRT 1 broadcast the news programme "32. Gün" from 1985 to 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="2908521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908521" title="National Social Security Workers Union">
National Social Security Workers Union

The National Social Security Workers Union ("Sindicato Nacional de Trabajadores del Seguro Social" or "SNTSS") is a Mexican labor union representing employees of the Mexican Social Security Institute (IMSS).
The Leader of the SNTSS is Roberto Vega Galina.

</doc>
<doc id="2908539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908539" title="Ash Wednesday Storm of 1962">
Ash Wednesday Storm of 1962

The Ash Wednesday Storm of 1962 occurred on March 6–8, 1962 along the mid-Atlantic coast of the United States. Also known as the Great March Storm of 1962, it was considered by the U.S. Geological Survey to be one of the most destructive storms ever to affect the mid-Atlantic states. One of the ten worst storms in the United States in the 20th century, it lingered through five high tides over a three-day period, killing 40 people, injuring over 1,000, and causing hundreds of millions in property damage in six states.
Combination of atmospheric conditions.
The massive storm was caused by an unusual combination of three pressure areas, combined with the Spring equinox causing exceptionally high tides. The storm stalled in the mid-Atlantic for almost three days, pounding coastal areas with continuous rain, high winds, and tidal surges, and dumping large quantities of snow inland for several hundred miles.
Coastal impact.
Homes, hotels, motels, and resort businesses were destroyed along North Carolina's Outer Banks from Cape Hatteras, Nags Head, and Kill Devil Hills north to Virginia Beach, where the waves broke the concrete boardwalk and sea wall. Even some cities further inland such as Norfolk and Hampton in Hampton Roads were inundated with punishing winds and high water. Construction work underway on the new Chesapeake Bay Bridge-Tunnel was dealt a severe blow, and a major piece of custom-built construction equipment called "The Big D" was destroyed. 
At the Town of Chincoteague on Virginia's Eastern Shore near the border with Maryland, six feet (2 m) of water covered parts of Main Street, and most of the island was flooded to various depths. On adjacent Assateague Island, the Chincoteague Fire Company lost a portion of its herd of wild Chincoteague Ponies. Misty, the local pony made famous by Marguerite Henry's award-winning children's book "Misty of Chincoteague" and the 1961 movie "Misty", survived by being brought inside a house. Also along the Delmarva Peninsula, at Wallops Island, a million dollars in damage was done to NASA's Wallops Flight Facility.
Further north, 60 mph (96 km/h) winds and 7.6 m (25 ft) waves struck Ocean City, Maryland. Waves more than 12 m (40 ft) high occurred at Rehoboth Beach, Delaware destroying the boardwalk and beach front homes. Sand dunes were flattened along the entire length of Delaware’s ocean coastline. In New Jersey, the storm ripped away part of the Steel Pier in Atlantic City. Avalon, New Jersey lost 6 blocks. Long Beach Island was cut through in several places. The decommissioned destroyer was washed ashore near Holgate. In New Jersey alone, an estimated 45,000 homes were destroyed or greatly damaged. In New York, on Long Island, communities such as Fire Island were decimated; 100 homes there were destroyed. Wave heights reached 12 m (40 ft) by the shore of New York City. Extensive damage to trees and structures and beach erosion was also reported along the southern New England coast, particularly along coastal Rhode Island, and in New London and Fairfield Counties in Connecticut, although less severe beach erosion was reported in Massachusetts, New Hampshire, and Maine.
Inland weather.
The weather front off the coast drove snow upon inland areas. Snow fell as far south as Alabama, and temperatures plunged to around 0°C (32°F) across Florida. North Carolina experienced blizzard conditions. The Shenandoah Valley received nearly 60 cm (2 ft) of snow. In Shenandoah National Park in the Blue Ridge Mountains, 1 m (39 in) of snow were recorded at Big Meadows. The storm tracked far enough south that New England avoided major snowfall, with immediate coastal areas of Connecticut, Rhode Island, and Massachusetts receiving 2–4 inches of snow, and with little to no accumulation away from the immediate shoreline areas.
Aftermath.
The Ash Wednesday Storm of 1962 killed 40 people and injured more than 1,000. The coastal areas from North Carolina to New York were battered and changed forever by the wind, waves, and record high tides. Thousands of homes and businesses were flooded and many destroyed. Property damage was caused in six states valued in the hundreds of millions of dollars. 
Its impact was so powerful that the U.S. Weather Bureau took the extraordinary step of giving it a name: "The Great Atlantic Storm." It is also known as "Five High Storm" because it lingered off the Atlantic Coast of the northeast United States over a period of five high tides. However, because the heaviest damages occurred in most areas on Wednesday, March 7, which was the Christian holiday of Ash Wednesday, the first day of Lent that year, it has become most popularly well known as the "Ash Wednesday Storm of 1962."
Perhaps a fitting memorial to what was lost in the storm is Assateague Island National Seashore, a unit of the National Park Service. In the 1950s, some 5,000 private lots comprising what is now National Park Service land were zoned and sold for resort development. The Ash Wednesday Storm halted the plans for development, as it destroyed the few existing structures on the island and ripped roads apart. Instead, in 1965, Assateague Island became a National Seashore.
Popular culture.
Shortly after the storm subsided, Misty, the famous horse from Chincoteague who spent the storm in the family's kitchen (her barn was flooded) gave birth to a foal. The family named her "Stormy", laying the basis for another book in Marguerite Henry's award-winning "Misty of Chincoteague" series. The new book was named "Stormy, Misty's Foal".

</doc>
<doc id="2908543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908543" title="Association for History and Computing">
Association for History and Computing

The Association for History and Computing (AHC) is an organization dedicated to the use of computers in historical research.
The AHC is an international organization with the aim of promoting the use of computers in all types of historical study, both for teaching and research. 
It was originally proposed at a conference at Westfield College, University of London, in March 1986. It was founded during a second conference at the same location a year later in March 1987.
The Association oversees a journal, "History and Computing", published by the Edinburgh University Press.

</doc>
<doc id="2908546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908546" title="Serre's modularity conjecture">
Serre's modularity conjecture

In mathematics, Serre's modularity conjecture, introduced by based on some 1973–1974 correspondence with John Tate, states that an odd irreducible two-dimensional Galois representation over a finite field arises from a modular form, and a stronger version of his conjecture specifies the weight and level of the modular form. It was proved by Chandrashekhar Khare in the level 1 case, in 2005 and later in 2008 a proof of the full conjecture was worked out jointly by Khare and Jean-Pierre Wintenberger.
Formulation.
The conjecture concerns the absolute Galois group formula_1 of the rational number field formula_2.
Let formula_3 be an absolutely irreducible, continuous, two-dimensional representation of formula_1 over a finite field that is odd (meaning that complex conjugation has determinant -1)
of characteristic formula_6,
To any normalized modular eigenform
of level formula_9, weight formula_10, and some Nebentype character
a theorem due to Shimura, Deligne, and Serre-Deligne attaches to formula_12 a representation
where formula_14 is the ring of integers in a finite extension of formula_15. This representation is characterized by the condition that for all prime numbers formula_16, coprime to formula_17 we have
and
Reducing this representation modulo the maximal ideal of formula_14 gives a mod formula_21 representation formula_22 of formula_23.
Serre's conjecture asserts that for any formula_24 as above, there is a modular eigenform formula_12 such that
The level and weight of the conjectural form formula_12 are explicitly calculated in Serre's article. In addition, he derives a number of results from this conjecture, among them Fermat's Last Theorem and the now-proven Taniyama–Weil (or Taniyama–Shimura) conjecture, now known as the modularity theorem (although this implies Fermat's Last Theorem, Serre proves it directly from his conjecture).
Optimal level and weight.
The strong form of Serre's conjecture describes the level and weight of the modular form.
The optimal level is the Artin conductor of the representation, with the power of "l" removed.
Proof.
A proof of the level 1 and small weight cases of the conjecture was obtained during 2004 by Chandrashekhar Khare and Jean-Pierre Wintenberger, and by Luis Dieulefait, independently.
In 2005, Chandrashekhar Khare obtained a proof of the level 1 case of Serre conjecture, and in 2008 a proof of the full conjecture in collaboration with Jean-Pierre Wintenberger.

</doc>
<doc id="2908547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908547" title="Myers Park High School">
Myers Park High School

Myers Park High School is a secondary school in Charlotte, North Carolina.
History.
The school opened its doors in 1951.
Rankings.
The Newsweek Magazine has ranked Myers Park in the "Top 40 Best High Schools" in the United States, for three consecutive years. Most notably, in 2003, Myers Park was ranked the 7th best high school in the country by Newsweek.
The "Ranking of America's High Schools" takes place every year among 1,950 high schools in the United States.
Campus.
Myers Park High School is located at 2400 Colony Road in the Myers Park neighborhood. Two entrances are on Colony Road; a third is on Runnymede Lane. The front circle of the school contains a garden housing a brick wall in the shape of a pentagon. In the middle of the front circle stand two marble statues as a monument to the World Trade Center Towers, dedicated in 2002 by Senator Elizabeth Dole.
The campus is centered around a quadrangle, commonly known as "the quad". The Student Center (SC), Math Building, Social Studies Building, Auditorium, and Language Arts Building (LA) all open onto this large grassy area where seniors are allowed to eat lunch. Due to a littering problem, underclassmen are barred from doing so. Behind the LA building are science and vocation buildings, as well as mobile classrooms. The campus was built in the collegiate mold, with the entire campus revolving around an open quad area. The campus is about with 13 individual buildings. Unique to high schools in the region, Myers Park has a stand-alone auto-tech building.
Students.
The class of 2004 received over $4.2 million in scholarships and the class of 2005 received over $4.9 million. In 2005, 90% of graduating seniors pursued further education after high school. 93% went to a four-year college and 7% went to a community or technical college. 
Clubs and activities.
The debate team won the State Championship eight out of the last eleven years.
The "Myers Park Hoofprint", the student paper, was named a First Place newspaper by the American Scholastic Press Association in 2008. The ASPA also named one of the "Hoofprint"'s front pages a First Place Front Page, one of only six pages in the nation to be so honored.
The yearbook, the "Myers Park Mustang", was named a First Place Yearbook by the American Scholastic Press Association in 2009.
The Myers Park "Pegasus" is the school's literary-art magazine. The 2008–2009 edition of the magazine earned various awards: the highest award ranking from the National Council of Teachers of English, the gold medal from the Columbia Scholastic Press Association, the first place award from the American Scholastic Press Association, an award of distinction from the North Carolina Scholastic Media Association and the first place prize from the North Carolina Literary and Historical Association.
Athletics.
Myers Park has 30 junior varsity and varsity sports for males and females. In 2008 the Men's soccer team completed an undefeated season winning the state title while climbing to number 3 in the country (as ranked by ESPN) and in 2010 the Men's Lacrosse team won the state title by defeating Apex High School 15–11 at the Durham Athletic Park. Myers Park is also home to 3 club sports, Women's Lacrosse, Field Hockey, and Rugby. Myers Park has developed an intense rivalry with nearby school South Mecklenburg this rivalry is biggest in football and basketball, the mustangs were victorious in 2010 with a 31–29 victory in football, while splitting basketball contest at 1–1.
In 2010, The Myers Park Mustangs Varsity Men's Lacrosse won the Inaugural North Carolina 4A State Lacrosse Championship.
In 2008, The Myers Park Mustangs Varsity Soccer team won the North Carolina 4A State Soccer Championship.
In 2008, the Myers Park Mustangs Women's Varsity Tennis team won the North Carolina 4A State Championship.
In 2011, the Myers Park Mustangs Varsity Football team finished 9-5, finishing in the western regional semifinals.
In 2011-2012 the Myers Park Mustangs Girls Basketball team, went 31-1, climbing to first in the Charlotte Observer sweet 16 poll.
Curriculum.
The curriculum provides for different levels of instruction: Advanced Placement (AP), International Baccalaureate (IB), and honors courses.
In the news.
Allegations of coerced dropouts.
During March 2007, allegations were made that Myers Park was coercing low-performing students to drop out in an effort to boost test scores. A Time Magazine article cited claims of students who stated that they were told that they would not be allowed to return to Myers Park.
A subsequent Charlotte-Mecklenburg Schools investigation found no evidence that the Myers Park administration attempted to coerce students to drop out, or to falsify data to reduce dropout statistics. A number of students with large numbers of absences were dropped from enrollment on the basis of attendance, which is an incorrect procedure.
Myers Park: the Musical.
During the 2011-2012 school year, senior Nicholas de la Canal wrote the two act show Myers Park: the Musical. The show gave a satirical depiction of the school and its staff.
Then Vice Principal Dr. Kristin Lanier sent a message to de la Canal the day before auditions were to take place notifying that the show had been barred from being performed on campus. Dr. Lanier only cited general inappropriateness as reason to censor the musical. De la Canal argued the show fell into the definition of an extra-curicular activity, and could only be banned if proven it would cause a physical disruption to school activities. 
In spring 2013, de la Canal was suspended for attempting to move the production along. Later, then Principal Dr. Thomas Spivey repealed the suspension.

</doc>
<doc id="2908558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908558" title="Types of capacitor">
Types of capacitor

A capacitor (formerly known as a condenser) is a passive two-terminal electrical component that stores electric energy in an electric field. The forms, styles, and materials of practical capacitors vary widely, but all contain at least two electrical conductors (called "plates") separated by an insulating layer (called the dielectric). Capacitors are widely used as parts of electrical circuits in many common electrical devices.
Capacitors, together with resistors, inductors, and memristors, belong to the group of "passive components" used in electronic equipment. Although, in absolute figures, the most common capacitors are integrated capacitors (e.g. in DRAMs or flash memory structures), this article is concentrated on the various styles of capacitors as discrete components.
Small capacitors are used in electronic devices to couple signals between stages of amplifiers, as components of electric filters and tuned circuits, or as parts of power supply systems to smooth rectified current. Larger capacitors are used for energy storage in such applications as strobe lights, as parts of some types of electric motors, or for power factor correction in AC power distribution systems. Standard capacitors have a fixed value of capacitance, but adjustable capacitors are frequently used in tuned circuits. Different types are used depending on required capacitance, working voltage, current handling capacity, and other properties.
General remarks.
Capacitors are a good example of the fact that even the simplest device can become complicated given 250 years of evolution.
Theory of conventional construction.
In a conventional capacitor, the electric energy is stored statically by charge separation, typically electrons, in an electric field between two electrode plates. The amount of charge stored per unit voltage is essentially a function of the size of the plates, the plate material's properties, the properties of the dielectric material placed between the plates, and the separation distance (i.e. dielectric thickness). The potential between the plates is limited by the properties of the dielectric material and the separation distance.
Nearly all conventional industrial capacitors except some special styles such as "feed-through capacitors", are constructed as "plate capacitors" even if their electrodes and the dielectric between are wound or rolled. The capacitance formula for plate capacitors is:
The capacitance C increases with the area A of the plates and with the permittivity ε of the dielectric material and decreases with the plate separation distance d. The capacitance is therefore greatest in devices made from materials with a high permittivity, large plate area, and small distance between plates.
Theory of electrochemical construction.
Another type – the electrochemical capacitor – makes use of two other storage principles to store electric energy. In contrast to ceramic, film, and electrolytic capacitors, supercapacitors (also known as electrical double-layer capacitors (EDLC) or ultracapacitors) do not have a conventional dielectric. The capacitance value of an electrochemical capacitor is determined by two high-capacity storage principles. These principles are:
The ratio of the storage resulting from each principle can vary greatly, depending on electrode design and electrolyte composition. Pseudocapacitance can increase the capacitance value by as much as an order of magnitude over that of the double-layer by itself.
Common capacitors and their names.
Capacitors are divided into two mechanical groups: Fixed capacitors with fixed capacitance values and variable capacitors with variable (trimmer) or adjustable (tunable) capacitance values.
The most important group is the fixed capacitors. Many got their names from the dielectric. For a systematic classification these characteristics can't be used, because one of the oldest, the electrolytic capacitor, is named instead by its cathode construction. So the most-used names are simply historical.
The most common kinds of capacitors are:
Capacitors in each family have similar physical design features, but vary, for example, in the form of the terminals.
In addition to the above shown capacitor types, which derived their name from historical development, there are many individual capacitors that have been named based on their application. They include:
Often, more than one capacitor family is employed for these applications, e.g. interference suppression can use ceramic capacitors or film capacitors.
Other kinds of capacitors are discussed in the #Special capacitors section.
Dielectrics.
The most common dielectrics are:
All of them store their electrical charge statically within an electric field between two (parallel) electrodes.
Beneath this conventional capacitors a family of electrochemical capacitors called Supercapacitors was developed. Supercapacitors don't have a conventional dielectric. They store their electrical charge statically in Helmholtz double-layers and faradaically at the surface of electrodes
The most important material parameters of the different dielectrics used and the appr. Helmholtz-layer thickness are given in the table below.
The capacitor's plate area can be adapted to the wanted capacitance value. The permittivity and the dielectric thickness are the determining parameter for capacitors. Ease of processing is also crucial. Thin, mechanically flexible sheets can be wrapped or stacked easily, yielding large designs with high capacitance values. Razor-thin metallized sintered ceramic layers covered with metallized electrodes however, offer the best conditions for the miniaturization of circuits with SMD styles.
A short view to the figures in the table above gives the explanation for some simple facts:
Capacitance and voltage range.
Capacitance ranges from picofarad to more than hundreds of farad. Voltage ratings can reach 100 kilovolts. In general, capacitance and voltage correlates with physical size and cost.
Miniaturization.
As in other areas of electronics, volumetric efficiency measures the performance of electronic function per unit volume. For capacitors, the volumetric efficiency is measured with the "CV product", calculated by multiplying the capacitance (C) by the maximum voltage rating (V), divided by the volume. From 1970 to 2005, volumetric efficiencies have improved dramatically.
Overlapping range of applications.
These individual capacitors can perform their application independent of their affiliation to an above shown capacitor type, so that an overlapping range of applications between the different capacitor types exists.
Types and styles.
Ceramic capacitors.
A ceramic capacitor is a non-polarized fixed capacitor made out of two or more alternating layers of ceramic and metal in which the ceramic material acts as the dielectric and the metal acts as the electrodes. The ceramic material is a mixture of finely ground granules of paraelectric or ferroelectric materials, modified by mixed oxides that are necessary to achieve the capacitor's desired characteristics. The electrical behavior of the ceramic material is divided into two stability classes:
The great plasticity of ceramic raw material works well for many special applications and enables an enormous diversity of styles, shapes and great dimensional spread of ceramic capacitors. The smallest discrete capacitor, for instance, is a "01005" chip capacitor with the dimension of only 0.4 mm × 0.2 mm.
The construction of ceramic multilayer capacitors with mostly alternating layers results in single capacitors connected in parallel. This configuration increases capacitance and decreases all losses and parasitic inductances. Ceramic capacitors are well-suited for high frequencies and high current pulse loads.
Because the thickness of the ceramic dielectric layer can be easily controlled and produced by the desired application voltage, ceramic capacitors are available with rated voltages up to the 30 kV range.
Some ceramic capacitors of special shapes and styles are used as capacitors for special applications, including RFI/EMI suppression capacitors for connection to supply mains, also known as safety capacitors, X2Y® capacitors for bypassing and decoupling applications, feed-through capacitors for noise suppression by low-pass filters and ceramic power capacitors for transmitters and HF applications.
Film capacitors.
Film capacitors or plastic film capacitors are non-polarized capacitors with an insulating plastic film as the dielectric. The dielectric films are drawn to a thin layer, provided with metallic electrodes and wound into a cylindrical winding. The electrodes of film capacitors may be metallized aluminum or zinc, applied on one or both sides of the plastic film, resulting in metallized film capacitors or a separate metallic foil overlying the film, called film/foil capacitors.
Metallized film capacitors offer self-healing properties. Dielectric breakdowns or shorts between the electrodes do not destroy the component. The metallized construction makes it possible to produce wound capacitors with larger capacitance values (up to 100 µF and larger) in smaller cases than within film/foil construction.
Film/foil capacitors or metal foil capacitors use two plastic films as the dielectric. Each film is covered with a thin metal foil, mostly aluminium, to form the electrodes. The advantage of this construction is the ease of connecting the metal foil electrodes, along with an excellent current pulse strength.
A key advantage of every film capacitor's internal construction is direct contact to the electrodes on both ends of the winding. This contact keeps all current paths very short. The design behaves like a large number of individual capacitors connected in parallel, thus reducing the internal ohmic losses (ESR) and ESL. The inherent geometry of film capacitor structure results in low ohmic losses and a low parasitic inductance, which makes them suitable for applications with high surge currents (snubbers) and for AC power applications, or for applications at higher frequencies.
The plastic films used as the dielectric for film capacitors are Polypropylene (PP), Polyester (PET), Polyphenylene sulfide (PPS), Polyethylene naphthalate (PEN), and Polytetrafluoroethylene or Teflon (PTFE). Polypropylene film material with a market share of something about 50% and Polyester film with something about 40% are the most used film materials. The rest of something about 10% will be used by all other materials including PPS and paper with roughly 3%, each.
Some film capacitors of special shapes and styles are used as capacitors for special applications, including RFI/EMI suppression capacitors for connection to the supply mains, also known as safety capacitors, Snubber capacitors for very high surge currents, Motor run capacitors, AC capacitors for motor-run applications
Film power capacitors.
A related type is the power film capacitor. The materials and construction techniques used for large power film capacitors mostly are similar to those of ordinary film capacitors. However, capacitors with high to very high power ratings for applications in power systems and electrical installations are often classified separately, for historical reasons. The standardization of ordinary film capacitors is oriented on electrical and mechanical parameters. The standardization of power capacitors by contrast emphasizes the safety of personnel and equipment, as given by the local regulating authority.
As modern electronic equipment gained the capacity to handle power levels that were previously the exclusive domain of "electrical power" components, the distinction between the "electronic" and "electrical" power ratings blurred. Historically, the boundary between these two families was approximately at a reactive power of 200 volt-amps.
Film power capacitors mostly use polypropylene film as the dielectric. Other types include metallized paper capacitors (MP capacitors) and mixed dielectric film capacitors with polypropylene dielectrics. MP capacitors serve for cost applications and as field-free carrier electrodes (soggy foil capacitors) for high AC or high current pulse loads. Windings can be filled with an insulating oil or with epoxy resin to reduce air bubbles, thereby preventing short circuits.
They find use as converters to change voltage, current or frequency, to store or deliver abruptly electric energy or to improve the power factor. The rated voltage range of these capacitors is from approximately120 V AC (capacitive lighting ballasts) to 100 kV.
Electrolytic capacitors.
Electrolytic capacitors have a metallic anode covered with an oxidized layer used as dielectric. The second electrode is a non-solid (wet) or solid electrolyte. Electrolytic capacitors are polarized. Three families are available, categorized according to their dielectric.
The anode is highly roughened to increase the surface area. This and the relatively high permittivity of the oxide layer gives these capacitors very high capacitance per unit volume compared with film- or ceramic capacitors.
The permittivity of tantalum pentoxide is approximately three times higher than aluminium oxide, producing significantly smaller components. However, permittivity determines only the dimensions. Electrical parameters, especially conductivity, are established by the electrolyte's material and composition. Three general types of electrolytes are used:
Internal losses of electrolytic capacitors, prevailing used for decoupling and buffering applications, are determined by the kind of electrolyte.
The large capacitance per unit volume of electrolytic capacitors make them valuable in relatively high-current and low-frequency electrical circuits, e.g. in power supply filters for decoupling unwanted AC components from DC power connections or as coupling capacitors in audio amplifiers, for passing or bypassing low-frequency signals and storing large amounts of energy. The relatively high capacitance value of an electrolytic capacitor combined with the very low ESR of the polymer electrolyte of polymer capacitors, especially in SMD styles, makes them a competitor to MLC chip capacitors in personal computer power supplies.
Bipolar aluminum electrolytic capacitors (also called Non-Polarized capacitors) contain two anodized aluminium foils, behaving like two capacitors connected in series opposition.
Electolytic capacitors for special applications include motor start capacitors, flashlight capacitors and audio frequency capacitors.
Supercapacitors.
Supercapacitors (SC), comprise a family of electrochemical capacitors. Supercapacitor, sometimes called ultracapacitor is a generic term for electric double-layer capacitors (EDLC), pseudocapacitors and hybrid capacitors. They don't have a conventional solid dielectric. The capacitance value of an electrochemical capacitor is determined by two storage principles, both of which contribute to the total capacitance of the capacitor:
The ratio of the storage resulting from each principle can vary greatly, depending on electrode design and electrolyte composition. Pseudocapacitance can increase the capacitance value by as much as an order of magnitude over that of the double-layer by itself.
Supercapacitors are divided into three families, based on the design of the electrodes:
Supercapacitors bridge the gap between conventional capacitors and rechargeable batteries. They have the highest available capacitance values per unit volume and the greatest energy density of all capacitors. They support up to 12,000 Farads/1.2 Volt, with capacitance values up to 10,000 times that of electrolytic capacitors. While existing supercapacitors have energy densities that are approximately 10% of a conventional battery, their power density is generally 10 to 100 times greater. Power density is defined as the product of energy density, multiplied by the speed at which the energy is delivered to the load. The greater power density results in much shorter charge/discharge cycles than a battery is capable, and a greater tolerance for numerous charge/discharge cycles. This makes them well-suited for parallel connection with batteries, and may improve battery performance in terms of power density.
Within electrochemical capacitors, the electrolyte is the conductive connection between the two electrodes, distinguishing them from electrolytic capacitors, in which the electrolyte only forms the cathode, the second electrode.
Supercapacitors are polarized and must operate with correct polarity. Polarity is controlled by design with asymmetric electrodes, or, for symmetric electrodes, by a potential applied during the manufacturing process.
Supercapacitors support a broad spectrum of applications for power and energy requirements, including:
Supercapacitors are rarely interchangeable, especially those with higher energy densities. IEC standard 62391-1 "Fixed electric double layer capacitors for use in electronic equipment" identifies four application classes:
Exceptional for electronic components like capacitors are the manifold different trade or series names used for supercapacitors like: "APowerCap, BestCap, BoostCap, CAP-XX, DLCAP, EneCapTen, EVerCAP, DynaCap, Faradcap, GreenCap, Goldcap, HY-CAP, Kapton capacitor, Super capacitor, SuperCap, PAS Capacitor, PowerStor, PseudoCap, Ultracapacitor" making it difficult for users to classify these capacitors.
Class X and Class Y capacitors.
Many safety regulations mandate that Class X or Class Y capacitors must be used whenever a "fail-to-short-circuit" could put humans in danger,
to guarantee galvanic isolation even when the capacitor fails.
Lightning strikes and other sources cause high voltage surges in mains power.
Safety capacitors protect humans and devices from high voltage surges by shunting the surge energy to ground.
In particular, safety regulations mandate a particular arrangement of Class X and Class Y mains filtering capacitors.
In principle, any dielectric could be used to build Class X and Class Y capacitors;
perhaps by including an internal fuse to improve safety.
In practice, capacitors that meet Class X and Class Y specifications are typically
ceramic RFI/EMI suppression capacitors or
plastic film RFI/EMI suppression capacitors.
Miscellaneous capacitors.
Beneath the above described capacitors covering more or less nearly the total market of discrete capacitors some new developments or very special capacitor types as well as older types can be found in electronics.
Special capacitors.
Specialized devices such as built-in capacitors with metal conductive areas in different layers of a multi-layer printed circuit board and kludges such as twisting together two pieces of insulated wire also exist.
Capacitors made by twisting 2 pieces of insulated wire together are called gimmick capacitors.
Gimmick capacitors were used in commercial and amateur radio receivers.
Variable capacitors.
Variable capacitors may have their capacitance changed by mechanical motion. Generally two versions of variable capacitors has to be to distinguished
Variable capacitors include capacitors that use a mechanical construction to change the distance between the plates, or the amount of plate surface area which overlaps. They mostly use air as dielectric medium.
Semiconductive variable capacitance diodes are not capacitors in the sense of passive components but can change their capacitance as a function of the applied reverse bias voltage and are used like a variable capacitor. They have replaced much of the tuning and trimmer capacitors.
Electrical characteristics.
Series-equivalent circuit.
Discrete capacitors deviate from the ideal capacitor. An ideal capacitor only stores and releases electrical energy, with no dissipation. Capacitor components have losses and parasitic inductive parts. These imperfections in material and construction can have positive implications such as linear frequency and temperature behavior in class 1 ceramic capacitors. Conversely, negative implications include the non-linear, voltage-dependent capacitance in class 2 ceramic capacitors or the insufficient dielectric insulation of capacitors leading to leakage currents.
All properties can be defined and specified by a series equivalent circuit composed out of an idealized capacitance and additional electrical components which model all losses and inductive parameters of a capacitor. In this series-equivalent circuit the electrical characteristics are defined by:
Using a series equivalent circuit instead of a parallel equivalent circuit is specified by IEC/EN 60384-1.
Standard capacitance values and tolerances.
The "rated capacitance" CR or "nominal capacitance" CN is the value for which the capacitor has been designed. Actual capacitance depends on the measured frequency and ambient temperature. Standard measuring conditions are a low-voltage AC measuring method at a temperature of 20 °C with frequencies of
For supercapacitors a voltage drop method is applied for measuring the capacitance value. .
Capacitors are available in geometrically increasing preferred values (E series standards) specified in IEC/EN 60063. According to the number of values per decade, these were called the E3, E6, E12, E24 etc. series. The range of units used to specify capacitor values has expanded to include everything from pico- (pF), nano- (nF) and microfarad (µF) to farad (F). Millifarad and kilofarad are uncommon.
The percentage of allowed deviation from the rated value is called tolerance. The actual capacitance value should be within its tolerance limits, or it is out of specification. IEC/EN 60062 specifies a letter code for each tolerance.
The required tolerance is determined by the particular application. The narrow tolerances of E24 to E96 are used for high-quality circuits such as precision oscillators and timers. General applications such as non-critical filtering or coupling circuits employ E12 or E6. Electrolytic capacitors, which are often used for filtering and bypassing capacitors mostly have a tolerance range of ±20% and need to conform to E6 (or E3) series values.
Temperature dependence.
Capacitance typically varies with temperature. The different dielectrics express great differences in temperature sensitivity. The temperature coefficient is expressed in parts per million (ppm) per degree Celsius for class 1 ceramic capacitors or in % over the total temperature range for all others.
Frequency dependence.
Most discrete capacitor types have more or less capacitance changes with increasing frequencies. The dielectric strength of class 2 ceramic and plastic film diminishes with rising frequency. Therefore their capacitance value decreases with increasing frequency. This phenomenon for ceramic class 2 and plastic film dielectrics is related to dielectric relaxation in which the time constant of the electrical dipoles is the reason for the frequency dependence of permittivity. The graphs below show typical frequency behavior of the capacitance for ceramic and film capacitors.
For electrolytic capacitors with non-solid electrolyte, mechanical motion of the ions occurs. Their movability is limited so that at higher frequencies not all areas of the roughened anode structure are covered with charge-carrying ions. As higher the anode structure is roughned as more the capacitance value decreases with increasing frequency. Low voltage types with highly roughened anodes display capacitance at 100 kHz approximately 10 to 20% of the value measured at 100 Hz.
Voltage dependence.
Capacitance may also change with applied voltage. This effect is more prevalent in class 2 ceramic capacitors. The permittivity of ferroelectric class 2 material depends on the applied voltage. Higher applied voltage lowers permittivity. The change of capacitance can drop to 80% of the value measured with the standardized measuring voltage of 0.5 or 1.0 V. This behavior is a small source of non-linearity in low-distortion filters and other analog applications. In audio applications this can be the reason for harmonic distortion.
Film capacitors and electrolytic capacitors have no significant voltage dependence.
Rated and category voltage.
The voltage at which the dielectric becomes conductive is called the breakdown voltage, and is given by the product of the dielectric strength and the separation between the electrodes. The dielectric strength depends on temperature, frequency, shape of the electrodes, etc. Because a breakdown in a capacitor normally is a short circuit and destroys the component, the operating voltage is lower than the breakdown voltage. The operating voltage is specified such that the voltage may be applied continuously throughout the life of the capacitor.
In IEC/EN 60384-1 the allowed operating voltage is called "rated voltage" or "nominal voltage". The rated voltage (UR) is the maximum DC voltage or peak pulse voltage that may be applied continuously at any temperature within the rated temperature range.
The voltage proof of nearly all capacitors decreases with increasing temperature. For some applications it is important to use a higher temperature range. Lowering the voltage applied at a higher temperature maintains safety margins. For some capacitor types therefore the IEC standard specify a second "temperature derated voltage" for a higher temperature range, the "category voltage". The category voltage (UC) is the maximum DC voltage or peak pulse voltage that may be applied continuously to a capacitor at any temperature within the category temperature range.
The relation between both voltages and temperatures is given in the picture right.
Impedance.
In general, a capacitor is seen as a storage component for electric energy. But this is only one capacitor function. A capacitor can also act as an AC resistor. In many cases the capacitor is used as a decoupling capacitor to filter or bypass undesired biased AC frequencies to the ground. Other applications use capacitors for capacitive coupling of AC signals; the dielectric is used only for blocking DC. For such applications the AC resistance is as important as the capacitance value.
The frequency dependent AC resistance is called impedance formula_2 and is the complex ratio of the voltage to the current in an AC circuit. Impedance extends the concept of resistance to AC circuits and possesses both magnitude and phase at a particular frequency. This is unlike resistance, which has only magnitude.
The magnitude formula_4 represents the ratio of the voltage difference amplitude to the current amplitude, formula_5 is the imaginary unit, while the argument formula_6 gives the phase difference between voltage and current.
In capacitor data sheets, only the impedance magnitude |Z| is specified, and simply written as "Z" so that the formula for the impedance can be written in Cartesian form
where the real part of impedance is the resistance formula_8 (for capacitors formula_9) and the imaginary part is the reactance formula_10.
As shown in a capacitor's series-equivalent circuit, the real component includes an ideal capacitor formula_11, an inductance formula_12 and a resistor formula_13. The total reactance at the angular frequency formula_14 therefore is given by the geometric (complex) addition of a capacitive reactance (Capacitance) formula_15 and an inductive reactance (Inductance): formula_16.
To calculate the impedance formula_2 the resistance has to be added geometrically and then formula_18 is given by
to calculate either the peak or the effective value of the current or the voltage.
In the special case of resonance, in which the both reactive resistances
have the same value (formula_22), then the impedance will only be determined by formula_23.
The impedance specified in the datasheets often show typical curves for the different capacitance values. With increasing frequency as the impedance decreases down to a minimum. The lower the impedance, the more easily alternating currents can be passed through the capacitor. At the apex, the point of resonance, where XC has the same value than XL, the capacitor has the lowest impedance value. Here only the ESR determines the impedance. With frequencies above the resonance the impedance increases again due to the ESL of the capacitor. The capacitor becomes an inductance.
As shown in the graph, the higher capacitance values can fit the lower frequencies better while the lower capacitance values can fit better the higher frequencies.
Aluminum electrolytic capacitors have relatively good decoupling properties in the lower frequency range up to about 1 MHz due to their large capacitance values. This is the reason for using electrolytic capacitors in standard or switched-mode power supplies behind the rectifier for smoothing application.
Ceramic and film capacitors are already out of their smaller capacitance values suitable for higher frequencies up to several 100 MHz. They also have significantly lower parasitic inductance, making them suitable for higher frequency applications, due to their construction with end-surface contacting of the electrodes. To increase the range of frequencies, often an electrolytic capacitor is connected in parallel with a ceramic or film capacitor.
Many new developments are targeted at reducing parasitic inductance (ESL). This increases the resonance frequency of the capacitor and, for example, can follow the constantly increasing switching speed of digital circuits. Miniaturization, especially in the SMD multilayer ceramic chip capacitors (MLCC), increases the resonance frequency. Parasitic inductance is further lowered by placing the electrodes on the longitudinal side of the chip instead of the lateral side. The "face-down" construction associated with multi-anode technology in tantalum electrolytic capacitors further reduced ESL. Capacitor families such as the so-called MOS capacitor or silicon capacitors offer solutions when capacitors at frequencies up to the GHz range are needed.
Inductance (ESL) and self-resonant frequency.
ESL in industrial capacitors is mainly caused by the leads and internal connections used to connect the capacitor plates to the outside world. Large capacitors tend to have higher ESL than small ones because the distances to the plate are longer and every mm counts as an inductance.
For any discrete capacitor, there is a frequency above DC at which it ceases to behave as a pure capacitor. This frequency, where formula_24 is as high as formula_25, is called the self-resonant frequency. The self-resonant frequency is the lowest frequency at which the impedance passes through a minimum. For any AC application the self-resonant frequency is the highest frequency at which capacitors can be used as a capacitive component.
This is critically important for decoupling high-speed logic circuits from the power supply. The decoupling capacitor supplies transient current to the chip. Without decouplers, the IC demands current faster than the connection to the power supply can supply it, as parts of the circuit rapidly switch on and off. To counter this potential problem, circuits frequently use multiple bypass capacitors—small (100 nF or less) capacitors rated for high frequencies, a large electrolytic capacitor rated for lower frequencies and occasionally, an intermediate value capacitor.
Ohmic losses, ESR, dissipation factor, and quality factor.
The summarized losses in discrete capacitors are ohmic AC losses. DC losses are specified as "leakage current" or "insulating resistance" and are negligible for an AC specification. AC losses are non-linear, possibly depending on frequency, temperature, age or humidity. The losses result from two physical conditions:
The largest share of these losses in larger capacitors is usually the frequency dependent ohmic dielectric losses. For smaller components, especially for wet electrolytic capacitors, conductivity of liquid electrolytes may exceed dielectric losses. To measure these losses, the measurement frequency must be set. Since commercially available components offer capacitance values cover 15 orders of magnitude, ranging from pF (10−12 F) to some 1000 F in supercapacitors, it is not possible to capture the entire range with only one frequency. IEC 60384-1 states that ohmic losses should be measured at the same frequency used to measure capacitance. These are:
A capacitor's summarized resistive losses may be specified either as ESR, as a dissipation factor(DF, tan δ), or as quality factor (Q), depending on application requirements.
Capacitors with higher ripple current formula_26 loads, such as electrolytic capacitors, are specified with equivalent series resistance ESR. ESR can be shown as an ohmic part in the above vector diagram. ESR values are specified in datasheets per individual type.
The losses of film capacitors and some class 2 ceramic capacitors are mostly specified with the dissipation factor tan δ. These capacitors have smaller losses than electrolytic capacitors and mostly are used at higher frequencies up to some hundred MHz. However the numeric value of the dissipation factor, measured at the same frequency, is independent on the capacitance value and can be specified for a capacitor series with a range of capacitance. The dissipation factor is determined as the tangent of the reactance (formula_27) and the ESR, and can be shown as the angle δ between imaginary and the impedance axis.
If the inductance formula_28 is small, the dissipation factor can be approximated as:
Capacitors with very low losses, such as ceramic Class 1 and Class 2 capacitors, specify resistive losses with a quality factor (Q). Ceramic Class 1 capacitors are especially suitable for LC resonant circuits with frequencies up to the GHz range, and precise high and low pass filters. For an electrically resonant system, Q represents the effect of electrical resistance and characterizes a resonator's bandwidth formula_30 relative to its center or resonant frequency formula_31. Q is defined as the reciprocal value of the dissipation factor.
A high Q value is for resonant circuits a mark of the quality of the resonance.
Limiting current loads.
A capacitor can act as an AC resistor, coupling AC voltage and AC current between two points. Every AC current flow through a capacitor generates heat inside the capacitor body. These dissipation power loss formula_33 is caused by formula_34 and is the squared value of the effective (RMS) current formula_35
The same power loss can be written with the dissipation factor formula_37 as
The internal generated heat has to be distributed to the ambient. The temperature of the capacitor, which is established on the balance between heat produced and distributed, shall not exceed the capacitors maximum specified temperature. Hence, the ESR or dissipation factor is a mark for the maximum power (AC load, ripple current, pulse load, etc.) a capacitor is specified for.
AC currents may be a:
Ripple and AC currents mainly warms the capacitor body. By this currents internal generated temperature influences the breakdown voltage of the dielectric. Higher temperature lower the voltage proof of all capacitors. In wet electrolytic capacitors higher temperatures force the evaporation of electrolytes, shortening the life time of the capacitors. In film capacitors higher temperatures may shrink the plastic film changing the capacitor's properties.
Pulse currents, especially in metallized film capacitors, heat the contact areas between end spray (schoopage) and metallized electrodes. This may reduce the contact to the electrodes, heightening the dissipation factor.
For safe operation, the maximal temperature generated by any AC current flow through the capacitor is a limiting factor, which in turn limits AC load, ripple current, pulse load, etc.
Ripple current.
A "ripple current" is the RMS value of a superimposed AC current of any frequency and any waveform of the current curve for continuous operation at a specified temperature. It arises mainly in power supplies (including switched-mode power supplies) after rectifying an AC voltage and flows as charge and discharge current through the decoupling or smoothing capacitor. The "rated ripple current" shall not exceed a temperature rise of 3, 5 or 10 °C, depending on the capacitor type, at the specified maximum ambient temperature.
Ripple current generates heat within the capacitor body due to the ESR of the capacitor. The ESR, composed out of the dielectric losses caused by the changing field strength in the dielectric and the losses resulting out of the slightly resistive supply lines or the electrolyte depends on frequency and temperature. For ceramic and film capacitors in generally ESR decreases with increasing temperatures but heighten with higher frequencies due to increasing dielectric losses. For electrolytic capacitors up to roughly 1 MHz ESR decreases with increasing frequencies and temperatures.
The types of capacitors used for power applications have a specified rated value for maximum ripple current. These are primarily aluminum electrolytic capacitors, and tantalum as well as some film capacitors and Class 2 ceramic capacitors.
Aluminium electrolytic capacitors, the most common type for power supplies, experience shorter life expectancy at higher ripple currents. Exceeding the limit tends to result in explosive failure.
Tantalum electrolytic capacitors with solid manganese dioxide electrolyte are also limited by ripple current. Exceeding their ripple limits tends to shorts and burning components.
For film and ceramic capacitors, normally specified with a loss factor tan δ, the ripple current limit is determined by temperature rise in the body of approximately 10 °C. Exceeding this limit may destroy the internal structure and cause shorts.
Pulse current.
The rated pulse load for a certain capacitor is limited by the rated voltage, the pulse repetition frequency, temperature range and pulse rise time. The "pulse rise time" formula_39, represents the steepest voltage gradient of the pulse (rise or fall time) and is expressed in volts per μs (V/μs).
The rated pulse rise time is also indirectly the maximum capacity of an applicable peak current formula_40. The peak current is defined as:
where: formula_40 is in A; formula_11 in µF; formula_39 in V/µs
The permissible pulse current capacity of a metallized film capacitor generally allows an internal temperature rise of 8 to 10 K.
In the case of metallized film capacitors, pulse load depends on the properties of the dielectric material, the thickness of the metallization and the capacitor's construction, especially the construction of the contact areas between the end spray and metallized electrodes. High peak currents may lead to selective overheating of local contacts between end spray and metallized electrodes which may destroy some of the contacts, leading to increasing ESR.
For metallized film capacitors, so-called pulse tests simulate the pulse load that might occur during an application, according to a standard specification. IEC 60384 part 1, specifies that the test circuit is charged and discharged intermittently. The test voltage corresponds to the rated DC voltage and the test comprises 10000 pulses with a repetition frequency of 1 Hz. The pulse stress capacity is the pulse rise time. The rated pulse rise time is specified as 1/10 of the test pulse rise time.
The pulse load must be calculated for each application. A general rule for calculating the power handling of film capacitors is not available because of vendor-related internal construction details. To prevent the capacitor from overheating the following operating parameters have to be considered:
Higher pulse rise times are permitted for pulse voltage lower than the rated voltage.
Examples for calculations of individual pulse loads are given by many manufactures, e.g. WIMA and Kemet.
AC current.
An AC load only can be applied to a non-polarized capacitor. Capacitors for AC applications are primarily film capacitors, metallized paper capacitors, ceramic capacitors and bipolar electrolytic capacitors.
The rated AC load for an AC capacitor is the maximum sinusoidal effective AC current (rms) which may be applied continuously to a capacitor within the specified temperature range. In the datasheets the AC load may be expressed as
The rated AC voltage for film capacitors is generally calculated so that an internal temperature rise of 8 to 10 °K is the allowed limit for safe operation. Because dielectric losses increase with increasing frequency, the specified AC voltage has to be derated at higher frequencies. Datasheets for film capacitors specify special curves for derating AC voltages at higher frequencies.
If film capacitors or ceramic capacitors only have a DC specification, the peak value of the AC voltage applied has to be lower than the specified DC voltage.
AC loads can occur in AC motor run capacitors, for voltage doubling, in snubbers, lighting ballast and for power factor correction PFC for phase shifting to improve transmission network stability and efficiency, which is one of the most important applications for large power capacitors. These mostly large PP film or metallized paper capacitors are limited by the rated reactive power VAr.
Bipolar electrolytic capacitors, to which an AC voltage may be applicable, are specified with a rated ripple current.
Insulation resistance and self-discharge constant.
The resistance of the dielectric is finite, leading to some level of DC "leakage current" that causes a charged capacitor to lose charge over time. For ceramic and film capacitors, this resistance is called "insulation resistance Rins". This resistance is represented by the resistor Rins in parallel with the capacitor in the series-equivalent circuit of capacitors.
Insulation resistance must not be confused with the outer isolation of the component with respect to the environment.
The time curve of self-discharge over insulation resistance with decreasing capacitor voltage follows the formula
With stored DC voltage formula_46 and self-discharge constant
Thus, after formula_48 voltage formula_46 drops to 37% of the initial value.
The self-discharge constant is an important parameter for the insulation of the dielectric between the electrodes of ceramic and film capacitors. For example, a capacitor can be used as the time-determining component for time relays or for storing a voltage value as in a sample and hold circuits or operational amplifiers.
Class 1 ceramic capacitors have an insulation resistance of at least 10 GΩ, while class 2 capacitors have at least 4 GΩ or a self-discharge constant of at least 100 s. Plastic film capacitors typically have an insulation resistance of 6 to 12 GΩ. This corresponds to capacitors in the uF range of a self-discharge constant of about 2000–4000 s.
Insulation resistance respectively the self-discharge constant can be reduced if humidity penetrates into the winding. It is partially strongly temperature dependent and decreases with increasing temperature. Both decrease with increasing temperature.
In electrolytic capacitors, the insulation resistance is defined as leakage current.
Leakage current.
For electrolytic capacitors the insulation resistance of the dielectric is termed "leakage current". This DC current is represented by the resistor Rleak in parallel with the capacitor in the series-equivalent circuit of electrolytic capacitors. This resistance between the terminals of a capacitor is also finite. Rleak is lower for electrolytics than for ceramic or film capacitors.
The leakage current includes all weak imperfections of the dielectric caused by unwanted chemical processes and mechanical damage. It is also the DC current that can pass through the dielectric after applying a voltage. It depends on the interval without voltage applied (storage time), the thermic stress from soldering, on voltage applied, on temperature of the capacitor, and on measuring time.
The leakage current drops in the first minutes after applying DC voltage. In this period the dielectric oxide layer can self-repair weaknesses by building up new layers. The time required depends generally on the electrolyte. Solid electrolytes drop faster than non-solid electrolytes but remain at a slightly higher level.
The leakage current in non-solid electrolytic capacitors as well as in manganese oxide solid tantalum capacitors decreases with voltage-connected time due to self-healing effects. Although electrolytics leakage current is higher than current flow over insulation resistance in ceramic or film capacitors, the self-discharge of modern non solid electrolytic capacitors takes several weeks.
A particular problem with electrolytic capacitors is storage time. Higher leakage current can be the result of longer storage times. These behaviors are limited to electrolytes with a high percentage of water. Organic solvents such as GBL do not have high leakage with longer storage times.
Leakage current is normally measured 2 or 5 minutes after applying rated voltage.
Microphonics.
All ferroelectric materials exhibit piezoelectricity a piezoelectric effect. Because Class 2 ceramic capacitors use ferroelectric ceramics dielectric, these types of capacitors may have electrical effects called microphonics. Microphonics (microphony) describes how electronic components transform mechanical vibrations into an undesired electrical signal (noise). The dielectric may absorb mechanical forces from shock or vibration by changing thickness and changing the electrode separation, affecting the capacitance, which in turn induces an AC current. The resulting interference is especially problematic in audio applications, potentially causing feedback or unintended recording.
In the reverse microphonic effect, varying the electric field between the capacitor plates exerts a physical force, turning them into an audio speaker. High current impulse loads or high ripple currents can generate audible sound from the capacitor itself, draining energy and stressing the dielectric.
Dielectric absorption (soakage).
Dielectric absorption occurs when a capacitor that has remained charged for a long time discharges only incompletely when briefly discharged. Although an ideal capacitor would reach zero volts after discharge, real capacitors develop a small voltage from time-delayed dipole discharging, a phenomenon that is also called dielectric relaxation, "soakage" or "battery action".
In many applications of capacitors dielectric absorption is not a problem but in some applications, such as long-time-constant integrators, sample-and-hold circuits, switched-capacitor analog-to-digital converters, and very low-distortion filters, it is important that the capacitor does not recover a residual charge after full discharge, and capacitors with low absorption are specified.
The voltage at the terminals generated by the dielectric absorption may in some cases possibly cause problems in the function of an electronic circuit or can be a safety risk to personnel. In order to prevent shocks most very large capacitors are shipped with shorting wires that need to be removed before they are used.
Energy density.
The capacitance value depends on the dielectric material (ε), the surface of the electrodes (A) and the distance (d) separating the electrodes and is given by the formula of a plate capacitor:
The separation of the electrodes and the voltage proof of the dielectric material defines the breakdown voltage of the capacitor. The breakdown voltage is proportional to the thickness of the dielectric.
Theoretically, given two capacitors with the same mechanical dimensions and dielectric, but one of them have half the thickness of the dielectric. With the same dimensions this one could place twice the parallel-plate area inside. This capacitor has theoretically 4 times the capacitance as the first capacitor but half of the voltage proof.
Since the energy density stored in a capacitor is given by:
thus a capacitor having a dielectric half as thick as another has 4 times higher capacitance but ½ voltage proof, yielding an equal maximum energy density.
Therefore, dielectric thickness does not affect energy density within a capacitor of fixed overall dimensions. Using a few thick layers of dielectric can support a high voltage, but low capacitance, while thin layers of dielectric produce a low breakdown voltage, but a higher capacitance.
This assumes that neither the electrode surfaces nor the permittivity of the dielectric change with the voltage proof. A simple comparison with two existing capacitor series can show whether reality matches theory. The comparison is easy, because the manufacturers use standardized case sizes or boxes for different capacitance/voltage values within a series.
In reality modern capacitor series do not fit the theory. For electrolytic capacitors the sponge-like rough surface of the anode foil gets smoother with higher voltages, decreasing the surface area of the anode. But because the energy increases squared with the voltage, and the surface of the anode decreases lesser than the voltage proof, the energy density increases clearly. For film capacitors the permittivity changes with dielectric thickness and other mechanical parameters so that the deviation from the theory has other reasons.
Comparing the capacitors from the table with a supercapacitor, the highest energy density capacitor family. For this, the capacitor 25  F/2.3 V in dimensions D × H = 16 mm × 26 mm from Maxwell HC Series, compared with the electrolytic capacitor of approximately equal size in the table. This supercapacitor has roughly 5000 times higher capacitance than the 4700/10 electrolytic capacitor but ¼ of the voltage and has about 66,000 mWs (0.018 Wh) stored electrical energy, approximately 100 times higher energy density (40 to 280 times) than the electrolytic capacitor.
Long time behavior, aging.
Electrical parameters of capacitors may change over time during storage and application. The reasons for parameter changings are different, it may be a property of the dielectric, environmental influences, chemical processes or drying-out effects for non-solid materials.
Aging.
In ferroelectric Class 2 ceramic capacitors, capacitance decreases over time. This behavior is called "aging". This aging occurs in ferroelectric dielectrics, where domains of polarization in the dielectric contribute to the total polarization. Degradation of polarized domains in the dielectric decreases permittivity and therefore capacitance over time. The aging follows a logarithmic law. This defines the decrease of capacitance as constant percentage for a time decade after the soldering recovery time at a defined temperature, for example, in the period from 1 to 10 hours at 20 °C. As the law is logarithmic, the percentage loss of capacitance will twice between 1 h and 100 h and 3 times between 1 h and 1,000 h and so on. Aging is fastest near the beginning, and the absolute capacitance value stabilizes over time.
The rate of aging of Class 2 ceramic capacitors depends mainly on its materials. Generally, the higher the temperature dependence of the ceramic, the higher the aging percentage. The typical aging of X7R ceramic capacitors is about 2.5&nbs;% per decade. The aging rate of Z5U ceramic capacitors is significantly higher and can be up to 7% per decade.
The aging process of Class 2 ceramic capacitors may be reversed by heating the component above the Curie point.
Class 1 ceramic capacitors and film capacitors do not have ferroelectric-related aging. Environmental influences such as higher temperature, high humidity and mechanical stress can, over a longer period, lead to a small irreversible change in the capacitance value sometimes called aging, too.
The change of capacitance for P 100 and N 470 Class 1 ceramic capacitors is lower than 1%, for capacitors with N 750 to N 1500 ceramics it is ≤ 2%. Film capacitors may lose capacitance due to self-healing processes or gain it due to humidity influences. Typical changes over 2 years at 40 °C are, for example, ±3 % for PE film capacitors and ±1 % PP film capacitors.
Life time.
Electrolytic capacitors with non-solid electrolyte age as the electrolyte evaporates. This evaporation depends on temperature and the current load the capacitors experience. Electrolyte escape influences capacitance and ESR. Capacitance decreases and the ESR increases over time. In contrast to ceramic, film and electrolytic capacitors with solid electrolytes, "wet" electrolytic capacitors reach a specified "end of life" reaching a specified maximum change of capacitance or ESR. End of life, "load life" or "lifetime" can be estimated either by formula or diagrams or roughly by a so-called "10-degree-law". A typical specification for an electrolytic capacitor states a lifetime of 2,000 hours at 85 °C, doubling for every 10 degrees lower temperature, achieving lifespan of approximately 15 years at room temperature.
Supercapacitors also experience electrolyte evaporation over time. Estimation is similar to wet electrolytic capacitors. Additional to temperature the voltage and current load influence the life time. Lower voltage than rated voltage and lower current loads as well as lower temperature extend the life time.
Failure rate.
Capacitors are reliable components with low failure rates, achieving life expectancies of decades under normal conditions. Most capacitors pass a test at the end of production similar to a "burn in", so that early failures are found during production, reducing the number of post-shipment failures.
Reliability for capacitors is usually specified in numbers of Failures In Time (FIT) during the period of constant random failures. FIT is the number of failures that can be expected in one billion (109) component-hours of operation at fixed working conditions (e.g. 1000 devices for 1 million hours, or 1 million devices for 1000 hours each, at 40 °C and 0.5 UR). For other conditions of applied voltage, current load, temperature, mechanical influences and humidity the FIT can recalculated with terms standardized for industrial or military contexts.
Additional information.
Soldering.
Capacitors may experience changes to electrical parameters due to environmental influences like soldering, mechanical stress factors (vibration, shock) and humidity. The greatest stress factor is soldering. The heat of the solder bath, especially for SMD capacitors, can cause ceramic capacitors to change contact resistance between terminals and electrodes; in film capacitors, the film may shrink, and in wet electrolytic capacitors the electrolyte may boil. A recovery period enables characteristics to stabilize after soldering; some types may require up to 24 hours. Some properties may change irreversibly by a few per cent from soldering.
Electrolytic behavior from storage or disuse.
Electrolytic capacitors with non-solid electrolyte are "aged" during manufacturing by applying rated voltage at high temperature for a sufficient time to repair all cracks and weaknesses that may have occurred during production. Some electrolytes with a high water content react quite aggressively or even violently with unprotected aluminum. This leads to a "storage" or "disuse" problem of electrolytic capacitors manufactured before the 1980s. Chemical processes weaken the oxide layer when these capacitors are not used for too long. New electrolytes with "inhibitors" or "passivators" were developed during the 1980s to solve this problem.
As of 2012 the standard storage time for electronic components of two years at room temperature substantiates (cased) by the oxidation of the terminals will be specified for electrolytic capacitors with non-solid electrolytes, too. Special series for 125 °C with organic solvents like GBL are specified up to 10 years storage time ensure without pre-condition the proper electrical behavior of the capacitors.
For antique radio equipment, "pre-conditioning" of older electrolytic capacitors may be recommended. This involves applying the operating voltage for some 10 minutes over a current limiting resistor to the terminals of the capacitor. Applying a voltage through a safety resistor repairs the oxide layers.
IEC/EN standards.
The tests and requirements to be met by capacitors for use in electronic equipment for approval as standardized types are set out in the generic specification IEC/EN 60384-1 in the following sections.
Ceramic capacitors
Film capacitors
Electrolytic capacitors
Supercapacitors
Markings.
Imprinted.
Capacitors, like most other electronic components and if enough space is available, have imprinted markings to indicate manufacturer, type, electrical and thermal characteristics, and date of manufacture. If they are large enough the capacitor is marked with:
Polarized capacitors have polarity markings, usually "−" (minus) sign on the side of the negative electrode for electrolytic capacitors or a stripe or "+" (plus) sign, see #Polarity marking. Also, the negative lead for leaded "wet" e-caps is usually shorter.
Smaller capacitors use a shorthand notation. The most commonly used format is: XYZ J/K/M VOLTS V, where XYZ represents the capacitance (calculated as XY × 10Z pF), the letters J, K or M indicate the tolerance (±5%, ±10% and ±20% respectively) and VOLTS V represents the working voltage.
Examples:
Capacitance, tolerance and date of manufacture can be indicated with a short code specified in IEC/EN 60062. Examples of short-marking of the rated capacitance (microfarads): µ47 = 0,47 µF, 4µ7 = 4,7 µF, 47µ = 47 µF
The date of manufacture is often printed in accordance with international standards.
For very small capacitors like MLCC chips no marking is possible. Here only the traceability of the manufacturers can ensure the identification of a type.
Polarity marking.
Aluminum e-caps with non-solid electrolyte have a polarity marking at the cathode (minus) side. Aluminum, tantalum, and niobium e-caps with solid electrolyte have a polarity marking at the anode (plus) side. Supercapacitor are marked at the minus side.
Market segments.
Discrete capacitors today are industrial products produced in very large quantities for use in electronic and in electrical equipment. Globally, the market for fixed capacitors was estimated at approximately US$18 billion in 2008 for 1,400 billion (1.4 × 1012) pieces. This market is dominated by ceramic capacitors with estimate of approximately one trillion (1 × 1012) items per year.
Detailed estimated figures in value for the main capacitor families are:
All other capacitor types are negligible in terms of value and quantity compared with the above types.

</doc>
<doc id="2908566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908566" title="Chester Northgate railway station">
Chester Northgate railway station

Chester Northgate is a former railway station in Chester, Cheshire, England, that was a terminus for the Cheshire Lines Committee and Great Central Railway. It was the city centre's second station (with Chester General) with regular services to , and .
History.
The station, which was located on Victoria Road in the Newtown area of the city, was originally planned by the West Cheshire Railway in 1865. A year later the company was acquired by the Cheshire Lines Committee. It opened the station on 1 May 1875 for train services to Manchester Central on the Mid-Cheshire Line via Northwich. The CLC track crossed the London, Midland and Scottish Railway and Great Western Railway line over a flying junction at Mickle Trafford.
Chester Northgate had a station building and two covered roofs, it had four tracks with two side platforms. There were also lower level sidings that contained a locomotive yard. 
In 1890 the Manchester, Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway (renamed Great Central Railway in 1897) completed the Chester & Connah's Quay Railway to Hawarden Bridge. Services from Chester Northgate ran to Connah's Quay via Blacon; and also to Wrexham General and New Brighton, Wirral.
A triangle junction outside the station allowed trains to either terminate at Chester Northgate or pass through the city without stopping. During the Second World War, the station served military personnel that were based at RAF Sealand and at Blacon Camp.
In 1969 a level junction was installed at Mickle Trafford so Manchester trains could be diverted to Chester General. 
The station closed on 6 October 1969. The site is now occupied by the Northgate Arena.
Railway line.
Although Chester Northgate closed and the line to the station itself lifted, the line north of the station (avoiding Northgate by the Liverpool Road spur) remained for another 25 years. It was used by the Corus steelmaking plant at Shotton until March 1980. Freight continued to pass north of the former station on a double-tracked line until 20 April 1984. Goods services resumed on a single-track line on 31 August 1986 before final closure in the early 1990s. The trackbed is now a cycle way.

</doc>
<doc id="2908577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908577" title="Gleniffer Braes">
Gleniffer Braes

Gleniffer Braes ("brae" being the Scots language word for the slope or brow of a hill) is a short range of hills and park area to the south of Paisley, Scotland which form the boundary of Renfrewshire and Ayrshire.
Wildlife.
Cattle are used to control the vegetation and retain the wide open spaces within the park area. Birds that can be seen in the area include, skylarks, sparrowhawks, kestrels, goldcrests and chaffinches. Other animals include roe deer, woodmice, voles and tawny owls can be seen at night. 
History.
The Park has associations with the 18th and 19th century weaver poets of Paisley. Robert Tannahill (1774-1810) and Hugh Macdonald (1817-1860) are commemorated by the Tannahill walkway and the Tannahill well, Macdonald's walks and the Bonnie wee well. The Lapwing lodge outdoor centre (formerly "Peesweep") is situated on the braes. It was originally a sanatorium for Coats Mill workers and was built in 1910. The Red Cross and the Scouts used it for camping. It is now owned by the Inverclyde Regional Scout Council. There was also a pub called the "Peesweep Inn". It was converted to a private house in 1925 and further since demolished. A major electrical substation is also here. It was expanded in 2005 and covers the site of the former WWII decoy ponds as well as a radio transmitter.
Recreation.
Visitors to the park can enjoy miles of paths through woodland and moorland areas. These paths provide beautiful scenery, peace and quiet and vast open spaces. Some of the paths lead to wider walking networks out with the park, including Brandy Burn way and the Fereneze Braes paths. There is also a ranger service from the local council who provide guided walks. Cyclists and horse riders are also welcome to use the park. Picnicking, dog walking, children's playing equipment, bird watching and kite flying can also be enjoyed at the park. Seasonal activities include Easter egg rolling and sledging.

</doc>
<doc id="2908584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908584" title="Framtid i Nord">
Framtid i Nord

Framtid i Nord ("Future in the North") is a local newspaper in northern Troms, a county in Northern Norway. It focuses on local news from the municipalities of Kvænangen, Nordreisa, Lyngen, Skjervøy, Gáivuotna (Kåfjord) and Storfjord. It comes out three days a week and has a circulation of 5,294, of whom 4,413 are subscribers.
The newspaper is based in Nordreisa, and claims to be the only newspaper published from within the Arctic Circle. It is published by the company "Framtid i nord avisdrift AS", which is in turn owned by Harstad Tidende Gruppen (58.6%), Bladet Tromsø (21.0%) and Troms Folkeblad (20.4%).

</doc>
<doc id="2908604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908604" title="Lottery of birth">
Lottery of birth

The lottery of birth is a philosophical argument that states: since no one chooses where they are born, they should not be held responsible for something that is beyond their control (e.g. being rich, being poor, etc.).
The lottery of birth argument was sometimes used by philosophers such as John Locke, Thomas Hobbes, and Jean-Jacques Rousseau. More modern day uses have been prompted by political theorists such as John Rawls, who explores the subject more in depth in his book "A Theory of Justice". 
The Lottery of Birth is also the first episode in a documentary series called Creating Freedom, directed by Raoul Martinez and Joshua van Praag.

</doc>
<doc id="2908608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908608" title="Chester railway station">
Chester railway station

Chester railway station is a railway station in Newtown in the city of Chester, England. It is currently operated by Arriva Trains Wales, although Merseyrail, Northern Rail and Virgin Trains also run services from the station. It is situated to the north-east of the city centre. From 1875 to 1969 the station was known as Chester General station, to distinguish from Chester Northgate.
Work on the £10 million regeneration of the station and surrounding areas as part of the Chester Renaissance programme was completed in 2007. The development includes a new roof, improved customer facilities and better access to the station.
A small plaque commemorating Thomas Brassey, one of the world's greatest railway building contractors in the early to mid-19th century, can be seen on the wall opposite the new booking office. Thomas Brassey was born at Buerton, on what is now the Eaton Estate, some six miles south of Chester; the house is no longer standing.
The station marks one end of the Baker Way, a footpath leading to Delamere railway station.
History.
Historically, Chester General station was a joint station between the Chester and Holyhead Railway, the Chester and Crewe Railway and the Birkenhead Railway. Later these became the London and North Western Railway and the Great Western Railway (GWR). The joint station dates from 1848, replacing at least two earlier termini of the railway companies concerned.
Architecturally the station has an Italianate frontage designed by Francis Thompson. The station also has carved wooden owls at some strategic locations high in the roof beams to help deter feral pigeons.
GWR and latterly BR Western Region express passenger trains operated from Birkenhead Woodside via Chester, Wrexham, Ruabon, Gobowen, Shrewsbury, Wellington (Salop), Wolverhampton, Birmingham Snow Hill, Leamington Spa and Banbury to London Paddington station until the electrification of the West Coast Main Line in 1967.
From 1875, Chester was also served by Chester Northgate station (owned by the Cheshire Lines Committee); however, that station was closed in 1969 and is now the site of a leisure centre.
In 1993, Chester became the terminus of one of the four Wirral Line branches of the Merseyrail network, using third rail electrification and providing frequent rapid access along the Wirral to Birkenhead and all four underground stations in central Liverpool. The historic Chester and Birkenhead Railway, the first railway to serve Chester, thus now forms part of Merseyrail's Wirral Line.
Architecture.
The station was built between 1847 and 1848, designed by Francis Thompson, and built by the railway contractor Thomas Brassey. Also involved in the design and construction were the engineer C. H. Wild. who designed the train shed, and Robert Stephenson. It is built in Staffordshire blue brick and pale grey Storeton sandstone with slate roofs. Its architectural style is Italianate. It has a very long two-storey façade, with a 15-bay central section, and five-bay lateral projecting pavilions, each containing a pair of towers. The middle seven bays of the central section contain carvings by John Thomas. The station building is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
Services.
Chester is served by four train operating companies.
Merseyrail Electrics.
The Wirral Line provides a direct service to central Liverpool and central Birkenhead with underground stations at Birkenhead Hamilton Square, Liverpool James Street, Liverpool Moorfields, Low Level station and Liverpool Central. The Wirral Line runs in a clockwise loop through Liverpool's city centre returning to Chester, hence trains may be indicated as bound for Chester whether running north or south. A change at Birkenhead Hamilton Square station gives connections to New Brighton and West Kirby. A change at Liverpool Moorfields gives access to all of the Merseyrail Electrics Northern Line services. City Line services and Inter-City services are accessed by changing at Liverpool Lime Street.
Northern Rail.
There are proposals under consideration to reinstate a regular passenger service along the Halton Curve south of Runcorn railway station, which would permit the re-introduction of through trains from Liverpool to the North Wales Coast.
Refurbishment.
In mid-2005, Arriva Trains Wales announced a plan to improve the condition of the station, as Chester General had been well known for its neglected appearance. The first of these improvements to be implemented was the ticket barriers, which came into operation in July 2006. On 31 October 2008 the station renaissance was officially completed and a plaque was unveiled by the then Chester MP, Christine Russell. Improved station facilities now include a new travel centre, new customer information screens, a Costa Coffee franchise outlet, new bicycle stands and a waiting area. 2009 saw further upgrades to the island platform and footbridge.
Layout.
The station has seven platforms. Platform 1 is a bay platform located at the east end used for London bound Virgin trains and local trains to Crewe. Platform 2 at the western end is another bay platform which is mainly used by trains heading towards Cardiff/Birmingham via Wrexham and Shrewsbury. Platform 3 is a through bi-directional platform and is closest to the concourse; it is most commonly used for North Wales bound services and is split into sections 3a and 3b although on occasions a London bound train will use it.
Over the bridge – or by way of lifts – is the island platform. Opposite Platform 3 is Platform 4, another through bi-directional platform although mainly used for London bound services. Some Cardiff/Birmingham bound services also reverse here to access the Wrexham line having arrived from Holyhead. There are two east facing bays (Platforms 5 and 6, for the Mid-Cheshire line) operated by Northern Rail. Platform 7 is an additional through platform, the only one with third-rail electrification; it is split into 'a' (eastern) and 'b' (western) sections and thus capable of accommodating two trains at once. Platform 7b is used solely for Merseyrail Electrics services, and Platform 7a is used either for terminating trains from Manchester via Warrington or to accommodate a second Merseyrail Electrics train.

</doc>
<doc id="2908619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908619" title="Saint Fiacc">
Saint Fiacc

Saint Fiacc (c. 415-520) was a poet, the chief bishop of Leinster, and founder of two churches. 
Life.
His father, MacDara, was prince of the Hy-Bairrche in the country around Carlow, Ireland. His mother was sister of Dubhthach moccu Lughair, the Chief Ollam of Ireland, the first of Patrick's converts at Tara, and the apostle's lifelong friend. Fiacc was a pupil to his uncle in the bardic profession and soon embraced the Faith. Subsequently, when Patrick came to Leinster, he temporarily stayed at Dubhtach's house in Hy-Kinsellagh and selected Fiacc, on Dubhtach's recommendation, to be dedicated bishop for the converts of Leinster. 
Fiacc was then a widower; his wife had recently died, leaving him one son named Fiacre. Patrick gave him an alphabet written with his own hand, and Fiacc acquired with marvelous rapidity the learning necessary for the episcopal order. Patrick consecrated him, and in after time appointed him chief bishop of the province. Fiacc founded the church of Domnach-Fiech, east of the Barrow. Dr. Healy identifies its site at Kylebe]. To this church Patrick presented sacred vestments, a bell, the Pauline Epistles and pastoral staff. After many years of austere life in this place, Fiacc was led by angelic command to remove to the west of the Barrow, for there "he would find the place of his resurrection". The legends state that he was directed to build his oratory where he should meet a hind, his refectory where he should find a boar. He consulted Patrick, the latter fixed the site of his new church at Sletty -- "the highland"—a mile and a half northwest of Carlow.
Here he built a large monastery, which he ruled as abbot while at the same time he governed the surrounding country as bishop. His annual Lent retreat to the cave of Drum-Coblai and the rigours of his Lenten fast, on five barley loaves mixed with ashes, are mentioned in his life by Jocelyn of Furness. He suffered for many years from a painful disease and Patrick, commiserating his infirmity, sent him a chariot and a pair of horses to help him in the visitation of the diocese. He lived to a very old age; sixty of his pious disciples were gathered to their rest before him. He was buried in his own church at Sletty, his son Fiacre, whom Patrick had ordained priest, occupying the same grave. They are mentioned in several calendars as jointly revered in certain churches.
Veneration.
His feast day is 12 October.
Works.
St. Fiacc is the reputed author of the metrical life of St. Patrick in Irish, a document of prime importance as the earliest biography of the saint that has come down to us. Modern scholars generally think it was composed later, in the seventh or possibly even the eighth century. A hymn on St. Brigid, ""Audite virginis laudes"", has been sometimes attributed to him, but on insufficient grounds.

</doc>
<doc id="2908623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908623" title="Theo Lengyel">
Theo Lengyel

Theobald Brooks "Theo" Lengyel (born 1970) was the alto-saxophonist of the influential experimental-rock band Mr. Bungle.
Lengyel first worked with the band on the demo "The Raging Wrath of the Easter Bunny," and later joined as a full-time member. He appears on the band's first two major label albums, Mr. Bungle (1991) and Disco Volante (1995), and also appears - along with several other Mr. Bungle members - as a special guest on the Melt Banana song "Area 877 Mix," off of their 1998 album Charlie. According to Mr. Bungle bassist Trevor Dunn, "we unanimously decided to go on without him because he wasn't growing with the rest of the band and we were running out of things for him to do. He got pissed off and I haven't heard from him since."
Miscellaneous.
His family name means Polish in Hungarian.

</doc>
<doc id="2908635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908635" title="Urapopstar">
Urapopstar

Urapopstar, known also as URAPS, is a multiplayer browser-based role-playing game, which parodies the music industry with virtual popstars, record labels and a record chart.
The game is played by creating a virtual popstar and promoting their singles and albums in the Urapopstar promotion forum, with the aim of achieving the highest position possible in the top 40 singles and albums chart. Promotion may consist of fabricated tabloid news articles and artwork for the virtual act’s releases.
Urapopstar has been featured in both TheScotsMan.com and TheGuardian.co.uk.

</doc>
<doc id="2908664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908664" title="Construction accounting">
Construction accounting

Construction accounting is a form of project accounting applied to construction projects. See also production accounting. Construction accounting is a vitally necessary form of accounting, especially when multiple contracts come into play. The construction field uses many terms not used in other forms of accounting, such as "draw" and progress billing. Construction accounting may also need to account for vehicles and equipment, which may or may not be owned by the company as a fixed asset. Construction accounting requires invoicing and vendor payment, more or less as to the amount of business done.
In the United States, the authoritative literature on Construction accounting is AICPA Statement of Position SOP 81-1 (SOP 81-1).
Construction Costs.
Construction accounting involves charging construction costs to the applicable contract. Costs fall into three categories. Direct costs are labor, material, and subcontracting costs,land. Indirect costs include indirect labor, supervision, tools, equipment costs, supplies, insurance, and support costs. Selling, general and administrative costs, are generally excluded from contract costs.
Revenue Recognition.
Construction accounting requires unique revenue recognition rules for contracts in progress.
In most cases, revenue is recognized using the Percentage of Completion Method. Under this method, revenue is recognized using an estimate for the overall anticipated profit for a particular contract multiplied by the estimated percent complete of that contract. This involves the inherent risk of relying upon estimates.
Under SOP 81-1, revenue is also allowed to be computed using the Completed Contract Method. Under this method, contract revenues and costs are not recognized until the contract is substantially complete. However, this method is not allowable if the results are significantly different than results using the Percentage of Completion Method. The Completed Contract Method is allowed in circumstances in which reasonable estimates cannot be determined. However, these types of circumstances can be construed as a lack of internal control.

</doc>
<doc id="2908677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908677" title="Benjamin Curtis Porter">
Benjamin Curtis Porter

Benjamin Curtis Porter (August 27, 1843 - April 2, 1908), American artist, was born at Melrose, Massachusetts. He was a pupil of Albion Harris Bicknell and of the Paris schools, and was elected an associate of the National Academy of Design, New York, in 1878, and a full academician in 1880. He died in New York City.
Porter and his wife are included in Ward McAllister's list of Mrs. Astor's 400. He is best known as a painter of portraits.

</doc>
<doc id="2908702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908702" title="Lincoln J. Beachey">
Lincoln J. Beachey

Lincoln J. Beachey (March 3, 1887 – March 14, 1915) was a pioneer American aviator and barnstormer. He became famous and wealthy from flying exhibitions, staging aerial stunts, helping invent aerobatics, and setting aviation records.
He was known as "The Man Who Owns the Sky," and sometimes the "Master Birdman". Beachey was acknowledged even by his competitors as "The World's Greatest Aviator". He was "known by sight to hundreds of thousands and by name to the whole world."
Birth.
Born on March 3, 1887, in San Francisco, Beachey was a lonely, chubby kid who, according to authors Sam Kean and Frank Marrero, nobody would have suspected of becoming a hero. By the age of 10 he was hurtling down San Francisco’s steep Fillmore Hill on a bicycle with no brakes.
Following in his older brother Hillary's footsteps, he worked as a ground crewman for dirigible pilot Thomas Scott Baldwin. He helped build the dirigible "California Arrow" and made his first dirigible flight in 1905, at the age of 17. Later he helped design a faster, more aerodynamic dirigible known as the "Beachey-Baldwin".
In 1910 he piloted his Beachey-Knabenshue Racing Airship balloon at the 1910 Los Angeles International Air Meet at Dominguez Field, and raced fixed-wing aircraft around a course at an altitude of . Meanwhile, his brother Hillary began flying aeroplanes at the meet (the Gill-Dosh Curtiss-type Biplane), and Lincoln soon began experimenting with such craft, too. The next year at the 1911 Los Angeles airshow Beachey got his big break: a star pilot got hurt and Beachey leaped in to take his place. He shot upwards 3,000 feet into the air…and his motor failed. He went into a nose-diving spin that no pilot had ever survived. And he did what no pilot had ever done: he turned into the spin, regained control, and landed safe and sound.
After that, Beachey joined the exhibition team of aviation pioneer Glenn Curtiss (inventor of the moveable aileron as an improvement of the Wright brothers' "wing warping" design—which required more fragile wings capable of being bent in order to turn, or bank.) Unfamiliar with Curtiss' designs, it is said he crashed three times while learning to fly them, but soon achieved mastery of this new—and much more responsive—design.
In June the organizers of the U. S.-Canadian Carnival offered $1,000 to the first person to fly an aeroplane over Niagara Falls. Beachey responded in his Curtiss D biplane, and on June 27, 1911 Beachey took off into a drizzle and flew over the lower falls of Niagara Falls, then above American Falls, before an estimated 150,000 spectators. While gradually climbing into the sky, Beachey circled his plane over the falls several times. After he completed this performance he dove down into the mists of the falls, within 6 m of the waters surface. Then he flew his plane under "Honeymoon Bridge," above the rapids. (Local papers described his plane as looking like "a beat-up orange crate.")
Thus Beachey soon became an aviation superstar. At a time when the entire population of the US was just 90 million people, 17 million came out to see him fly in just one year. He invented figure 8s and the vertical drop, and was the first pilot to achieve terminal velocity by flying straight toward the ground. In fact, what Beachey did was so extraordinary and so dangerous, that a wave of pilots died trying to imitate him. After the death of a dear friend of his, Beachey vowed to retire. And he did—for three months. Until he finally gave in and strapped himself back in a cockpit to master the trick of all tricks: the loop. Lincoln perfected it—looping so effortlessly he seemed to own the sky.
At the 1911 Chicago International Aviation Meet, Beachey raced a train—and let his wheels touch the top of the moving train as it passed underneath. Here he also won multiple awards for his stunts, and set a new altitude record. To do this he filled his tanks with fuel, then said he would point the plane's nose skyward and keep going until the fuel ran out. For an hour and forty-eight minutes he spiraled upwards until the engine sputtered and died. He then glided in spirals to the ground, and climbed out, numb and stiff from the cold. The barograph aboard the plane showed he had reached a height of , temporarily setting the world's altitude record.
In 1912, Beachey, Parmelee, and aviation pioneer Glenn Martin performed the first night flights in California with acetylene burners, fuses, and small noise making bombs dropped over Los Angeles. In 1913, Beachey took off inside the Machinery Palace on the Exposition grounds at the San Francisco World's Fair. He flew the plane at 60 miles per hour and landed it, all inside the confines of the hall. His stunt speciality was the "dip-of-death", where he would take his plane up to , and dive toward the ground at full speed with his hands outstretched. At the very last moment he would level the plane and zoom down the raceway, with his hands off of the controls, gripping the control stick with his knees. In a jest aimed at Blanche Stuart Scott, another member of the Curtiss exhibition team, Beachey dressed up as a woman and pretended to be out of control in a mock terror to hundreds of thousands.
Orville Wright said: "An aeroplane in the hands of Lincoln Beachey is poetry. His mastery is a thing of beauty to watch. He is the most wonderful flyer of all." Thomas Alva Edison wrote: "I was startled and amazed, when I saw that youngster take to the sky and send his aeroplane through the loop and then follow that feat with an upside-down flight. I could not believe my own eyes, and my nerves were atingle for many minutes."
Solo career.
In 1913, a Russian pilot, Captain Peter Nesterov made the first inside loop. Frenchman Adolphe Pegoud later that year became the second and more famous person to do it and Beachey wanted to try it himself. Curtiss refused to build him a plane capable of the stunt, and Beachey left the flying team. At the same time, he wrote a scathing essay about stunt flying, stating most people came to exhibitions out of morbid eagerness to see young pilots die. On March 7, 1913, he announced he would never again fly professionally, believing he was indirectly responsible for the deaths of several young aviators who had tried to emulate his stunts. In May, he would cite twenty-four fatalities, all of whom were "like brothers" to him. He felt tremendous guilt about their deaths and the suffering of their families.
Beachey went into the real estate business for a time, until Curtiss reluctantly agreed to build a stunt plane powerful enough to do the inside loop. Beachey returned and, on October 7, took the plane up in the air at Hammondsport, New York. On its first flight either a downdraft or a loss of speed following a turn caused the plane to dip momentarily. One wing clipped the ridgepole of a tent on the field and the plane then swept two young women and two naval officers off the roof of a nearby hangar, from where they had been watching the flight, contrary to Beachey's wishes. One woman was killed and the others injured as a result of the fall, a distance of about ten feet. Beachey's plane crashed in a nearby field but he managed to walk away from the wreckage with minor injuries. (A coroner's jury ruled the death of the 20-year-old woman as accidental.) Beachey decided for the second time to leave aviation.
However, the sight of a circus poster changed his mind. The poster depicted a plane flying upside-down, a stunt that hadn't been attempted yet. Beachey was determined to master the loop and upside-down flight, but decided to go it alone.
He tried making a living demonstrating loops on exhibition grounds, but soon found that people would not pay to see a stunt they could see easily outside the gates. He retired for a third time, but returned when his manager had an idea that he depicted in a poster: the "Demon of the Sky" against the "Daredevil of the Ground." Beachey was to race his plane against a racing car driven by the popular driver, Barney Oldfield. The manager made sure there was a high fence around the exhibition grounds, forcing people to pay if they wanted to see the race. Beachey's plane was faster than Oldfield's car, but they took turns "winning," and crowds flocked to see their daily competitions. With the money he earned by racing, Beachey designed and built a new plane, the "Little Looper." He had his name painted in three-foot-high letters across the top wing. Soon he was flying multiple loops. Whenever he heard about another pilot setting a record for flying continuous loops, Beachey would promptly break it, flying as many as eighty loops in a row. Beachey and Oldfield toured the country, staging races everywhere they went. In Dayton, Ohio, home of the Wright Brothers, they performed to a crowd of 30,000.
After he first successfully completed a loop, he wrote a poignant reflection, saying, "The silent reaper of souls and I shook hands that day. Thousands of times we've engaged in a race among the clouds. Plunging headlong in to breathless flight, diving and circling with awful speed through ethereal space. And many times when the dazzling sunlight has blinded my eyes, and sudden darkness has numbed all my senses, I have imagined Him close at my heels. On such occasions I have defied him, but, in so doing have experienced fright which I can not explain. Today, the old fellow and I are pals."
In 1914, he dive-bombed the White House and Congress in a mock attack, proving that the US government was woefully unprepared for the age that was upon it.
In 1915, he had a large wooden model made of the Battleship Oregon, and had it anchored a mile offshore of San Francisco just before the Panama-Pacific International Exposition. The Navy loaned him 100 sailors to man the fake vessel, which was loaded with explosives. Beachey flew his plane over the model, dipped, and dropped what looked like a smoking bomb. One explosion grew into fifty as Beachey swooped over the model dreadnought. The crew had already escaped aboard a tugboat, but 80,000 people onshore screamed and some fainted in the belief that Beachey had just blown up the Oregon.
Death.
It was at the Panama-Pacific International Exposition that Beachey made his final flight. Prior to the exposition, in 1914, he had the Beachey-Eaton Monoplane built. The plane was similar to the Morane-Saulnier H with the addition of tricycle landing gear and large ailerons trailing the wing, which made the wing shape similar to, and caused some to refer to it as a Taube. Using the same radial engine he had been using in his Beachey Biplane in the lighter and more maneuverable monoplane allowed for the top speed to increase from 80 mph to 100 mph., thus making his loops and maneuvers even more spectacular. It would also be the first exhibition of inverted flight in a monoplane. He had tested it at higher altitudes, and on March 14, 1915, he was ready for his first public flight.
He took the plane up in front of a crowd of 50,000 (inside the Fairgrounds—with another 200,000 on the hills), made a loop, and turned the plane onto its back. He may have been so intent on leveling the plane inverted he failed to notice he was only above San Francisco Bay. He pulled on the controls to pull the plane out of its inverted position, where it was slowly sinking. The strain caused the rear spars in wings to break, and the crumpled plane plunged into the bay between two ships. Navy men jumped into action, but it took 1 hour and 45 minutes to recover Beachey's body. Even then, rescuers spent three hours trying to revive him. The autopsy found he had survived the crash and had died from drowning.
His funeral in San Francisco was said to be the largest in the city's history up until then. Vast crowds had followed his tours and it has been estimated 30 million people saw him in his career, 17 million in 1914 alone.

</doc>
<doc id="2908703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908703" title="Alien vs Predator (Jaguar game)">
Alien vs Predator (Jaguar game)

Alien vs Predator is a video game developed by Rebellion and published by Atari for the Atari Jaguar console in 1994. It is a part of the "Alien vs. Predator" franchise, and allows the player to play as one of three characters: an Alien, a Predator, or human Private Lance Lewis of the Colonial Marines.
Gameplay.
The game is a first-person shooter which takes place on flat plane environments with two-dimensional sprites. Each player character has its own scenario, weapons, and abilities.
When playing as the Alien, the player's objective is to rescue the Alien queen, who is being held captive on a Predator spaceship. The player must fight numerous marines and Predators through various sublevels of the ship in order to reach the Queen. The Alien is unable to heal itself from injuries and instead "cocoons" marines; if the Alien dies a cocooned marine will become a new Alien, allowing the player to continue from that location. The Alien is unable to use elevators and instead travels between levels of the ship through air ducts. 
As the Predator, the player's objective is to reach and kill the Alien queen in order to claim her skull. The Predator can use elevators to travel between levels, carry medical kits and use them to recover health, and use a cloaking device to become invisible. Weapons and scoring are based on how the Predator kills enemies. Killing an enemy while invisible results in a loss of honor points, which can in turn result in losing equipped weapons. Killing an enemy while visible, conversely, results in an increase in honor points which in turn allows access to more weapons.
When playing as Private Lewis, the player's goal is to escape a military base which has been invaded by Aliens and Predators. At the start of the game, Lewis is in the base's brig and has no weapons, motion tracker, or security clearance. The player must find weapons and security cards in order to fend off enemies and access new levels of the base, activate the base's self-destruct mechanism, and escape in the escape pod. Lewis can use medical kits to recover health, but cannot carry them and must use them immediately. Available weapons include a shotgun, pulse rifle, flame thrower, and smart gun. As Lewis, the player can use both air ducts and elevators to access new levels of the base.
Reception.
The game was one of Atari's most high profile Jaguar games, and was eagerly awaited after several delays. Most reviews of the game were favorable, with reviewers commenting on the strong atmosphere, diversity of gameplay between the different character types, and the greater reliance on strategy over the standard first-person shooter.
In 2006, GameTrailers named the game one of the "Top Ten Scariest Games". It was one of only two games released prior to 1996 to make the list (the other being "Dark Seed I"). The reviewer noted that the early hardware of the Atari Jaguar did not allow the player to notice an enemy sneaking up on them, and with little other noise and desolate backdrops in which the game took place, the overall atmosphere was amplified to a level that modern survival horror games do not always reach.

</doc>
<doc id="2908722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908722" title="Stark State College of Technology">
Stark State College of Technology

Stark State College, also known as Stark State, is a public college located in Stark County, Ohio. The school offers 230 majors, options, one-year certificates and career enhancement certificates. Approximately 4,000 noncredit students are enrolled in continuing education and contract training activities. As of fall 2012 the enrollment is 15,672.
Stark State College prepares individuals to enter fields in the liberal arts, business and entrepreneurial studies, health sciences, engineering technologies, information technologies, education and human services, math and sciences. SSC awards degrees of associate of arts, associate of science, associate of applied science, associate of applied business and associate of technical studies.
Location.
Stark State is co-located on leased from Kent State University at Stark in Jackson Township near North Canton, Ohio. Stark State also owns on the corner of Frank and Mega roads, used primarily for parking. Recently the college expanded the campus by six buildings and . Stark State also offers classes at satellite campuses in Alliance, Barberton, Carrollton, Downtown Canton, Massillon, Navarre, Plain Township, Portage Lakes and Uniontown/Hartville (starkstate.edu)
Upward Bound Math-Science Academy.
Stark State participates in the Upward Bound Math-Science Academy (UBMS) which is a college-preparatory program funded by the U.S. Department of Education and Stark State College. The Academy includes year-round academic support and a summer program that provides academic, career and social enrichment to students considering careers in the science, engineering, technology and mathematics (STEM) fields. Upward Bound is available to Canton City School students in grades 9-12. Stark State also provides a program that supports and pays Stark State students to mentor those in the UBMS Academy. 
Disability Services.
Stark State College provides assistance to students with disabilities to maximize educational opportunities and individual potential. The disability support services staff assists students with disabilities by providing academic support services; admissions procedures; financial aid information; and academic, personal and career counseling. The campus includes many accessible features, such as adapted restrooms, electric doors, handicapped parking (by permit) and Braille tactual room signs. Students must inform disability support services of their need for accommodation prior to the start of their coursework. Students must provide documentation of their disability, test reports and school records to help the disability support services coordinator provide appropriate academic accommodation and support services. A preadmission interview prior to applying to the college is suggested.
History.
Clayton G. Horn, Samuel Krugliak and Ralph Regula were the leading figures in the founding of Stark State College in 1960. The College originally was named Stark County Technical Institute and over the years, renamed Stark State Technical Institute and Stark Technical College. In 1996, the College was renamed Stark State College of Technology and, most recently, renamed as Stark State College (citation: http://www.starkstate.edu/?q=news/spring-enrollment-name-change).
Open Door Policy.
Stark State's open door admission policy allows any high school student or graduate (or GED or equivalent) to enroll, but not in a specific degree programs. Normal admission is open to anyone who is a high school graduate or an equivalent, completes the enrollment procedures, and pays the fees for admission. This is exclusive of academic record or placement testing results. This open door policy does not deny specific technology departments the right to require preliminary training or talent.
Accreditation.
Stark State College is accredited by the Higher Learning Commission of the North Central Association. In addition, a number of its specific programs are separately accredited by organizations in their respective fields.
Fuels-Cell Research at Stark State.
Stark State College constructed a $4.7 million Fuel Cell Prototyping Center in the fall of 2006. The Center is designed for use by emerging and fuel cell-related technology companies to assist them in pre-commercialization prototyping and demonstration stages of the development of fuel cell-based power generation systems.
The charter tenant in the Fuel Cell Prototyping Center was SOFCO and Rolls-Royce Fuel Cell Systems (US) Inc, now LG Fuel Cell Systems. A fuel cell is a stand-alone generator much like a battery; it can create its own power from electrochemical reduction. Stark State offers a fuel cell technology option, one-year technical certificate, certificate of competency and scholarship as part of the mechanical engineering technology program.
References.
2.Griffy-Seeton,Melissa. 2010,June,18. "Stark State College is Booming". Front page.
Retrieved from: http://www.cantonrep.com/news/x1808625262/Stark-State-College-is-Booming

</doc>
<doc id="2908724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908724" title="Quill &amp; Quire">
Quill &amp; Quire

Quill & Quire, a Canadian magazine about the book and publishing industry, was launched in 1935 and has an average circulation of 5,000 copies per issue, with a publisher-claimsed readership of 25,000. "Quill & Quire" reviews books and magazines and provides a forum for discussion of trends in the publishing industry. The publication is considered a significant source of short reviews for new Canadian books.
History.
Started in 1935 by Wallace Seccombe's Current Publications, "Quill & Quire"'s original editorial focus was on office supplies and stationery, with books taking on increasing importance only as Canada's fledgling indigenous book publishing industry began to grow and flourish. In 1971, Michael de Pencier purchased the magazine from Southam (who had bought it from Seccombe and owned it for just six months). "Quill & Quire" remained with de Pencier as part of the Key Publishers/Key Media stable for 30 years, until its sale in 2003 (as part of a larger transaction involving Key Media) to St. Josephs Corporation, a Canadian-owned and -controlled printing and media company based in Concord, Ontario, which also publishes "Toronto Life".
"Quill & Quire" was substantially redesigned in 2006 in an effort led by publisher Alison Jones, editor Derek Weiler and art director Gary Campbell. One of the chief aims of the redesign was to demonstrate to the book and magazine industries the viability of printing on 100% recycled, environmentally-friendly paper stock. (It was one of the first magazines in Canada to do so.) As part of the process, the magazine's trim size was reduced for the first time in 30 years, from a large tabloid newspaper size (11” x 14”) to that of a standard magazine. This also marked the first time the magazine was printed entirely in colour. The debut redesign issue (January 2006) featured author and artist Douglas Coupland on the cover. 
As part of this visual re-think, Campbell commissioned Canadian typographer Rod McDonald to draw a new logo and provide two custom typefaces, named Laurentian and Slate, in order to create a fresh and unique visual identity for the publication. The redesign was later shortlisted for an art direction prize at the Kenneth R. Wilson Awards. Campbell acted as art director for both the print magazine and web site for five years. Athena St. Jacques was hired to take over art direction for the print publication in 2008 when Campbell shifted his focus exclusively toward the web site, which he continued to direct until 2012. Other notable former staff include Ted Mumford, Kenneth Oppel, Bert Archer, James Grainger, and Nathan Whitlock.
Editor-in-chief Derek Weiler died unexpectedly on April 12, 2009, at age 40, as the result of a chronic heart condition.
The current editorial masthead includes Stuart Woods, editor-in-chief; Sue Carter Flinn, web editor; Steven Beattie, review editor; and Dory Cerny, Books for Young People editor. The publisher is Alison Jones and the associate publisher is Attila Berki, founder and former owner of the small publishing house Riverbank Press. Athena St. Jacques is the magazine's art director and Chelsea Murray is the marketing manager.
Quillandquire.com and digital brand expansion.
The first "Quill & Quire" web site was launched in early 2004 as a membership-based online companion to the magazine. Spearheading the project were editor Scott Anderson, art director Gary Campbell, former Shift magazine web designer Steve Park, and developer Jakub Labath. The site replaced a twice-weekly PDF email newsletter, and was one of only a few Canadian magazine web sites to successfully implement a Paywall. As of March 2014, ten years on, this paywall is still in place. At launch, the site also included an archive of Canadian book reviews dating back to 1996.
In January 2007, the staff began blogging daily in a new site feature outside of the paywall called Quillblog.
In 2010, the website was extensively redesigned by Michelle Darwin and Gary Campbell. Subsequently, the site was shortlisted for best digital design, best news coverage and website of the year at the Canadian Online Publishing Awards that year.
Site-wide social media and a global commenting platform were added in September 2011. That year the site won two awards at the COPAs: gold for best news coverage and silver for website of the year.

</doc>
<doc id="2908731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908731" title="Tattenham Corner">
Tattenham Corner

Tattenham Corner, Tattenhams or Great Tattenham and Little Tattenham is a suburban village in Surrey, UK well inside the M25 motorway with housing type, roads and its end-of-line railway station meaning it has a high proportion of Central London commuters. It adjoins the entrance to the Epsom Downs Racecourse and is historically a part of Epsom. The location is west of the A240. The town of Epsom is below the racecourse however is in its own district rather than Reigate and Banstead. Neighbouring villages other than Epsom Downs were formed from Banstead's former common on this widest part of the escarpment of the North Downs: Tadworth, Kingswood and Burgh Heath. Tattenham Corner's long western border adjoins the larger expanse of the racecourse combined with Walton Downs.
History.
Tattenham was hillslopes of the North Downs used largely for cattle pasture, sheep farming and wood gathering. By the 1770s, Tattenham Corner was the established name for the top end of the relatively new racecourse. following the setting aside of some of Epsom Downs as a racecourse, and between 1850 and 1950 many new villages were established, much larger today, as water could be successful piped uphill and deeper wells dug than ever before and new railways arrived.
Amenities.
The main amenity is a group of largely convenience and regular services shops immediately east of the station, where there is also a branch-level library.
Topography.
Tattenham Corner forms almost an exact square, less a small rectangle in the south-west corner forming Burgh Heath (the park). Elevations range between 180m AOD (above sea level) towards its south-west and 140m along most of the northern border. As such it has a sub-locality is within it, Great Burgh, which usually refers only to the former manor site there.
A residential community, Tattenhams have the traditional definition of the established church parish (built and created in 1967) and that as one of the wards of the United Kingdom, which is approximately the same. Lacking street sign settlement names, Tattenham Corner looks somewhat towards these boundaries and somewhat towards other areas that have amenities in common: including for example Banstead Athletc F.C.'s ground is squarely within Tattenham, others with shared amenities are Tadworth, Burgh Heath (its park), Nork and Epsom.
Demography and housing.
The proportion of households who owned their home outright compares to the regional average of 35.1%. The proportion who owned their home with a loan compares to the regional average of 32.5%. The remaining % is made up of rented dwellings (plus a negligible % of households living rent-free).
Homes, mostly split between the three main types of houses with gardens are predominantly of early twentieth-century origin. The fourth category of homes here, apartments range in date from the late-twentieth to the early twenty-first centuries.
Transport.
Tattenham Corner railway station is where Queen Elizabeth II used to be dropped off by the Royal Train on race days, and is closer to the racecourse than Epsom Downs railway station. There are several bus services going through the area, towards Epsom, Sutton or Redhill. In 1993 it was the site of a train crash, where a driver several times over the then legal drink-drive limit failed to stop the train at the buffers, crashing into the station-hut.

</doc>
<doc id="2908734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908734" title="Alien Swarm (mod)">
Alien Swarm (mod)

Alien Swarm is a total conversion mod for "Unreal Tournament 2004" created by Black Cat Games and initially released on May 28, 2004. "Alien Swarm", version 1.2 was released on September 10, 2004, with the official campaigns, Sigma and Ortega. "Alien Swarm" version 1.3, together with a third campaign, Telic, also introducing new weapons and items, plus some bug fixes was released on December 16, 2005. On February 13, 2007 another new campaign and the version 1.32 patch were released. On January 31, 2010 version 1.34 patch was released, adding widescreen support.
In "Alien Swarm", the player assumes the role of a commander in the Interstellar Armed Forces and uses the unique skills of the marines at his disposal to fight through infested space ships and colonies that have been overrun by aliens. "Alien Swarm" can be played both offline and online with up to eight people each controlling one of the eight unique marines. Each marine falls into one of four classes: explosives, special weapons, technical, or medic. The game can be played either as single missions or as a series of missions called a campaign.
There are currently two official campaigns for "Alien Swarm", Sigma and Ortega, as well as the Phalanx Campaign created by MjrHuRTz and Upsilon Campaign. The Telic Campaign added new weapons, items, and maps to the game. A sequel to the Telic Campaign, Escape From Rhea, brought more weapons, equipment, and maps to the game. There are also a number of fan made maps and a mutator that allows players to string together a series of maps into a custom campaign.
A remake, "Alien Swarm", is a full retail product which utilizes the Source engine and is available on the Steam distribution system free of charge. It was released on July 19, 2010.
Reception.
"Alien Swarm" was the winner of Phase 4 of the Make Something Unreal Contest for best non-FPS modification. The mod was also a finalist in the MSUC for the grand prize of an Unreal Engine license, eventually won by "Red Orchestra". The mod was also declared Mod of the Year by GameSpy.

</doc>
<doc id="2908738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908738" title="Pulsed energy weapon">
Pulsed energy weapon

A pulsed energy weapon is any weapon that:
These weapons often use large capacitors to build up a charge which is released when the weapon is fired. Large high-end systems sometimes use compulsators which store energy using rotational inertia. Weapons which do not use projectiles, such as the stun gun and laser gun, do not need any ammunition other than a power source.
Fictional pulsed energy weapons.
Laser guns in computer games are usually pulsed as the game would be too easy if the weapon emitted a continuous beam (when a continuous beam weapon does exist, it is typically either one of the strongest weapons in the game (burning through both the toughest of enemies or obstacles and its entire ammo or energy supply in a few seconds) or one of the weakest.
See also.
Directed energy weapon

</doc>
<doc id="2908751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908751" title="Lise Skjåk Bræk">
Lise Skjåk Bræk

Lise Skjåk Bræk (born Marie Elisabeth Bræk, 7 November 1941) is a Norwegian textile artist, known for her works within ceremonial apparel, uniforms, costumes, rugs, and other textiles. She is a resident of Trondheim.
She is the daughter of former minister of industry in Norway, Ola Skjåk Bræk, and Ingeborg Bræk, a noted activist for humanitarian causes.

</doc>
<doc id="2908779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908779" title="General Congregation">
General Congregation

The highest authority in the Society of Jesus is the General Congregation, an assembly of the Jesuit representatives from all parts of the world. A general congregation is always summoned on the death or resignation of the administrative head of the order—called the Superior General—to choose his successor, and it may be called at other times if circumstances warrant. A smaller congregation of worldwide representatives meets every three years to discuss internal business and to decide the need for a general congregation. Through its four-century history, the Society has convened only 35 general congregations, the 33rd of which installed Peter Hans Kolvenbach as Superior General of the Order. One of the most important recent congregations took place in two sessions (1965–1966) to revise Jesuit law and accommodate it to the spirit of the Second Vatican Council.
On February 2, 2006, the Superior General Peter Hans Kolvenbach convoked the 35th General Congregation of the Society of Jesus, to begin January 5, 2008, in Rome, after "having heard the representatives and obtained the consent of His Holiness Benedict XVI". At the same time he announced his resignation to the post of Superior General of the Society of Jesus. The 35th general Congregation will therefore elect a new Superior General as well as discuss some "very important matters concerning the whole body of the Society of Jesus", the situation which requires a General Congregation [http://www.cpalsj.org/cgi/cgilua.exe/sys/start.htm?infoid=968&sid=5].

</doc>
<doc id="2908784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908784" title="Argentine Socialist Vanguard Party">
Argentine Socialist Vanguard Party

Argentine Socialist Vanguard Party (in Spanish: "Partido Socialista Argentino de Vanguardia") was a political party in Argentina. PSAV was founded around 1960 as a leftist split from the Argentine Socialist Party (PSA). The founder of PSAV was Alexis Latendorff. The remaining PSA became known as 'PSA (Casa del Pueblo)'.
In the congress of PSAV in 1961 in Córdoba, PSAV explicitly adopted Marxism-Leninism and a politico-military revolutionary strategy.
PSAV later split up, into Popular Vanguard and Communist Vanguard.

</doc>
<doc id="2908787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908787" title="Estadio Presidente Juan Domingo Perón">
Estadio Presidente Juan Domingo Perón

The Estadio Juan Domingo Perón is a stadium in Argentina that is the home of Racing Club. The club's fans refer to it as El Cilindro.
History.
The stadium was built in the early 1950s, and funded by the government.

</doc>
<doc id="2908792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908792" title="Acasta Gneiss">
Acasta Gneiss

Found in 1989, it was named for the nearby Acasta River east of Great Bear Lake. The Acasta outcrop is found in a remote area of the Tlicho people land settlement. It is the oldest known exposed rock in the world.
Geology.
The rock exposed in the outcrop is derived from a 4.2 billion year old granitoid; an age based on radiometric dating of zircon crystals at 4.2 Ga. The Acasta Gneiss is important in establishing the early history of the continental crust. It was formed in the Basin Groups unofficial period of the Hadean eon, which came before the Archean: see Timetable of the Precambrian.
Contention for record.
In 2008, a McGill University team reported a 4.28 billion year old outcrop in the Nuvvuagittuq greenstone belt on the eastern shores of Hudson Bay, 40 kilometres south of Inukjuak, Quebec, Canada. However, the dating method used did not involve similar radiometric dating of zircon crystals and it remains somewhat contentious whether the reported date represents the age that the rock itself formed or a residual isotopic signature of older material that melted to form the rock. 
Mafic rocks from the Nuvvuagittuq greenstone belt have recorded isotopic compositions that can only be produced in the Hadean (i.e. older than 4 billion years ago) and the complete isotopic study of all the lithologies included in the Nuvvuagittuq greenstone belt suggests that it was formed nearly 4.4 billion years ago 
Exhibit.
In 2003 a team from the Smithsonian Institution collected a four-tonne boulder of Acasta Gneiss for display outside the National Museum of the American Indian in Washington, D.C.
There is also a sample of it exposed in the Museu de Geociências da Universidade de Brasília, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="2908793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908793" title="UCSJ">
UCSJ

UCSJ may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2908800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908800" title="Diocese of San Jose">
Diocese of San Jose

There are several Roman Catholic dioceses in various parts of the world named "San Jose", after Saint Joseph:
In addition, there are two apostolic vicariates:

</doc>
<doc id="2908805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908805" title="Adipate">
Adipate

Adipate (-OOC-(CH2)4-COO-) is the ionized form of adipic acid.
As food additives, adipates are used as acidity regulators. Examples are sodium adipate (E356) and potassium adipate (E357).

</doc>
<doc id="2908807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908807" title="Confederated Tribes of the Grand Ronde Community of Oregon">
Confederated Tribes of the Grand Ronde Community of Oregon

The Confederated Tribes of the Grand Ronde Community of Oregon (CTGR) consists of twenty-seven Native American tribes with long historical ties to present-day Western Oregon between the western boundary of the Oregon Coast and the eastern boundary of the Cascade Range, and the northern boundary of southwestern Washington, and the southern boundary of Northern California. 
Members of the confederation.
The tribes who were removed to Grand Ronde are:
The reservation today.
The community has an 11,040-acre (45 km²) Indian reservation, the Grand Ronde Indian Reservation, located in Yamhill and Polk counties.
Economy.
Since 1996, the tribes have received the bulk of their income from the Spirit Mountain Casino in Grand Ronde. They also receive revenue from timber. The tribes oppose the Confederated Tribes of Warm Springs' plans to build an off-reservation casino in Cascade Locks, Oregon, and spent over $800,000 on the issue in the 2006 primary races for Governor of Oregon.
CTGR cultural events.
Each July, members of the tribe travel to New York City, to see Tomanowos, a sky person who fell as a meteorite and is now on display at the American Museum of Natural History's Rose Center for Earth and Space.
Tribal languages.
Historically the tribe had people from 27 distinct languages. Members of these tribes could speak many languages due to the close proximity of many different tribes. Oregon had one of the most linguistically diverse regions in the world. But on the reservation, most people began communicating using Chinook Jargon, the trade language. The Chinook Jargon was widely spoken throughout the northwest among tribes and new-comers to the region. At Grand Ronde reservation Chinook Jargon became a creole, a first language in most native homes. This language has persisted throughout the history of the tribe and through the termination era (1954-1983), when all other tribal languages became extinct at Grand Ronde. 
In the 1970s, Grand Ronde elders began teaching Chinook Jargon language classes in the community. In the 1990s the restored Confederated tribes of Grand Ronde began a language program. Chinook Jargon was reinvisioned as Chinuk Wawa (Talking Chinuk). The Grand Ronde tribe's immersion program is now one of half a dozen Native immersion language programs in the United States that is producing speakers. This program begins in preschool classes (Lilu) and continues into Kindergarten. The immersion program is making plans to expand to a pre-8 grade program. This will create speakers of the language that will help the language survive into perpetuity.

</doc>
<doc id="2908822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908822" title="Will Hicok Low">
Will Hicok Low

Will Hicok Low (May 31, 1853 - November 27, 1933) was a United States artist, muralist, and writer on art.
Biography.
He was born at Albany, New York. In 1873 he entered the atelier of Jean-Léon Gérôme in the École des Beaux Arts at Paris, subsequently joining the classes of Carolus-Duran, with whom he remained until 1877. Returning to New York, he became a member of the Society of American Artists in 1878 and of the National Academy of Design in 1890. His pictures of New England types, and illustrations of John Keats, brought him into prominence.
Subsequently he turned his attention to decoration, and executed panels and medallions for the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel in New York City, a panel for the Essex County Court House in Newark, New Jersey as well as numerous panels for private residences and stained glass windows for various churches, including St. Paul's Methodist Episcopal Church, Newark.
He was an instructor in the schools of Cooper Union, New York, during 1882 to 1885, and in the school of the National Academy of Design from 1889 to 1892. Low, who is known to a wider circle as the friend of R. L. Stevenson, published some reminiscences, "A Chronicle of Friendships, 1873-1900" (1908).
In 1909 he illustrated the book "In Arcady" by Hamilton Wright Mabie. The style was influenced by the Art Nouveau movement.
In 1909 he married the former Mary Fairchild, the former wife of sculptor Frederick William MacMonnies.
A mural by him is located in the Howard M. Metzenbaum U.S. Courthouse.

</doc>
<doc id="2908823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908823" title="TVyNovelas">
TVyNovelas

TVyNovelas is a Mexican magazine published by Editorial Televisa.
Four international editions are also published: USA, Puerto Rico, Argentina, Chile and Colombia. It is considered the leader among showbusiness publications in Mexico, especially on the subject of telenovelas. The magazine also gives awards to the best telenovelas and TV shows of the year ("Premios TVyNovelas") broadcast by Televisa in Mexico and Univision in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="2908837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908837" title="Bulwell station">
Bulwell station

Bulwell station is a railway station and tram stop in Bulwell, Nottingham, England.
It is located on the Robin Hood Line and the Hucknall branch of the Nottingham Express Transit.
The station used to have a PlusBus scheme where train and bus tickets could be bought together giving a saving on the cost of separate tickets. However this was withdrawn due to low usage. A Nottingham and Beeston Plusbus are still valid to Bulwell on buses and trams but cannot be bought for rail journeys starting/ending at Bulwell.
Services.
Rail.
Monday to Saturday there is generally an hourly daytime service southbound to Nottingham and northbound to Mansfield Woodhouse, with all services before 0900 and after 1730 terminating at Worksop.
Sundays see 7 Nothbound trains to Worksop or Mansfield Woodhouse and 6 Southbound services to Nottingham.
There is also one daily service Mondays to Fridays from Mansfield Woodhouse directly to Norwich, however there is no returning train.
The station used to have 2 rail platforms, but the down platform was removed to make way for the Nottingham Express Transit tram stop.
Tram.
Most trams continue to Station Street.
Mondays-Fridays
Saturdays
Sundays and Bank Holidays

</doc>
<doc id="2908847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908847" title="Chemical clock">
Chemical clock

A chemical clock is a complex mixture of reacting chemical compounds in which the concentration of one or more components exhibits periodic changes, or where sudden property changes occur after a predictable induction time.
They are a class of reactions that serve as an example of non-equilibrium thermodynamics, resulting in the establishment of a nonlinear oscillator. The reactions are theoretically important in that they show that chemical reactions do not have to be dominated by equilibrium thermodynamic behavior.
In cases where one of the reagents has a visible color, crossing a concentration threshold can lead to an abrupt color change in a reproducible time lapse. Examples of clock reactions are the Belousov-Zhabotinsky reaction, the Briggs-Rauscher reaction, the Bray-Liebhafsky reaction and the iodine clock reaction. The concentration of products and reactants of oscillatory chemical systems can be approximated in terms of damped oscillations.
History.
The earliest scientific evidence that such reactions can oscillate was met with extreme scepticism. In 1828, G.T. Fechner published a report of oscillations in a chemical system. He described an electrochemical cell that produced an oscillating current. In 1899, W. Ostwald observed that the rate of chromium dissolution in acid periodically increased and decreased. Both of these systems were heterogeneous and it was believed then, and through much of the last century, that homogeneous oscillating systems were nonexistent. While theoretical discussions date back to around 1910, the systematic study of oscillating chemical reactions and of the broader field of non-linear chemical dynamics did not become well established until the mid-1970s.
Theory.
Theoretical models of oscillating reactions have been studied by chemists, physicists, and mathematicians. In an oscillating system the energy-releasing reaction can follow at least two different pathways, and the reaction periodically switches from one pathway to another. One of these pathways produces a specific intermediate, while another pathway consumes it. The concentration of this intermediate triggers the switching of pathways. When the concentration of the intermediate is low, the reaction follows the producing pathway, leading then to a relatively high concentration of intermediate. When the concentration of the intermediate is high, the reaction switches to the consuming pathway.
Different theoretical models for this type of reaction have been created, including the Lotka-Volterra model, the Brusselator and the Oregonator. The latter was designed to simulate the Belousov-Zhabotinsky reaction.
Types.
BZ reaction.
In a Belousov–Zhabotinsky reaction, the only common element in these oscillating systems is the inclusion of bromine and an acid.
An essential aspect of the BZ reaction is its so-called "excitability" — under the influence of stimuli, patterns develop in what would otherwise be a perfectly quiescent medium. Some clock reactions such as Briggs–Rauscher and BZ using the chemical ruthenium bipyridyl as catalyst can be excited into self-organising activity through the influence of light.
Boris Belousov first noted, sometime in the 1950s, that in a mix of potassium bromate, cerium(IV) sulfate, propanedioic acid and citric acid in dilute sulfuric acid, the ratio of concentration of the cerium(IV) and cerium(III) ions oscillated, causing the colour of the solution to oscillate between a yellow solution and a colorless solution. This is due to the cerium(IV) ions being reduced by propanedioic acid to cerium(III) ions, which are then oxidized back to cerium(IV) ions by bromate(V) ions.
Briggs–Rauscher reaction.
The Briggs–Rauscher oscillating reaction is one of a small number of known oscillating chemical reactions. It is especially well suited for demonstration purposes because of its visually striking color changes: the freshly prepared colorless solution slowly turns an amber color, suddenly changing to a very dark blue. This slowly fades to colorless and the process repeats, about ten times in the most popular formulation.
Bray–Liebhafsky reaction.
The Bray–Liebhafsky reaction is a chemical clock first described by W. C. Bray in 1921 with the oxidation of iodine to iodate:
and the reduction of iodate back to iodine:
See also.
There are other classes of chemical oscillators: 

</doc>
<doc id="2908856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908856" title="Tartrate">
Tartrate

A tartrate is a salt or ester of the organic compound tartaric acid, a dicarboxylic acid. The formula of the tartrate dianion is O−OC-CH(OH)-CH(OH)-COO− or C4H4O62−. 
The main forms of tartrates used commercially are pure crystalline tartartic acid used as an acidulant in non-alcoholic drinks and foods, cream of tartar used in baking, and Rochelle Salt, commonly used in electroplating solutions.
As food additives.
As food additives, tartrates are used as antioxidants, acidity regulators, and emulsifiers. Examples include
In wine.
In wine, tartrates are the harmless crystalline deposits that separate from wines during fermentation and aging. The principal component of this deposit is potassium bitartrate, a potassium salt of tartatic acid. Small amounts of pulp debris, dead yeast, and precipitated phenolic materials such as tannins make up the impurities contaminating the potassium acid tartrate.
The wine industry is the only source of commercial tartrates, and the crystalline encrustations left inside fermentation vessels are regularly scraped off and purified for commercial use.
Tartrates separate from new wines because they are less soluble in alcohol than in non-alcoholic grape juice. The exact figures vary according to variety and region, but approximately half of the tartrate soluble in grape juice is insoluble in wine. The problem is that the tartrate may remain in a supersaturated state after bottling, only to crystallize at some unpredictable later time.
Tartrates precipitated in red wine usually take on some red pigment and are commonly dismissed as mere sediment; in white wines they can look alarmingly like shards of glass. The modern wine industry has decided that tartrate stabilization is preferable to consumer education.

</doc>
<doc id="2908863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908863" title="Estadio Ciudad de La Plata">
Estadio Ciudad de La Plata

The Estadio Ciudad de La Plata is a multi-purpose stadium located in the city of La Plata, Argentina. It is also known popularly as the Estadio Único and is owned by the Province of Buenos Aires, administered jointly by the provincial government, the Municipality of La Plata, and the football clubs Estudiantes de La Plata and Gimnasia y Esgrima de la Plata.
History.
Opened on June 7, 2003, the Estadio Ciudad de La Plata is one of the most modern of Latin America, even without having completed all of the planned construction. Its tenants include Estudiantes LP and Gimnasia y Esgrima LP. Gimnasia returned to their original stadium in mid-2008. 
It is located between 32nd and 526th avenues, 25 Street and 21. These fields also contain a small rugby stadium and a center for Physical Education, which tend to be intercollegiate events with schools in the area, such as the school No. 31, better known as the Saint Martin Commercial.
Besides the planned placement of the cover to the third stage, which will begin in 2009, by virtue of being made the first two stages.
Beginnings.
The idea of the project began in 1947 when Governor Domingo Mercante expropriated the property located at the junction of Roads 32 and 25 and formed the La Plata Sports Complex.
In 1972, La Plata was to be a candidate to host matches in the 1978 FIFA World Cup.
In 1989, after a meeting between the Buenos Aires Province Government and the Municipality of La Plata's, Estudiantes and Gimnasia, created a committee to build and manage a complex dedicated entirely to the practice of football and other sports.
Thus, after reviewing several alternatives, the construction of the stadium was proposed to take place in the area of the Center for Physical Education No. 2. This determined as the most accessible area for a stadium in La Plata. In January 1992 it was signed into law 11118, which established the construction site.
Present.
On April 21, 1992, the Estadio Ciudad de La Plata Foundation was established, which was an institution composed equally of representatives from Estudiantes and Gimnasia. The College of Architects and Engineers held a meeting in April 1993 to choose an architectural proposal. It was awarded to Roberto Ferreira & Associates.
In 1996 a permit was given by the Executive Branch that awarded the provincial administration the right to begin construction the following year. The Executive Unit called for public tenders for the job.
A year later they began building the supports for the roof. And in 1998, the governor Eduardo Duhalde and the Mayor of La Plata, Julio Alak, laid the first stone to begin the construction of the stadium.
The works also detained foir trade union and economic problems in 2000, so ad with Eduardo Duhalde as President of the Nation, called for a new tender for the allocation of investment with a view to its installation in May 2003.
The stadium opened on June 7, 2003. It has been confirmed as one of seven venues to host the 2011 Copa América in Argentina. It will host the opening game on July 1.
The stadium was temporarily closed to convert it into an all-seater stadium, and to install a new roof intended to cover all seats. Work had gone ahead of schedule and the roof was finished before the end of February.
The stadium was officially reopened on February 17, 2011, and its first match was played six days later between Estudiantes and Deportes Tolima for the Group 7 of the 2011 Copa Libertadores.
The stadium has since become a significant venue for musicians on tour. Over 300,000 tickets to such events at the stadium were sold in 2011, ranking the La Plata Stadium fifth worldwide in performing events tickets sold.
The stadium also hosted the second rugby match between the Pumas and the All Blacks on the Rugby Championship on September 29, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="2908867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908867" title="Graphical Data Display Manager">
Graphical Data Display Manager

GDDM (Graphical Data Display Manager) is a computer graphics system for the IBM System/370 which was developed in IBM's Hursley lab, and first released in 1979. GDDM was originally designed to provide programming support for the IBM 3279 colour display terminal and the associated 3287 colour printer. The 3279 was the first colour graphics terminal that could be used in a general business environment. 
GDDM was extended in the early 1980s to provide graphics support for all of IBM's display terminals and printers, and ran on all of IBM's mainframe operating systems. 
GDDM also provided support for the (then current) international standards for interactive computer graphics: GKS and PHIGS. Both GKS and PHIGS were designed around the requirements of CAD systems.
GDDM comprises a number of components:
GDDM remains in widespread use today, embedded in many z/OS applications, as well as in System programs.
GDDM and OS/2 Presentation Manager.
When IBM and Microsoft began collaborating on the design of OS/2 in 1986 the Graphics Presentation Interface (GPI) which was the graphics API in Presentation Manager was based on IBM's GDDM and the Graphics Control Program (GCP). GCP was originally developed in Hursley for the 3270/PC-G and 3270/PC-GX terminals. 
The GPI was used as the primary graphics API for the OS/2 operating system.
At the time (1980s), the graphical user interface (GUI) was still in its early stages of popularity, but already it was clear that the foundation of a good GUI was a graphics API with strong "real-time interactive" capabilities. Unfortunately, the design of GDDM was closer to (at the time) traditional graphics APIs like GKS, which made it unsuited for more than the simplest interactive uses.
Microsoft and IBM went their separate ways in 1991. Microsoft continued development of its Windows operating environment with Graphics Device Interface (GDI) graphics API. IBM continued with OS/2 for several more years.

</doc>
<doc id="2908880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908880" title="Donald Fletcher">
Donald Fletcher

Donald Fletcher was a real estate tycoon in Colorado in the late 19th century. 
He was born in Cobourg, Ontario, Canada, in 1849. His family moved to Chicago, Il when he was a child. He later attended New York University, Knox College and Union Seminary. In 1879, at the age of 30, he moved to Colorado for health reasons. He founded a town on the plains east of Denver in 1891 and named it after himself. Two years later, Fletcher deserted the town and left the residents with bond payments for non-existent water. Without a stable source of water, the town of Fletcher nearly met its demise and petitioned for annexation by Denver. However, the town endured and was renamed Aurora in 1907, removing the reference to its infamous founder. The townsite of Fletcher is now known as "Original Aurora", the northwest corner of Colorado's third-largest city. Today a square in the heart of Original Aurora is named "Fletcher Plaza" and includes a sunken garden and tree-lined sitting area.

</doc>
<doc id="2908894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908894" title="Massachusetts Library Association">
Massachusetts Library Association

The Massachusetts Library Association (MLA) is the Massachusetts, United States professional library association that "advocates for libraries, librarians, and library staff, defends intellectual freedom, and provides a forum for leadership, communication, professional development, and networking to keep libraries vital." MLA publishes standards for library services to Massachusetts children and young adults. MLA sponsors an annual conference, as well as continuing education programs and organizational reports of interest. MLA's offices are based in Bedford, MA. 
History.
MLA was founded in 1890 as the "Massachusetts Library Club". The gavel that has been passed down from president to president is said to be made from the wood of the USS Constitution. The MLA had a committee called The Art Club that created sets of photographs for travelling art exhibits that would rotate through Massachusetts member and associate libraries as early as 1900. 
In 1962 MLA's Intellectual Freedom Committee gave testimony before the Massachusetts Obscene Literature Control Commission opposing the suppression of Henry Miller's book Tropic of Cancer supporting Massachusetts residents' freedom to read.
Publications.
MLA has acted as both a publisher of authors such as Robert Frost as well as an author on many state standards for library services to different populations.

</doc>
<doc id="2908908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908908" title="Battle of Salineville">
Battle of Salineville

The Battle of Salineville occurred July 26, 1863, near Salineville, Ohio during Morgan's Raid in the American Civil War. It was one of the northernmost military actions involving the Confederate States Army. The decisive Union victory shattered John Hunt Morgan's remaining Confederate cavalry and led to his capture later that day.
Background.
In June 1863, Confederate Brig. Gen. John Hunt Morgan departed his camp in Tennessee on a raid with 2,460 troopers, intending to divert the attention of the Union Army of the Ohio from Southern forces in the state. On July 8, 1863, Morgan crossed the Ohio River at Brandenburg, Kentucky, and entered Indiana, in violation of his orders to remain in Kentucky. After a victory at the Battle of Corydon, Morgan proceeded eastward into Ohio, pursued by Federal troops under Brig. Gen. James M. Shackelford. On July 19, Morgan attempted to cross the Ohio River into West Virginia at Buffington Island, upriver from Pomeroy in Meigs County, Ohio. Some of his men did make it across the river and back to the South. However, Union forces under Brig. Gens. Edward H. Hobson and Henry M. Judah captured an estimated 800 – 1,200 of Morgan's force, while some 300 under Col. Adam "Stovepipe" Johnson managed to cross upriver.
General Morgan and the remaining 400 men of his command escaped, cut off from the river crossings. When another attempt to ford the river failed, he headed north, eventually reaching Columbiana County, still hoping to cross the Ohio River at some point and head back to the South. His route took him through a number of terrified villages, including Moorefield, Harrisville, New Athens, Smithfield, New Alexandria, Wintersville, Two Ridge, Richmond, East Springfield, Bergholz, and Monroeville (Jefferson County). With his horses playing out and his men emotionally and physically exhausted, Morgan trudged northward while his pursuers blocked attempts to reach the river.
The battle and Morgan's surrender.
Union General Shackelford continued in pursuit of Morgan, leading a mixed command of cavalry, artillery, and mounted infantry from Illinois, Kentucky, Tennessee, Michigan, and Ohio, as well as the Steubenville Militia. Morgan's weary men were isolated, under constant pursuit, and heading deeper into enemy territory. Eventually, Morgan was flanked and cut off by Union forces on July 26, 1863 at Salineville, near Lisbon, Ohio. Badly outnumbered, Morgan attempted to cut his way out from the estimated 3,000 Federals. He lost 364 men (including 23 dead, several wounded, and nearly 300 captured) in a firefight that lasted no more than an hour and a half. Remarkably, General Morgan and a small number of his men initially managed to elude capture. However, at 2:00 p.m., they surrendered to Union Maj. George W. Rue of the 9th Kentucky Cavalry near West Point, Ohio approximately 8 miles northeast of Salineville. Today, a historical marker commemorates the location of the surrender.
Major Rue later reported that General Morgan, upon first seeing the Major and his troops approaching, surrendered to one of his own prisoners, an Ohio Militia captain named Burbridge, who then immediately paroled Morgan and his fellow officers, an act that would have allowed them to return home to Kentucky as noncombatants. Rue disregarded that "surrender" and insisted that Morgan formally surrender to the Union forces, ignoring the paroles. Troops escorted Morgan to Columbus, Ohio, where he and many of his officers were imprisoned in the Ohio Penitentiary. Many of his captured soldiers were sent to Camp Chase and other prisoner of war camps in the North.
In July and August 1863 Ohio Governor David Tod led an inquiry into Morgan's surrender. Governor Tod concluded that Captain Burbridge was actually James Burbick, a private citizen of New Lisbon, Ohio, who had never served an as officer in the Ohio Militia. As such, Governor Tod ruled that he had no authority over Morgan, and that Morgan’s surrender to Union forces stood.
Another Confederate action, the St. Albans raid, was farther north than the Battle of Salineville. On October 19, 1864, thirty Confederates slipped southward from Canada and raided St. Albans, Vermont. However, they were not an official command of the Confederate army but probably connected to the Confederate Secret Service to conduct the St. Albans Raid. General Morgan’s place of surrender at West Point is considered to be the northernmost point reached by an officially organized Confederate body during the Civil War.

</doc>
<doc id="2908913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908913" title="General Instruction of the Roman Missal">
General Instruction of the Roman Missal

The General Instruction of the Roman Missal (GIRM)—in the Latin original, Institutio Generalis Missalis Romani (IGMR)—is the detailed document governing the celebration of Mass of the ordinary form of the Roman Rite of the Catholic Church since 1969. It is printed at the start of recent editions of the Roman Missal.
This document unified and replaced a number of documents that were printed in earlier editions:
Structure.
The "General Instruction" is arranged in nine chapters, preceded by a preamble. The chapter headings are:
Importance.
In his apostolic exhortation "Sacramentum caritatis", Pope Benedict XVI stressed the importance of proper knowledge of the "General Instruction" not only for priests but also for the laity: 
Text.
The Latin original may be consulted at a number of sites. The most easily legible on a computer screen is perhaps that of the Salesians of Don Bosco (German Salesians).
An English translation, but with adaptations for the United States of America, can be consulted at the appropriate web page of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops' Committee on Divine Worship. The same translation, but with adaptations instead for England and Wales, may be found at the web site of the England & Wales Liturgy Office.

</doc>
<doc id="2908925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908925" title="Innocence (disambiguation)">
Innocence (disambiguation)

Innocence is a term used to indicate a lack of guilt, with respect to any kind of crime, sin, or wrongdoing.
Innocence may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2908927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908927" title="Estadio Tomás Adolfo Ducó">
Estadio Tomás Adolfo Ducó

Estadio Tomás Adolfo Ducó is a stadium in Argentina. It is located in the Parque Patricios neighborhood of Buenos Aires. Argentine football club Huracán owns this stadium, which was built thanks to the support of the Argentinian Army, especially due to the efforts of Tomás Ducó.

</doc>
<doc id="2908928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908928" title="MAUD Committee">
MAUD Committee

The Maud Committee (Military Application of Uranium Detonation) was the beginning of the British atomic bomb project, before the United Kingdom joined forces with the United States in the Manhattan Project. It prompted to USA to begin its own atomic bomb project.
Frisch & Peierls.
In February 1940, Otto Frisch and Rudolf Peierls, working at the University of Birmingham in the UK, considered the possibility of fast fission in uranium-235. They estimated the critical mass of pure U-235 was only "a pound or two", and that much of this mass would react before the rest was blown away by the explosion. They estimated the likely effects of the bomb, possible methods of assembly and made estimates on how feasible it was to separate the uranium-235. They prepared a memorandum, the Frisch–Peierls memorandum, on their discovery and gave a copy to their professor, Marcus Oliphant, who passed to Henry Tizard, the chairman of the Committee on the Scientific Survey of Air Defence, which was the most important scientific committee for defence in Britain.
First meetings.
At Tizard's behest, the Maud Committee first met on 10 April 1940 to consider Britain's actions regarding the "uranium problem". A research programme on isotope separation and fast fission was agreed upon. In June 1940 Franz Simon was commissioned to research on isotope separation through gaseous diffusion. Ralph H. Fowler was also asked to send the progress reports to Lyman Briggs in America from that date.
There are differing theories on how the Maud Committee acquired its code name in July 1941. One theory is that MAUD stands for Military Applications of Uranium Detonation. Another story has it that there was actually no acronym behind the name, but that it arose from a misunderstanding of a telegram sent to England by Lise Meitner with news from Niels Bohr, and to "Please inform Cockcroft and Maud Ray Kent." Thomson, deciding that "maud ray kent" was an anagram for "radium taken," borrowed the word MAUD to name his committee in an enigmatic way. In reality, Maud Ray was an English governess from Kent who had taught Bohr's sons English. 
The MAUD Committee consisted of:
Although the original work had been done by Frisch and Peierls, one was German, one was Austrian and so were "officially" classified as "enemy aliens" and could not be a part of a wartime committee. (Later they both made significant contributions at Los Alamos as part of the British Mission.)
The reports.
Franz Simon completed his work on isotopic separation in December 1940, concluding that it was possible. This included cost estimates and technical specifications for a large uranium enrichment plant. James Chadwick, author of the report's final draft, later wrote that at that time he "realised that a nuclear bomb was not only possible, it was inevitable. I had then to start taking sleeping pills. It was the only remedy."
In March 1941 the Department of Terrestrial Magnetism (DTM) at the Carnegie Institution measured the fast cross-section of U-235. Using it, Peierls calculated a new critical mass for U-235 at 18 pounds as a bare sphere, or 9–10 pounds when surrounded by a reflector. A report was produced in the same month by the Maud Committee, describing the importance of fast fission for bomb design and a copy was sent to the Uranium Committee in the USA. The secretary of the committee, Lyman Briggs, locked up the document on arrival in March 1941 and showed it to no one.
The Maud Report dismissed plutonium production, thermal diffusion, the electromagnetic method, and the centrifuge and recommended gaseous diffusion of uranium-235 on a massive scale. The British believed that uranium research could lead to the production of a bomb in time to affect the outcome of the war. While the Maud Report was supposed to provide encouragement to Americans by advocating a larger uranium research programme, it also served as a sobering reminder that fission had been discovered in Nazi Germany almost three years earlier, and that, since the spring of 1940, a large part of the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute in Berlin had been set aside for uranium research.
Chadwick's final draft, July 1941; Telling the USA.
After months of growing pressure from scientists in Britain and in the US (particularly Berkeley's Ernest Lawrence), Vannevar Bush at the National Defense Research Committee (NDRC) decided to review the prospects of nuclear energy further and engaged Arthur Compton and the National Academy of Sciences. Their report was issued 17 May 1941 but did not address the design or manufacture of a bomb in any detail.
On 15 July 1941 the MAUD Committee approved its two final reports and disbanded. One report was on 'Use of Uranium for a Bomb' and the other was on 'Use of Uranium as a Source of Power'. The first report concluded that a bomb was feasible, describing it in technical detail, providing specific proposals for developing a bomb and including cost estimates. It said that a bomb would contain about 12 kg of active material which would be equivalent to 1,800 tons of TNT and would release large quantities of radioactive substances which would make places near the explosion site dangerous to humans for a long period. It estimated that a plant to produce 1 kg of U-235 per day would cost £5 million and would require a large skilled labour force that was also needed for other parts of the war effort. It suggested that the Germans could also be working on the bomb, and so it recommended that the work should be continued with high priority in cooperation with the Americans, even though they seemed to be concentrating on the future use of uranium for power and naval propulsion. 
The second MAUD Report concluded that the controlled fission of uranium could be used to provide energy in the form of heat for use in machines, as well as providing large quantities of radioisotopes which could be used as substitutes for radium. It referred to the use of heavy water and possibly graphite as moderators for the fast neutrons. It concluded that the 'uranium boiler' (i.e., a nuclear reactor) had considerable promise for future peaceful uses but that it was not worth considering during the present war. The Committee recommended that Hans von Halban and Lew Kowarski should move to the USA where there were plans to make heavy water on a large scale. The possibility that plutonium might be more suitable than U-235 was mentioned, and it suggested that this work should be continued in Britain.
Britain was at war and felt an atomic bomb was urgent; the USA was not at war. It was Marcus Oliphant who pushed the American programme into action. Oliphant flew to the United States in late August 1941 in an unheated bomber, ostensibly to discuss the radar programme, but was actually tasked to find out why the United States was ignoring the Maud Committee's findings. Oliphant reported: "The minutes and reports had been sent to Lyman Briggs, who was the Director of the Uranium Committee, and we were puzzled to receive virtually no comment. I called on Briggs in Washington, only to find out that this inarticulate and unimpressive man had put the reports in his safe and had not shown them to members of his committee. I was amazed and distressed."
Oliphant then met with the Uranium Committee. Samuel K. Allison was a new committee member, a talented experimentalist and a protégé of Arthur Compton at the University of Chicago. Oliphant "came to a meeting," Allison recalls, "and said 'bomb' in no uncertain terms. He told us we must concentrate every effort on the bomb and said we had no right to work on power plants or anything but the bomb. The bomb would cost 25 million dollars, he said, and Britain did not have the money or the manpower, so it was up to us." Allison was surprised that Briggs had kept the committee in the dark.
Oliphant then visited his friend Ernest Lawrence, James Conant and Enrico Fermi to explain the urgency. Lawrence then also contacted James Conant and Arthur Compton. In October 1941, Vannevar Bush presented the final Report draft to the President, who ordered Bush to obtain the blessing for a Bomb Project from the National Academy of Sciences; in December, Bush created the larger and more powerful Office of Scientific Research and Development (OSRD), which was empowered to engage in large engineering projects in addition to research, and became its director, leading to the creation of the Manhattan Project. Meanwhile in Britain a separate nuclear bomb programme continued under the code name Tube Alloys.
Russia's interest.
In 1943 the NKVD obtained a copy of the final report by the MAUD Committee. This led Stalin to order the start of a Soviet programme, but with very limited resources. Igor Kurchatov was appointed director of the nascent programme later that year.

</doc>
<doc id="2908930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908930" title="Did you know">
Did you know

Did you know may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2908932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908932" title="Atlas Comics (1950s)">
Atlas Comics (1950s)

Atlas Comics is the 1950s comic book publishing company that evolved into Marvel Comics. Magazine and paperback novel publisher Martin Goodman, whose business strategy involved having a multitude of corporate entities, used Atlas as the umbrella name for his comic-book division during this time. Atlas, which itself had evolved out of Goodman's 1940s comic-book division, Timely Comics, was located on the 14th floor of the Empire State Building.
This company is distinct from the 1970s comic-book company, also founded by Goodman, that is generally known as Atlas/Seaboard Comics.
After the Golden Age.
Atlas Comics grew out of Timely Comics, the company Goodman founded in 1939 and whose star characters during the 1930s and 1940s Golden Age of comic books were the Human Torch, the Sub-Mariner, and Captain America. The post-war era, however, found superheroes falling out of fashion. Television and paperback books now also competed for readers and leisure time.
Timely stopped producing superhero comics with the cancellation of "Captain America Comics" at issue #75 (Feb. 1950) — by which time the series had already been "Captain America's Weird Tales" for two issues, with the finale featuring merely anthological suspense stories and no superheroes. The company's flagship title, "Marvel Mystery Comics", starring the Human Torch, had already ended its run (with #92, June 1949), as had "Sub-Mariner Comics" (with #32, the same month). The company did make one more attempt at superheroes with the publication of "Marvel Boy" #1-2 (Dec. 1950 - Feb. 1951), which was retitled "Astonishing" with issue #3 (April 1951) and continued the feature through #6 (Oct. 1951).
In lieu of superheroes, Goodman's new comic-book line expanded into a wider variety of genres than even Timely had published, emphasizing horror, Westerns, humor, funny-animal, men's adventure-drama, crime, and war comics, later adding a helping of jungle, romance, espionage, medieval adventure, Bible stories, and sports comics. As did other publishers, Atlas also offered humorous comics about models and career women.
Goodman began using the globe logo of the Atlas News Company, the newsstand-distribution company he owned, on comics cover-dated November 1951 even though another company, Kable News, continued to distribute his comics through the August 1952 issues, with its "K" logo and the logo of the independent distributors' union appearing alongside the Atlas globe. This united a line put out by the same publisher, staff and freelancers through 59 shell companies, from Animirth Comics to Zenith Publications. 
Atlas would attempt to revive superheroes in "Young Men" #24-28 (Dec. 1953 - June 1954), with the Human Torch (art by Syd Shores and Dick Ayers, variously), the Sub-Mariner (drawn and most stories written by Bill Everett), and Captain America (writer Stan Lee, artist John Romita Sr.). The short-lived revival also included restarts of "Sub-Mariner Comics" (issues #33-42, April 1954 - Oct. 1955) and "Captain America" (#76-78, May-Sept. 1954). All three superheroes appeared as well in the final two issues of "Men's Adventures" (#27-28, May–July 1954).
Trend-following.
Goodman's publishing strategy for Atlas involved what he saw as the proven route of following popular trends in TV and movies — Westerns and war dramas prevailing for a time, drive-in movie monsters another time — and even other comic books, particularly the EC horror line. As Marvel/Atlas editor-in-chief Stan Lee told historian Les Daniels, Goodman "would notice what was selling, and we'd put out a lot of books of that type." Commented Daniels, "The short-term results were lucrative; but while other publishers took the long view and kept their stables of heroes solid, Goodman let his slide." While Atlas had some horror titles, such as "Marvel Tales", as far back as 1949, the company increased its output dramatically in the wake of EC's success. Lee recalled, "t was usually based on how the competition was doing. When we found that EC's horror books were doing well, for instance, we published a lot of horror books." Until the early 1960s, when Lee would help revolutionize comic books with the advent of the Fantastic Four and Spider-Man, Atlas was content to flood newsstands with profitable, cheaply produced product — often, despite itself, beautifully rendered by talented if low-paid artists.
The Atlas "bullpen" had at least five staff writers (officially called editors) besides Lee: Hank Chapman, Paul S. Newman, Don Rico, Carl Wessler, and, in the teen-humor division, future "Mad" magazine cartoonist Al Jaffee. Daniel Keyes, future author of "Flowers for Algernon", was an editor beginning 1952. Other writers, generally freelance, included Robert Bernstein.
The artists — some freelance, some on staff — included such veterans as Human Torch creator Carl Burgos and Sub-Mariner creator Bill Everett. The next generation included the prolific and much-admired Joe Maneely, who before his death just prior to Marvel's 1960s breakthrough was the company's leading artist, providing many covers and doing work in all genres, most notably on Westerns and on the medieval adventure "The Black Knight". Others included Russ Heath, Gene Colan, and the fledgling, highly individualistic Steve Ditko.
Atlas' most prominent Western titles, many reprinted in the 1970s, were "Ringo Kid", with art by Maneely, Fred Kida and John Severin; artist Doug Wildey's "The Outlaw Kid"; artist Jack Keller's "Kid Colt, Outlaw" and the anthology "Gunsmoke Western", starring Kid Colt; and "The Black Rider", drawn by Maneely, Syd Shores and others. (The Atlas versions of two prominent 1960s Marvel Western characters, the Rawhide Kid and the Two-Gun Kid, were different and historically undistinguished iterations.)
Humor and miscellanea.
Atlas also published a plethora of children's and teen humor titles, including Dan DeCarlo's "Homer, the Happy Ghost" (a la Casper the Friendly Ghost), "Homer Hooper" (a la Archie Andrews) and the Joe Maneely-drawn "Melvin the Monster" (a la "Dennis the Menace"). "Sergeant Barney Barker", drawn by John Severin, was Atlas' answer to "Sgt. Bilko".
One of the most long-running titles was "Millie the Model", which began as a Timely Comics humor book in 1945 and ran a remarkable 207 issues, well into the Marvel-era 1970s, launching spin-offs along the way. Created or co-created (accounts differ) by artist Ruth Atkinson, it later became the proving ground for cartoonist DeCarlo — the future creator of Josie and the Pussycats; Sabrina, the Teenage Witch; and other Archie Comics characters, and the artist who established Archie's modern look. DeCarlo wrote and drew "Millie" for 10 years, even while such companion titles as "Tillie the Typist", "Nellie the Nurse" and even his own "Sherry the Showgirl" fell by the wayside.
The high-school series "Patsy Walker", also created or co-created by Atkinson in 1945, ran until 1967 and spun off three titles. More naturalistic than the slapsticky "Millie", it featured attractive but sedate art by Al Hartley, Al Jaffee, Morris Weiss and others. Given the tone and the target audience, "Patsy Walker" oddly included the legendary Harvey Kurtzman's bizarre "Hey Look!" one-pagers in several early issues. Patsy herself would be integrated into Marvel Universe continuity years later as the supernatural superheroine Hellcat.
No hellcats graced Atlas' funny animal books, but they did have cartoonist Ed Winiarski's trouble-prone "Buck Duck", Maneely's mentally suspect "Dippy Duck", and Howie Post's "The Monkey and the Bear". Buck and others saw life again briefly in the early 1970s, when Marvel published the five-issue reprint title "Li'l Pals" ("Fun-Filled Animal Antics!").
Miscellanea include the espionage title "Yellow Claw", with sumptuous Maneely, Severin, and Jack Kirby art; the Native American hero "Red Warrior", with art by Tom Gill; the Tom Corbett, Space Cadet-like "Space Squadron", written and drawn by future Marvel production executive Sol Brodsky; and "Sports Action", initially with true-life stories about the likes of George Gipp and Jackie Robinson, and later with fictional "Rugged Tales of Danger and Red-Hot Action!"
Staff artist Stan Goldberg recalled in 2005, "I was in the Bullpen with a lot of well-known artists who worked up there at that time. ... The guys ... who actually worked nine-to-five and put in a regular day, and not the freelance guys who'd come in a drop off their work ... were almost a hall of fame group of people. There was John Severin. Bill Everett. Carl Burgos. There was the all-time great Joe Maneely... We all worked together, all the colorists and correction guys, the letterers and artists. ... We had a great time".
Layoffs.
From 1952 to late 1956, Goodman distributed this torrent of comics to newsstands through his self-owned distributor, the Atlas News Company. He shut this down in 1956, and began newsstand distribution through American News Company, the nation's largest distributor and a virtual monopoly — which shortly afterward lost a Justice Department lawsuit and discontinued its business. As historian and author Gerard Jones explains, the company in 1956
The Atlas globe remained on the covers, however, until American News went out of business. With no other options, Goodman turned to the distributor Independent News, owned by rival DC Comics, which agreed to distribute him on constrained terms that allowed only eight titles per month. The last comic to bear the Atlas globe on the cover was the funny-animal comic "Dippy Duck" #1, and the first to bear the new "Ind." distributors' mark was "Patsy Walker" #73, both cover-dated October 1957.
Stan Lee, in a 1988 interview, recalled that Goodman:
During this retrenchment, according to a fabled industry story, Goodman discovered a closet-full of unused, but paid-for, art, leading him to have virtually the entire staff fired while he used up the inventory. In the interview noted above, Lee, one of the few able to give a firsthand account, told a seemingly self-contradictory version of the downsizing:
In a 2003 interview, Joe Sinnott, one of the company's top artists for more than 50 years, recalled Lee citing the inventory issue as a primary cause. "Stan called me and said, 'Joe, Martin Goodman told me to suspend operations because I have all this artwork in house and have to use it up before I can hire you again.' It turned out to be six months, in my case. He may have called back some of the other artists later, but that's what happened with me.
The two fantasy titles ("Strange Tales" and "World of Fantasy") clung on printing stored inventory material from late 1957 through late 1958.
Pre-superhero Marvel.
Goodman's men's magazines and paperback books were still successful — the comics, except in the early Golden Age, were a relatively small part of the business — and Goodman considered shutting the division down. The details of his decision not to do so are murky. Artist Jack Kirby — who after his amicable split with creative partner Joe Simon a few years earlier and after losing a lawsuit to a DC Comics editor was having difficulty finding sufficient work — recalled that in late 1958,
The interviewer, "The Comics Journal" publisher Gary Groth, later wrote of this interview in general, "Some of Kirby's more extreme statements ... should be taken with a grain of salt..." Lee, specifically asked about the office-closing anecdote, said, 
Kirby had previously returned, in late 1956, to freelance on five issues cover-dated December 1956 and February 1957, but did not stay. Now, beginning with the cover and the seven-page story "I Discovered the Secret of the Flying Saucers" for "Strange Worlds" #1 (Dec. 1958), Kirby returned for a 12-year run that would soon help revolutionize comics. While "it was sheer necessity" that led Kirby back to publisher Goodman, whom he had left acrimoniously in 1941, Kirby nonetheless helped elevate simple science-fiction and giant-monster stories with "a vital jab in the ribs by outlandish artistry. Soon his dynamic work began gracing countless covers and lead stories in the extant "Strange Tales" and the newly launched "Amazing Adventures", "Strange Worlds", "Tales of Suspense", "Tales to Astonish" and "World of Fantasy". "Offsetting the formulaic nature of the stories was a dash of invigorating absurdity," wrote one historian. "The tales had Kirby's energy and, courtesy of Lee, confessional, first-person titles typical of sensation-mongering tabloids and comics, such as, 'I Created Sporr, the ThingThat Could Not Die!'"
A Kirby science-fiction/monster story, usually inked by Christopher Rule initially, then by Dick Ayers following Rule's retirement, would generally open each book. This was followed by one or two twist-ending thrillers or sci-fi tales drawn by Don Heck, Paul Reinman, or Joe Sinnott, all capped by an often-surreal, sometimes self-reflexive Lee-Ditko short. Lee in 2009 described these "short, five-page filler strips that Steve and I did together", originally "placed in any of our comics that had a few extra pages to fill", as "odd fantasy tales that I'd dream up with O. Henry-type endings." Giving an early example of what would later be known as the "Marvel Method" of writer-artist collaboration, Lee said, "All I had to do was give Steve a one-line description of the plot and he'd be off and running. He'd take those skeleton outlines I had given him and turn them into classic little works of art that ended up being far cooler than I had any right to expect."
Don Heck, who worked as at Atlas staff artist from 1954 until the company's retrenchment in 1957 before returning the following year. recalled that the 1958 page rate "was around $20 per page to pencil and ink, I think comic-book publisher DC's average was $38. It didn't pick up until 1964-65, and even then it didn't go up all that much — a couple of bucks a page."
Although for several months in 1949 and 1950 Timely's titles bore a circular logo labeled "Marvel Comic", the first modern comic books so labeled were the science-fiction anthology "Journey into Mystery" #69 and the teen-humor title "Patsy Walker" #95 (both June 1961), which each showed an "MC" box on its cover. However, collectors routinely refer to the companies' comics from the April 1959 cover-dates onward (when they began featuring Jack Kirby artwork on his return to Goodman's company), as pre-superhero Marvel. Goodman would reuse the name Atlas for the next comics company he founded, in the 1970s.
Atlas titles by type.
Information from Atlas Tales and other references. Some titles may be arguably Timely at the earlier end, or Marvel at the later end. Note: In titles numbered from or into the various "All Winners Comics", additional clarifying information is supplied.
Misc..
Note: The romance title "Linda Carter, Student Nurse" #1-9 (Sept. 1961 - Jan. 1963), sometimes grouped together with Atlas Comics, chronologically falls within Marvel, and all covers have the "MC" box.

</doc>
<doc id="2908940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908940" title="Pyramid (disambiguation)">
Pyramid (disambiguation)

A pyramid is a structure with triangular lateral surfaces converging to an apex.
Pyramid and similar words (Pyramide, Pyramiden, etc.) may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2908945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908945" title="Zaid Abdul-Aziz">
Zaid Abdul-Aziz

Zaid Abdul-Aziz (born Donald A. Smith on April 7, 1946) is a retired American professional basketball player. Donald Smith changed his name to Zaid Abdul-Aziz in 1976. The 6'9" Abdul-Aziz starred at Iowa State University before being drafted by the NBA's Cincinnati Royals in 1968. He played ten seasons in the league as a member of the Royals, Milwaukee Bucks, Seattle SuperSonics, Houston Rockets, Buffalo Braves, and Boston Celtics. Nicknamed "The Kangaroo", he had his finest season in 1971–1972, when he averaged 13.8 points and 11.3 rebounds for Seattle. He retired in 1978 with career totals of 4,557 points and 4,065 rebounds.
In 2006, Zaid Abdul-Aziz published a memoir, "Darkness to Sunlight", which tells the stories of his basketball career, personal challenges and spiritual journey. Abdul-Aziz is now a drug and alcohol counselor in Seattle.

</doc>
<doc id="2908949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908949" title="Wang Lun">
Wang Lun

Wang Lun may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2908967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908967" title="Mo Mitchell">
Mo Mitchell

Mo Mitchell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2908975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908975" title="Dronfield Woodhouse">
Dronfield Woodhouse

Dronfield Woodhouse is a district of Dronfield, in North East Derbyshire, England. Its habitation has existed as early as the 11th century (Cowley Farm, to the south) and its main road features a 13th-century house and a 19th-century Primary School (now an elderly care home).
Although Dronfield Woodhouse today constitutes the western half of the town of Dronfield, until the early 1970s it was merely a small collection of houses and farm buildings amidst farmland and woodland. In the 1970s a large housing development was constructed in the adjacent Gosforth Valley, and this resulted in Dronfield Woodhouse becoming a district of Dronfield and a quiet dormitory settlement for nearby Sheffield and Chesterfield. The surrounding countryside is still readily accessible however, and the boundary of the Peak District National Park is less than 2 miles to the west. 

</doc>
<doc id="2908984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908984" title="Kyoko Ayana">
Kyoko Ayana

, born April 15, 1981 in Japan's Kanagawa Prefecture, is a Japanese AV Idol who debuted in 2001. According to Peter Payne, founder of the Japanese popular culture site, J-List, Ayana had "claimed Japan's top big breast idol spot."
Life and career.
There are two types of AV studios in Japan, the "pros" and the "indies." The "pro" companies work with Sof-Rin, the Japanese Software Morality Association. Sof-Rin sets rules and guidelines for what can be shown in AVs. According to Payne, the "indies" companies have greater freedom, and are able to get the best directors and produce a better product. Ayana has worked with a variety of companies, primarily with the "indies" such as Moodyz, but also with big labels Alice Japan, KUKI, Cosmos Plan and TMA.
Alice Japan (August - December 2001).
Ayana made her debut in the August 2001 Alice Japan video, "Tawawa". Ayana's December 2001 release, "Memory of Love", was directed by Akira Takatsuki. This documentary-style video dealt with Ayana's sex life as a high school girl.
KUKI (January - March 2002).
In January 2002, Ayana released the first of her three original AVs with Kuki Inc.. All three were directed by Hideto Aki. "I love to fuck girls for fun," says Kyoko Ayana. For her first video with the company, Ayana was chosen to star in the first entry in their "Big Breast Aliens" video series. 
"Illusion of F-cup", released in February, focused on breast fetishism. The third video, "Wet & Wild" (March 2002) had Ayana engaging in sex with actors at a hotel and "onsen". These three 60-minute VHS released were combined onto one DVD entitled "The Idol Kyoko Ayana" and released by KUKI in April 2002.
Cosmos Plan (April - December 2002).
Ayana's April 2002 debut for the Media Station Cosmos Plan label had her playing the titular role in the video "Waitress with Big Breasts". In May she starred in an entry in the company's "hardcore" "Fallen Angel" series. Her work in this video was combined with that of fellow AV idols Nao Oikawa, Kirari Koizumi, Kokoro Amano and Ryoko Mizusaki in the series' November 2002 omnibus release, "Fallen Angel Ｘ 2002DX". The following month she appeared with the award-winning AV idol, Ai Kurosawa, in the December omnibus release, "Big Breasts 240 minutes".
TMA (December 2003 - October 2004).
In December 2003, Ayana moved to the TMA company. Before starring in a video for TMA, she appeared in another omnibus video, "The Big and Extreme Breasts Premium II". The video again teamed Ayana with Ai Kurosawa. Fellow big-bust AV stars, Anna Ohura and Mai Haruna also appeared in this collection. Her starring debut for the company, "Big Breast Fetish Angle/Kyoko Ayana", was released the same month. Her second starring video for TMA had her working in the popular "cosplay" genre of AVs.

</doc>
<doc id="2908997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908997" title="Shunsuke Tsurumi">
Shunsuke Tsurumi

He was one of the first students of Willard Van Orman Quine.
Also thought as a litterature and philosophy historian, Tsurumi wrote several major books, available :
1/ Ideology and Literature in Japan from Shunsuke Tsurumi (1 janvier 1980)
2/ A Cultural History of Postwar Japan, 1945-1980 from Shunsuke Tsurumi (4 janvier 1987)
3/ An Intellectual History of Wartime Japan, 1931-1945 from Shunsuke Tsurumi (4 janvier 1986) 

</doc>
<doc id="2908998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908998" title="Saint Leo Abbey">
Saint Leo Abbey

Saint Leo Abbey is a Benedictine monastery located in Saint Leo, Florida, United States.
History.
Saint Leo Abbey, located in Pasco County, Florida, traces its beginnings to 1882 when Judge Edmund F. Dunne founded the Catholic Colony of San Antonio. Sent by Archabbot Boniface Wimmer, Father Gerard Pilz, O.S.B., arrived in 1886 as the first Benedictine in Florida. He was dispatched to Florida in response to a request by Bishop John Moore of St. Augustine for a German-speaking priest to minister to the growing German-immigrant population of the colony. Abbot Leo Haid of Saint Maryhelp Abbey in Belmont, North Carolina made the arrangements to establish Saint Leo College, now Saint Leo University. On June 4, 1889 both Saint Leo College and the Benedictine mission that would later become Saint Leo Abbey were founded on lands conveyed to the Order of Saint Benedict by Judge Dunne. Saint Leo became an independent priory in 1894 and was elevated to an abbey on September 25, 1902 by Leo IX.
In addition to providing priests for the churches of the Catholic Colony, the monks went on to establish Catholic parishes in not only nearby Dade City, but also Zephyrhills, New Port Richey, Brooksville Crystal River and Ocala, even as far north as Farmingdale, NY and as far as Cuba. In the early part of the 20th Century St. Leo's Benedictines monks could be found in churches and missions throughout the northern half of peninsular Florida. Saint Leo Abbey also sent missionaries to Argentina in the second half of the 20th century. St. Leo continued to supply priests for Catholic congregations throughout Pasco, Hernando and Citrus counties until the last decade of the 20th Century.
Abbot Francis Sadlier commissioned the abbey church to be built in 1935. The church was consecrated on January 29, 1948 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998 as part of the St Leo Abbey Historic District.
The sixth and current Abbot of Saint Leo is Isaac Camacho.
On January 7, 1998, the St. Leo Abbey Historic District was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. The district is in St. Leo, Florida on the campus on Saint Leo University, located at 33701 SR 52. It encompasses , and contains three historic buildings.
Abbots of Saint Leo.
The following individuals have served as Abbots of Saint Leo Abbey:
Further reading.
Horgan, James J. (1990). "Pioneer College: The Centennial History of Saint Leo College, Saint Leo Abbey, and Holy Name Priory". Saint Leo College Press. FL. ISBN 978-0-945759-01-0

</doc>
<doc id="2909007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909007" title="Centennial Bridge">
Centennial Bridge

Centennial Bridge may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2909012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909012" title="Fang Jie">
Fang Jie

Fang Jie is a fictional character in the "Water Margin", one of the Four Great Classical Novels of Chinese literature. Fang Jie is the nephew of the rebel leader, Fang La, one of the antagonists and enemy of the 108 Liangshan outlaws. He is best known for slaying Liangshan's Qin Ming in a duel with the help of Du Wei. He is one of the Five Tiger Generals of Fang La, the others being Shi Bao, Deng Yuanjue, Wang Yin, and Si Xingfang.
Biography.
Fang Jie is first mentioned by name in chapter 118, when Fang La is discussing with his subjects on how to deal with the incoming Liangshan forces. Fang Jie is the eldest grandson of Fang Hou, Fang La's uncle, making him a nephew of Fang La by blood relations. Fang Jie is eager to avenge his grandfather, who has been killed in battle by Liangshan's Lu Junyi, and he volunteers to lead the army to engage the enemy. A brave and fearsome warrior, he wields a "Sky Piercer" halberd in battle.
The Liangshan army led by Song Jiang, with Guan Sheng, Hua Rong, Qin Ming and Zhu Tong as the vanguard generals, arrive at Qingxi County, where they meet Fang La's army. Fang Jie rides forth to challenge the enemy, with Du Wei following him closely behind on foot. Qin Ming takes up Fang Jie's challenge. They fight for more than 30 rounds but neither emerges the victor. After seeing that Fang Jie is unable to overcome his opponent, Du Wei hurls his flying dagger at Qin Ming, but Qin manages to dodge the incoming projectile. However, Fang Jie uses the opportunity to spear Qin Ming and kill him.
Guan Sheng continues the fight with Fang Jie, followed by Hua Rong. After fighting for a while, Li Ying and Zhu Tong of Liangshan join in the duel. Fang Jie is unable to resist four opponents at the same time so he retreats. While he is retreating, Liangshan's Chai Jin and Yan Qing, who have been serving as undercover agents in Fang La's forces, suddenly reveal their true identities and kill Fang Jie with their combined efforts.

</doc>
<doc id="2909015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909015" title="Prime vertical">
Prime vertical

In astronomy and astrology, the prime vertical is the vertical circle passing east and west through the zenith, and intersecting the horizon in its east and west points.

</doc>
<doc id="2909029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909029" title="Janjero">
Janjero

Janjero may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="2909031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909031" title="The Journal of American History">
The Journal of American History

The Journal of American History is the official academic journal of the Organization of American Historians. It covers the field of American history and was established in 1914 as the "Mississippi Valley Historical Review", the official journal of the Mississippi Valley Historical Association. After the publication of its fiftieth volume, the recognition of a shift in the direction of the membership and its scholarship led to the name change in 1964.
The journal is headquartered in Bloomington, Indiana, where it has close ties to the History Department at Indiana University. It is published quarterly, in March, June, September, and December.

</doc>
<doc id="2909033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909033" title="Vingle">
Vingle

A vingle is a portmanteau of "video" and "single". The neologism refers to music videos that can be mixed by VJs in the same way that DJs mix regular music singles.
The word was coined by a group of VJs in London in late 2003, at the "This Is Clip Hop" party during ResFest organised by the audio-visual artist collective [http://www.0point1.com/parties/ "0.1". Vingles were subsequently seen in 0.1's launch party for Hewlett Packard's HyPe Gallery project..
An example vingle would be Hexstatic's "Timber" [http://www.ninjatune.net/videos/video.php?type=qt&id=10].
Apple Computer has applied for a trademark on the term [http://www.appleinsider.com/article.php?id=1321].

</doc>
<doc id="2909038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909038" title="Kélo, Chad">
Kélo, Chad

Kélo is a city in southwest Chad, its fifth largest city by population. It is also the capital of the department of Tandjile Ouest.

</doc>
<doc id="2909046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909046" title="Unstone">
Unstone

__NOTOC__
Unstone ( ) is a village in the English county of Derbyshire, situated in the North East Derbyshire administrative district approximately south east of Dronfield. It is also close to the town of Chesterfield. The River Drone and the Midland Main Line railway run through the village, which has a population of over 1,000.
Originally, it developed mainly as a commuter area for workers at Dronfield's numerous (now closed) coal mines.
The village has more than doubled in size over the past century. A modern housing estate, Unstone Green, was built at the other side of the railway line from the original village. The majority of the estate, which was built in the 1940s, was initially intended to be temporary housing for the many coal miners in the area, but it is still intact today.
Originally on the A61 trunk road, the village is now bypassed by the Unstone-Dronfield Bypass dual carriageway.
The village has two schools: Unstone St Mary's Infant School, on Crow Lane, and Unstone Junior School, on Main Road. 
There is a parish council and the Grange.[http://www.unstonegrange.co.uk
There is bus service to Chesterfield, Sheffield and Holmesfield.
The village used to be served by the now-closed Unstone railway station.
Landmarks are a TV transmitter and a railway viaduct.

</doc>
<doc id="2909049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909049" title="AV idol">
AV idol

An AV idol (adult video idol; ) is a Japanese idol who works in the pornographic business, often both as an actress as well as a model as the video performances have a wide range, from just the idol strolling around their house doing chores in bikinis to hardcore porn. Since the dawn of the AV industry in the early 1980s, hundreds of AV idols have debuted every year, with an average career span of about a year, appearing in five or ten videos during that time. Notable AV idols have careers spanning several years, have a high general public recognition, or make a significant impact on the industry in some other manner.
AV industry in Japan.
The line between "adult" and "family" entertainment in Japan is not as clear-cut as it is in some other countries. A celebrity may appear in AVs after already having established a career in mainstream television. Also, it is not rare for a popular AV actress to go on to mainstream celebrity. Fornander reports that "a background in porn is not necessarily a skeleton in the cupboard anymore. In some cases, it’s a career move."
The AV, or "Adult Video" market is a major industry in Japan, reportedly worth about ¥400 billion ($4 billion) per year. In 1992, it was reported that over 11 AVs were being made every day by over 70 production companies in Tokyo alone. The AV market was estimated to make up about 30 percent of Japan's video rentals. It was estimated in 1994 that, between legal and illegal videos, around 14,000 AVs a year were being made in the country, in contrast to about 2,500 in the United States. In an English language interview in 2011, AV idol Azusa Maki estimated that as many as 10,000 girls attempt to get into the Japanese AV industry each year.
AV actress.
AV performers were often struggling actresses who could not find work in the theatrical Roman Porno films and girls from the soaplands. AV star Kaoru Kuroki has been credited with raising the status of AV idols in the public's eye. According to Rosemary Iwamura, "she didn't seem to be making videos because of a lack of options but rather as an informed choice."
AV actresses are usually recruited by scouts in Tokyo neighborhoods such as Roppongi, Shinjuku and Shibuya. These scouts are affiliated with talent agencies who then hire the actresses to the AV production companies. Some women wishing to appear in AVs apply to the production companies, but they are usually referred to the talent agencies. The production companies are typically charged ¥1.5 million (US$15,000) or more for an actress to appear in a video. AV actresses make between ¥200,000 and 4 million yen per video. Steve Scott, president of Third World Media, an importer of Japanese adult movies to the United States, estimated a top-tier AV star could make up to nearly ¥36 million for an eight picture deal.
AV fans are invited to follow the progress of a prominent AV actress' career over several video appearances. In her AV debut video, the actress is introduced as a "new face," and her inexperience is played up in interviews preceding the modeling and sex scenes. Following this debut video, the AV audience follows the actress' journey through sexual awakening, and her eventual specialization, after about five AV appearances, in a specific genre such as lesbianism or SM. Once the actress has established herself as a mature AV star, she has the options of continuing into some of the more outrageous AV genres, retiring, or, sometimes, re-emerging under a new name as a "new face."
Types of AV idols.
Bornoff identifies some Japanese AV stereotypes as, "the prim Office Lady, the virgin-next-door, the randy farm girl, the leotarded aerobics enthusiast, the sexy predator in the hot-spring resort and, last but not least, the self-assertive slut who is put in her place by being gang-banged on the floor of the cutting room." Also, noted AV director "Tarzan" Yagi says that a successful AV actress should fit into an easily-identifiable type which, "can be identified at a glance, making it easier for viewers to recognize the type they prefer." Yagi mentions, "the 'slender' type, 'Lolita' type, 'buxom' type and so on."
Some major AV types include:
Busty ("Bakunyū").
While a few early AV idols such as Kyoko Nakamura and Eri Kikuchi made their careers off their large busts, Noriyuki Adachi singles Kimiko Matsuzaka's 1989 debut as the point at which the "Big Bust Boom" (巨乳ブーム - "Kyonyu Boom") was set on fire. In the years following Matsuzaka's debut, the AV world was never without another major big-bust AV idol, including Hitomi Tanaka, Miki Sawaguchi, Mariko Morikawa, Rin Aoki, and Anna Ohura. By the mid-1990s, the Big Bust genre had become a staple of the AV industry.
Mature ("Jukujo").
The vast majority of AV actresses make their debuts in their late teens. However, in the mid-1990s, a trend for "mature women" models in AVs became evident. While youthful debuts would still remain the norm, this broadening in tastes would pave the way for the debuts of future "mature" AV stars like Aki Tomosaki in 2000, Asuka Yūki in 2005 and Maki Tomoda in 2006, all of whom had passed their 30th birthdays at the time of their debuts. These older actresses became popular in AVs with an incest theme.
Notable AV idols.
Of the literally hundreds of women who make AV debuts in Japan yearly, this is a list of a few AV idols who are notable for reasons such as a making a major impact on the industry, for their high public visibility, or for their extraordinarily long careers.

</doc>
<doc id="2909050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909050" title="General Service Code">
General Service Code

General Service Code is a code that was used during the American Civil War. The code uses one flag or two torches. 
The flags come in three color schemes: a red square in the middle of a white background, white on black, or black on white. The flag that is used at any time depends on the visibility.
The flags come in three sizes: two feet by two feet, four by four, and six by six. The 2x2 flags are used in battle to send messages back to headquarters and to send back commands, sometimes by more than one signaler. The 4x4 flags are used for almost everything else. The 6x6 flags are for sending messages that can't wait until night so they could use the torches. These flags are so heavy that no one really wanted to use them.
One torch is put on a pole and waved around and is called the action torch. The other was stuck on a stake and called the foot torch. The purpose of the foot torch is to decipher if the message is meant for you or for the guy on the other side of the sender.
The torches run on turpentine. Turpentine is used in the torches because it burns brighter than kerosene. People don't use turpentine in lamps because it is far too volatile to be used in that manner.
The code uses three positions. Position one is to the left. Position two is to the right. Position three is forward. The following is the code and shortcuts.
]==References==
Richard Dees of the Idaho Civil War Volunteers. He is one of the communications officers.

</doc>
<doc id="2909058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909058" title="Rice Memorial High School">
Rice Memorial High School

Rice Memorial High School is a coeducational Roman Catholic secondary school in South Burlington, Vermont. It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Burlington. It serves students throughout Northern and Central Vermont. The new school and buildings were named for Bishop Joseph Rice who had established Cathedral High School in 1917. 
The goal of Rice Memorial is to provide a challenging program that emphasizes academic excellence as well as personal and spiritual growth. Rice tries to encourage students to become a constructive member of society. The school's mission is to educate the whole person (mind, body, and soul).
Tuition, excluding certain fees such as $150 registration fee, is $8,495 annually (for the 2012-2013 school year) and $8,690 annually (for the 2013-2014 school year).
History.
It was opened on February 1, 1959 by Bishop Joyce. Previous to this the school was known as Cathedral High School, which had been founded in 1917, and was located in Burlington, Vermont. Rice Memorial High School was built to replace the decaying building of Cathedral High School. On the day it became Rice Memorial High School, 900 students marched from the old Cathedral High School to the new high school.
The school equally recognizes the graduates of both schools, Cathedral/Rice, as a "joint" alumni.
Boys' basketball had a 54-6 record from the fall season of 2007 through January 2009. It's only losses were to Burlington High School. Burlington's only loss since the 2007 season had been to Rice, in the 2009 State Championship They played Burlington High School in consecutive seasons, 2007-2009, for the Vermont State Division I championship's, winning in 2007 and 2009.
In 2009, probable arson caused damage to the gymnasium.
Academic.
The school is accredited by the New England Association of Schools and Colleges.
Students.
The student body has approximately 400 students, approximately 2/3 of whom are Catholic. Twenty one courses are offered in the Honors and Advanced Placement programs. In 2006, 64% of students scored 3 or higher on Advanced Placement exams. The average SAT score is 1799. 96% of students are accepted into four-year colleges.
Faculty.
The average faculty member has 17 years experience, and 68% of the faculty have advanced degrees.
Athletics.
About 80% of the students participate in interscholastic athletics. There are 32 athletic teams that compete in 17 different sports.
The school's prime rival is cross-town Burlington High School.
Rice Memorial's mascot is the Green Knight. It replaced the "Little Indian" within a few years of Champlain Valley Union High School switching from Crusaders to Redhawks. Wags at the time suggested that Rice could take over "Crusaders" (inappropriate for a public school but not a Catholic one) from CVU, leaving the need for only one new team name.
The school's colors are Forest Green and White.
Recognition.
State Championships:

</doc>
<doc id="2909060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909060" title="Lloyd Rees">
Lloyd Rees

Lloyd Frederic Rees AC CMG (17 March 18952 December 1988) was an Australian landscape painter who twice won the Wynne Prize for his landscape paintings. 
Most of Rees's works are preoccupied with depicting the effects of light and emphasis is placed on the harmony between man and nature. Rees's oeuvre is dominated by sketches and paintings, in which the most frequent subject is the built environment in the landscape.
Life and training.
Rees was born in Brisbane, Queensland, the seventh of eight children of Owen Rees and his wife Angèle Burguez, who was half Mauritian, half Cornish. After formal art training at Brisbane's Central Technical College, he commenced work as a commercial artist in 1917. 
Rees was engaged to sculptor Daphne Mayo, but it was broken off in 1925. He married Dulcie Metcalf in 1926. In 1927 Dulcie died in childbirth and Rees married again, in 1931, to Marjory Pollard, mother to his son Alan. Rees' wife died on 14 April 1988 and he died on 2 December of the same year.
Following Rees's death, Alan Rees and his wife Jancis gave to the Art Gallery of NSW all of Rees's surviving sketchbooks.
Europe.
Rees first travelled to Europe in the 1920s (to meet with his then fiancée Daphne Mayo) and made sketches, including many of Paris, which were left accidentally on a bus in London at that time. While some of his works - and indeed his betrothal to Mayo - were lost, his connection with the landscapes of town and country France and Italy was to last a lifetime. Rees visited Europe again in 1953, 1959, 1966–67 and 1973, painting and sketching on all of his journeys.
The sketchbooks are now held by the Art Gallery of NSW, comprising approximately 700 images in pencil, carbon pencil, wash, watercolour and ballpoint pen. They reveal a capacity to characterise the texture and light of landscapes in these brief media - concerns that are equally evident in his paintings throughout his career.
Late works.
Rees painted right up to his death, by which time he was in his nineties. His works of the last one to two decades in particular showed a preoccupation with the spiritual dimension of the relationship with and portrayal of the landscape, and this became the focus of the final book prepared in cooperation with the author Renée Free: "Lloyd Rees: the last twenty years". His late works show an abstraction of form and a focus on the source and effects of light on the landscape, such as in his work "The Sunlit Tower", painted when he was 91 years old, and winner of the Jack Manton Prize for 1987 (a prize awarded by the Queensland Art Gallery). He claimed that one of the benefits of his failing eyesight in his old age was that he could look directly at the sun.
Rees's own philosophical views he expressed in the Epilogue to their book:
From quite an early age I was overwhelmed with the fact of endlessness... Planetary systems can blow up, but the universe is endless, and our little life is set in the midst of this, and everything in it has a beginning and an end... gives to life a sense of mystery that is always with me.
Honours.
Rees won the Wynne Prize in 1950 and 1982. He also won the Commonwealth Jubilee Art Prize in 1957 and the McCaughey Prize in 1971.
Rees was appointed a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George (CMG) in 1978 and Australia's highest civilian honour, Companion of the Order of Australia (AC) in 1985. 
He was awarded the Medaille de la Ville de Paris in 1987 in honour of his artistic achievements.
For forty years, from 1946 to 1986, Rees taught art with Sydney University's Faculty of Architecture and in 1988 received the Sydney University Union Medal for his contributions to art and the University. In the same year he was named as one of the Australian Bicentennial Authority's "Two hundred people who made Australia great".

</doc>
<doc id="2909069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909069" title="Croce">
Croce

Croce may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2909070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909070" title="Hot Shit!">
Hot Shit!

Hot Shit is the fifth album by the Portland indie rock duo Quasi, released on September 9, 2003 on the Touch & Go label. Early copies as well as the European edition released by Domino Records include a bonus CD entitled "Live Shit".
Track Listing "Live Shit" bonus CD.
This CD was included in early copies of the American Touch and Go Records release as well as (so far) all copies of the European Domino Records release.
Credits/Additional Musicians.
"Sunshine Sounds" and "White Devil's Dream" written by Janet Weiss and Sam Coomes. All other songs written by Sam Coomes. Brent Arnold played cello and Ollie Glatzen played viola on "Drunken Tears," "Good Times," and "Lullaby pt. 2." Brent Arnold arranged the strings on these songs. All other instruments played by Quasi. Produced by Quasi at Nugget Brain and the The Devil's Workshop in Portland

</doc>
<doc id="2909076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909076" title="August Mencken, Jr.">
August Mencken, Jr.

August Mencken (February 18, 1889 – May 19, 1967) was an American civil engineer and author. He was the younger brother of Henry Louis Mencken, and the son of cigar magnate August Mencken, Sr.

</doc>
<doc id="2909078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909078" title="Batha Est">
Batha Est

Batha Est (or Batha East) is one of the three departments which make up the Batha Region in Chad. The capital is Oum Hadjer.
Batha Est is divided into four sub-prefectures:

</doc>
<doc id="2909091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909091" title="Italian poetry">
Italian poetry

Italian poetry is a category of Italian literature.

</doc>
<doc id="2909104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909104" title="Amargosa Pupfish Station">
Amargosa Pupfish Station

The Amargosa Pupfish Station is a protected pupfish ("Cyprinodon") wildlife refuge, part of the Desert National Wildlife Refuge Complex, is administered by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and located northwest of Las Vegas, Nevada in Nye County.
Description.
The Amargosa Pupfish Station wildlife refuge is located in the Ash Meadows National Wildlife Refuge in the Amargosa Desert of the Amargosa Valley in Nye County, Nevada and Inyo County, California.
The Amargosa Pupfish Station refuge is contained within the larger Desert National Wildlife Refuge Complex, which along with the Ash Meadows National Wildlife Refuge, also includes the Desert National Wildlife Refuge, Moapa Valley National Wildlife Refuge, and the Pahranagat National Wildlife Refuge, all managed by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service.
History.
The refuge was established to provide habitat for the endangered Devils Hole pupfish ("Cyprinodon diabolis"). In general, all surviving local "Cyprinodon" species and subspecies (pupfish) are on the IUCN Red List - endangered species, but the Devils Hole pupfish may have one of the most restricted habitats on the planet.
Another pool was later created near Hoover Dam in Nevada to provide additional support.
While the original pupfish habitat (Devils Hole) is located within the refuge, it is administered by the National Park Service as part of Death Valley National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="2909106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909106" title="Pimelic acid">
Pimelic acid

Pimelic acid is the organic compound with the formula HO2C(CH2)5CO2H. Derivatives of pimelic acid are involved in the biosynthesis of the amino acid called lysine. Pimelic acid is one unit longer than a related dicarboxylic acid, adipic acid, a precursor to many polyesters and polyamides. It is the final member of the mnemonic used to aid recollection of the order of the first six dicarboxylic acids using their common (not IUPAC) nomenclature: Dicarboxylic acid
Pimelic acid has been synthesized from cyclohexanone and from salicylic acid. In the former route, the additional carbon is supplied by dimethyloxalate, which reacts with the enolate.

</doc>
<doc id="2909107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909107" title="Batha Ouest">
Batha Ouest

Batha Ouest or Batha West is one of the three departments which make up the region of Batha in Chad. The capital is Ati.
Batha Ouest is divided into three sub-prefectures:

</doc>
<doc id="2909112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909112" title="Vicki Draves">
Vicki Draves

Victoria "Vicki" Manalo Draves (December 31, 1924 – April 11, 2010) was an Olympic diver who won gold medals for the United States in both platform and springboard diving in the 1948 Summer Olympics in London. Draves became the first woman to be awarded gold medals for both the ten-meter platform and the three-meter springboard. She was born in San Francisco.
Victoria Manalo was born to a Filipino father and an English mother. Her parents met and married in San Francisco. She couldn't afford to take swimming lessons until she was 10 years old and took summer swimming lessons from the Red Cross, paying five cents admission to a pool in the Mission district.
Manalo met diving coach Phil Patterson, who convinced Draves to try her luck as a diver and she was a natural. She graduated from high school in 1942 and took a temporary civil service job in the port surgeon's office to add to the family’s meager income. With Patterson in the military during World War II, Victoria looked for a diving coach and found her future husband, Lyle Draves, whom she married in 1946.
Prior to competing in the 1948 Olympics, Draves won five United States diving championships. Draves turned professional after the Olympics, joining Larry Crosby's "Rhapsody in Swimtime" aquatic show at Soldier Field in Chicago in 1948. She went on to appear in other shows and toured the U.S. and Europe with Buster Crabbe's "Aqua Parade." She was elected to the International Swimming Hall of Fame in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, in 1969.
In October 2006, a two-acre park in San Francisco was named Victoria Manalo Draves Park in her honor. Draves and her husband lived in Palm Springs, California until her death on April 11, 2010, aged 85, from pancreatic cancer aggravated by pneumonia. She was interred at Forest Lawn Cemetery in Cathedral City, California.

</doc>
<doc id="2909113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909113" title="Natural gum">
Natural gum

Natural gums are polysaccharides of natural origin, capable of causing a large increase in a solution’s viscosity, even at small concentrations. In the food industry they are used as thickening agents, gelling agents, emulsifying agents, and stabilizers. In other industries, they are also used as adhesives, binding agents, crystan inhibitors, clarifying agents, encapsulating agents, flocculating agents, swelling agents, foam stabilizers, etc. Most often these gums are found in the woody elements of plants or in seed coatings. 
Natural gums can be classified according to their origin. They can also be classified as uncharged or ionic polymers (polyelectrolytes). Examples include (E number food additive code):

</doc>
<doc id="2909116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909116" title="Tic disorder">
Tic disorder

Tic disorders are defined in the "Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders" (DSM) based on type (motor or phonic) and duration of tics (sudden, rapid, nonrhythmic movements). Tic disorders are defined similarly by the World Health Organization (ICD-10 codes).
Classification.
ICD-10.
ICD10 diagnosis codes are:
DSM-IV-TR.
In the fourth revision of the DSM (DSM-IV-TR), tic disorders were classified as follows:
From DSM-IV-TR to DSM-5.
DSM-5 was published in 2013, updating DSM-IV-TR, which was published in 2000. The following changes were made: 
DSM-5.
The fifth revision of the "Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders" (DSM-5), published in May 2013, classifies Tourette's and tic disorders as motor disorders listed in the neurodevelopmental disorder category. 
Tic disorders, in order of severity, are:
Diagnosis.
Tics should be distinguished from other causes of tourettism, stereotypies, chorea, dyskinesias, myoclonus, and obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Treatment.
Treatment of tic disorders, although not usually necessary, is similar to treatment of Tourette syndrome.
Epidemiology.
Tic disorders are more common among males than females.
A large, community-based study suggested that over 19% of school-age children have tic disorders; the children with tic disorders in that study were usually undiagnosed.
As many as 1 in 100 people may experience some form of tic disorder, usually before the onset of puberty. Tourette syndrome is the more severe expression of a spectrum of tic disorders, which are thought to be due to the same genetic vulnerability. Nevertheless, most cases of Tourette syndrome are not severe. Although a significant amount of investigative work indicates genetic linkage of the various tic disorders, further study is needed to confirm the relationship.

</doc>
<doc id="2909124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909124" title="Boualem Bensaïd">
Boualem Bensaïd

Boualem Bensaïd () (born in Algiers) is an Algerian member of GIA, an Islamic terrorist organization. He has been accused of an attempted bombing during the 1995 terror campaign in France.
Born in Algeria in 1967, a sport teacher, he entered clandestinity around 1990. He went back to France in 1994, as Algeria was in full-scale civil war. In 1999, he was sentenced to 10 years of prison on charges of ""association de malfaiteurs"".
On 27 November 2003 he was sentenced in appeal to life detention, with a 22-year "safety sentence" (which prevents the detainee from being liberated for good conduct), on charges of having attempted to bomb the TGV Lyon-Paris on 26 August 1995. At the sentence, he exclaimed "God is great! Allah akbar! ("God is great!" in Arabic), it is a miserable decision!". The appeal court thus confirmed the judgement given by the First Special Criminal Court.
A prisoner since his arrest in 1995, Bensaïd is serving two more sentences of 10 years and 30 years for other charges related to the terrorist attacks of 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="2909127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909127" title="Romanesque art">
Romanesque art

Romanesque art refers to the art of Europe from approximately 1000 AD to the rise of the Gothic style in the 13th century, or later, depending on region. The preceding period is increasingly known as the Pre-Romanesque. The term was invented by 19th-century art historians, especially for Romanesque architecture, which retained many basic features of Roman architectural style – most notably round-headed arches, but also barrel vaults, apses, and acanthus-leaf decoration – but had also developed many very different characteristics. In Southern France, Spain and Italy there was an architectural continuity with the Late Antique, but the Romanesque style was the first style to spread across the whole of Catholic Europe, from Scandinavia to Sicily. Romanesque art was also greatly influenced by Byzantine art, especially in painting, and by the anti-classical energy of the decoration of the Insular art of the British Isles, and from these elements forged a highly innovative and coherent style.
Characteristics.
Outside Romanesque architecture, the art of the period was characterised by a very vigorous style in both sculpture and painting. The latter continued to follow essentially Byzantine iconographic models for the most common subjects in churches, which remained Christ in Majesty, the Last Judgement and scenes from the Life of Christ. In illuminated manuscripts, where the most lavishly decorated manuscripts of the period were mostly bibles or psalters, more originality is seen, as new scenes needed to be depicted. The same applied to the capitals of columns, never more exciting than in this period, when they were often carved with complete scenes with several figures. The large wooden crucifix was a German innovation right at the start of the period, as were free-standing statues of the enthroned Madonna, but the high relief was above all the sculptural mode of the period. 
Colours, now remaining bright only in stained glass and well-preserved manuscripts, tended to be very striking, and mostly primary. It was in this period that stained glass became widely used, although survivals are sadly few. In an invention of the period, the tympanums of important church portals were carved with monumental schemes, often again "Christ in Majesty" or the "Last Judgement", but treated with more freedom than painted versions, as there were no equivalent Byzantine models.
Compositions usually had little depth, and needed to be flexible to squeeze themselves into the shapes of historiated initials, column capitals, and church typanums; the tension between a tightly enclosing frame, from which the composition sometimes escapes, is a recurrent theme in Romanesque art. Figures still often varied in size in relation to their importance, and landscape backgrounds, if attempted at all, were closer to abstract decorations than realism - as in the trees in the "Morgan Leaf". Portraiture hardly existed.
Background.
The period saw Europe grow steadily more prosperous, and art of the highest quality was no longer confined, as it largely was in the Carolingian and Ottonian periods, to the royal court and a small circle of monasteries. Monasteries remained extremely important, especially those of the expansionist new orders of the period, the Cistercian, Cluniac, and Carthusian, which spread across Europe. But city churches, those on pilgrimage routes, and many churches in small towns and villages were elaborately decorated to a very high standard - indeed it is often these that have survived, when cathedrals and city churches have been rebuilt, and no Romanesque royal palace has really survived.
The lay artist was becoming a valued figure – Nicholas of Verdun seems to have been known across the continent. Most masons and goldsmiths were now lay, and lay painters like Master Hugo seem to have been in the majority, at least of those doing the best work, by the end of the period. The iconography of their church work was no doubt arrived at in consultation with clerical advisors.
Sculpture.
Metalwork, enamels, and ivories.
Precious objects in these media had a very high status in the period, probably much more so than paintings — we know the names of more makers of these than painters, illuminators or architect-masons. Metalwork, including decoration in enamel, became very sophisticated, and many spectacular shrines made to hold relics have survived, of which the best known is the Shrine of the Three Kings at Cologne Cathedral by Nicholas of Verdun and others ("ca" 1180–1225). The Stavelot Triptych and Reliquary of St. Maurus are other examples of Mosan enamelwork. Large reliquaries and altar frontals were built around a wooden frame, but smaller caskets were all metal and enamel. A few secular pieces, such as mirror cases, jewellery and clasps have survived, but these no doubt under-represent the amount of fine metalwork owned by the nobility.
The bronze Gloucester candlestick and the brass font of 1108–17 now in Liège are superb examples, very different in style, of metal casting, the former highly intricate and energetic, drawing on manuscript painting, while the font shows the Mosan style at its most classical and majestic. The bronze doors, a triumphal column and other fittings at Hildesheim Cathedral, the Gniezno Doors, and the doors of the Basilica di San Zeno in Verona are other substantial survivals. The aquamanile, a container for water to wash with, appears to have been introduced to Europe in the 11th century, and often took fantastic zoomorphic forms; surviving examples are mostly in brass. Many wax impressions from impressive seals survive on charters and documents, although Romanesque coins are generally not of great aesthetic interest.
The Cloisters Cross is an unusually large ivory cruxifix, with complex carving including many figures of prophets and others, which has been attributed to one of the relatively few artists whose name is known, Master Hugo, who also illuminated manuscripts. Like many pieces it was originally partly coloured. The Lewis chessmen are well-preserved examples of small ivories, of which many pieces or fragments remain from croziers, plaques, pectoral crosses and similar objects.
Architectural sculpture.
With the fall of the Roman Empire, the tradition of carving large works in stone and sculpting figures in bronze died out, as it effectively did (for religious reasons) in the Byzantine world. Some life-size sculpture was evidently done in stucco or plaster, but surviving examples are understandably rare. The best-known surviving large sculptural work of Proto-Romanesque Europe is the life-size wooden Crucifix commissioned by Archbishop Gero of Cologne in about 960–65, apparently the prototype of what became a popular form. These were later set up on a beam below the chancel arch, known in English as a rood, from the twelfth century accompanied by figures of the Virgin mary and John the Evangelist to the sides. During the 11th and 12th centuries, figurative sculpture flourished.
Sources and style.
Figurative sculpture was based on two other sources in particular, manuscript illumination and small-scale sculpture in ivory and metal. The extensive friezes sculpted on Armenian and Syriac churches have been proposed as another likely influence. These sources together produced a distinct style which can be recognised across Europe, although the most spectacular sculptural projects are concentrated in South-Western France, Northern Spain and Italy.
Images that occurred in metalwork were frequently embossed. The resultant surface had two main planes and details that were usually incised. This treatment was adapted to stone carving and is seen particularly in the tympanum above the portal, where the imagery of Christ in Majesty with the symbols of the Four Evangelists is drawn directly from the gilt covers of medieval Gospel Books. This style of doorway occurs in many places and continued into the Gothic period. A rare survival in England is that of the "Prior's Door" at Ely Cathedral. In South-Western France, many have survived, with impressive examples at Saint-Pierre, Moissac, Souillac, and La Madaleine, Vézelay – all daughter houses of Cluny, with extensive other sculpture remaining in cloisters and other buildings. Nearby, Autun Cathedral has a Last Judgement of great rarity in that it has uniquely been signed by its creator, Giselbertus.
A feature of the figures in manuscript illumination is that they often occupy confined spaces and are contorted to fit. The custom of artists to make the figure fit the available space lent itself to a facility in designing figures to ornament door posts and lintels and other such architectural surfaces. The robes of painted figures were commonly treated in a flat and decorative style that bore little resemblance to the weight and fall of actual cloth. This feature was also adapted for sculpture. Among the many examples that exist, one of the finest is the figure of the Prophet Jeremiah from the pillar of the portal of the Abbey of Saint-Pierre, Moissac, France, from about 1130.
One of the most significant motifs of Romanesque design, occurring in both figurative and non-figurative sculpture is the spiral. One of the sources may be Ionic capitals. Scrolling vines were a common motif of both Byzantine and Roman design, and may be seen in mosaic on the vaults of the 4th century Church of Santa Costanza, Rome. Manuscripts and architectural carvings of the 12th century have very similar scrolling vine motifs.
Another source of the spiral is clearly the illuminated manuscripts of the 7th to 9th centuries, particularly Irish manuscripts such as the St. Gall Gospel Book, spread into Europe by the Hiberno-Scottish mission. In these illuminations the use of the spiral has nothing to do with vines or other plant forms. The motif is abstract and mathematical. The style was then picked up in Carolingian art and given a more botanical character. It is in an adaptation of this form that the spiral occurs in the draperies of both sculpture and stained glass windows. Of all the many examples that occur on Romanesque portals, one of the most outstanding is that of the central figure of Christ at La Madaleine, Vezelay.
Another influence from Insular art are engaged and entwined animals, often used to superb effect in capitals (as at Silos) and sometimes on a column itself (as at Moissac). Much of the treatment of paired, confronted and entwined animals in Romanesque decoration has similar Insular origins, as do animals whose bodies tail into purely decorative shapes. (Despite the adoption of Hiberno-Saxon traditions into Romanesque styles in England and on the continent, the influence was primarily one-way. Irish art during this period remained isolated, developing a unique amalgam of native Irish and Viking styles which would be slowly extinguished and replaced by mainstream Romanesque style in the early 13th century following the Anglo-Norman invasion of Ireland.)
Subject matter.
Most Romanesque sculpture is pictorial and Biblical in subject. A great variety of themes are found on capitals and include scenes of Creation and the Fall of Man, episodes from the life of Christ and those Old Testament scenes which prefigure his Death and Resurrection, such as Jonah and the Whale and Daniel in the Lions' Den. Many Nativity scenes occur, the theme of the Three Kings being particularly popular. The cloisters of Santo Domingo de Silos Abbey in Northern Spain, and Moissac are fine examples surviving complete.
A feature of some Romanesque churches is the extensive sculptural scheme which covers the area surrounding the portal or, in some case, much of the facade. Angouleme Cathedral in France has a highly elaborate scheme of sculpture set within the broad niches created by the arcading of the facade. In Catalonia, an elaborate pictorial scheme in low relief surrounds the door of the church of Santa Maria at Ripoll.
The purpose of the sculptural schemes was to convey a message that the Christian believer should recognize wrongdoing, repent and be redeemed. The Last Judgement reminds the believer to repent. The carved or painted Crucifix, displayed prominently within the church, reminds the sinner of redemption.
Often the sculpture is alarming in form and in subject matter. These works are found on capitals, corbels and bosses, or entwined in the foliage on door mouldings. They represent forms that are not easily recognizable today. Common motifs include Sheela na Gig, fearsome demons, ouroboros or dragons swallowing their tails, and many other mythical creatures with obscure meaning. Spirals and paired motifs originally had special significance in oral tradition that has been lost or rejected by modern scholars.
The Seven Deadly Sins including lust, gluttony and avarice are also frequently represented. The appearance of many figures with oversized genitals can be equated with carnal sin, and so can the numerous figures shown with protruding tongues, which are a feature of the doorway of Lincoln Cathedral. Pulling one's beard was a symbol of masturbation, and pulling one's mouth wide open was also a sign of lewdity. A common theme found on capitals of this period is a tongue poker or beard stroker being beaten by his wife or seized by demons. Demons fighting over the soul of a wrongdoer such as a miser is another popular subject.
Late Romanesque sculpture.
Gothic architecture is usually considered to begin with the design of the choir at the Abbey of Saint-Denis, north of Paris, by the Abbot Suger, consecrated 1144. The beginning of Gothic sculpture is usually dated a little later, with the carving of the figures around the Royal Portal at Chartres Cathedral, France, 1150–55. The style of sculpture spread rapidly from Chartres, overtaking the new Gothic architecture. In fact, many churches of the late Romanesque period post-date the building at Saint-Denis. The sculptural style based more upon observation and naturalism than on formalised design developed rapidly. It is thought that one reason for the rapid development of naturalistic form was a growing awareness of Classical remains in places where they were most numerous and a deliberate imitation of their style. The consequence is that there are doorways which are Romanesque in form, and yet show a naturalism associated with Early Gothic sculpture.
One of these is the "Pórtico da Gloria" dating from 1180, at Santiago de Compostela. This portal is internal and is particularly well preserved, even retaining colour on the figures and indicating the gaudy appearance of much architectural decoration which is now perceived as monochrome. Around the doorway are figures who are integrated with the colonnettes that make the mouldings of the doors. They are three-dimensional, but slightly flattened. They are highly individualised, not only in appearance but also expression and bear quite strong resemblance to those around the north porch of the Abbey of St. Denis, dating from 1170. Beneath the tympanum there is a realistically carved row of figures playing a range of different and easily identifiable musical instruments.
Painting.
Manuscript illumination.
A number of regional schools converged in the early Romanesque illuminated manuscript: the "Channel school" of England and Northern France was heavily influenced by late Anglo-Saxon art, whereas in Southern France the style depended more on Iberian influence, and in Germany and the Low Countries, Ottonian styles continued to develop, and also, along with Byzantine styles, influenced Italy. By the 12th century there had been reciprocal influences between all these, although naturally regional distinctiveness remained.
The typical "focii" of Romanesque illumination were the Bible, where each book could be prefaced by a large historiated initial, and the Psalter, where major initials were similarly illuminated. In both cases more lavish examples might have cycles of scenes in fully illuminated pages, sometimes with several scenes per page, in compartments. The Bibles in particular often had a very large page size, and might be bound into more than one volume. Examples include the St. Albans Psalter, Hunterian Psalter, Winchester Bible (the "Morgan Leaf" shown above), Fécamp Bible, Stavelot Bible, and Parc Abbey Bible. By the end of the period lay commercial workshops of artists and scribes were becoming significant, and illumination, and books generally, became more widely available to both laity and clergy.
Wall painting.
The large wall surfaces and plain, curving vaults of the Romanesque period lent themselves to mural decoration. Unfortunately, many of these early wall paintings have been destroyed by damp or the walls have been replastered and painted over. In England, France and the Netherlands such pictures were systematically destroyed or whitewashed in bouts of Reformation iconoclasm. In Denmark and elsewhere many have since been restored. In other countries they have suffered from war, neglect and changing fashion. 
A classic scheme for the full painted decoration of a church, derived from earlier examples often in mosaic, had, as its focal point in the semi-dome of the apse, Christ in Majesty or Christ the Redeemer enthroned within a mandorla and framed by the four winged beasts, symbols of the Four Evangelists, comparing directly with examples from the gilt covers or the illuminations of Gospel Books of the period. If the Virgin Mary was the dedicatee of the church, she might replace Christ here. On the apse walls below would be saints and apostles, perhaps including narrative scenes, for example of the saint to whom the church was dedicated. On the sanctuary arch were figures of apostles, prophets or the twenty-four "elders of the Apocalypse", looking in towards a bust of Christ, or his symbol the Lamb, at the top of the arch. The north wall of the nave would contain narrative scenes from the Old Testament, and the south wall from the New Testament. On the rear west wall would be a Last Judgement, with an enthroned and judging Christ at the top.
One of the most intact schemes to exist is that at Saint-Savin-sur-Gartempe in France. The long barrel vault of the nave provides an excellent surface for fresco, and is decorated with scenes of the Old Testament, showing the Creation, the Fall of Man and other stories including a lively depiction of Noah's Ark complete with a fearsome figurehead and numerous windows through with can be seen the Noah and his family on the upper deck, birds on the middle deck, while on the lower are the pairs of animals. Another scene shows with great vigour the swamping of Pharaoh's army by the Red Sea. The scheme extends to other parts of the church, with the martyrdom of the local saints shown in the crypt, and Apocalypse in the narthex and Christ in Majesty. The range of colours employed is limited to light blue-green, yellow ochre, reddish brown and black. Similar paintings exist in Serbia, Spain, Germany, Italy and elsewhere in France.
The now-dispersed paintings from Arlanza in Spain, though from a monastery, are secular in subject-matter, showing huge and vigorous mythical beasts above a frieze in black and white with other creatures. They give a rare idea of what decorated Romanesque palaces would have contained. 
Other visual arts.
Embroidery.
Romanesque embroidery is best known from the Bayeux Tapestry, but many more closely worked pieces of Opus Anglicanum ("English work" - considered the finest in the West) and other styles have survived, mostly as church vestments.
Stained glass.
The oldest-known fragments of medieval pictorial stained glass appear to date from the 10th century. The earliest intact figures are five prophet windows at Augsburg, dating from the late 11th century. The figures, though stiff and formalised, demonstrate considerable proficiency in design, both pictorially and in the functional use of the glass, indicating that their maker was well accustomed to the medium. At Le Mans, Canterbury and Chartres Cathedrals, and Saint-Denis, a number of panels of the 12th century have survived. At Canterbury these include a figure of Adam digging, and another of his son Seth from a series of Ancestors of Christ. Adam represents a highly naturalistic and lively portrayal, while in the figure of Seth, the robes have been used to great decorative effect, similar to the best stone carving of the period. Glass craftsmen were slower than architects to change their style, and much glass from at least the first part of the 13th century can be considered as essentially Romanesque. Especially fine are large figures of 1200 from Strasbourg Cathedral (some now removed to the museum) and of about 1220 from Saint Kunibert's Church in Cologne.
Most of the magnificent stained glass of France, including the famous windows of Chartres, date from the 13th century. Far fewer large windows remain intact from the 12th century. One such is the Crucifixion of Poitiers, a remarkable composition which rises through three stages, the lowest with a quatrefoil depicting the Martyrdom of St Peter, the largest central stage dominated by the crucifixion and the upper stage showing the Ascension of Christ in a mandorla. The figure of the crucified Christ is already showing the Gothic curve. The window is described by George Seddon as being of "unforgettable beauty". Many detached fragments are in museums, and a window at Twycross Church in England is made up of important French panels rescued from the French Revolution. Glass was both expensive and fairly flexible (in that it could be added to or re-arranged) and seems to have been often re-used when churches were rebuilt in the Gothic style - the earliest datable English glass, a panel in York Minster from a Tree of Jesse probably of before 1154, has been recycled in this way.

</doc>
<doc id="2909130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909130" title="Fantasy (disambiguation)">
Fantasy (disambiguation)

Fantasy is a genre of fiction that uses magic and other supernatural phenomena as a primary element of plot, theme, or setting.

</doc>
<doc id="2909135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909135" title="Suberic acid">
Suberic acid

Suberic acid, also octanedioic acid, is a dicarboxylic acid, with formula C8H14O4. It is a colorless crystalline solid used in drug syntheses and plastics manufacture.
It gets its name from the Latin noun "suber", which means cork.

</doc>
<doc id="2909138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909138" title="Holy Name Monastery">
Holy Name Monastery

Holy Name Monastery is a Benedictine convent located in Saint Leo, Florida, United States.
History.
In 1889 five sisters founded Holy Name Convent and Holy Name Academy in response to a need for teachers for the children of immigrants in the San Antonio and St. Joseph area of Pasco County, Florida. The nuns also took over the administration of other area schools, including St. Anthony School and St. Joseph School. St. Anthony, which is the oldest school of any kind in Pasco County, had a Benedictine/Holy Name presence until the end of the 2009-10 school year. For the most part, their presence at St. Joseph School remained until it closed in 1981. Both the convent and the "all-girls" academy were originally housed in the never-used Sultenfuss Hotel, a large three-story building located in San Antonio on the north end of the city's 4 acre town square. The building was moved in 1911, by an elaborate system of ox-powered pulleys and winches, a half mile east to the hilltop in Saint Leo where Holy Name Monastery now stands.
Before taking its current name in the 1990s, it was known as Holy Name Priory.
Today 16 sisters at Holy Name Monastery live according to the Rule of St. Benedict. Following Benedictine tradition, the sisters seek a balance of prayer and work, community and solitude, an integration of contemplative living and active ministry on behalf of others. Sister Roberta Bailey, O.S.B., is the current Prioress as elected by the monastery members.
Official Site

</doc>
<doc id="2909145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909145" title="Swan Valley Stampeders">
Swan Valley Stampeders

The Swan Valley Stampeders are a Canadian Junior "A" ice hockey team from Swan River, Manitoba, Canada. They are members of the Manitoba Junior Hockey League, a part of the Canadian Junior A Hockey League and Hockey Canada.
Season-by-Season record.
"Note: GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, OTL = Overtime Losses, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against"

</doc>
<doc id="2909153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909153" title="Fitri Department">
Fitri Department

Fitri is one of the three departments which make up the region of Batha in Chad. The capital is Yao.

</doc>
<doc id="2909156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909156" title="Portage Terriers">
Portage Terriers

The Portage Terriers are a Canadian junior "A" ice hockey team from Portage la Prairie, Manitoba, Canada. They are members of the Manitoba Junior Hockey League, a part of the Canadian Junior A Hockey League and Hockey Canada.
History.
The Portage Terriers have won the Turnbull Cup as Manitoba Junior Hockey League Champion eight times: 1942, 1973, 1990, 2005, 2008, 2009, 2011 and 2012.
In 1942, the Terriers were MJHL champions, they moved on to conquer the Western Canadian Junior title, the Abbott Cup as well. Later that year, they went to Winnipeg, Manitoba to host and ultimately defeat the Ontario Hockey Association's Oshawa Generals to win the team's only Memorial Cup as Canadian Junior Hockey Champions.
Roster: Staff Sgt. Addie Bell (Coach), Joe Bell, Gordon Bell (Goal), Billy Gooden, Lin Bend, Jack MacDonald (Captain), Wally Stefaniw, Bobby Love, Oliver "Bud" Ritchie, Bill Heindl Sr., Jack O'Reilly, Joe Ledoux, Lloyd Smith and Don Campbell.
The 1942 Portage Terriers were inducted into the Manitoba Hockey Hall of Fame in the team category.
The Memorial Cup is now the Canadian Major Junior Championship, and as of 1970 the Terriers were relegated to Tier II Junior "A".
This long running Manitoba franchise won the Anavet Cup and Abbott Cup in 1973. In 1973, the Terriers defeated the SJHL's Humboldt Broncos to win the Prairie regional and the Penticton Broncos to win the Western Canadian Championship. This moved them along to the Centennial Cup 1973 Final against the Pembroke Lumber Kings of the Central Junior A Hockey League. The Terriers defeated the Lumber Kings 4-games-to-1 to clinch their only Tier II National title.
The 1973 Portage Terriers were inducted into the Manitoba Hockey Hall of Fame in the team category.
It seems that in the early 1980s, the Terriers or a team affiliated with the Terriers won the 1984 Keystone Cup as Western Canadian Junior "B" Champions.
In 2005, the Terriers defeated the Selkirk Steelers to win the MJHL Championship and then the Terriers defeated the Yorkton Terriers to win another Anavet Cup. This earned them a berth to the Royal Bank Cup 2005 tournament. The Terriers finished the round robin with a 1-3 record and were eliminated from playoff contention.
In the summer of 2006 before the team's 40 year Anniversary Head Coach and General Manager Don MacGillivray announces that he was stepping down as Head Coach and General Manager to take the Head Coaching job at the University of Manitoba.
MacGillivray compiled a Regular Season Record Of 293 Wins, 167 Losses, and 48 Ties for a winning percentage of .577 with the Terriers. In the playoffs, MacGillivray guided Portage to consecutive division titles in 2004 and 2005. The Terriers won the 2005 MJHL Championship, along with the Anavet Cup.
Blake Spiller was announced as the team's new Head Coach and General Manager after spending 5 years as Assistant Coach for Don. Blake also captained the team in the 1982-1983 season.
In 2008, Portage defeated the Winnipeg Saints to win the MJHL Championship 4 games to 1; The Terriers lost the Anavet Cup series in 4 straight games to the SJHL Champion Humboldt Broncos.
In 2009, the Terriers defeated the Selkirk Steelers to win their first back-to-back MJHL championships in team history, winning the series 4 games to 1. The Terriers lost the Avavet Cup series 4 games to 3 against the Humboldt Broncos for the second time in two years.
In 2010, the Terriers started a new era when they moved into the Portage Credit Union Centre, leaving their long-time home, the Portage Centennial Arena. Their first season in the new surroundings proved to be incredibly successful. The team finished first overall in the regular season and claimed the 2011 Turnbull Cup on home ice, beating the Selkirk Steelers 4 games to 1. They followed that up by winning the Anavet Cup against the SJHL champion La Ronge Ice Wolves in a thrilling game seven win on home ice.
During their first year in the Addison Division the Terriers would finish 1st place during the regular season. Portage would make the finals for the second round in a row. They ended up beating the Winnipeg Saints in 5 games. It was the 2nd straight Turnbull Cup and the 4th in 5 years.
The Portage Terriers have been named hosts of the 2015 RBC Cup.
Season-by-season record.
"Note: GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, OTL = Overtime Losses, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against"
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2909161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909161" title="Val Rosing">
Val Rosing

Val Rosing (1910–1969) was the British "Dance Hall" and British dance band singer best known as the vocalist with the BBC in the BBC Dance Orchestra directed by Henry Hall. Born as Valerian Rosing, he was the son of Russian tenor and opera director, Vladimir Rosing and English singer Marie Falle. From 1938 he was also known as Gilbert Russell.
Rosing sang on the original BBC recording of "Teddy Bear's Picnic" as well as "In a Little Gypsy Tea Room". Another of his notable records was the Ray Noble Orchestra's recording of "Try a Little Tenderness", the first recording of this well-covered song. Rosing recorded more than one hundred sides with various English bands, including Spike Hughes and His Decca-Dents, the Jack Payne Orchestra, Jack Hylton's Orchestra and Rosing's own Radio Rhythm Rascals, before moving to the United States of America in the later 1930s.
Rosing married the English actress Meriel Carrington in 1932. They had a daughter, the artist Anna Edouard.
In 1938, Rosing moved to America at the urging of Louis B. Mayer, who renamed him "Gilbert Russell", with hopes of making Rosing the "English Bing Crosby." His years at MGM were uneventful, and after his stint with the studio, Rosing sang and acted in musicals and light operas around the country. Making the transition from pop to "legitimate" singer, Rosing legally changed his name to Gilbert Russell and sang in the Chicago Theater of the Air, the NY Opera Company, and the San Francisco Opera. In 1953, Rosing married secondly Marilyn Pendry, a dancer in movies such as "White Christmas" and "An American in Paris." The couple had one daughter, Claudia Russell, before divorcing. In 1961 Rosing married June Baum, a singer and actress.
In the 1960s, Rosing worked as one of Hollywood's top vocal coaches, with students that included Natalie Wood, George Chakiris, June Lockhart and Tina Louise.
Rosing died of cancer in 1969 at the age of 59 and is buried at Eden Cemetery in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="2909172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909172" title="Waywayseecappo Wolverines">
Waywayseecappo Wolverines

The Waywayseecappo Wolverines are a junior ice hockey team playing in the Manitoba Junior Hockey League. They play their home games in the Waywayseecappo Wolverines Complex in Waywayseecappo, Manitoba, Canada. 
Season-by-season record.
"Note: GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, OTL = Overtime Losses, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against"

</doc>
<doc id="2909177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909177" title="Neepawa Natives">
Neepawa Natives

The Neepawa Natives are a Canadian Junior "A" ice hockey team from Neepawa, Manitoba, Canada. They are members of the Manitoba Junior Hockey League (MJHL), a part of the Canadian Junior A Hockey League and Hockey Canada.
History.
Neepawa has yet to win a Turnbull Cup as MJHL Champions, but in recent years has been very competitive.
In October 2011, the Neepawa Natives reported a hazing incident to Kim Davis, MJHL Commissioner. After an investigation, Davis confirmed that a 15-year-old player had come forward with allegations of sexual-based rookie hazing in the Natives' locker room. A record $5000 fine and 18 suspensions resulted from the incident. The parent of a one of the hazing victims said her son was forced to walk around the team locker room with a set of water bottles tied to his scrotum. Assistant coach Brad Biggers was allegedly present in the dressing room while the assault occurred. As a result, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police have opened an investigation of the incident and the MJHL has hired an independent investigator to look into the incident.
Head Coach and General Manager Bryant Perrier resigned from his post on October 30, 2011. On November 3, 2011, the leadership and players of the team issued an apology to the players involved, the organization, coaching staff, sponsors, fans, and local community for the behaviour of the team, asking for an opportunity to get past the issue. The organization itself also issued an apology to the people effected by this situation.
Season-by-season record.
"Note: GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, OTL = Overtime Losses, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against"

</doc>
<doc id="2909180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909180" title="Yao, Chad">
Yao, Chad

Yao is a town in Chad and the capital of the Fitri department.
Yao is also the name of a pre-colonial Sultanate in the same area. See the Bulala people.

</doc>
<doc id="2909185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909185" title="Légifrance">
Légifrance

Légifrance is the official website of the French government for the publication of legislation, regulations, and legal information. Access to the site is free.
Virtually complete, it presents or refers to all concerned institutions or administrations, all texts still in force since 1539 and all the upper courts jurisprudency since 1986 as well as the most pertinent one of all courts since 1875.
References.
"All texts in French unless otherwise noted."

</doc>
<doc id="2909186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909186" title="Lake Fitri">
Lake Fitri

Lake Fitri is located in the center of Chad about 300 km east of N’Djamena. The normal size of the lake is about 50,000 hectacre. The size of this lake can triple in wetter years. This freshwater lake is shallow and is fed by seasonal rainfall and run-off from a catchment area estimated at 70,000 km². The principal river feed is the seasonal Batha River which carries water from the Ouaddai massif to the east.
Similarly to Chad's other lake, Lake Chad, it is not quite as large as once was. It has been designated under the Ramsar Convention as a Wetland of International Importance. The normally permanent lake may dry out during severe drought periods, such as occurred at the beginning of the twentieth century and again in 1984–1985.

</doc>
<doc id="2909197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909197" title="Dauphin Kings">
Dauphin Kings

The Dauphin Kings are a Canadian Junior "A" ice hockey team from Dauphin, Manitoba, Canada. They are members of the Manitoba Junior Hockey League (MJHL), a part of the Canadian Junior A Hockey League (CJHL) and Hockey Canada. The Kings were established in 1967 and now play at the Credit Union Place which opened in the fall 2005 with a capacity of 2,500.
History.
1967–68.
In the fall of 1967 Dauphin, along with the Selkirk Steelers, Portage Terriers and Fort Garry Frontiersmen, started the Central Manitoba Junior Hockey League.
1968–69.
After years of trying to secure an MJHL franchise Dauphin finally got its wish when the CMJHL and the MJHL merged for the 68–69 season. The Kings opened the season with nine straight wins and remained undefeated for twelve games. All season long the Kings' battled with the Selkirk Steelers for first overall which came to a showdown on the very last night of the season at a head to head match in Dauphin. The Kings "blanked" them 4–0. The Kings were led by goaltender Ron Low loaned by the Winnipeg Jets of the Western Canada Hockey League. Bob Neufeld anchored the defense with Johnny Roy who gave the Kings an offensive flare from the blueline, Ron Boyes, Farley Hemmings and Wayne Pockett. The first line of “Captain” Dennis Schick, Jim Cahoon and Bob Leguilloux would combine to score 93 goals during the season. Schick won the Scoring Championship, Cahoon came second and Leguilloux center Bob Buchy also finished in the top ten. Other forwards included Clayton Kemp (20 goals), Dennis Clarke, John Morrison, Gary Westbury, Peter Wood and 15-year-old Blaine Stoughton. Nearing the end of the season Butch Goring and his sidekick Merv Haney quit the Winnipeg Jets and joined the Kings.
The Goring affair.
On Sunday February 9, 1969, the MJHL held a special emergency meeting to discuss Butch Goring leaving the Winnipeg Jets of the Western Canada Hockey League to join the Dauphin Kings. Goring had played the night before the meeting in Kenora for the Kings during a regular season game. Goring led the Kings to a win and scored 3 goals the Kings had signed Goring the Friday night after the Jets game. Learning of this MJHL president Bill Addison instructed the Kings not to use Goring in Sundays game. Another Jets forward Merv Haney also signed by the Kings and traveled to Kenora with the team but did not play in either game. The Kings won Sundays game 10–6.
At the meeting, which lasted three hours, the MJHL gave the Kings approval to use Goring in regular season and play–off games. After learning of the MJHL's approval Jets owner Ben Hatskin said “There are no ifs, ands or buts. The matter is in the hands of the lawyers and I'll likely seek an injunction to prevent him from playing in Dauphin”. The WCHL president Ron Butlin said a court injunction would be sought against Goring and Haney from playing with Dauphin Kings. Butlin, also president of the Canadian Hockey Association, said the CHA would be "taking whatever action is necessary against Dauphin and the Manitoba Amateur Hockey Association for damages." Goring was leading the WCHL in goals at the time.
On Monday February 10, the MJHL approved the Kings signing of Haney. On Tuesday the Jets and the CHA filed in court seeking an injunction against Goring and Haney from playing for any club other than the Jets. On Wednesday Goring and Haney played for the Kings in an exhibition game against Weyburn Red Wings of the Saskatchewan Junior Hockey League. In the third period Goring suffered a broken wrist. Since the injunction hearing could not be heard until June it was dropped although the lawsuit for damages was not. Goring would return for the MJHL finals wearing a special cast. It was announced on July 31, as part of an agreement between the Canadian Amateur Hockey Association and the WCHL, that all legal issues in this matter were to be dropped.
'69 playoffs.
Goring, with Goal–tender Ron Low, helped lead the Kings to the western Canadian final for the Memorial Cup to meet the Regina Pats of the Saskatchewan Junior Hockey League (SJHL). The Pats were led by Goal–tender Gary Bromley and eight future NHL draft picks, including Don Saleski, won the best of seven–in–seven 4–3 with Goring missing game seven with a separated shoulder. Goring was picked up by Regina for the Memorial Cup finals and was voted the Pats best player in a losing effort as the Montreal Junior Canadiens, led by Marc Tardif and Gilbert Perreault, swept the Pats four straight.
For the 69–70 season the Kings had a major rebuild, only Low and Bushy remained. Bushy was named captain. Rookie scoring sensation Ron Chipperfield was added and Dennis Clarke returned after spending most of the previous year on the injury list, to the give Kings the best one two punch in the league. Chipperfield as a 16-year-old rookie tied for the league lead in goals, and with Clarke, and Randy Sigurdson formed the Kings 2nd line. Bushy centered the 1st, with Dan Tremblay and Dave Marin. Barry Chernos was brought in, Herb Andres was elevated from the taxi squad, and Merv Kiryluik came from the Dauphin Minor Hockey Association to made up the third line. Peter Wood, became the tenth forward, after spending the previous year on the taxi squad. Bill Gidden anchored the defense with Ron Realini, Bernie Reid, Harvey Shaw, and Dauphinite Ron Lemieux, who added offensive from the blueline. The Kings breezed through the MJHL, in the final Low recorded 2 shutouts, allowed 3 goals, as the Kings swept in four straight. For the second straight year, the Kings faced the Westfort Hurricanes of Thunder Bay Junior Hockey League. And in a bitter fought series the Kings failed in 6 games.
1970–75.
1970–71, the Kings once again needed to rebuild with only 4 returnees, Andres, Marin, Realini and Tremblay. Tremblay would be named captain and led the league in scoring with 109 Points. The Kings added forwards Jeff Berke, Brad Carefoot, Don Larway, Jim Miller, Bill Murray, Darrell Novakowski, Tom Sinclair, Ed Tkachuk, defenseman Mike Korney, Dan Lemieux, Perry Robinson and Drew Trapp. The biggest hole the Kings needed fill was goal. With Ron Low going to the pros the Kings brought in the tandem of Ty Langton and Larry Budzinski. Injuries were the biggest concern for the '70–71 Kings and the Kings' season ended early.
The Kings entered the 1971–72 season with nearly a set team and the Kings were thinking championship, Budzinski and Langton were back in goal. Dauphinites Korney, Lemieux and Trapp would return to the blueline joined by Jack Osachuk and Dauphinite Greg Kiryluik. Up front the Kings had 7 returnees and Dauphinite Jim Cruise was added to the 1st line with Miller and Murray. Cruise would score 36 goals as a rookie and the line combined for 97 goals in a 48 game schedule. The line of Tkachuk, Marin and Carefoot would score 98 goals and be the Kings' 2nd line. Scott Hetherington, another Elm Creek boy, would center the 3rd with wingers Larway and Novakowski. Dauphinite Ken Buchy was the tenth forward, a position his older Bob had only a few years earlier. Miller would be named captain. Half a year in Bob Windatt quit the Winnipeg Jets of the WCHL and signed with the Kings. Windatt replaced Novakowski who had been traded. The Kings would win 40 games out 48, score 304 goals and appeared to be the best of the MJHL. The Kings would meet their Waterloo in the Saskatchewan Champions Humboldt Broncos.
During the 74–75 season Dauphinite Jim Misener established a new MJHL record of 73 goals breaking Bobby Clarke's record of 71.
1977.
Rebuilding since the run of 1971–72, the Kings had a veteran lineup for 76–77. The Kings had three 100-point men, all of who were in the top 5 in league scoring: Jim Misener (59 goals), Bob Genoway (47 goals) and Lyle Stokotelny (33 goals). Owen Connelly chipped in with 35 goals, add fellow veterans Cam Carefoot, Martin Dupont, Dan Greening, Rich Hopfner, Vernon Jebb, Dean Murray, Duke Rodnisky, and starting goalie Jim Tkachyk, who was entering his third season, and second as #1. Three veterans from other clubs, Calven Bernard, Brad Harding, Harvey Takvam and rookies Brock Bulbuck, Rich Little, Rick Peacosh, Ron Shewchuk and Greg Vertz. The Kings prevailed winning the Turnbull Cup for the 4th time in 10 years. The Kings' achilles heel had been getting past the Saskatchewan champs and the Prince Albert Raiders were not going to change that.
1983.
In '82–83 Mike Ridley of the St. Boniface Saints shattered Jim Misener's goal scoring record by 18, netting 91 goals. Kings' Brent Sapergia also surpassed Misener to establish a new team record of 77.
The Kings went on to win the Anavet Cup in 1983 by defeating the Saskatchewan Junior Hockey League's Yorkton Terriers but lost the Abbott Cup to the British Columbia Junior Hockey League's Abbotsford Flyers.
Season-by-Season record.
"Note: GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, OTL = Overtime Losses, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against"
Notable alumni.
NHL Draft Picks:
Others:

</doc>
<doc id="2909214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909214" title="R. v. Buhay">
R. v. Buhay

R. v. Buhay 1 S.C.R. 631, is a leading Supreme Court of Canada decision on the Charter rights protecting against unreasonable search and seizure (section 8) and the criteria for the exclusion of evidence under section 24(2). The court held that for evidence to be excluded on the Collins test, the seriousness of the breach must be determined by looking at factors such as good faith and necessity. On the facts, marijuana found in a bus station locker was excluded from evidence because the police had insufficient reason to search it without a warrant.
Background.
Mr. Buhay had rented a locker in a Winnipeg bus station in which he stored a duffel bag of marijuana. The smell from the bag attracted the attention of the security guards who had a station attendant open it for them. They confirmed their suspicion of the contents of the bag, then locked it back into the locker, and called the police. When the police arrived they had the attendant open the locker again. They took the bag.
At no time did anyone get a warrant to search the locker. The police officers had testified that it did not cross their mind as they didn't think a locker had any right to privacy, moreover they were doubtful there would be enough grounds for a warrant.
At trial, the judge found that the police violated section 8 of the Charter and excluded the evidence under section 24(2). The Court of Appeal overturned the acquittal on the basis that the locker was under the control of the stations security and there was no unlawful search.
The Supreme Court restored the trial judge's acquittal, finding that there was a violation of section 8 and the grounds were sufficient to exclude the evidence.
Opinion of the Court.
The majority was written by Arbour J.

</doc>
<doc id="2909217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909217" title="Vajradhara">
Vajradhara

Vajradhara (Sanskrit: वज्रधार Vajradhāra, Tibetan: རྡོ་རྗེ་འཆང། rdo rje 'chang (Dorje Chang);Javanese: Kabajradharan; Japanese: 執金剛; Chinese: 金剛總持 English: Diamond-holder) is the ultimate primordial Buddha, or Adi Buddha, according to the Gelug and Kagyu schools of Tibetan Buddhism.
In the evolution of Indian Buddhism, Vajradhara gradually displaced Samantabhadra, who remains the 'Primordial Buddha' in the Nyingma, or 'Ancient School.' However, the two are metaphysically equivalent. Achieving the 'state of Vajradhara' is synonymous with complete realisation.
According to the Kagyu lineage, Vajradhara is the primordial Buddha, the Dharmakaya Buddha. He is depicted as dark blue in color, expressing the quintessence of buddhahood itself and representing the essence of the historical Buddha's realization of enlightenment.
As such, Vajradhara is thought to be the supreme essence of all (male) Buddhas (his name means "the bearer of the thunderbolt"). It is the Tantric form of Sakyamuni which is called Vajradhara. Tantras are texts specific to Tantrism and are believed to have been originally taught by the Tantric form of Sakyamuni called Vajradhara. He is an expression of Buddhahood itself in both single and yabyum form. Vajradhara is considered to be the prime Buddha of the Father tantras (tib. pha-rgyud) such as Guhyasamaja, Yamantaka, and so on 
From the primordial Vajradhara/Samantabhadra/Dorje Chang were manifested the Five Wisdom Buddhas (Dhyani Buddhas):
Vajradhara and the Wisdom Buddhas are often subjects of mandala.
Vajradhara and Samantabhadra are cognate deities in Tibetan Buddhist cosmology with different names, attributes, appearances and iconography. Both are Dharmakaya Buddhas, that is primordial Buddhas: Samantabhadra is unadorned, that is depicted without any attributes; conversely, Vajradhara is often adorned and bears attributes, which is generally the iconographic representation of a Sambhogakaya Buddha. Both Vajradhara and Samantabhadra are generally depicted in yab-yum unity with their respective consorts and are primordial Buddhas, embodying void and ultimate emptiness.
Dharmakaya as part of the Trikaya.
The Trikaya doctrine (Sanskrit, literally "Three bodies or personalities"; 三身 Chinese: "Sānshēn", Japanese: "sanjin") is an important Buddhist teaching both on the nature of reality, and what a Buddha is. By the 4th century CE, the Trikaya Doctrine had assumed the form that we now know.
Briefly, the doctrine says that a Buddha has three "kayas" or "bodies": the "nirmanakaya" or "created body" which manifests in time and space; the "sambhogakaya" or "body of mutual enjoyment" which is an archetypal manifestation; and the "Dharmakaya" or "reality body" which embodies the very principle of enlightenment and knows no limits or boundaries.
In the view of Anuyoga, the 'Mindstream' (Sanksrit: "citta santana") is the 'continuity' (Sanskrit: "santana"; Wylie: "rgyud") that links the Trikaya. The Trikaya, as a triune, is symbolised by the Gankyil.
Literature.
'Shining Relics of Enlightened Body' () is numbered amongst the 'Seventeen Tantras of Menngagde' () within Dzogchen discourse and is part of the textual support for the Vima Nyingtik. In the Dzogchen tantric text rendered in English as "Shining Relics" (), an enlightened personality entitled Buddha Vajradhara and a Dakini whose name may be rendered into English as "Clear mind" engage in discourse and dialogue which is a common convention in such esoteric Buddhist literature and tantric literature in general.
Link.
Nonsectarian movement
Sutra

</doc>
<doc id="2909222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909222" title="All or Nothing (Fat Joe album)">
All or Nothing (Fat Joe album)

All or Nothing is the sixth studio album by Fat Joe, released on June 14, 2005. The album debuted at #6 on the Billboard 200 with 106,500 sold in the first week released and has sold about 293,000 copies to date.
Samples.
All or Nothing Intro
Does Anybody Know
Everybody Get Up
Get It Poppin'
Lean Back (Remix)
Listen Baby
My Fofo
Safe 2 Say (The Incredible)
So Much More
Temptation Pt. 1
Temptation Pt. 2
Hold You Down

</doc>
<doc id="2909237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909237" title="Glazing agent">
Glazing agent

A glazing agent is a natural or synthetic substance that provides a waxy, homogeneous, coating to prevent water loss and provide other surface protection for the substance.
Differences between natural and synthetic glazing agents.
Natural.
 Natural glazing agents have been found present, most often in plants or insects. In nature, the agents are used to keep the moisture in the specimen, but science has harnessed this characteristic by turning it into a glazing agent that acts as a coating. This glazing agent is made up of a substance that is classified as a wax. A natural wax is chemically defined as an ester with a very long hydrocarbon chain that also includes a long chain alcohol. However, in a wax there have been many different chemical structures that can be included in a definition of a wax, such as: wax esters, sterol esters, ketones, aldehydes, alcohols, hydrocarbons, and sterols. 
Examples are:
Synthetic.
Science has produced similar glazing agents that mimic their natural counterparts. These components are added in different proportions to achieve the most optimal glazing agent for a product. These products range from things in the cosmetic, automobile and food industry. 
There are different variations of glazing agents, depending on the product, but they are all designed for the same purpose.

</doc>
<doc id="2909254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909254" title="Imperial Rule Assistance Association">
Imperial Rule Assistance Association

The was Japan's para-fascist organization created by Prime Minister Fumimaro Konoe on October 12, 1940 to promote the goals of his "Shintaisei" ("New Order") movement. It evolved into a "statist" ruling political party which aimed at removing the sectionalism in the politics and economics in the Empire of Japan to create a totalitarian single-party state, in order to maximize efficiency of Japan’s total war effort in China. When the organization was launched officially, Konoe was hailed as a "political savior" of a nation in chaos; however, internal divisions soon appeared.
Origins.
Based on recommendations by the "Shōwa Kenkyūkai", Konoe originally conceived of the Imperial Rule Assistance Association as a reformist political party to overcome the deep-rooted differences and political cliques between bureaucrats, politicians and the military. During the summer of 1937, Konoe appointed 37 members chosen from a broad political spectrum to a preparatory committee which met in Karuizawa, Nagano. The committee included Konoe's political colleagues Fumio Gotō, Count Yoriyasu Arima and ex-syndicalist and right wing spokesman Fusanosuke Kuhara. The socialist and populist left wing was represented by Kingoro Hashimoto and the traditionalist military wings by Senjūrō Hayashi, Heisuke Yanagawa and Nobuyuki Abe.
Konoe proposed originally that the Imperial Rule Assistance Association be organized along national syndicalist lines, with new members assigned to branches based on occupation, which would then develop channels for mass participation of the common population to “assist with the Imperial Rule”.
However, from the start, there was no consensus in a common cause, as the leadership council represented all ends of the political spectrum, and in the end, the party was organized along geographic lines, following the existing political sub-divisions. Therefore, all local government leaders at each level of village, town, city and prefectural government automatically received the equivalent position within their local Imperial Rule Assistance Association branch.
Ideals.
Prior to creation of the Imperial Rule Assistance Association, Konoe had already passed the National Mobilization Law, which effectively nationalized strategic industries, the news media, and labor unions, in preparation for total war with China.
Labor unions were replaced by the Nation Service Draft Ordinance, which empowered the government to draft civilian workers into critical war industries. Society was mobilized and indoctrinated through the National Spiritual Mobilization Movement, which organized patriotic events and mass rallies, and promoted slogans such as "Yamato-damashii" and "Hakkō ichiu" to support Japanese militarism. This was urged to "restore the spirit and virtues of old Japan".
Some objections to it came on the grounds that "kokutai", imperial polity, already required all imperial subjects to support imperial rule.
In addition to drumming up support for the ongoing wars in China and in the Pacific, the Imperial Rule Assistance Association helped maintain public order and provided certain public services via the "tonarigumi" neighborhood association program. It also played a role in increasing productivity, monitoring rationing, and organizing civil defense.
The Imperial Rule Assistance Association was also militarized, with its members donning khaki-colored uniforms. In the last period of the conflict, the membership received military training and was projected to integrate with civil militia in case of the anticipated American invasion.
Development.
As soon as October 1940, the Imperial Rule Assistance Association systemized and formalized the "Tonarigumi", a nationwide system of neighborhood associations. The November 6, 1940 issue of "Shashin Shūhō" (Photographic Weekly Report) explained the purpose of this infrastructure:
The "Taisei Yokusankai" movement has already turned on the switch for rebuilding a new Japan and completing a new Great East Asian order which, writ large, is the construction of a new world order. The "Taisei Yokusankai" is, broadly speaking, the New Order movement which will, in a word, place One Hundred Million into one body under this new organisation that will conduct all of our energies and abilities for the sake of the nation. Aren't we all mentally prepared to be members of this new organization and, as one adult to another, without holding our superiors in awe or being preoccupied with the past, cast aside all private concerns in order to perform public service ? Under the "Taisei Yokusankai" are regional town, village, and "tonarigumi", let's convene council meetings and advance the activities of this organization.
In February 1942, all women’s associations were merged into the Greater Japan Women's Association which joined the Imperial Rule Assistance Association in May. Every adult woman in Japan, excepting the under twenty and unmarried, was forced to join the Association.
Likewise, in June, all youth organizations were merged into the , based on the model of the German Sturmabteilung (stormtroopers).
In March 1942, Prime Minister Hideki Tōjō attempted to eliminate the influence of elected politicians by establishing an officially-sponsored election nomination commission, which restricted non-government sanctioned candidates from the ballot. After the 1942 Japanese General Election, all members of Diet were required to join the "Yokusan Seijikai" (Imperial Rule Assistance Political Association), which effectively made Japan a single-party state. However, as the old political leadership within the Diet retained their seats and influence, Japan never evolved completely into totalitarianism. The Imperial Rule Assistance Association was formally dissolved on June 13, 1945.
During the occupation of Japan, the American authorities purged thousands of government leaders from public life for having been members of the Association.

</doc>
<doc id="2909265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909265" title="Jean de Venette">
Jean de Venette

Jean de Venette, or Jean Fillons ( – ) was a French Carmelite friar, from Venette, Oise, who became the Prior of the Carmelite monastery in the Place Maubert, Paris, and was a Provincial Superior of France from 1341 to 1366. He is the author of "L'Histoire des Trois Maries", a long French poem on the legend of the Three Marys, giving his name at the start of the text, and has since 1735 been also regarded as the author of an anonymous Latin chronicle of the period of the Hundred Years War between England and France. In recent decades it has been questioned whether these were in fact the same author, although it seems that both were Carmelites. Other historians see no reason to create an extra author, but recent French publications tend to refer to the "Chronique dite de Jean de Venette" ("Chronicle said to be by Jean de Venette"). By his own account the chronicler was of peasant origin, and his view of the events of his lifetime has a significantly different perspective from that of other chroniclers.
The Chronicle.
The "Chronicle" is a narrative of several historical events spanning the years of 1340 and 1368, written as early as 1340, until Jean de Venette’s death at or soon after the year 1368. When it was first published in the Spicilegium, vol. 3, it was included as the "second continuation" of the popular earlier chronicle of William of Nangis (died 1300). This survived in a number of manuscripts, but it was later realized that one MS British Library MS Arundel 28, contains only Venette's chronicle, in a version with significant differences to those appended elsewhere to Nangis' work. This manuscript was later translated into English by Jean Birdsall, and was published as "The Chronicle of Jean de Venette" in 1953, edited and annotated by Richard A. Newhall, Brown Professor of European History, Williams College. Brown and Birdsall's contention that the Arundel MS contains a text closer to Venette's original than other versions has been generally accepted.
As many of the portions were recorded contemporaneously and in a chronological fashion, it gives a very reliable first hand account of several historical events. The evidence seems to indicate a dual authorship from 1340 to 1368. During the years 1358-1359 the entries were contemporary with the events recorded; the earlier portion of the work, if it was begun as early as 1340, was subjected to revision later, though Venette himself states on the first page of his chronicle (1340) he is recording events "...in great measure as I have seen and heard them."
The Chronicle begins in the year 1340 at which time Jean de Venette talks about the revelations of a (unnamed) priest who was held prisoner by the Saracens for 13 years and freed in 1309 who foretold of a vison of a great famine which would occur in 1315 and other horrible things which were to happen thereafter. Venette states that he was seven or eight in this year and indeed the famine did occur exactly as predicted and lasted two years. He then tells the background of the fight for the crown of France after the death of Philip the Fair and the claims of Edward I of England to that throne, thus describing the background to the beginning of the Hundred Years' War. His history is detailed and precise. He also describes the Battle of Crecy in 1356, The Peasant's War, and the siege of Calais, again with great detail.
According to one scholar, "Jean de Venette is not a first-class chronicler. He is often inaccurate or muddled, and there are few matters of real importance for which he is our sole or principal authority. The interest of the chronicle lies in the fact that it is the work of an intelligent and not uncritical observer, well placed to witness great and often tragic events, who provides a useful corrective to Froissart's aristocratic romanticism and is quite uninfluenced by the official Valois version of affairs, the version preserved by the Saint Denis chroniclers and still largely accepted by French historians."
His time and his work.
Venette had a master in theology from the University of Paris and spent a great deal of his time promoting study amaong the younger members of the Carmelite, and he gathered information on the earlier history of the Carmelite Order going all the way back to "Elijah", its Founder. Venette regarded ignorance as the cause of many of the problems of his time, including the Black Death and encouraged many of the Carmelites to learn to read and write.
What is noteworthy and perhaps unique about Jean de Venette's work is that he had a great understanding and sympathy for the peasants. Most chroniclers wrote from the perspective of the nobles. There can be no doubt that his own humble beginnings afforded him a unique understanding of the hard life of these peasants. His work covers many important events of the fourteenth century including, Black Death, the The Hundred Years' War and The Peasant's War.
The formulation of his beliefs and writings.
Venette first and foremost followed the teachings of the Pope. No matter the person or the circumstances, he did not deviate from his religious beliefs and criticised anyone who was "Excommunicate" or otherwise not following the teachings of God. Venette combines his religious belief with astronomical events. He quotes and agrees with the interpretation of Master Jean de Murs and others made before and during this time. It is clear that he, (as did other monastic chroniclers and monastic astronomers) attribute these signs as a "warning" from God that punishment was coming for Man's sinful nature. In 1340, he speaks of a comet that appeared in that year. Another comet, still unidentified, was said to appear in August of 1348 which Venette himself sees. This comet is also mentioned by Augustine of Trent, a friar eremite of St. Augustine who, in his writings, sees the later one as a warning of the disease and pestilence of disease happening in Italy, and blames the physicians' "for their ignorance of astronomy". Due to his many references in the Chronicle, it is almost certain that de Venette agreed with Augustine. Venette also refers to passages from the Book of Revelations to try to understand and explain the chaos in and around him.
The Plague.
The Black Plague, the Black Death, or the Plague refers to the devastating disease which first appeared in Europe in 1348. Where it originated from is still debated but Venette attributes its origin to the "unbelievers". According to de Venette and others, within a short time, over 500 dead per day were being buried. It lasted approximately one year but returned in later years. While Jean observes how many "timid" priests did not do their religious duty to visit the dying and administer the Last Sacraments, he adds that the Sisters of the Hôtel-Dieu "... who, not fearing to die, nursed the sick in all sweetness and humility and many of them died themselves from the plague".
The Hundred Years War.
Jean vividly describes several battles of the Hundred Years' War such as the Battle of Crecy, the siege of Calais and the Battle of Poitiers.
Of the Battle of Crecy, de Venette places the time and day on "Saint Louis's Day, 1346, at the end of the ninth hour". He mentions the failure of the Genoese crossbows to function, he states they were useless because they were wet and not given time to dry out. He states that the French King ordered the massacre of the crossbowmen because of what he conceived as cowardice. He blames this and the further disorder and confusion of the French on the "undue haste" of the French King. He describes the English longbowmans' arrows as "rain coming from heaven and the sky's which were formerly clear, suddenly darkened".
Venette was known as a child of the people, and until later in his life, he consistently acknowledged the power of the monarchy. He does not, however, hesitate to criticise the nobles for their failure to protect the people, particularly after the Battle of Poitiers in 1356 at which time the King of France and his son were taken hostage and held for an enormous ransom.
After the Battle of Poiters, many of the nobles and the "Companies" were ravaging the different towns and cities, pillaging and raping. Of that time Venette states:
Jean is referring here not only to the French Nobles, but to the Companies who also plundered the peasants and Churches.
The Peasant's War.
Jean de Venette also speaks about the Peasant’s War (part of the Hundred Years' War) in France. In one particular account, he tells of how a group of French peasants, led by Guillaume l'Aloue defeated the English in several skirmishes. After the capture of the French King by the English during the Battle of Poitiers in September 1356, power in France devolved fruitlessly among the States General, Charles the Bad, King of Navarre, and John's son, the Dauphin, later Charles V.
"L'Histoire des trois Maries".
"Les Trois Maries", ("The Three Marys") or "L'Histoire des trois Maries" ("Story of the three Marys"), is a long poem in French written circa 1357 by a Jean de Venette who may not be the same as the chronicler. The three Marys spoken of are: Mary, Mother of Our Lord, Mary Cleophas and Mary Salome of St. Palaye, that is to say the "three daughters of Saint Anne".
The poem has not received a modern edition. Manuscripts include five at the BnF in Paris, and one in the British Library. One manuscript copy (BnF MS, Fr. 24311) on vellum from the mid-fifteenth century contains 232 pages, with titles in red, and some initials in gold and color. It is decorated with seven miniatures in grisaille, and begins:
Cy commence le liure intitule le liure des troiz maries lequel compila fit & ordonna frère Jehan Filions de Venette lez compiegne en beauuoisins de lordre des Carmes lan 1357 acompli ou moys de may ledit an a lheure des compiles
Here begins the book called the book of the three Marys which was created, made and done by Brother Jean Fillon of Venette near Compiègne, a member of the Carmelite Order, in the year 1357, finished in the month of May that year at the hour of Compline
A prose version was completed by Jean Drouyn in 1505, and printed in several editions.

</doc>
<doc id="2909281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909281" title="Upjohn">
Upjohn

The Upjohn Company was a pharmaceutical manufacturing firm founded in 1886 in Kalamazoo, Michigan by Dr. William E. Upjohn, an 1875 graduate of the University of Michigan medical school. The company was originally formed to make "friable pills", which were specifically designed to be easily digested. These could be "reduced to a powder under the thumb", a strong marketing argument for the time.
In 1995, Upjohn merged with Pharmacia AB, to form Pharmacia & Upjohn. Later the company merged with Monsanto Company and took the name Pharmacia; the company retained Monsanto's Searle drug unit and spun off the remaining interests, which became the "new Monsanto". Today the remainder of Upjohn is owned by Pfizer. Kalamazoo county retains major manufacturing capabilities as well as a large stake in Pfizer's animal health business. In 1997, Pharmacia & Upjohn sold several brands to Johnson & Johnson, including Motrin and Cortaid.
Chemistry.
Upjohn developed a process for the large scale production of cortisone. The oxygen atom at the 11 position in this steroid is an absolute requirement for biological activity. There are however no known natural sources for starting materials that contain that feature. The only method for preparing this drug prior to 1952 was a lengthy synthesis starting from cholic acid isolated from bile. In 1952 two Upjohn biochemists, Dury Peterson and Herb Murray announced that they were able to introduce this crucial oxygen atom by fermentation of the steroid progesterone with a common mold of the genus Rhizopus. Over the next several years a group of chemists headed by John Hogg developed a process for preparing cortisone from the soybean sterol stigmasterol. The microbiological oxygenation is a key step in this process.
Subsequently, Upjohn together with Schering biochemically converted cortisone into the more potent steroid prednisone by a bacterial fermentation In chemical research, the company is best known for the development of the Upjohn dihydroxylation by V. VanRheenen, R. C. Kelly and D. Y. Cha in 1976. Upjohn's most well-known drugs before the acquisition by Pfizer were Xanax, Halcion, Motrin, Lincocin(trademark), and Rogaine.

</doc>
<doc id="2909287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909287" title="The Big Three Killed My Baby">
The Big Three Killed My Baby

"The Big Three Killed My Baby" was released in March 1999 as a 7" single and is the third track on re-releases of "The White Stripes", the eponymous debut of the Detroit-based American garage rock band The White Stripes. A live recording of the song is featured on "Under Blackpool Lights"; the band's first official DVD release. The single is backed with "Red Bowling Ball Ruth".
"The Big Three" refers to the three major automakers in the 1950s and 1960s: Ford, Chrysler and General Motors. The song is an attack on these companies, relating to the engineering technique of planned obsolescence, and a short-sighted lack of innovation. Jack White has stated in interviews that he does not believe music to be a viable medium for political messages and until the 2007 release of "Icky Thump" (which criticizes American immigration policy) it was the White Stripes' only political song of note. The song mentions "Tucker's blood", a reference to Preston Tucker's ill-fated Tucker 48. More recently, The White Stripes have performed the song live with alternate lyrics referring to the Iraq War: ""Bush's hands are turning red... and I found out your baby is dead.""
The photo that the band is standing in front of on the single's cover has a note on it, which reads "Insert your money here", a reference to the costs of maintaining automobiles which are intentionally engineered to become prematurely obsolete.

</doc>
<doc id="2909299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909299" title="Santonin">
Santonin

Santonin is a drug which was widely used in the past as an anthelminthic, a drug that expels parasitic worms (helminths) from the body, by either killing or stunning them. Santonin was formerly listed in U.S. and British pharmacopoeia but has fallen out of use with the development of safer ascaricides and is no longer registered as a drug in most countries.
Reactions and properties.
Santonin can be converted to santonic acid (C15H20O4) via based-catalyzed hydrolysis followed by a multistep rearrangement process.
Santonin dissolves in alkalies with formation of salts of this carboxylic acid. Santonin, in acetic acid solution, when exposed to sunlight for about a month, is converted into (colorless) photosantonic acid (C15H22O5) which is generally regarded as less toxic. The ethyl ester of the latter is obtained when an alcoholic solution of santonin is exposed to sunlight (Sestini). A yellow coloration is developed upon exposure of santonin to light. Santonin is optically levorotatory.
Santonin is an organic chemical consisting of colorless flat prisms, turning slightly yellow from the action of light and soluble in alcohol, chloroform and boiling water. It is derived from santonica (the unexpanded flower-heads of "Artemisia maritima" var. "stechmanniana"). Others refer to "A. cina" or "A. chamaemelifolia" as being the derivative species.
According to the US Pharmacopoeia, santonin occurs "in colorless, shining, flattened, prismatic crystals, odorless and nearly tasteless when first put in the mouth, but afterward developing a bitter taste; not altered by exposure to air, but turning yellow on exposure to light. Nearly insoluble in cold water; soluble in 40 parts of alcohol at 15 °C. (59 °F.), in 250 parts of boiling water, and in 8 parts of boiling alcohol; also soluble in 140 parts of ether, in 4 parts of chloroform, and in solutions of caustic alkalies. When heated to 170 °C. (338 °F.), santonin melts, and forms, if rapidly cooled, an amorphous mass, which instantly crystallizes oil coming in contact with a minute quantity of one of its solvents. At a higher temperature, it sublimes partly unchanged, and, when ignited, it is consumed, leaving no residue. Santonin is neutral to litmus paper moistened with alcohol. Santonin yields, with an alcoholic solution of potassium hydrate, a bright pinkish-red liquid, which gradually becomes colorless. From its solution in caustic alkalies, santonin is completely precipitated by supersaturation with an acid".
Proposed Biosynthesis.
The full biosynthesis of α-santonin has not been elucidated but α-santonin bears much similarity to parthenolide. The proposed biosynthesis begins with the cyclization of farnesyl diphosphate (FPP) to (+)-germacrene A by a sesquiterpene synthase. (+)-germacrene A hydroxylase then hydroxylates the isopropenyl side chain. The oxidation of germacratrien-12-ol to germacratrien-12-oic acid via the intermediate germacratrien-12-al is done by NADP+-dependent dehydrogenase(s). Germacratrien-12-oic acid is then hydroxylated at C6 subsequently followed by lactonization forming (+)-costunolide.
It was proposed that the methylene of (+)-Costunolide is reduced before the second ring closure. The bicyclic decalin ring system is formed via the eudesmyl cation followed by hydroxylation at C1. Further oxidation at C3 forms the β-ketohydroxyl which upon elimination of H2O completes the proposed biosynthetic pathway of α-santonin.
Historical pharmacological use.
As noted above, santonin was formerly used as an anthelminthic, typically administered with a purgative. Santonin was used in treatment of infestation by the roundworm "Ascaris lumbricoides" and in ascarid parasitoses in general (including threadworm parasitosis). It is ineffective in treatment of tapeworm infestation.
The "Encyclopædia Britannica" (1911) notes that the typical dose was 2 to 5 grams. (It should be noted this was a "total" dose; many regimens called for 3 doses daily over 3 days, and the "3 teaspoons 3 times a day for 3 days" regimen was typical around the '50s when use of santonin was starting to wane; actual doses per "dose" were closer to 20-30 milligrams per adult dose in a typical "'50s regimen", but "one-shot" doses of santonin (especially via suppository) were common in the late 19th century-early 20th century.) The only formerly registered British preparation (as of 1911) was the "trochiscus santonini" (santonin lozenge), but the preparation "sodii santoninas" (soda of santonin) was also formerly listed as an official preparation in the U.S. Pharmacopoeia. Commercial preparations containing santonin (usually containing a purgative laxative as well) also appeared in US drug formularies as late as the '50s; the "Modern Drug Encyclopedia and Therapeutic Index" of 1955 listed Lumbricide (produced by Massengill) and a generic santonin preparation made by Winthrop-Stearns (now Winthrop-Sanofi).
Santonin also was used in a lesser extent in treatment of atony of the bladder. This usage largely dropped off after the early 20th century.
Dosage forms varied for santonin; in the 19th-20th centuries, santonin lozenges or suppositories designed for single-dosage treatment of ascarid infestation were the typical form of treatment, whilst in the 50's the two remaining santonin preparations on the market in the United States were liquid medications.
Hazards and difficulty of use of santonin.
Santonin was an agent which (compared to more modern anthelminthic drugs) was very complicated to use and entailed rather serious risk to the patient. Nearly every formulary and herbal which lists santonin or santonin-containing plants lists the real risk of yellow vision and of fatal reactions; even small doses of santonin cause disturbances of vision, usually yellow vision or perhaps green (xanthopsia or chromatopsia). Even the "Encyclopædia Britannica" noted:
...These effects usually pass off in a few days. Large doses, however, produce toxic effects, aphasia, muscular tremors and epileptiform convulsions, and the disturbances of vision may go on to total blindness.
More typical is the warning given regarding side effects of santonin in "King's American Dispensatory":
Santonin is an active agent, and, in improper doses, is capable of producing serious symptoms, and even death. As small a dose as 2 grains is said to have killed a weakly child of 5 years, and 5 grains produced death in about 1/2 hour in a child of the same age. Among the toxic effects may be mentioned gastric pain, pallor and coldness of the surface, followed by heat and injection of the head, tremors, dizziness, pupillary dilatation, twitching of the eyes, stertor, copious sweating, hematuria, convulsive movements, tetanic cramps stupor, and insensibility. Occasionally symptoms resembling cholera morbus have been produced, and in all cases the urine presents a characteristic yellowish or greenish-yellow hue. We have observed convulsions caused by the administration of "worm lozenges." Death from santonin is due to respiratory paralysis, and post-mortem examination revealed in one instance a contracted and empty right ventricle, and about an ounce of liquid, black blood in the left heart, an inflamed duodenum, and inflamed patches in the stomach (Kilner).
Santonin often produces a singular effect upon the vision, causing surrounding objects to appear discolored, as if they were yellow or green, and occasionally blue or red; it also imparts a yellow or green color to the urine, and a reddish-purple color if that fluid be alkaline. Prof. Giovanni was led to believe that the apparent yellow color of objects observed by the eye, when under the influence of santonin, did not depend upon an elective action on the optic nerves, but rather to the yellow color which the drug itself takes when exposed to the air. Santonin colored by the air does not produce this effect, which only follows the white article. The air gives the yellow color to santonin, to passed urine containing it, and to the serum of the blood when drawn from a vein, and, according to Giovanni, it is owing to its direct action upon the aqueous humor, where it is carried by absorption, that objects present this color. The view now held, however, is that of Rose, that the alkaline serum dissolves the santonin, which then acts upon the perspective centers of the brain, producing the chromatopsia or xanthopsia.
At least one modern herbal has also noted these same severe side effects of santonin.
Even were it not for the fact that santonin is among the most toxic of herbal anthelminthic drugs, deworming using santonin is complicated in comparison to more modern anthelminthics. Typically, santonin must be taken whilst fasting completely (both before and after taking the drug) for "single dose" regimens or on a full stomach with all fats and oils in the diet being avoided for 2–3 days before treatment as well as during treatment and 2–3 days afterwards (due to santonin being fat soluble and having an increased risk of side effects); after a course of santonin, a purgative must be given to cleanse the body of the dead worms. (The two remaining registered santonin preparations in the United States as of 1955 were in fact santonin/purgative combinations; Lumbricide contained santonin and senna (among other ingredients) and the Winthrop-Stearns generic preparation was a santonin/cascara sagrada combination drug.)
Due to the severe side effects (even when used as directed), the need for a purgative, and the development of many safer deworming drugs, santonin has largely fallen out of use. Typically mebendazole and pyrantel pamoate are used in modern pharmacopoeia practice where santonin was formerly used; even guides on holistic medicine strongly recommend avoiding the use of santonin due to its severe and occasionally fatal side effects and the availability of far safer anthelminthics [http://www.indiangyan.com/books/healthbooks/complet_femily_medicine_book/Worm_infestations.shtml]. The Council Directive 65/65 European Economic
Community (EEC) (in regards to pharmaceuticals and naturopathic preparations) has officially ruled santonin preparations to have an "unacceptable" risk-benefit ratio and preparations containing santonin are no longer eligible for registration in EU countries [http://www.diahome.org/content/abstract/1996/dj304878.pdf].
Santonin and absinthe.
While absinthe is certainly more infamous for its content of thujone, the liquor does also contain small amounts of santonin . It has been speculated by some parties that Impressionist art—in particular, Van Gogh's artwork—may have been inspired "not" by thujone and its presumed psychotropic effects, but on the "yellow vision" or xanthopsia which is a known side effect of santonin. This has been disputed, however, most notably by Arnold and Loftus (1991) who have noted the santonin content would have been insufficient to cause xanthopsia.

</doc>
<doc id="2909308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909308" title="Pressure gradient">
Pressure gradient

In atmospheric sciences (meteorology, climatology and related fields), the pressure gradient (typically of air, more generally of any fluid) is a physical quantity that describes which direction and at what rate the pressure changes the most rapidly around a particular location. The pressure gradient is a dimensional quantity expressed in units of pressure per unit length. The SI unit is pascal per meter (Pa/m).
Mathematically, it is obtained by applying the del operator to a pressure function of position.
Physical interpretation.
Strictly speaking, the concept of pressure gradient is a "local" characterization of the air (more generally of the fluid under investigation). The pressure gradient is defined only at those spatial scales at which pressure (more generally fluid dynamics) itself is defined.
Within planetary atmospheres (including the Earth's), the pressure gradient is a vector pointing roughly downwards, because the pressure changes most rapidly vertically, increasing downwards. The value of the strength (or norm) of the pressure gradient in the troposphere is typically of the order 9 Pa/m (or 90 hPa/km).
The pressure gradient often has a small but critical horizontal component, which is largely responsible for the wind circulation. The horizontal pressure gradient is a 2-dimensional vector resulting from the projection of the pressure gradient onto a local horizontal plane. 
Near the Earth's surface, this horizontal pressure gradient force is directed from higher toward lower pressure. Its particular orientation at any one time and place depends strongly on the weather situation. At mid-latitudes, the typical horizontal pressure gradient may take on values of the order of 10−2 Pa/m (or 10 Pa/km), although rather higher values occur within meteorological fronts.
Weather and climate relevance.
Differences in air pressure between different locations are critical in weather forecasting and climate. As indicated above, the pressure gradient constitutes one of the main forces acting on the air to make it move as wind. Note that the pressure gradient force points from high towards low pressure zones, it is thus oriented in the opposite direction from the pressure gradient itself. 
Sound waves and shock waves are events that can induce very large pressure gradients, but these are often transitory disturbances.

</doc>
<doc id="2909309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909309" title="Selkirk Steelers">
Selkirk Steelers

"For the American football team, see Pittsburgh Steelers. For other uses, see Steelers (disambiguation)."
The Selkirk Steelers are a Canadian Junior "A" ice hockey team from Selkirk, Manitoba, Canada. They are members of the Manitoba Junior Hockey League, a part of the Canadian Junior A Hockey League and Hockey Canada.
History.
Junior "A" hockey in Selkirk dates back to at least 1918, the founding of the MJHL. As one of the original members of the MJHL, the Selkirk Fishermen became the second ever Turnbull Cup, MJHL Champions by winning the 1920 playoffs. The Fishermen were crowned Western Junior "A" Champions and given the Abbott Cup. They moved on to the Memorial Cup for the National Championship, but were defeated by the Toronto Canoe Club Paddlers.
The 1920 Selkirk Fishermen were inducted into the Manitoba Hockey Hall of Fame in the team category.
The 1973-74 season was the Steelers most successful season. The Steelers won the MJHL title, then defeated the Prince Albert Raiders 4-games-to-2 to win the Anavet Cup. They went on to compete for the Abbott Cup against the Kelowna Buckaroos of the British Columbia Junior Hockey League and defeated them 4-games-to-3. This moved the Steelers along to the National Championship against the Smiths Falls Bears of the Central Junior A Hockey League for the Manitoba Centennial Cup, the National Junior "A" Championship. The series went seven games, with the Steelers stealing Game 7 1-0 in overtime to clinch their first and, so far, only National Title. [http://members.shaw.ca/vernonfranchise/league/1970's.html]
The 1974 Selkirk Steelers were inducted into the Manitoba Hockey Hall of Fame in the team category.
The Steelers have 10 MJHL Turnbull Cup Championships: 1974, 1975, 1976, 1979, 1980, 1984, 1985, 1987, 2004, and 2007. Three of these championships have resulted in Anavet Cup Manitoba/Saskatchewan Junior "A" Championships: 1974, 1975 and 2007. In 1974 the Steelers won the Abbott Cup Western Canadian Junior ‘A’ Championship and a National Championship winning the Manitoba Centennial Cup.
The Steelers are the 2006-07 MJHL Champions. They went on to face the Humboldt Broncos of the Saskatchewan Junior Hockey League for the Anavet Cup. The best-of-seven series went the distance and resulted in a Game 7 4-3 quadruple overtime victory for the Steelers. The Steelers represented their region at the Royal Bank Cup 2007 tournament. The Steelers battled hard and the scores were very close, but they failed to get beyond the round robin. Their first game of the tournament was against the Nation's top ranked teams - the Aurora Tigers of the Ontario Provincial Junior A Hockey League. The Steeler did well, but lost 4-2. Their second game was against the Nation's #2 ranked team, the Camrose Kodiaks of the Alberta Junior Hockey League. The Steelers lost 3-1. The Steelers then took on the host Prince George Spruce Kings and held them scoreless through two period, but in the third the Spruce Kings squeezed out a 2-1 win. They last game was a "do or die" game against the Pembroke Lumber Kings of the Central Junior A Hockey League. Despite outshooting the Lumber Kings, Selkirk never led and never caught up to the Fred Page Cup Champions—final score: 4-2. With an 0-4 record, the Selkirk Steelers finished their season with the Turnbull Cup, the Anavet Cup, and the pride of having represented Western Canada at the Royal Bank Cup National Championship.
Season-by-Season record.
"Note: GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, OTL = Overtime Losses, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against"
External links.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2909310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909310" title="K-Gee">
K-Gee

Karl Clive Gordon, known by the stage name K-Gee, is a British DJ, producer and songwriter and former member of the Outlaw Posse.
Gordon was brought up listening to reggae by his father and was inspired to become a DJ after listening to Grandmaster Flash's "The Message" and other early hip-hop tracks.
K-Gee and his friend Bello decided to start Outlaw Posse and one of his demo tapes ended up at Richie Rich and in 1990 the debut single "Party" was released and later the album "My Afros On Fire". In 1992 the second album "The Oneness Of Two Minds In Unison" was released, however the band split up and K-Gee returned to being a DJ.
In May 1996, K-Gee met Melanie Blatt and Shaznay Lewis who were formerly in All Saints 1.9.7.5., and wanted to relaunch their group with their new-found bandmembers Natalie and Nicole Appleton. Together they recorded "I Know Where It's At" and after All Saints managed to get a recording contract, he co-wrote and produced their first album ("All Saints"). The album turned out to be successful and scored three consecutive number 1 hits in the United Kingdom. K-Gee accompanied them on their tour and was widely regarded as their fifth member.
The success allowed K-Gee to do production and songwriting for other bands as well. K-Gee has worked with TQ, Carl Thomas, Gabrielle, Hinda Hicks, Noreaga, George Michael, Pras, Glamma Kid, Jamie Cullum, Jessie J and Esmée Denters.
K-Gee signed to independent record label Instant Karma in 2000. On 23 October 2000, K-Gee released his debut single "I Don't Really Care", which peaked at #21 in the UK Singles Chart. K-Gee debut album "Bounce to this" was released on 7 October 2002.
Discography.
Albums.
Solo
With other artists
Singles.
Solo
With other bands

</doc>
<doc id="2909316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909316" title="Steinbach Pistons">
Steinbach Pistons

The Steinbach Pistons are a Canadian Junior "A" ice hockey team from Steinbach, Manitoba. They are members of the Manitoba Junior Hockey League, which is a member of the Canadian Junior A Hockey League.
History.
Southeast Thunderbirds/T-Birds/Blades.
The Blades were granted a leave of absence from the MJHL for the 1996-97 season. The team returned the following season, moving to the Sagkeeng Multiplex, located on the Sagkeeng First Nation, northeast of Winnipeg. The Blades played ten seasons in Sagkeeng, their best season in 2002-03, when the team finished second in the Addision Division with 87 points. The Blades advanced to the Turnbull Cup finals, but lost to the OCN Blizzard.
Beausejour Blades.
The Blades were sold to Mel Sonnenburg during the summer of 2007. The team relocated to the Sun Gro Centre in Beausejour and was renamed the Beausejour Blades. The Blades played two seasons in Beausejour, winning only 13 games during that span.
Steinbach Pistons.
During the 2009 Allan Cup in Steinbach, Manitoba, the City of Steinbach announced that the club would be relocating to Steinbach for the 2009-10 season. Following a local contest, the team was renamed the Steinbach Pistons. Steinbach was previously home to the MJHL's Steinbach Hawks from 1985 to 1988. Despite the team's improved record, the Pistons did not qualify for the playoffs during their first three seasons after the move.
In August 2012, the team was sold to Steinbach Pistons, Inc., a community owned, non-profit organization. The following season, the Pistons ended the franchise's ten year playoff drought and won their first Turnbull Cup, which earned the team a berth in the inaugural Western Canada Cup.
Season-by-season record.
"Note: GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, OTL = Overtime Losses, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against"

</doc>
<doc id="2909317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909317" title="Anthony E. Zuiker">
Anthony E. Zuiker

Anthony E. Zuiker (pronounced , ; born August 17, 1968) is the creator and executive producer of the American television show '. He produces all three editions of the "CSI" franchise: ', ' and '. Besides his work on "CSI", he also founded the murder mystery show "Whodunnit?". He also assisted in the writing of "Terminator Salvation". He is currently involved in Blackbox TV, a YouTube series and is the executive producer and writer of the web series Cybergeddon.
Life and career.
Zuiker was born in Blue Island, Illinois, in the same hospital as "CSI: NY" star Gary Sinise. When he was six months old, his family moved to Las Vegas, Nevada, where his mother, Diana, worked as a blackjack dealer, and his father as a Maître d'. Zuiker attended Arizona State University in Tempe, Arizona, for three years and then transferred to the University of La Verne in La Verne, California, before transferring to the University of Nevada at Las Vegas, where he graduated. During all four years he was involved in competitive forensics, advancing as far as semifinals at the national speech tournament.
At the University of La Verne, he joined Sigma Alpha Epsilon. His Big Brother for Sigma Alpha Epsilon was Lowell Johnson, to whom Zuiker still has yet to reimburse for the Active Badge that Zuiker lost. 
In a talk at the International Mystery Writers Festival in June 2008, Zuiker said that he was working as a tram driver in Los Angeles when he came up with the idea for the series. He said he was about to go out to play basketball with some friends when his wife asked him to stay in and watch The New Detectives on the Discovery Channel. "I decided to stay, and that changed everything". He also freely admitted that he knew nothing about writing for TV and therefore his pilot script "broke all the rules," thereby creating the programs' characteristic visual and storytelling styles.
He also attended Chaparral High School which is located in Las Vegas, Nevada. The picture of the theatre is the school theatre at Chaparral High.
Criticism.
On October 25, 2007, he received the Big Brother Award Austria 2007 in the category of communication and marketing. The jury stated among other things, "The CSI television series present computer surveillance, DNA-analysis and the overthrow of civil rights in an uncritical, trivialized and dangerously onesided kind of way". Furthermore the rights of people in general and the suspects in particular would be pictured primarily as impediments of investigations.
Books.
On September 8, 2009, Zuiker released "", a book with associated web-based motion picture and interactive elements which he terms a "digi-novel". Zuiker has produced 20 cinematic cyber-bridges, which readers will be prompted to view online using special codes embedded in the book's text every 20 pages or so. The Level26.com website and online community was created with the help of Miles Beckett, the creator of hit faux vlogger lonelygirl15. "I wanted to tell a story 'too hot' for television while at the same time giving the existing crime reader a different experience," says Zuiker. 
On October 14, 2010, "" was released and a third Level 26 book was released in 2011; it was also released as an iPad application, which was designed and developed by Hooray.
Sqweegel, the forensic-proof serial killer from the first Level 26 novel, appeared in an episode of "". Zuiker posted on his Twitter page that Sqweegel might appear in another episode, which makes his return more likely since fans are voting on it and since Sqweegel is not mentioned in the second book. Fans have hoped that he would return in time for the season finale, but reports have shown that he won't return in time. By the season eleven finale of "CSI", Carol Mendelsohn revealed that fans can expect to see a familiar nemesis during season twelve, possibly hinting Sqweegel's return, but instead turned out to be the former under sheriff McKeen, who murdered Warrick Brown, one of the former lead characters.
Philanthropy.
A new school theater is named after him: the "Anthony E. Zuiker Theater" at the Chaparral High School (Nevada). Zuiker is a 1986 graduate of this high school.

</doc>
<doc id="2909320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909320" title="Ignacio Anaya">
Ignacio Anaya

Ignacio "Nacho" Anaya (c. 1894 – 1975) was a Mexican restaurateur credited as the inventor of nachos.
Anaya was living in Piedras Negras, Coahuila, Mexico, across the border from Eagle Pass, Texas, USA, and had a restaurant called the El Moderno there, when he invented nachos and served them at the restaurant as "Nachos Especiales". The original form of nachos, as made by Nacho Anaya, included fried tortilla chips topped with melted cheese and jalapeños.
Anaya died at age 81 in 1975. Anaya's son, Ignacio Anaya Jr., (1935-2010) lived in Eagle Pass, Texas and gave several interviews about his father, stating that Mamie Finan was the woman who named it Nachos Especiales after being served the snack with several friends. In the early 1990s, a holiday called the International Day of the Nacho was initiated to commemorate the invention of nachos and to celebrate nachos. The International Day of the Nacho, which takes place on October 21, is observed chiefly by eating nachos.

</doc>
<doc id="2909322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2909322" title="Dan Wright (baseball)">
Dan Wright (baseball)

Jonathan Daniel Wright (born December 14, 1977) is a former professional baseball pitcher. He played all or part of four seasons in Major League Baseball for the Chicago White Sox.
Wright grew up in Batesville, Arkansas and graduated from high school from Sullivan South in Kingsport, Tennessee. He pitched for the University of Arkansas from 1997-99. Wright was drafted in the 2nd round (64th overall) by the Chicago White Sox.
Wright pitched a 5-hit shutout against the Texas Rangers May 16, 2002.

</doc>
