<doc id="2933246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933246" title="Cash Peters">
Cash Peters

Cashman "Cash" Peters ( born 6 June 1956 ) is an award winning British author and broadcaster who writes on travel and spiritual matters as well as having published two mystery novels. He is also a renowned intuitive handwriting analyst.
Peters was born in Stockport, England. By 15, he had written material for radio and TV shows including The Two Ronnies and The News Huddlines. After graduating from the University of Hull with a law degree he was employed at the High Court of Justice in London, and in his spare time worked as a reporter on Capital Radio's "The Way It Is" news magazine. He turned to full-time journalism, winning several awards for travel reporting and presented "Wildfire", a series of travel specials on BBC Radio. In 1987 his series "Around the World in Ninety Seconds" won the Best Light Entertainment Writer Award at the New York Radio Festival. In 1994 he co-presented the ITV gameshow, Talking Telephone Numbers.
1990 saw the publication of his first book, The World Domination Handbook (New English Library), a light hearted parody.
Peters is a naturally gifted handwriting analyst 
He has written three books on the subject: The Telltale Alphabet, with Loveday Miller (Corgi 1995), Instant Insight ( Grand Central Publishing 1998),
and Love Letters: Let His Handwriting Be Your Guide (Citadel 2003).
In 1997 he moved to Los Angeles California, where he lives with his partner.
Peters appeared for two seasons in the Travel Channel TV show "Stranded with Cash Peters," and wrote the book "Naked In Dangerous Places" about his experiences. In 2003 he wrote "Gullible's Travels: The Adventures of a Bad Taste Tourist". following his radio series The Bad Taste Tours. This went on to win the Benjamin Franklin Literary Award for Humor.
Until January 2012 he contributed a short show business segment on BBC Radio Five Live's "Up All Night" with Rhod Sharp, and appears as a commentator on American Public Media's Marketplace.
In 2011 a third travel book, A Little Book About Believing, The Transformative Healing Power Of Faith, Love And Surrender (Penner) was published. This details Peters' experiences at The House Of John Of God in Brazil. It is an inspirational work and is an investigation into the field of health and healing in general.
In 2012 he wrote his first novel, an action filled mystery / thriller with a twist of wit and humor, Force Of Habit: Sister Madeleine Investigates ( Penner) This was followed in 2012 by a second novel,a cozy mystery, Horror At Horsfield Lodge: A Chillingley Village Mystery (Penner) The action takes place in a typical English village where nothing out of the ordinary ever happens, until one day two dead bodies are found at the Lodge, resulting in much gossip and suspicion and causing one woman to turn sleuth.
His next book, Why Your Life Matters (2014 Penner) is an inspirational spiritual work, packed full of wisdom, which is written in the form of a novel. A fourth travel book, The Best Vacation Ever! The Highs And Woes Of River Cruising In Provence (2014 Penner) followed. This is an informative and amusing account of the author's trip down the river Rhône with a group of friends, taking in the tours along the way.
Cash Peters is a regular contributor to Spirituality And Health magazine.
Handwriting Analysis.
Peters is a gifted intuitive handwriting analyst. His method differs from that of graphology in that he channels the energy from the writing. He has demonstrated his gift on the TV shows, Entertainment Tonight, The View
and The Montel Williams Show He has also acted as consultant to the Smithsonian Institute 
Operation Parallax.
In 1979, Peters staged an elaborate April Fool's joke on Capital Radio's "Sunday Soapbox", posing as a concerned listener who claimed the government planned to cancel the following two Thursdays to correct errors that had occurred due to switching the clocks back and forth every year to account for British Summer Time. forty-eight hours had accumulated altogether, and under "Operation Parallax" the following two Thursdays would be cancelled and the calendar would jump from Wednesday to Friday.
Bibliography.
ISBN 978-0-450-532245
ISBN 978-0-552-14325-7
Grand Central Publishing ISBN 9780446673556
Citadel ISBN 0806524774
Globe Pequot Press ISBN 978-7627-2714-8.
Audio CD ( 2007-01-02 ) Blackstone Audio Inc. ISBN 978-1433200717
Also available as a download.
ISBN 978-0-30739635-8
Kindle Edition ( 2009-04-21 ) Crown
ASIN B0026UNZDG
John Blake Publishing Ltd. ISBN978-1844549719
Faith, Love And Surrender. Penners. ISBN 0098-4887637
Kindle edition ASIN B0053T3AI2
Penner Inc. ISBN 978-0984887620 Kindle Edition ASIN B006N01TH4
Kindle Edition ASIN B00DII1X34
Kindle Edition ASIN B00INFNX0S. Paper Back Edition Penner Inc (2014) ISBN 978 0984887675
Kindle Edition ASIN. B00J0PCWU2

</doc>
<doc id="2933250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933250" title="Margarita Xirgu">
Margarita Xirgu

Margarita Xirgu, also Margarida Xirgu (18 June 1888, Molins de Rei, (Catalonia, Spain) – 25 April 1969, Montevideo, (Uruguay)) was a Catalan stage actress, who was greatly popular throughout her country and Latin America. A friend of the poet Federico García Lorca, she was forced into exile during Francisco Franco's dictatorship of Spain, but continued her work in America. Notable plays in which she appeared include "Como tú me Deseas", "La casa de Bernarda Alba", and "Mariana Pineda".
An opera, "Ainadamar", by the composer Osvaldo Golijov and playwright David Henry Hwang, based on Xirgu's life and her association with Lorca, was premiered in 2003. A recording of the work released in 2006 on the Deutsche Grammophon label (Catalog #642902) won the 2007 Grammy awards for Best Classical Contemporary Composition and Best Opera Recording.
Biography.
Born in Molins de Rei in 1888, her family moved first to Girona in 1890 and finally to Barcelona in 1896. Her first theater work was in 1906 with the Blanca character in "Mar i Cel", in the Teatre Romea. In 1908 was really successful with "Joventut de príncep" in the Teatre Principal. After that, in 1909, she began her film career with "Guzmán el Bueno".
In 1910 she married Josep Arnall.
In 1911 Àngel Guimerà wrote “La reina jove” for her, and that year she created her own theater company. In 1912 a Buenos Aires businessman contracted her for working in South America.
She starred in the early film version of Garcia Lorca's "Bodas de sangre", filmed in February–March 1938, the only film version of a Garcia Lorca play to star an actress who was a personal friend of the author and who had appeared in his works onstage. It is Ms. Xirgu's only sound film, and it has never been shown on American television or released on video. It was first shown on Argentine television in January 1966. It is now available .
Xirgu died in Maldonado in 1969, after she had become a Uruguayan citizen according to civil rights granted for exiles. In 1988 the Catalan government repatriated her remains and they are now buried in Molins de Rei.
Xirgu's biography was written by Catalan author Antonina Rodrigo.

</doc>
<doc id="2933252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933252" title="Symphony No. 1 (Ives)">
Symphony No. 1 (Ives)

Charles Ives's Symphony No. 1 in D minor, written between 1898 and 1902, is a good example of how Ives learned from composers before him. Many of his later symphonies relied on Protestant hymns as the main theme. However, this symphony is composed in the late-Romantic European tradition, and is believed to contain many paraphrases from famous European pieces such as Tchaikovsky's "Pathétique" and Schubert's "Unfinished" symphonies and especially Dvořák's "New World Symphony". 
The piece is scored for 2 flutes, 2 oboes, cor anglais, 2 clarinets, 2 bassoons, 4 horns, 2 trumpets, 3 trombones, tuba, timpani and strings. There is also an optional part for a third flute.
There are four movements:
A typical performance lasts around 40 minutes.
The second movement is believed to be a tribute to Dvořák's famous Largo in the "New World Symphony". Ives uses an cor anglais for a melody that is very similar to the cor anglais melody in the Dvořák, and changed the rhythm slightly to make the melody his own. This paraphrasing and quotation was typical of Ives as a composer. He often used familiar melodies (ranging from ragtime pieces, Protestant hymns, and Negro spirituals) to help the audience recognize how these tunes could be changed and developed in ways they had never heard.
Discography.
The Hyperion Records CD by the Dallas Symphony Orchestra conducted by Andrew Litton also includes Symphony No. 4 and "Central Park in the Dark". In general, since the work lasts about 50 minutes, leaving 30 minutes on a CD, it is usually paired with either No. 2 or No. 4. The Naxos Records CD of the RTÉ National Symphony Orchestra conducted by James Sinclair includes instead the "Emerson" Concerto.

</doc>
<doc id="2933255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933255" title="Lazar Koliševski">
Lazar Koliševski

Lazar Koliševski ( ;(12 February 1914 – 6 July 2000) was a Communist political leader in Socialist Republic of Macedonia and briefly the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia closely allied with Tito.
Early years.
Lazar was born in Sveti Nikole, Kingdom of Serbia in 1914. His family were poor farmers. Koliševski's mother was Aromanian and his father was ethnic Macedonian. Both died during the First World War. Once left an orphan, he was taken by his maternal Aromanian aunts in Bitola and later was sent to a technical school in Kragujevac, Serbia. Here, Lazar began to follow politics and learn the ways of Communism. During the 1930s he became an prominent activist of the Yugoslav Communist Party.
Career.
World War II.
As Nazi forces entered Belgrade in April 1941, Bulgaria, the German ally in the war, took control of a part of Vardar Macedonia, with the western towns of Tetovo, Gostivar and Debar going to Italian zone in Albania. Lazar, now 27, joined up with the Yugoslav Partisans in the struggle against Bulgaria and its local adherents. After the Bulgarians had taken control of the eastern part of the former Vardar Banovina, the leader of the local faction of Communist Party of Yugoslavia, Metodi Shatorov had defected to the Bulgarian Communist Party and seriously weakened the Partisans. Vardar Macedonia soon became a field of competition between different small Yugoslav Partisan detachments. Later in fall of 1941 Koliševski became the Secretary of the local Committee of the Yugoslav Communist Party. In late 1941 he was arrested and sentenced to death by a Bulgarian military court. He wrote an appeal for clemency where he claimed to be "[...]"a son of Bulgarian parents who" always "felt and feels himself Bulgarian, and despite the dreadful slavery has preserved his Bulgarian lifestyle, language and mors" " and had his sentence commuted to life imprisonment.
In late 1944, Koliševski was freed by the new Bulgarian government, and soon became the Chairman of the Communist Party of Macedonia (an local division of the Communist Party of Yugoslavia). Near the end of the war Koliševski became the Prime Minister of the Federal State of Macedonia, a federal unit of the Democratic Federal Yugoslavia (DFY). It was essentially the highest office in the Federal State of Macedonia.
For his efforts in the war, Koliševski was one of the many Macedonians who were awarded with the People's Hero of Yugoslavia medal.
Macedonia & Yugoslavia.
After World War II, Koliševski became the most powerful person in PR Macedonia and among the most powerful people in all of Yugoslavia. He began massive economic and social reforms. Koliševski finally brought the industrial revolution to Macedonia. By 1955, the capital city of Skopje had become one of the fastest growing cities in the region and became the third-largest city in Yugoslavia. Thanks to Koliševski's reforms, the small Republic that in 1945 was the poorest area of Yugoslavia now had the fastest growing economy. After the second Five Year Economic Plan, PR Macedonia's economy advanced rapidly.
On 19 December 1953, Koliševski retired as the Prime Minister of PR Macedonia and assumed the office of President of the People's Assembly. He became the PR Macedonian head of state, but wielded less direct political power. However, he remained the Chairman of the League of Communists of Macedonia, the Macedonian division of the League of Communists of Yugoslavia, which were the new names of the communist parties in Yugoslavia. He was still the most powerful person in the Republic because of his influence in the Yugoslav Communist Party. With his slow removal from politics in Macedonia he began traveling to other nations as a Yugoslav Diplomat. He made many major trips in the late 1950s and early 1960s to nations like Egypt, India, Indonesia and other nations that would later help form the Non-Aligned Nations. These diplomatic travels showed that Koliševski was very trusted by the Yugoslav leader Josip Broz Tito. Even after Tito had fall outs with some of his most trusted allies, Koliševski still remained.
After the Yugoslav Constitution of 1974 was passed, Koliševski grew much more influential in the Yugoslav political world. The new constitution called for a rotating Yugoslav Vice-Presidency. Koliševski was picked from the Macedonian leadership to be the Macedonian representative to the Presidency. On 15 May 1979 Koliševski was voted by the other Presidency members to become President of the Presidency and Vice President of Yugoslavia. On New Years Day 1980 President Tito fell ill, leaving Koliševski in the role of acting leader in his absence. Tito died five months later, on 4 May 1980. Koliševski held the office of acting head of the presidency of Yugoslavia for another ten days, before the office passed on to Cvijetin Mijatović.

</doc>
<doc id="2933258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933258" title="Helen Bjørnøy">
Helen Bjørnøy

Helen Oddveig Bjørnøy (born February 18, 1954 in Ålesund, Norway) is a Norwegian Lutheran minister and politician (Socialist Left Party), currently County Governor of Buskerud. From October 2005 to October 2007, she was Minister of the Environment in the Red-Green Coalition cabinet headed by Jens Stoltenberg. On October 18, 2007, she was relieved from her duties in the government and replaced by Erik Solheim (Socialist Left Party).
Bjørnøy graduated from MF Norwegian School of Theology in 1980 and was ordained a minister in the Church of Norway the same year. She held a teaching position as assistant professor in the field of Ethics at Lovisenberg Deaconal University College from 1991 to 1999. Her last position before entering into government was Secretary General for the Church City Mission, "Kirkens Bymisjon" (1999–2005).

</doc>
<doc id="2933259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933259" title="Robert McCallum, Jr.">
Robert McCallum, Jr.

Robert D. McCallum, Jr. (born 1946) was the United States Ambassador to Australia, from 2006–2009. 
Early life.
McCallum was born in Memphis, Tennessee, where his father, Robert D. McCallum, was a businessman [http://www.rhodes.edu/NewsCenter/RhodesMagazine/Summer2005/CampusNews/Remembering-Trustee-Robert-McCallum.cfm]. 
He was educated at Presbyterian Day School in Memphis and then at The Choate School (now Choate Rosemary Hall) in Wallingford, Connecticut, where he was a star tennis player and captain of the basketball team. 
He then went to Yale University, where he graduated in 1968. 
At Yale his roommate and fellow member of Skull and Bones was George W. Bush. 
In 1968, McCallum was named a Rhodes Scholar and attended Oxford University in England. In 1969, he met and married Mary Rankin Weems ("Mimi") of Memphis, who, until that time, had worked as a flight attendant for Trans World Airlines. They have two adult sons, one of whom was also a Rhodes Scholar. McCallum graduated from Yale Law School in 1973.
Professional life.
After completing his LL.B. at Yale in 1973, McCallum joined the Atlanta law firm of Alston & Bird. Philip Alston, one of the principals of this firm, was U.S. Ambassador to Australia under President Jimmy Carter from 1977 to 1981. McCallum remained with the firm for 28 years, before joining the U.S. Department of Justice in 2001 as Assistant Attorney General for the Civil Division. In this position he oversaw litigation involving the defense of challenges to Presidential actions and acts of Congress; national security issues; immigration; benefit programs; commercial issues including health care fraud, banking, insurance, patents, debt collection; and the Food Drug and Cosmetic Act.
In July 2003 McCallum was appointed Associate Attorney General. He served as Acting Deputy Attorney General from September to December 2004 and from August 2005 until he resigned on being nominated as Ambassador to Australia.
In 2005 McCallum was accused of interfering with the government's prosecution of the tobacco industry by requiring Justice Department lawyers to cut their demand for an industry-sponsored smoking cessation program from $130 billion to $10 billion. 
During his ambassadorial confirmation hearings before the United States Senate, Senator Dick Durbin of Illinois raised this issue and demanded an investigation of McCallum's role. The Justice Department's Office of Professional Responsibility found no wrongdoing on McCallum's part. In her 2006 decision in the case, Judge Gladys Kessler placed limits on tobacco companies' abilities to market cigarettes, but found that a previous appeals court ruling prevented her (in the judicial branch) from requiring the industry to pay for a smoking cessation program.
Australia.
McCallum had never been to Australia prior to his appointment and had had no previous involvement with the country, or indeed with foreign policy at all. The position of U.S. Ambassador to Australia is traditionally held by friends or political associates of the President, rather than by career diplomats, since Australia is a close ally of the U.S. and the post is considered a highly desirable one. The previous Ambassador, Tom Schieffer, was a business associate of President Bush.
In an interview with "The Australian", a national daily newspaper, McCallum said that he had been attending seminars on Australian affairs since his appointment. "I feel that the seminars I have got a good grounding in the fundamentals of what is going on in a very, very important relationship to the U.S. with Australia, and I'm eager to learn and experience that firsthand", he said. He said that he would seek to meet and establish close relations with Australian politicians of all parties, including those critical of U.S. policies.
McCallum's arrival in Australia ended an 18-month period in which there was no U.S. Ambassador in Canberra. Following Schieffer's departure to take up the position of Ambassador to Japan in January 2005, the U.S. was represented by a "Chargé d'Affaires", Bill Stanton, who also departed Australia before McCallum's appointment. The long delay was caused by the Bush Administration's apparent inability to find a candidate who was suitably close to the President but willing to undergo the scrutiny which accompanies the Senate confirmation process.
McCallum announced that he would resign his position following the inauguration of President Barack Obama in 2009, claiming that a new ambassador with a close relationship with the President is important to the US-Australia alliance. 
He resigned from the position and left Australia on 20 January 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="2933262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933262" title="Xydias">
Xydias

Xydias is the last name of:

</doc>
<doc id="2933267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933267" title="Diana Beauclerk, Duchess of St Albans">
Diana Beauclerk, Duchess of St Albans

Diana Beauclerk, Duchess of St Albans (c. 1679–15 January 1742), born Lady Diana de Vere, was a British courtier. She was Mistress of the Robes to Caroline, Princess of Wales from 1714 to 1717.
She was one of the Hampton Court Beauties of Mary II of England.
Family.
She was the daughter of the Aubrey de Vere, 20th Earl of Oxford and Diana Kirke. On 17 April 1694, she married the 1st Duke of St Albans, an illegitimate son of King Charles II and his mistress Nell Gwynne, whereupon Diana became Duchess of St Albans.
Together Beauclerk and Diana had 12 children:

</doc>
<doc id="2933273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933273" title="Warner, Queensland">
Warner, Queensland

Warner is a suburb north of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. Its local government area is the Moreton Bay Region 22 kilometres north of the Brisbane central business district. Warner is situated east of Lake Samsonvale and west of the urban localities of Strathpine, Brendale, Bray Park and Lawnton.
History.
Warner is named after an early civilian surveyor James Warner.
The predominant style of development in this community is Park Residential, however new urban developments are occurring in this area. Warner has recently undergone refurbishment from rural land usage to urban. Prior to this, the predominant use of the land was rural, and Warner still contains many rural properties.
Post-2000 establishments in Warner include the Warner Lakes housing estate on 206 hectares of land previously used for potato farming, and a retail and commerce estate on the corner of Samsonvale Road and Old North Road which is the location of the first financial institution established in Warner, The Bank of Queensland. Roads have recently been upgraded in parts of Warner, which now includes three sets of traffic lights. Further development to the area has led to the inclusion of a McDonalds, Subway, Warner Chinese Restaurant and The Warner Tavern.
Demographics.
In the 2011 Census the population of Warner is 8,381, 50.5% female and 49.5% male.
The median/average age of the Warner population is 30 years of age, 7 years below the Australian average.
77.1% of people living in Warner were born in Australia. The other top responses for country of birth were New Zealand 4.8%, England 4.6%, South Africa 2.4%, Philippines 1.3%, Fiji 0.9%.
90.6% of people speak English as their first language 0.9% Hindi, 0.8% Afrikaans, 0.6% Tagalog, 0.3% Filipino, 0.3% Spanish.
Education.
Schools surrounding the Warner suburb include:
Transport.
Bray Park railway station and Strathpine railway station both very near to the suburb of Warner, provide access throughout Moreton Bay Region, Caboolture, Sunshine Coast, Brisbane and Gold Coast.

</doc>
<doc id="2933276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933276" title="Ndebele people">
Ndebele people

Ndebele people could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2933282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933282" title="National Tennis Centre (Canada)">
National Tennis Centre (Canada)

The original National Tennis Centre in Toronto was located in the north end of York University's Keele campus next to the Metro Toronto Track and Field Centre. Originally the courts were clay, they were later changed to Har-Tru. The site was too small for the growing tournament, as pressure from the ATP + WTA Tours collectively forced the building of a new site on the west end of York University. The site had 6 courts for play, and 4 practice courts (used for housing player facilities). The structure was an open air stadium with wooden seats and was not suitable for a first class tennis tour. The stadium held roughly 10,000 fans, and a second show court held roughly 2,000. In 2003 the stadium was torn down and replaced by the Rexall Centre, located to the west of this site. The current site is not vacant, with only centre court being demolished. 8 of the outer courts are still present. The university uses the building for office space.

</doc>
<doc id="2933292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933292" title="Anthony J. Xydias">
Anthony J. Xydias

Anthony J. Xydias (May 22, 1882 in Tinos – October 27, 1952) was a film producer for such films as "Heroes of the Alamo" (1937), "Devil's Canyon" (1935), and "Five Bad Men" (1935). His career took off after he opened a theater in Dallas, Texas in 1906. From this came a chain of successful theaters.
A former exhibitor, Greek-born American film executive Anthony J. Xydias founded Sunset Pictures in 1922. He wanted to produce inexpensive Westerns starring former rodeo rider Jack Hoxie. Despite their meager budgets, the Hoxie oaters proved well above par for the period, but Xydias found himself without a star when Hoxie left in favor of Universal. Kenneth MacDonald, whom Xydias chose from the ranks of supporting players, did not fill the bill and was quickly replaced by J.B. Warner, a lanky cowboy from Nebraska. Warner died of tuberculosis after only six Westerns. 
Xydias then turned his attention to saluting the country that had received him so warmly by producing a series of historical melodramas featuring heroes from America's past. In short order, Sunset released "Kit Carson Over the Great Divide" (1925), "Buffalo Bill on the U.P. Trail" (1926), "Daniel Boone Through the Wilderness" (1926), "Davy Crockett at the Fall of the Alamo" (1926), "General Custer at Little Big Horn" (1926), and finally, "Sitting Bull at the Spirit Lake Massacre" (1927). He retired due to ill health in 1931.
Xydias returned to the scene six years later with the promise of remaking his six historical "epics," this time, of course, with sound. In the end, only "Heroes of the Alamo" was actually produced and it proved the slipshod affair expected from the veteran penny pincher. The film reused the silent battle scenes from "Davy Crockett at the Fall of the Alamo" and was later sold to Columbia Pictures with Xydias's name removed from the credits when Columbia released it in 1938. 
Retired from the movie business following the less than spectacular reception of "Heroes of the Alamo", Xydias was unfortunate enough to be caught behind enemy lines while visiting the Philippines in 1941. He spent the duration of the war in the infamous Santo Tomas camp.

</doc>
<doc id="2933308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933308" title="Plane partition">
Plane partition

In mathematics and especially in combinatorics, a plane partition is a two-dimensional array of nonnegative integers formula_1 (with positive integer indices "i" and "j") that is nonincreasing in both indices, that is, that satisfies 
and for which only finitely many of the "n""i","j" are nonzero. A plane partitions may be represented visually by the placement of a stack of formula_1 unit cubes above the point ("i","j") in the plane, giving a three-dimensional solid like the one shown at right.
The "sum" of a plane partition is
and PL("n") denotes the number of plane partitions with sum "n".
For example, there are six plane partitions with sum 3:
so PL(3) = 6. (Here the plane partitions are drawn using matrix indexing for the coordinates and the entries equal to 0 are suppressed for readability.)
Ferrers diagrams for plane partitions.
Another representation for plane partitions is in the form of Ferrers diagrams. The Ferrers diagram of a plane partition of formula_6 is a collection of formula_6 points or "nodes", formula_8, with formula_9 satisfying the condition:
Replacing every node of a plane partition by a unit cube with edges aligned with the axes leads to the "stack of cubes" representation for the plane partition.
Equivalence of the two representations.
Given a Ferrers diagram, one constructs the solid partition (as in the main definition) as follows.
Given a set of formula_1 that form a plane partition, one obtains the corresponding Ferrers diagram as follows.
For instance, below we show the two representations of a plane partitions of 5.
Above, every node of the Ferrers diagram is written as a column and we have only written only the non-vanishing formula_1 as is conventional.
Action of "S"3 on plane partitions.
There is a natural action of the permutation group formula_25 on a Ferrers diagram—this corresponds to simultaneously permuting the three coordinates of all nodes. This generalizes the conjugation operation for partitions. The action of formula_25 can generate new plane partitions starting from a given plane partition. Below we show six plane partitions of 4 that are generated by the formula_25 action. Only the exchange of the first two coordinates is manifest in the representation given below.
Generating function.
By a result of Percy MacMahon, the generating function for PL("n") is given by
This is sometimes referred to as the "MacMahon function".
This formula may be viewed as the 2-dimensional analogue of Euler's product formula for the number of integer partitions of "n". There is no analogous formula known for partitions in higher dimensions (i.e., for solid partitions).
MacMahon formula.
Denote by formula_30 the number of plane partitions that fit into formula_31 box; that is, the number of plane partitions for which "n""i","j" ≤ "c" and "n""i","j" = 0 whenever "i" > "a" or "j" > "b". In the planar case (when "c" = 1), we obtain the binomial coefficients:
MacMahon formula is the multiplicative formula for general values of formula_30:
This formula was obtained by Percy MacMahon and was later rewritten in this form by Ian Macdonald.
Asymptotics of plane partitions.
The asymptotics of plane partitions was worked out by E. M. Wright. One has, for large formula_35:
where we have corrected for the typographical error (in Wright's paper) pointed out by Mutafchiev and Kamenov. Evaluating numerically, one finds
Symmetries.
Plane partitions may be classified according to various symmetries. When viewed as a two-dimensional array of integers, there is the natural symmetry of "conjugation" or "transpose" that corresponds to switching the indices "i" and "j"; for example, the two plane partitions
are conjugate. When viewed as three-dimensional arrays of blocks, however, more symmetries become evident: any permutation of the axes corresponds to a reflection or rotation of the plane partition. A plane partition that is invariant under all of these symmetries is called "totally symmetric".
An additional symmetry is "complementation": given a plane partition inside an formula_31 box, the complement is simply the result of removing the boxes of the plane partition from the box and reindexing appropriately. Totally symmetric plane partitions that are equal to their own complements are known as "totally symmetric self-complementary plane partitions"; they are known to be equinumerous with alternating sign matrices and so with numerous other combinatorial objects.

</doc>
<doc id="2933309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933309" title="Gando">
Gando

Gando may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2933310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933310" title="Lake Taghkanic State Park">
Lake Taghkanic State Park

Lake Taghkanic State Park is a state park located in the southern part of Columbia County, New York in the USA. The park is on the town line between the Towns of Gallatin and Taghkanic, and is adjacent to the Taconic State Parkway. The land was donated to the state in 1929, provided that the lake's name was changed from "Charlotte" to "Taghkanic." 
Lake Taghkanic State Park has tent and trailer campsites, cabin and cottage camping facilities, two beaches, picnic areas, boat launch sites, rowboat, paddleboat and kayak rentals, playgrounds, sports playing fields, a rentable pavilion, and newly renovated recreation hall and showers. The park also offers hiking, biking, swimming, fishing, hunting, cross-country ski and snowmobile trails, ice skating, and ice fishing.

</doc>
<doc id="2933319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933319" title="Lohe">
Lohe

Lohe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2933320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933320" title="Shipova">
Shipova

The Shipova (× Sorbopyrus auricularis) is a hybrid between the European Pear ("Pyrus communis") and the Common Whitebeam ("Sorbus aria"). It is a small to medium-sized tree growing to 10-18 m tall, with deciduous oval leaves 7-11 cm long and 5-6 cm broad. The fruit is a pome 2.5-3 cm long; it is edible with a sweet, yellowish flesh, which tastes similar to a Nashi Pear. 
History.
The hybrid, known as the Bollwiller Pear, first arose at Bollwiller in Alsace, France, before 1619, and has mostly been propagated by grafting since then; it is nearly sterile, only rarely producing any viable seeds. Two successful seedling propagations have been named as the cultivar 'Bulbiformis' and as the species "Pyrus malifolia". However shipova trees are not widely cultivated. Shipova is the only known species in the nothogenus × "Sorbopyrus" (the hybrid genus of "Sorbus" and "Pyrus")
Similar hybrids.
Other intergeneric hybrids within tribe Maleae that include "Sorbus" as one of the parents are:
Alternative genus names.
The genus "Sorbopyrus" (a name published in 1906) has also been known as "Bollwilleria" Zabel (published 1907), and as "Pyraria" A.Chev. (published 1925).

</doc>
<doc id="2933326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933326" title="List of Muslim military leaders">
List of Muslim military leaders

A Muslim soldier is a Muslim who has engaged in war, or is trained in the art of war. Some of the more contemporary belong to state or national military forces and are more accurately described as soldiers. Some of the older entries may be more accurately be described as warriors, and some as militia.
Entries in this chronological list are accompanied by dates of birth and death, branch of Islam, country of birth, field of study, campaigns fought in, and a short biographical description.
Muslim military leaders.
This list includes notable conquerors, generals, and admirals from early Islamic history to the 20th century.
1900s.
Rawandan Civil War
Muslim warriors.
The following Muslim warrior and soldiers, while not in significant leadership positions, are still of particular note

</doc>
<doc id="2933331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933331" title="Zawgyi (writer)">
Zawgyi (writer)

Zawgyi (, ; born Thein Han (, ); 12 April 1907 - 26 September 1990) was a distinguished and leading Burmese poet, author, literary historian, critic, scholar and academic. He was one of the leaders of the "Hkit san" (Testing the Times) movement in Burmese literature searching for a new style and content before the Second World War, along with Theippan Maung Wa, Nwe Soe and Min Thu Wun. His first "hkit san" poetry,"Padauk pan" (Padauk flower), was published in "Hantha Kyemon" pamphlet.
His most memorable work was a play titled "Maha hsan gyinthu", an adaptation of Molière's "Le bourgeois gentilhomme", published in 1934. His most famous poem was "Beida lan" ("The Hyacinth's Way") that traces a journey through life's ups and downs, published in 1963.
Early life.
Zawgyi was the eldest in a family of nine. He won the "Thissawardi" Prize (5 gold sovereigns) from the "Thissawardi" newspaper for the poem "Sittathukha Linga", translated from the English poet Henry Wotton's "The Character of a Happy Life". He went on to the University of Rangoon, passed the intermediate level with credits in Burmese and won the "Tha Doe Aung" prize.
After graduating with a B.A. in 1929, majoring in Burmese literature, English literature, Oriental and Far East History, Zawgyi became a tutor in the Burmese Department at the university. In 1931, Zawgyi returned to the Myoma High School to teach until 1934. After achieving the MA degree from the Rangoon University in 1936, he became a tutor in Burmese at the Mandalay Intermediate College until 1938 when he went to England to study at the University of London and then at the University of Dublin for the Diploma in Library Science.
Distinguished career.
In 1941, Zawgyi became Librarian at the University of Rangoon. He married Saw Yin (B.A., B.Ed.). During World War II Zawgyi became Deputy Director General (Literature and Libraries Division) at the Ministry of Education. After the war he returned to his old job as Librarian at the University of Rangoon (called Yangon in Burmese), then from 1947 to 1948 Special Officer for the Legislative Council and Elections Office. He was awarded the honour of "Wunna Kyawhtin" for distinguished service by the government.
Between 1950 and 1952, Zawgyi travelled as part of a delegation to Indonesia, Britain, United States, Mexico and Canada. From 1951 to 1957 he was Director of the Textbooks Committee at the Ministry of Education. In 1955 Zawgyi won the "Sarpay Beikman" "variety in literature" ("sa padetha") prize for "Thakin Kodaw Hmaing htika". He then became Chairman of the Burma History Commission in 1959.
The year 1961 saw him as Emeritus Professor of Burmese at the University of Rangoon and was awarded the honour of "Thiri Pyanchi" by the government. He was also President of the Technical Terms Committee and the National Literary Awards Selection Committee. He retired as Librarian of the Universities Central Library in 1967. He was then appointed First Special Officer for Education, President of the Burma Research Society and Adviser for the Burma History Commission.
In 1976 he visited India with Khin Zaw (the author and translator "K") where he read a paper on the Ramayana. In 1979 Zawgyi won the National Literary Award for ""Nin-la-hè chit dukkha" ("Damn You, Broken Heart") and Other Short Stories", and in 1987, another for "Ancient Bagan and Other Poems".
Family.
When Zawgyi died at the age of 83, on 26 September 1990, he left wife Saw Yin and their three daughters, Dr. Khin Myo Han, Dr. Khin Hla Han and Dr. Khin Ohn Han. His family, students and colleagues created the "Zawgyi prize" and "Ganda Lawka Thingaha prize" for outstanding diploma students in Library and Information Studies and Masters students in Burmese.

</doc>
<doc id="2933335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933335" title="Inn on the Park">
Inn on the Park

Inn on the Park was a luxury hotel that once graced the hill overlooking Leslie Street and Eglinton Avenue in North York, Ontario.
History.
Urban Resort.
The Inn on the Park was built in 1963, three years after the founding of the parent company Four Seasons Hotels and the Four Seasons Motor Inn. This site marked the first attempt to build a hotel outside of downtown Toronto. 
The site was chosen as it was located not far from the Don Valley Parkway and focused on the company's emphasis of resort and business travel. The hotel was surrounded by of parkland.
Built on what was still farmland in North York, the first phase consisted of the hotel's lower building, built by architect Peter Dickinson, who built the first Four Seasons hotel in 1961. From the air the hotel appeared as the Star of David, a tribute to founder Isadore Sharp's Jewish origins.
Growth and Focus on Luxury.
Four Seasons began to change their corporate strategy with focus on luxury starting in 1971. At the Inn on the Park a taller tower by Venchiarutti Gagliardi Architect, at 23 stories and having 269 rooms, it was added in 1971. A convention area and two restaurants (Harvest Restaurant and The Terrace Lounge) were also added.
Decline and Demise.
A decade after the expansion, the Inn on the Park suffered a setback. The second wing suffered a fire involving loss of six lives in January 1981, including Canadian television producer and director Cecil "Cy" True.
The building of the Four Seasons Yorkville in the same year as the expansion of the Don Mills property led to financial crisis for the company in 1974.
By the 1980s the chain's focus went global. The Don Mills hotel was getting tired and did not attract the same customers as the Yorkville site. The site was sold in the 1980s.
The hotel was converted to a Holiday Inn (signage replaced the Inn on the Park on the lower tower) and later by new owners Rowntree Enterprises as Toronto Don Valley Hotel. The final owners saw little potential for running a run-down hotel and opted to re-develop it. The hotel ceased operating in 2005 and the original hotel, restaurants and convention centre were demolished in 2006 to give way to a Toyota and Lexus dealership, known as Toyota On The Park. The iconic stone wall was retained at the site. The 1971 tower was retained and plans are to convert it into a seniors' residence.

</doc>
<doc id="2933347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933347" title="Desktop Window Manager">
Desktop Window Manager

Desktop Window Manager (DWM, previously Desktop Compositing Engine or DCE) is the window manager in Windows Vista, Windows 7 and Windows 8 that enables the use of hardware acceleration to render the graphical user interface of Windows. 
It was originally created to enable portions of the new "Windows Aero" user experience, which allowed for effects such as transparency, 3D window switching and more. It is also included with Windows Server 2008, but requires the "Desktop Experience" feature and compatible graphics drivers to be installed.
Architecture.
The Desktop Window Manager is a compositing window manager. This means that each program has a buffer that it writes data to; DWM then composites each program's buffer into a final image. By comparison, the stacking window manager in Windows XP and earlier (and also Windows Vista and Windows 7 with Windows Aero disabled) comprises a single display buffer to which all programs write.
DWM works in different ways depending on the operating system (Windows 7 or Windows Vista) and on the version of the graphics drivers it uses (WDDM 1.0 or 1.1).
Under Windows 7 and with WDDM 1.1 drivers, DWM only writes the program's buffer to the video RAM, even if it is a graphics device interface (GDI) program. This is because Windows 7 supports (limited) hardware acceleration for GDI and in doing so does not need to keep a copy of the buffer in system RAM so that the CPU can write to it.
Because the compositor has access to the graphics of all applications, it easily allows visual effects that string together visuals from multiple applications, such as transparency. DWM uses DirectX 9 to perform the function of compositing and rendering in the GPU, freeing the CPU of the task of managing the rendering from the off-screen buffers to the display. However, it does not affect applications painting to the off-screen buffers – depending on the technologies used for that, this might still be CPU-bound. DWM-agnostic rendering techniques like GDI are redirected to the buffers by rendering the user interface (UI) as bitmaps. DWM-aware rendering technologies like WPF directly make the internal data structures available in a DWM-compatible format. The window contents in the buffers are then converted to DirectX textures.
The desktop itself is a full-screen Direct3D surface, with windows being represented as a mesh consisting of two adjacent (and mutually-inverted) triangles, which are transformed to represent a 2D rectangle. The texture, representing the UI chrome, is then mapped onto these rectangles. Window transitions are implemented as transformations of the meshes, using shader programs. With Windows Vista, the transitions are limited to the set of built-in shaders that implement the transformations. Greg Schechter, a developer at Microsoft has suggested that this might be opened up for developers and users to plug in their own effects in a future release. DWM only maps the primary desktop object as a 3D surface; other desktop objects, including virtual desktops as well as the "secure desktop" used by User Account Control are not.
Because all applications render to an off-screen buffer, they can be read off the buffer embedded in other applications as well. Since the off-screen buffer is constantly updated by the application, the embedded rendering will be a dynamic representation of the application window and not a static rendering. This is how the live thumbnail previews and Windows Flip work in Windows Vista and Windows 7. DWM exposes a public API that allows applications to access these thumbnail representations. The size of the thumbnail is not fixed; applications can request the thumbnails at any size - smaller than the original window, at the same size or even larger - and DWM will scale them properly before returning. Windows Flip 3D does not use the public thumbnail APIs as they do not allow for directly accessing the Direct3D textures. Instead, Flip 3D is implemented directly in the DWM engine.
The Desktop Window Manager uses Media Integration Layer (MIL), the unmanaged compositor which it shares with Windows Presentation Foundation, to represent the windows as "composition nodes" in a "composition tree". The composition tree represents the desktop and all the windows hosted in it, which are then rendered by MIL from the back of the scene to the front. Since all the windows contribute to the final image, the color of a resultant pixel can be decided by more than one window. This is used to implement effects such as per-pixel transparency. DWM allows custom shaders to be invoked to control how pixels from multiple applications are used to create the displayed pixel. The DWM includes built-in Pixel Shader 2.0 programs which compute the color of a pixel in a window by averaging the color of the pixel as determined by the window behind it and its neighboring pixels. These shaders are used by DWM to achieve the blur effect in the window borders of windows managed by DWM, and optionally for the areas where it is requested by the application. 
Since MIL provides a retained mode graphics system by caching the composition trees, the job of repainting and refreshing the screen when windows are moved is handled by DWM and MIL, freeing the application of the responsibility. The background data is already in the composition tree and the off-screen buffers and is directly used to render the background. In pre-Vista Windows OSs, background applications had to be requested to re-render themselves by sending them the codice_1 message. DWM uses double-buffered graphics to prevent flickering and tearing when moving windows. The compositing engine uses optimizations such as culling to improve performance, as well as not redrawing areas that have not changed. Because the compositor is multi-monitor aware, DWM natively supports this too.
During full-screen applications, such as games, DWM does not perform window compositing and therefore performance will not appreciably decrease.
On Windows 8 and Windows Server 2012, DWM is used at all times and cannot be disabled. Unlike its predecessors, Windows 8 supports basic display adapters through Windows Advanced Rasterization Platform (WARP), which uses software rendering and the CPU to render the interface rather than the graphics card. This allows DWM to function without compatible drivers, but not at the same level of performance as with a normal graphics card. DWM on Windows 8 also adds support for stereoscopic 3D.
Redirection.
For rendering techniques that are not DWM-aware, output must be redirected to the DWM buffers. With Windows, either GDI or DirectX can be used for rendering. To make these two work with DWM, redirection techniques for both are provided. 
With GDI, which is the most used UI rendering technique in Microsoft Windows, each application window is notified when it or a part of it comes in view and it is the job of the application to render itself. Without DWM, the rendering rasterizes the UI in a buffer in video memory, from where it is rendered to the screen. Under DWM, a buffer equal to the size of the window is allocated in system memory. GDI calls are redirected to write their outputs to this buffer rather than the video memory. Another buffer is allocated in the video memory to represent the DirectX surface, which is used as the texture for the window meshes. The system memory buffer is converted to the DirectX surface separately, and kept in sync. This round-about route is required because GDI cannot output directly in DirectX pixel format. The surface is read by the compositor and is composited to the desktop in video memory. Writing the output of GDI to system memory is not hardware accelerated, nor is conversion to the DirectX surface. When a GDI window is minimized, invisible or visible on the same monitor as a full screen DirectX application, by limitation of GDI, the GDI bitmap buffer is no longer received by the application when requesting a device context during painting or updating (this can sometimes be seen when a GDI operation copying from one window to another outputs black or empty regions instead of the expected window content). Thus, DWM uses the last bitmap rendered to the buffer before the application was minimized.
For applications using DirectX to write to a 3D surface, the DirectX implementation in Windows Vista uses WDDM to share the surface with DWM. DWM then uses the surface directly and maps it on to the window meshes. For Windows presentation foundation (WPF) applications (which are DirectX applications), the compositor renders to such shared surfaces which are then composited into the final desktop. Applications can mix either rendering technique across multiple child windows, as long as both GDI and DirectX are not used to render the same window. In that case, the ordering between DirectX and GDI rendering cannot be guaranteed, and as such it cannot be guaranteed that the GDI bitmap from the system memory has been translated to the video memory surface. This means that the final composition may not contain the GDI-rendered elements. To prevent this, DWM is temporarily turned off, as long as an application which mixes GDI and DirectX in the same window is running.
Hardware requirements.
In Windows Vista, DWM requires compatible physical or virtual hardware:
In Windows 7, the Desktop Window Manager has been reworked to use Direct3D 10.1, but the hardware requirements remain the same as in Windows Vista; Direct3D 9 hardware is supported with the "10 Level 9" layer introduced in the Direct3D 11 runtime. Windows 8 has the same requirements as 7, but it can also use software rendering when compatible video hardware is absent.
Hardware virtualization software that emulate hardware required for DWM include VirtualBox 4.1 and later, VMware Fusion 3.0 and later, and VMware Workstation 7.0 onwards. In addition, Windows Virtual PC allows composition using the Remote Desktop Protocol.

</doc>
<doc id="2933351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933351" title="Filter (magazine)">
Filter (magazine)

FILTER is a seasonal American music and off-beat entertainment magazine. It features commentary and photos of up-and-coming musicians and filmmakers ranging from actors to writer-directors. Each season's (Winter, Spring, Summer, Fall, and Holiday) issue highlights a reasonably well-known cover artist while also taking a look at smaller artists under the heading "Getting to Know". The magazine also includes reviews of forthcoming albums and DVDs.
The magazine used to contain a "PSSST!" compilation with each issue. Its tagline is "Good music will prevail".
The publication helps to bring indie music to the forefront through its reporting while also highlighting established artists in long-form interviews.
"FILTER" is published by Alan Miller and Alan Sartirana. Its editor-in-chief is Pat McGuire, its associate editor is Breanna Murphy and its layout designer is Melissa Simonian.
"FILTER" also has a marketing arm which operates independently of the print publication.

</doc>
<doc id="2933354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933354" title="Pacific Fair Shopping Centre">
Pacific Fair Shopping Centre

Pacific Fair is a major shopping centre in Broadbeach on the Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia, and was Queensland's largest regional shopping centre until 2006.
Its major stores include a four-level Myer, Kmart, Target, Coles and Toys "R" Us. Daimaru operated in the centre before its Australian withdrawal, albeit briefly. It has a 12 screen Birch Carroll and Coyle Cinema, a home and leisure centre and a crystal photography studio.
Pacific Fair is a major public transport interchange on the Gold Coast, serviced by Surfside Buslines. Nearby is Dracula's Cabaret Restaurant, Jupiters Hotel and Casino and Gold Coast Convention and Exhibition Centre. Pacific Fair fronts Little Tallebudgera Creek and is the southern end of the Surfers Riverwalk.
This shopping centre was featured on the third season of "The Mole". The assignment in that show involved contestants Pete Moore and Bob Young having to find two treasures in the shopping centre, and the other contestants were required to tail them without being caught.
Redevelopment.
Within the aforementioned development will be a brand new David Jones store that will span two levels and cover 14,500 sq. m. In total an extra 42,700 sq. m. It will be located where the existing Target and Toys "R" Us are located and span further west into the development. Target and Toys "R" Us will relocate elsewhere within the centre. This store will compete with the existing Robina Town Centre store located nearby that was recently redeveloped. Development will surround the new store with restaurants to its north and fashion to its south, parking to its west and the existing centre to its east.
The expansion will include an outdoor leisure and entertainment precinct and increase the number of speciality stores to 400. Work is expected to commence in 2013 and to be complete by 2016.

</doc>
<doc id="2933357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933357" title="Iwan Thomas">
Iwan Thomas

Iwan Gwyn Thomas MBE (born 5 January 1974 in Farnborough, London Borough of Bromley) is a sprinter who represented Great Britain and Northern Ireland at the Olympic Games in the 400 m, and Wales at the Commonwealth Games. Thomas is the current UK record holder at 400 m with a time of 44.36 seconds and is a former European and Commonwealth games champion. He is also the current holder of the Commonwealth Games record in the 400 m.
Biography.
His initial athletics breakthrough came at the World Junior Championships in 1992 as part of the British 4x400 m relay team that finished fifth. Thomas attended Stamford School and West London Institute of Higher Education, where he studied Sports Science and Geography. While still at university, he took part in the 1994 Commonwealth Games 400 m where he reached the semi-finals, representing Wales. From there, he was selected to represent Britain in the relay at the 1995 European Athletics Cup and secured his first championship gold medal.
Thomas's coach for much of his running career was Mike Smith, formerly coach to British 400 m runners Roger Black, Todd Bennett and Paul Harmsworth also hurdler Kris Akabusi. Thomas was made an MBE in 1998.
Olympics.
At the 1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta, Thomas finished 5th in the final and took a silver medal in the 4x400 m event. He also represented Britain in the 2000 Olympics but was not selected for the individual event and despite running the fastest leg for the British team, did not secure a medal.
World Championships.
Thomas was a member of the Great Britain 4x400m team at the 1997 World Athletics Championships in Athens. The team (Iwan Thomas, Roger Black, Jamie Baulch and Mark Richardson) finished second by 0.18 seconds to the United States. However, in 2008, US team member Antonio Pettigrew, who ran the second leg of the final, testified in the court case against trainer Trevor Graham that he had been aided by performance-
enhancing substances between 1997 and 2001, including the 1997 World Championships. As the International Amateur Athletics Federation did not, as of 2008, change results retrospectively more than eight years after the event, the GB team was not awarded the gold medal retrospectively, although Pettigrew has returned his medals won in that period.
On 7 January 2010 it was announced that Great Britain's 1997 World Championship 4x400m relay team were to be awarded the gold medal they were denied by the disqualified USA team. New medals were minted for the ceremony, as not all of the American quartet returned the originals. Thomas received his gold medal in May 2010 in a presentation by Alun Ffred Jones at Cardiff Bay.
Injury setbacks.
Thomas' career was hampered by injury including a stress fracture to his ankle in 1999 that required telescopic surgery. He was again injured in 2003 with damage to his Achilles. Further injury in 2004 ruled him out of the 2004 Olympic Games.
Thomas was selected in 2006 for the Welsh team for the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne, Australia, but was unable to compete due to an injury.
Retirement.
Iwan never officially retired from athletics but took the opportunity to do so when offered by Andy Goldstein on 3 July 2012 edition of the Andy Goldstien's Sports Bar on TalkSPORT.
Outside athletics.
Personal life.
Thomas lives in Southampton. After winning Deadline, he bought himself a Ducati 1098 motorcycle. He is a lifelong supporter of Tottenham Hotspur Football Club, even though he may latterly also have become a supporter of Southampton Football Club, and in 2010 he became an ambassador for The Saints Foundation, the charity set up by Southampton FC.
Television work.
Thomas worked as a guest presenter of the Children's television show 'Best Of Friends', alongside Darren Campbell and Zöe Salmon.
He is a regular panelist on BBC Two's "Through The Keyhole", was a contestant on "Superstars" on both BBC One and Five and took part in BBC One's "Hole In The Wall". He has also been a contestant on BBC One's "Celebrity MasterChef", and "The Real Hustle". 
Thomas can also be seen as a regular guest of Channel 5's "The Wright Stuff". On 18 July 2008 Thomas admitted that he once fell asleep on live TV after "having a few sneaky beers in the Green Room before the show". He was not specific about the programme but did admit that the presenter was Eamonn Holmes. He starred in "Daily Cooks Challenge" as a judge alongside presenter Antony Worrall Thompson.
Iwan took part in a celebrity version of TV show Total Wipeout which aired on 18 September 2010.
Iwan took part in a celebrity version of TV show Egg Heads which aired on 22 December 2010.
Iwan took part in a celebrity version of the children's TV show Jungle Run. 
Iwan took part in the celebrity games of the Million Pound Drop Live broadcast on Friday 10 August 2012 
Other activities.
Iwan Thomas joined the Ecover Sailing Team in 2009 as part of an Extreme 40 event. He was the fifth man on their boat on 31 July, racing catamarans around Egypt Point in Cowes, for a practice day of the iShares cup.

</doc>
<doc id="2933359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933359" title="Montroc">
Montroc

Montroc is a hamlet in eastern France, located in the territory of the commune of Chamonix.
Montroc was partially destroyed on the 9th of February 1999 by a slab avalanche on Mont Blanc killing 12 people. In July, 2003, the Mayor of Chamonix, Michel Charlet, received a three month suspended prison sentence for his part in the handling of events immediately prior to the avalanche.
The avalanche was not on Mont Blanc, which is around 12 kilometres further down the valley, but on Mont Péclerey directly above Montroc.

</doc>
<doc id="2933361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933361" title="Quantum calculus">
Quantum calculus

Quantum calculus, sometimes called calculus without limits, is equivalent to traditional infinitesimal calculus without the notion of limits. It defines "q-calculus" and "h-calculus". h ostensibly stands for Planck's constant while "q" stands for quantum. The two parameters are related by the formula
where formula_2 is the reduced Planck constant.
Differentiation.
In the q-calculus and h-calculus, differentials of functions are defined as
and
respectively. Derivatives of functions are then defined as fractions by the q-derivative
and by
In the limit, as h goes to 0, or equivalently as q goes to 1, these expressions take on the form of the derivative of classical calculus.
Integration.
q-integral.
A function F(x) is a q-antiderivative of f(x) if DqF(x)=f(x). The q-antiderivative (or q-integral) is denoted by formula_7 and an expression for F(x) can be found from the formula 
formula_8 which is called the Jackson integral of f(x). For 0 < q < 1, the series converges to a function F(x) on an interval (0,A] if |f(x)x^α| is bounded on the interval (0,A] for some 0 <= α < 1.
The q-integral is a Riemann-Stieltjes integral with respect to a step function having infinitely many points of increase at the points qj, with the jump at the point qj being qj. If we call this step function gq(t) then dgq(t) = dqt.
h-integral.
A function F(x) is an h-antiderivative of f(x) if DhF(x)=f(x). The h-antiderivative (or h-integral) is denoted by formula_9. If a and b differ by an integer multiple of h then the definite integralformula_10 is given by a Riemann sum of f(x) on the interval [a,b] partitioned into subintervals of width h.
Example.
The derivative of the function formula_11 (for some positive integer formula_12) in the classical calculus is formula_13. The corresponding expressions in q-calculus and h-calculus are
with the q-bracket
and
respectively. The expression formula_17 is then the q-calculus analogue of the simple power rule for
positive integral powers. In this sense, the function formula_11 is still "nice" in the q-calculus, but rather
ugly in the h-calculus – the h-calculus analog of formula_11 is instead the falling factorial, formula_20
One may proceed further and develop, for example, equivalent notions of Taylor expansion, et cetera, and even arrive at q-calculus analogues for all of the usual functions one would want to have, such as an analogue for the sine function whose q-derivative is the appropriate analogue for the cosine.
History.
The h-calculus is just the calculus of finite differences, which had been studied by George Boole and others, and has proven useful in a number of fields, among them combinatorics and fluid mechanics. The q-calculus, while dating in a sense back to Leonhard Euler and Carl Gustav Jacobi, is only recently beginning to see more usefulness in quantum mechanics, having an intimate connection with commutativity relations and Lie algebra.

</doc>
<doc id="2933364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933364" title="Shaobing">
Shaobing

For other uses see Shao bing (disambiguation)
Shaobing (shāo bǐng), also written shao bing or sao bing, is a type of baked, layered flatbread bread in Chinese cuisine. Shaobing can be made with or without stuffing, and with or without sesame on top. Shaobing contains a variety of stuffings that can be grouped into two main flavors: savory or sweet. Some common stuffings include red bean paste, black sesame paste, and stir-fried mung beans with egg and tofu.
Shaobing is not very well known in southern China, unlike other northern dishes like mantou, baozi, and youtiao. Some unique varieties of shaobing can be completely unheard of in the south. Different types of shaobing are often associated with certain cities and towns.
Shaobing is a common breakfast item. Filled shaobing are usually eaten with soy milk and tea, while unfilled ones are usually eaten with steamed eggs or a breakfast meat dish. In the Mandarin cuisine tradition, shaobing are served with hot pot ("huǒguō") in winter or soy milk.
Miscellaneous.
Liu Ji was one of the most famous scholars of the Ming dynasty. He presented a cryptic lyrical song titled "Shaobing Song" (燒餅歌) to the Zhu Yuanzhang emperor. The song supposedly predicted the future of China.
Image gallery.
Taiwanese sesame paste shaobing:

</doc>
<doc id="2933367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933367" title="Brandon Maggart">
Brandon Maggart

Brandon Maggart (born 12 December 1933) is an American actor, painter and author.
Life and career.
Maggart was born Roscoe Maggart, Jr. in Carthage, Tennessee. His acting career began in the early 1950s, at The University of Tennessee. He sang with The Knoxville Symphony and won a coveted Grace Moore Award for further study in New York. Once in New York, he won the Theatre World Award for his performance in the musical revue, Put it in Writing. He appeared as Buddy in the "Buddy and Jim" sketches with James Catusi in the first season of "Sesame Street", in 1969. In 1970, he was nominated for a Tony Award for Best Performance by a Featured Actor in a Musical for his role in "Applause". He played Harry Stadling in the cult film, "Christmas Evil", and Cleveland Sam in "Dressed to Kill", both in 1980. In 1982 he played Garp's wrestling coach in "The World According to Garp". He then played George Elliot in the short lived NBC series "Jennifer Slept Here" with Georgia Engel and Ann Jillian in 1983. He was also a cast member of the groundbreaking Showtime original comedy "Brothers", where he played Lou Waters. The show was on the air from 1984 to 1989. For his role on "Brothers", Maggart was nominated for four Cable ACE awards (for Best Actor in a Comedy Series) in 1985, 1986, 1988 and 1989. Later in 1989, following up his role on "Brothers", he appeared as Lynn Redgrave's brother on the short-lived, and much talked about Jackie Mason sitcom "Chicken Soup". In 1990, he had a notable guest turn on the Fox sitcom "Babes", playing the ex-husband of Susan Peretz's character, Darlene Gilbert. Since that time he has devoted much of his time to painting and writing. His paintings have been featured on The Venice Art Walk. His poem, Diversity in Venice was read at The Venice Centennial in 2005. His first book, is an autobiographical memoir called Papa's Footprint. It tells the tale of a four million year old actor and father, from Africa to Broadway and Hollywood. His next book is a novel entitled On The Fancy. It will be published in the Spring of 2013.
Personal life.
Maggart has been married once; with his wife, LuJan, they had five children, Jennifer, Spencer, Justine (now deceased) Julienne and Garett. He has two daughters, Amber and Fiona, with former singer Diane McAfee. Spencer Maggart (also known as Brandon, Jr.) is now a writer/director, and Garett Maggart has been a well-known TV and movie actor for many years, at times working with Brandon on some projects. Amber is better known in show business as cabaret singer Maude Maggart, and Fiona, as singer Fiona Apple.

</doc>
<doc id="2933368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933368" title="Fountain Green, Illinois">
Fountain Green, Illinois

Fountain Green is an unincorporated community located about eleven miles northeast of Carthage, Illinois, United States in Fountain Green Township, Hancock County, Illinois.
Geography.
Fountain Green is located at at an elevation of 682 feet.
History.
One of the earliest settlers in this area was Mordecai Lincoln, who, somewhat prior to 1830, led a group from Kentucky in an attempt to establish a Catholic settlement in this part of Illinois, presaging by several years the Mormon settlement in nearby Nauvoo. He was followed by other southerners who were mostly Baptist in faith, including Baptists who had lived close to Mordecai near Springfield, Kentucky. Some of the Baptists settled along Baptist Creek to the northeast of Fountain Green.
The Catholic settlement foundered, in part because of the difficulty in obtaining a parish priest. The Baptist theology was better able to cope with such problems on the frontier.
In the 1850s coal was discovered, and railroads were extended into the area. With the railroads came coal miners from Pennsylvania. The coal miners were mainly descendants of Northern Irish Protestants who had fled the Irish Rebellion of 1798. An Irish Protestant church (Calvinist) was soon established in Fountain Green, attracting members from the earlier groups. This seems to have been a local manifestation of the general movement in the North away from the Baptist church, which, in the 1850s, supported slavery.
By 1880, Irish Catholics began settling in the area to work the mines, establishing new Catholic churches and cemeteries in nearby communities, with no apparent recognition of the earlier settlement, which seems to have been forgotten.
The original Catholic settlers are buried in the Old Catholic or Lincoln Cemetery near Fountain Green.

</doc>
<doc id="2933370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933370" title="Chris Armstrong (ice hockey)">
Chris Armstrong (ice hockey)

Christopher Ryan Armstrong (born June 26, 1975) is a retired professional ice hockey defenceman who most recently played for the Springfield Falcons of the American Hockey League. Armstrong was born in Regina, Saskatchewan, but grew up in Whitewood, Saskatchewan.
Playing career.
Chris Armstrong was drafted by the Florida Panthers of the National Hockey League in the 1993 NHL Entry Draft in the third round, 57th overall. He never played a game for the Panthers, though. The Nashville Predators claimed him in the 1998 NHL Expansion Draft and then in 1999 he was signed as a free agent by the San Jose Sharks.
The Minnesota Wild then claimed him in the 2000 NHL Expansion Draft. After spells in the IHL, and AHL, he finally made the jump to the NHL for three games in the 2000–01 season with the Wild. His tenure as a Wild did not last long, though, as the New York Islanders signed him as a free agent in 2001.
He did not play his next NHL game until after he was signed as a free agent by the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim in 2003. He played four games for the Ducks in the 2003–04 season. In seven NHL games, he has no goals, one assist, one point, and no penalty minutes.
Returning to America for the 2009–10 season, Armstrong eventually signed as a free agent with the Springfield Falcons of the AHL on December 5, 2009.
Family.
Chris Armstrong is the first cousin of Canadian Model and Television Personality "Ron Wear" of Vancouver Television's VTV and The Change - Fab to FIT! (c). Wear is also a former Mister World Canada and Mister International Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2933376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933376" title="Sickle tail">
Sickle tail

The sickle tail is the single phenotypic characteristic that seems to separate dogs from wolves. Dogs who have tails tend to have an upward curve in the tail, which is called the sickle tail. Wolves' tails, on the other hand, hang straight; this is called the brush tail—similar to that of a fox.

</doc>
<doc id="2933388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933388" title="Mass Effect (video game)">
Mass Effect (video game)

Mass Effect is a 2007 science fiction action role-playing third person shooter video game developed by BioWare for the Xbox 360 and ported to Microsoft Windows by Demiurge Studios. The Xbox 360 version was released worldwide in November 2007, published by Microsoft Game Studios. The Microsoft Windows version was released on May 28, 2008, published by Electronic Arts. A PlayStation 3 version was released through the "Mass Effect Trilogy" and digitally as a standalone title on PlayStation Network in December 2012.
The game takes place in the year 2183, with the player assuming direct control of an elite human soldier named Commander Shepard and setting out to explore the Galaxy on a starship, the SSV "Normandy". The eponymous "mass effect" is a form of inertia-suppressing technology, allowing faster-than-light travel.
A sequel, "Mass Effect 2", was released on January 26, 2010, and takes place two years after the events of the first game. "Mass Effect 2" also directly uses players' completed save data from the first game to influence events and storylines within the second game, basing certain events and narrative threads on decisions and actions that the player made in the first game.
In addition to the sequel a third game was released in March 2012 to complete the trilogy. BioWare has also released episodic content online to fill in the story between each game, though these episodes are not essential for understanding the main plot line. The first downloadable content package, "Bring Down the Sky", was released on March 10, 2008 (with a PC version released on July 29, 2008). The second downloadable content package, "Pinnacle Station", was released on August 25, 2009, for the PC and Xbox 360.
Gameplay.
Classes.
Although most of the game's screen shots and concept art show the same "default" male/female Commander Shepard, it is possible for the player to fully customize his or her character's appearance, gender, abilities and even military background.
The game includes six character classes. Each class contains several "talents"; as each talent is leveled, the character either gains stats (extra health, stamina, etc), unlocks new abilities (for example leveling the Shotgun talent unlocks the "Carnage" ability, which allows the character to fire a concentrated explosive blast from the shotgun), or unlocks other talents. Each class also possesses a unique talent with the same name as its respective class; the characters may also have talents tied to their background. Characters who have reached level 20 will unlock a "Rogue VI" side-mission on Luna (Earth's moon) in the Sol System, upon the completion of which the player is allowed to choose a new specialist class, which in turn unlocks a new talent bar. The specialist class the character is offered depends on the base class.
When characters are first created, six classes are available: Soldier, Engineer, Adept, Infiltrator, Sentinel, and Vanguard. Soldiers are the most skilled with weaponry, Engineers make the most use of the omni-tool and tech-abilities, and Adepts are the best at using biotic powers. The other three classes are combinations of the first three: Infiltrators are a combination of Soldiers and Engineers, Sentinels are a combination of Engineers and Adepts, and Vanguards are a combination of Soldiers and Adepts. While the combination classes do not have the focus of the main classes, they are versatile and offer unique game-play opportunities. (Vanguards, for example, have access to half of the soldier skills and half of the Adept skills).
Players also have some control over their character's back story. They are able to choose to have been either a "spacer" (born and bred in space), a "colonist" (born on one of Earth's extra-solar colonies), or "Earth-born" (hailing from the streets of one of Earth's cities). They also choose whether they have been the sole survivor of a terrible battle, a war hero, or a ruthless soldier. These backgrounds have only a small effect in the game, although many characters will reference the player's chosen background when talking to Commander Shepard. The character's background can also affect whether some side quests are available or not. With only a few exceptions, the character's background does not directly affect the player's dialogue choices.
Dialogue and morality.
Previous BioWare titles such as "" and "Jade Empire" employed a conversation system where the player chose from several responses after non-player characters (NPCs) had finished speaking. "Mass Effect" has a system in which responses to NPCs are displayed as the general tone of the message, rather than a word-for-word transcription of the message (e.g., if the player chooses "You're worrying too much," Shepard might actually say, "You always expect the worst").
A radial command menu, divided into six equal sections like a pie chart, is shown at the bottom of the screen when a conversation is initiated. Each section is assigned a brief description of the response's intent, usually a short phrase such as "What's going on?" The response is selected by moving the analog stick (or the mouse in the Windows version) in the direction of the desired response on the circle and pressing a button. The command menu is organised such that each section is assigned a particular inclination (being nice, aggressive, etc.), so that after players have become comfortable with the system they no longer have to read the menu, and are able to respond appropriately, immediately, if desired. BioWare intended the system to allow the game to be more cinematic and free players from reading large amounts of dialogue, as would be required with the commonly used system of simply having the player choose from complete, sometimes long, written statements.
Dialogue is central to the game's morality system. The side story and the number of character interaction choices in "Mass Effect" are affected by the player's chosen morality. Unlike in BioWare's previous titles, emphasis on becoming a pure "good" or pure "evil" character is lessened. The overall story is also affected by the player's personal choices. Project Director Casey Hudson of BioWare has said "player's style of play throughout the game will result in diverging endings that determine the fate of humanity itself," affecting not only the first installment, but also the planned sequels. Morality is mostly determined by the player's choices during conversations.
Hudson has further stated that instead of the "good" and "evil" approach that past BioWare games have taken, "Mass Effect" morality is based on giving points as a "Paragon" for choosing more polite and professional military actions, or as a "Renegade" for taking a more ruthless and take-no-prisoners approach. "Paragon" and "Renegade" points are scored on two separate scales (i.e. taking a "Paragon" option does not negate a past "Renegade" option), as opposed to other BioWare titles such as "Knights of the Old Republic" in which morality points were scored on a single scale so that making a "Light Side" choice negated the morality change characters underwent for making a "Dark Side" choice. NPCs react to a character differently depending on their past morality choices.
Combat and abilities.
Combat in "Mass Effect" takes place in real time, but the player can pause at any time to change the squad's weapons, select different abilities for the squad members to use, or to give general squad orders. The player and his allies use firearms (modifiable with various upgrades throughout the game), Tech abilities (to interfere with enemy equipment and abilities), and biotics (sometimes artificially induced and/or amplified psychokinetic attacks) to fight their enemies. Players directly control their character's actions as well as their squadmates' attacks, but cannot take direct command of their squadmates. They can, however, issue commands using the directional pad, allowing the player to tell other characters to get behind cover, regroup, attack a specific target, or to scout ahead. Weapons and abilities of the squad members are selected via the use of two "wheel" interfaces: one for the weapons at the squad's disposal, and the other listing the available powers of each squad member and their respective recharge times. The command interface was reworked for the Windows version into displays on either side of the HUD for each squad member.
The abilities and special powers that characters have at their disposal are determined by the skill sets assigned to them at the beginning of the game and how further earned experience points have been allotted since then. Some special abilities include a biotic lift that can be used to pick up objects and enemies, and a tech ability that reduces the shields of enemies. Two other abilities, Charm and Intimidate, are dependent on points, storyline progression, and the amount of Paragon or Renegade points the player attains; raising the levels of these will not unlock any attacks, but instead open new dialogue options within the game.
Special abilities that the player can use in the game are tech abilities and biotics. Tech abilities are support powers used against enemy weapons and technology, as well as biotics. They are activated through the omni-tool, which three of the main classes can use: Engineers, Infiltrators, and Sentinels. These abilities include destroying enemy shields, sabotaging enemy weaponry, and hacking robotic enemies to fire on their own squad. Tech abilities also have passive uses, such as the Electronics talent, which allows the party to open locked crates or salvage components from wrecks. Biotics are powers accessed by the characters using implants that enhance natural abilities to manipulate dark energy, with mass effect fields. These abilities include hurling enemies around with the mind, raising shields that are resistant to enemy fire but still allow the player to fire through them, and creating small singularities that cause enemies and destructible parts of the environment to swirl about. Three of the main character classes are able to use these powers: Adepts (the main biotics class), Vanguards, and Sentinels.
Weapons and equipment.
"Mass Effect" features four classes of conventional firearms pistols, shotguns, assault rifles, and sniper rifles. There are also grenades, along with a variety of weapon and armor upgrades. The player can pause the game at any time and change the equipment used by the members of the party. This is a major strategic aspect of the gameplay, as choosing the correct equipment can mean the difference between a quick victory and defeat. Equipped items are visible on the characters; the armors have different appearances and all weapons fold up into compact versions that are stored on the character's back. Weapons can be retrieved by using a weapon wheel similar to the talent wheel.
Ammunition is unlimited; instead of needing to reload, a weapon will build up heat until it overheats, and cannot fire until it has sufficiently cooled down. In-game, the reasoning for this is that weapons are loaded with "blocks" of ammunition material, and each round fired is sheared off from this central supply of ammunition. The rounds themselves are described as being the size of a "grain of sand" and are launched through mass accelerator technology at extremely high speeds. Firing a weapon continuously or using a weapon that one is untrained with will result in decreased accuracy, represented by an expanding targeting reticle. The more Talent points that are spent on a weapon type, the greater the weapon type's accuracy and damage.
The characters wear dual layer hardsuits which serve as combat and EVA suits. There are three classifications of hardsuits: light, medium, and heavy armour. These suits provide a limitless supply of oxygen, as well as temporary protection from many planetary hazards like heat and radiation. Heavier suits are vulnerable to fewer hazards, but cause characters to move slower. The suits also come equipped with kinetic barriers, which act as shields against incoming fire. Aside from Liara, who is able to wear human armor, each non-human character requires a different type of armor corresponding to their race. Biotic- or tech-wielding characters can also upgrade their biotic amps or omni-tools to give bonuses to their attacks or reduce their cooldown periods.
The equipment found by the player generally increases in both stats and cost as the player levels up, denoted by a class marking from I to X. Higher class weapons and armor also have more upgrade slots than their lower-class counterparts. Upgrades found in the game fall into one of four categories: weapon upgrades, armor upgrades, ammo upgrades, and grenade upgrades. Weapon and armor upgrades add to certain stats of the item they are put in, such as accuracy or shields, while ammo and grenade upgrades grant such things as fire damage or reduced speed when shot or thrown at enemies.
Travel.
The SSV "Normandy", the player character's ship, and a technological marvel in the setting of the game, serves as the primary mode of transportation. Since the game spans the galaxy, many trips have to be made from planet to planet. Players choose destinations by selecting them through a galactic map of the Milky Way. The galaxy is divided into numerous levels of organization, shrinking in scale from star clusters, to star systems, and finally down to planets.
Travel through the "Mass Effect" universe is aided through the use of Mass Relays, which are technological artifacts that are capable of transporting vessels nearly instantaneously between star clusters and systems, and resemble a gimbal having two rings. There are two types of Mass Relays: primary and secondary. Primary relays are linked with a twin, and so have a single line of travel, but can span as many as a hundred thousand light years, according to the game's Codex. Secondary relays are omnidirectional and can send ships to any relay within its limited range of about a hundred light years.
Once the player decides on a system to visit, several options are available. Some planets are simply there to complete the system. Others can only be surveyed for valuable materials. Some astral bodies such as asteroids, moons, and small space freighters are also available for survey. Finally, some planets can be landed on and explored. The player can move about on foot or using an all-terrain armored personnel carrier called the M35 Mako. Some segments of the game feature combat requiring the use of this vehicle. Most main story segments (and many side missions) are geared toward on-foot shooter action.
Although the game follows a main story, "Mass Effect" includes a large number of side missions and free-roam "uncharted worlds" that can be reached by selecting them through the galactic map. Virtually every world is part of a side mission, whether the player has uncovered the mission or not. Normally, Shepard will be contacted as a solar system is selected to be briefed on the side mission by Admiral Hackett, of the Alliance Fifth Fleet, if the system contains a side mission that's of direct interest to the Alliance military.
Synopsis.
"Mass Effect".
Project Director Casey Hudson explained the term "Mass Effect" as follows:
Hudson explains that certain creatures are evolved to sense and manipulate mass effect much like some real-life creatures such as sharks and electric eels can sense and manipulate electromagnetism in peculiar ways. Some humans are preternaturally capable of these abilities, which can be enhanced via brain implants, and the trained manipulation of Mass Effect is referred to as "biotics".
The game's technology centers around a fictional substance called "element zero", or more informally "eezo". When element zero is exposed to an electrical current, it creates a "mass effect field" which alters the mass of anything inside the field; a positive current causes increases, and a negative current decreases. This allows the creation of "kinetic barriers," science-fiction style artificial gravity, and faster-than-light travel, amongst other things.
Setting.
"Mass Effect" is set in the year 2183. Thirty-five years earlier, humankind discovered a cache of technology on Mars, supposedly built by a technologically advanced but long-extinct race called the Protheans. Studying and adapting this technology, humanity has managed to break free of the solar system and has established numerous colonies and encountered various extraterrestrial species within the Milky Way galaxy. Utilizing alien artifacts known as Mass Relays, the various space-faring races are able to travel instantly across vast stretches of the galaxy. Within the game, humanity has formed the Human Systems Alliance, one of many independent bodies that make up the collective of "Citadel space".
The Human Systems Alliance is a rising power in the galactic stage. The only war they have participated in was the "First Contact War" in 2157. A human exploration expedition was activating dormant mass relays (which was a practice considered unsafe by Citadel races, as it resulted in the Rachni Wars described below). The turians attacked the small fleet and proceeded to capture the closest human world, Shanxi. The turians proceeded to starve out the remaining humans and occupy the planet. Facing starvation the human garrison surrendered to the Turian Hierarchy. One month later, the human Second Fleet responded by annihilating the turian fleet around Shanxi. In response the turians prepared for full scale war. The Citadel Council saw that humanity would either be annihilated or annexed by the turians and stepped in. The humans were then given an embassy in the Citadel Council.
Citadel space, as a whole, is ruled by a conglomerate body of governments known as the Council, which is made up of members of the three prominent alien races: the asari, a mono-gender race of aliens which closely resemble blue-skinned human females; the short-lived amphibian salarians; and the raptor-like turians. Other alien species seen in the game include the environmental suited quarians, the reptilian krogan, the four-eyed, humanoid batarians, the aquatic hanar, the methodical, monotonous-voiced and quadrupedal elcor, and the pressure-suit wearing volus. Dozens of other aliens are assumed to exist throughout the galaxy, but are not seen or mentioned in the game.
Much history and exposition is given by the "Codex", an in-game encyclopedia whose entries expand as the player investigates new locations and asks questions of its residents. Three historical wars, predating human presence in Citadel space, are of particular relevance to players.
The game takes place primarily in two locations: the prototype frigate SSV "Normandy", and the Citadel, a gigantic, ancient space station supposedly built by the Protheans and which currently acts as the center of galactic civilization. Throughout the game, however, the player may navigate the "Normandy" to various planets, moons and other destinations.
Characters.
The player takes control of Commander Shepard, a veteran soldier who can be customized by the player. The character's appearance also varies based on the weaponry and armor the player uses. In addition to customizing Shepard's gender and appearance, players can also choose a back story for the character, which influences dialogue throughout the game, as well as which side missions will be available to the character.
The player's main character is almost always accompanied by two additional characters, providing support during battles and contributing to dialogue. These characters are not created by the player, and control over them is limited to directing squad movement and to the utilising of their technological/biotic abilities. While aboard the "Normandy", the player may construct relationships between Shepard and these characters, potentially opening up further assignments. There are six characters met in the game who will join the fight; each has a detailed back-story and hence their own reasons for wanting to help. Two of the characters are human and the other four are aliens.
The voice cast of "Mass Effect" includes:
Plot.
In 2183, the experimental SSV "Normandy" is sent to the human colony of Eden Prime to recover an unearthed Prothean beacon. To assist, the Citadel Council, the galaxy's primary governing body, sent Nihlus, a turian Spectre. In addition, Nihlus is also observing veteran soldier Commander Shepard, who is a candidate—notably the first human candidate—for becoming a member of Spectre corps, a force of peacekeepers who are above the law and answer directly to the Council.
Nihlus, Shepard, and biotic Kaidan Alenko land and meet Gunnery Chief Ashley Williams, who reveals that the colony is under attack by the robotic race known as the geth. The geth are led by a rogue turian Spectre named Saren Arterius, who kills Nihlus and activates the Prothean beacon. After the battle ends, Shepard locates the beacon and receives a vision showing scenes of war and death.
The "Normandy" and its crew are summoned by Ambassador Donnel Udina to the Citadel. Unfortunately, Shepard is unable to convince the Citadel Council of Saren's treason without solid evidence. Citadel Security officer Garrus Vakarian and krogan mercenary Urdnot Wrex lead Shepard to a quarian mechanic named Tali'Zorah nar Rayya, who possesses a recording of a conversation between Saren and an asari Matriarch named Benezia. In the recording, the two discuss their victory while also mentioning an artifact called the "Conduit" and the return of a force known as the Reapers. Confronted with this evidence, the Council revokes Saren's Spectre status and makes Shepard the first human Spectre. Shepard is ordered to hunt down Saren with the assistance of Kaidan, Ashley, Garrus, Wrex, Tali, and pilot Jeff "Joker" Moreau.
Captain Anderson relinquishes command of the Normandy to Shepard, who uses it to follow several leads provided by Anderson and Udina. On Therum, Shepard rescues the archaeologist Dr. Liara T'soni, Matriarch Benezia's daughter. Liara joins Shepard's squad because of her biotic abilities and expertise in the Protheans. On the colony of Feros, Shepard fights off Saren's forces and the Thorian, a sentient plant-like creature allied with Saren that can control individuals. From these agents, Shepard learns that Saren's flagship, "Sovereign", also possesses unique mind-control capabilities. On Noveria, Shepard tracks down Matriarch Benezia while fighting off both the geth and the rachni, an insectoid race once thought to be extinct. Benezia is eventually defeated, revealing that she and Saren are being controlled by "Sovereign". Shepard is also confronted with a rachni queen, who has been revived by Saren in the hopes of creating an army, and must decide whether to release or kill her.
After completing these missions, the Council informs Shepard that a salarian infiltration unit has uncovered Saren's main base on Virmire. Upon arrival, Shepard learns that Saren has discovered a cure for the krogan disease known as the genophage. Using it, he plans to breed an army of unstoppable krogan warriors. When Wrex finds out about the cure, he betrays the team and Shepard must either kill Wrex, have Ashley kill him, or convince him to stand down. After this conflict, Shepard assists the salarians in destroying the base by planting a nuclear improvised explosive device in it. Shepard leads the infiltration team, while salarian Captain Kirrahe leads a diversionary attack with the assistance of either Ashley or Kaidan.
Inside the base, Shepard is confronted by Sovereign, who reveals itself to be an actual Reaper. Sovereign explains that the Reapers remain outside the Milky Way Galaxy, waiting for organic life to develop, discover the Citadel, and Mass Relays. Upon reaching their peak, all sentient organic lifeforms are harvested by the Reapers. Saren attacks and claims that his allegiance to Sovereign will save organic life forms by demonstrating their "usefulness" to the Reapers. After Saren retreats, Shepard soon receives news that both Ashley and Kaidan have become pinned down. Shepard has only enough time to save one of them; the other is killed in the nuclear detonation.
With the information Shepard's squad has gained, Liara is able to pinpoint the Conduit's location on a Prothean world known as Ilos. Shepard follows Saren into the planet and encounters a Prothean computer intelligence named Vigil, which explains the Reapers' methodology. Vigil explains that the Citadel Station is actually a huge mass relay that the Reapers use to invade the galaxy. During the last extinction cycle, a few Protheans survived on Ilos via cryogenic suspension and then re-entered the Citadel via the Conduit, a reverse-engineered miniature mass relay disguised aboard the station as a statue. The scientists managed to sabotage the process that would summon the Reapers in order to prevent future extinction cycles from succeeding. Saren plans to undo this sabotage, and needs the Conduit to get him inside the Citadel.
Shepard pursues Saren through the Conduit, arriving at the Citadel as it is under attack by "Sovereign" and a massive geth force. Shepard fights through and confronts Saren, who has received cybernetic augmentations. Shepard can fight Saren or convince him to rebel. If convinced, Saren commits suicide, thanking Shepard for his freedom.
The Citadel Fleet has custody of the Council but is losing the battle. Meanwhile, Joker informs Shepard of a human Systems Alliance fleet massing to counterattack. Shepard can order the Alliance fleet to save the Council and risk heavy casualties, go directly after "Sovereign" while risking the death of the Council, or even abandon the Council. Regardless, Saren's corpse is reanimated by Sovereign, who then attacks Shepard while simultaneously fighting off the Alliance in ship form. Eventually, humanity prevails, and Saren's corpse is destroyed while "Sovereign" is dispatched by the "Normandy".
The precise ending of the game depends on several factors, including the fate of the Council and whether Shepard has taken a Paragon or Renegade path. If Shepard chose to save the Council, the Council will thank humanity and add a human member to their ranks; the other two choices will result in the death of the Council, letting humanity take over. Regardless of outcome, Shepard is then asked to nominate either Anderson or Udina to this new leadership position. Shepard does so, then turns away from the proceedings, vowing to end the Reaper threat.
Themes.
"Mass Effects story primarily falls within the space opera genre and explores themes such as freedom of thought, space colonization, bigotry (of aliens towards humans, and vice-versa), vigilantism, and artificial intelligence. The story, with its human-vs.-machine elements, has drawn comparisons to both Fred Saberhagen's "Berserker" novels and "Battlestar Galactica", as well as to Frederik Pohl's "Gateway" novels. The elements of machine culling organic life are similar to Alastair Reynolds' Revelation Space. The Citadel and its governing structure seems to draw influence from Babylon 5, with the SpecTRes being comparable with the Anla'shok (Rangers) of that same universe. According to Casey Hudson, the project director at BioWare, the films "Aliens", "Blade Runner", "Star Wars", ' and "Starship Troopers" all served as influences for the game.
Development.
BioWare announced "Mass Effect" on October 4, 2005, as an Xbox 360-exclusive game and part of a trilogy.
In January 2007, IGN interviewed BioWare's Casey Hudson, Project Director for "Mass Effect". Hudson gave IGN a lot of information about the game, including: the inspiration for the game, details on how BioWare has moved video game morality beyond simple good and evil, and information on character creation and combat.
IGN had another interview with Hudson in August 2007, detailing about the character creation process. That same month, "Mass Effect" received a release date of November 20, 2007 in North America. BioWare's CEO Ray Muzyka stated "With Mass Effect, BioWare is delivering an incredible next-gen gaming odyssey, our fans will journey through a vast, futuristic universe as they are challenged to make impactful decisions that will determine the very fate of the galaxy." Greg Zeschuk, President of BioWare, stated "The best games bring players into an immersive, realistic world that is fun to explore from beginning to end. We've achieved that in Mass Effect by putting the player at the center of a compelling, cinematic storyline full of realistic characters and hundreds of exciting locations."
Marketing.
Retail editions.
"Mass Effect" was released in both a Standard and Limited Edition of the game. The Limited Edition was available through pre-order only at online retailers GameStop, Electronics Boutique, Amazon.com, and Best Buy within the United States, and in-store in Mainland Europe. The Limited Edition features are as follows:
The Limited Edition was made available for pre-order at online retailers only in the United States and Canada, as well as in-stores only in Mainland Europe. A DVD containing content concerning the development of the game was also distributed to all those who pre-ordered the game in the United States at GameStop, Electronics Boutique, and some Best Buy locations. The bonus content DVD was also made available for those who pre-ordered the game in Australia at selected retailers, but the Limited Edition was not.
A Platinum Hits edition was released in North America on February 10, 2009, which included the features of the Limited Edition as well as the "Bring Down the Sky" expansion and additional developer documentaries, videos, and music.
Windows edition.
A Windows version of the game ported by Demiurge Studios was released May 28, 2008, with aspects of the game rebuilt in order to address criticisms of the earlier Xbox 360 version. In addition unlike the Xbox 360 version, the Windows version also includes an extra DVD (Disc Two) containing different language versions of the game. BioWare has announced that no collector's edition of the Windows version is going to be released. However, CD Projekt, the Polish publisher of "Mass Effect" released a limited edition version. This edition features:
The European edition of the Windows version included a second DVD with the game localized for German, French and Italian languages. A localized Japanese version of "Mass Effect" is in development for the Xbox 360.
Differences between the Microsoft Windows and Xbox 360 version.
For the Windows version of the game the following changes and gameplay improvements have been implemented.
Franchise.
"Mass Effect" was originally conceived as a trilogy, but EA has confirmed that "Mass Effect" "will be a franchise for for a very long time" indicating that the franchise may extend beyond the planned trilogy.
The next title in the series, "Mass Effect 2", uses much of the same game mechanics as the first title in the series. One of the first things known about "Mass Effect 2" was that players could import their "Mass Effect" save-files into the sequel and that decisions made by the player in the first game would continue to have influences on their character in the sequel. Players who have not played the first "Mass Effect" or choose not to import a save-file will start a new character in "Mass Effect 2", will be brought up to speed on the story elements that have taken place thus far in the series.
"Mass Effect 2" was released on January 26, 2010 in North America and January 29, 2010 in Europe. A teaser trailer for "Mass Effect 2" was released by BioWare on February 20, 2009.
An iOS iteration in the "Mass Effect" series was unveiled by BioWare on May 2, 2009. Titled "Mass Effect Galaxy", the game is a side-story in the series focusing on the character Jacob, who appears in "Mass Effect 2" as a party member. BioWare's Chris Priestly confirmed that "Mass Effect Galaxy" is not a prequel in the series, but rather a part of BioWare's plan to expand the series' universe.
Soundtrack.
The "Mass Effect Original Soundtrack" was composed and produced by Jack Wall and Sam Hulick, featuring additional music by Richard Jacques and David Kates. The soundtrack was published by Sumthing and released on November 20, 2007, and features 37 tracks including the song featured at the game's end—"M4, Part II" performed by Faunts. According to the liner notes and press release, the music was inspired by classic sci-fi movies such as "Blade Runner" and "Dune". Pieces of the soundtrack are featured in Video Games Live.
Downloadable content.
"Bring Down the Sky".
The first piece of downloadable content (DLC) was announced on February 6, 2008. The "Bring Down The Sky" pack was released on March 10, 2008 for the Xbox 360 as a paid download and on July 29, 2008 for Windows as a free download. It should also be noted that as of late January 2009, the DLC was made compatible with the Steam version, titled revision a. As with retail box copies, players will need to register their Steam serial number on BioWare's website in order to receive the serial number required for installing the DLC. However, later PC versions released had the DLC included within the original game itself.
"Bring Down the Sky" includes a new uncharted world that introduces the notorious and feared batarians, a humanoid species with four eyes. A batarian extremist group has hijacked a mobile asteroid station in the Asgard system, setting it on a collision course with the nearby colony world of Terra Nova. Only Commander Shepard can save the millions of innocent civilians before the asteroid completes its deadly descent. This mission is concurrent with the main storyline. BioWare has stated that the adventure should take ninety minutes to complete. The expansion also features an additional achievement awarded upon completion of the mission titled as "Colonial Savior" with a value of 50 points. Additionally, in the PC version of the game, a message may be found in a small music outpost on the asteroid when the computer inside is read twice. The message appears to be a humorous jab by the developers at those who stirred up the controversies surrounding the game's romance scenes upon its initial release.
"Pinnacle Station".
A documentary included with the release of the Platinum Hits edition of "Mass Effect" discussed the next downloadable content for "Mass Effect". Preston Watamaniuk went into further detail about the DLC stating: "Things we are working on right now, for the "Mass Effect" universe next ... we had something in "Mass Effect 1" that again, we were not able to pull off just because we did not have the time and we did not think we’d be able to do it well enough, which was a fight club or an arena. So we are actually working on that for our next downloadable content piece and we are hoping it will be really special..." Casey Hudson, project director for BioWare also added: "So we wanted to be able to give people a much more combat-oriented, lighter-story experience. You’re going to go to a kind of casino gaming fight club space station."
The DLC pack was revealed to be titled "Pinnacle Station" after it was leaked on the Swiss Xbox website; the only other information revealed about it was that the DLC would take approximately 2–3 hours to complete. The events on Pinnacle Station take the form of mission styles such as Timed, Hunt, Capture, and Survival. Once the player has beaten the eight initial missions, they are rewarded with four extra missions. When all twelve have been beaten, the player is able to attempt a five-minute Survival mission in which the odds are against them. The DLC pack was released on 25 August 2009 to mostly mediocre and negative reviews due to a lack of content and ingenuity.
Reception.
Xbox 360 reviews.
"Game Informer" awarded "Mass Effect" a 9.75 out of 10, declaring it "the next big franchise for science fiction junkies to latch onto... a huge step forward for video games," and that it "rings in a new age of interactive storytelling." The key negative points of the review were the balancing issues and problematic AI of the combat system. "Official Xbox Magazine" gave "Mass Effect" the sixth '10' in the magazine's history, raving, ""Mass Effect" is a great science-fiction novel in video game form. Meaning, it mixes the highest caliber of pure story with the decision making and raw action of the best games." The "OXM" reviewer also praised it saying "It's the best game I've ever played" and remarked that it had "The best story ever told in a videogame. Period." "Electronic Gaming Monthly" awarded "Mass Effect" a Gold Award with scores of 9, 9.5, and 9, also citing that the negative points of the review were balance issues with the character classes, as well as a steep learning curve with the Mako IFV. GameSpy and "X-Play" both gave it a 5 out of 5 and a special episode ""Mass Effect" takes interactive entertainment to breathtaking new heights and is wholeheartedly recommended. This is one of the best games of the year, and will undoubtedly be remembered as one of the greatest games ever made." Shacknews praised, "While the core gameplay is nothing new — sometimes disappointingly so — "Mass Effect" represents a generational jump in storytelling artistry." Slashdot's review also praised the storytelling, saying "storyline "Mass Effect" will have you laughing, furious, and deeply saddened — in some cases all about the same character." GameTrailers gave "Mass Effect" a 9.6 out of 10, one of its highest reviews ever. GameSpot reviewed the X360 version as "a great game with moments of brilliance and a number of small but significant obstacles that hold it back from reaching its true potential." It subsequently reviewed the PC version and gave it a higher score calling it "best choice for experiencing this excellent game."
IGN awarded the game a 9.4 of 10, and while saying it was "a new high mark for storytelling in games," it also pointed out a common criticism in most of the reviews for the game, that while "the RPG elements are outstanding," the "glitches, poor AI, and weak squad mechanics weigh the game down." Eurogamer stated in its review, ""Mass Effect" is most definitely a great game with an awful lot going for it — but one that does not quite deserve unquestioning praise." "Edge" commented that the game's RPG statistics did not blend well with its action elements, and concluded that the space opera setting failed to provide "the myth and exotica to adequately follow "Star Wars"". The game's cast of characters and overall tone were also criticised: "Few characters are actually worth the effort of conversation. 'Tell me more,' says your character. 'Please don't,' says the voice inside your head. Where are the vaudeville rogues in this galaxy? Where are the entertainers? … The game strives so hard to be taken seriously that it winds up feeling relentlessly dour." Naming "Mass Effect" "the best RPG of 2007", "GamePro" praised the game's story, depth and presentation, while criticizing the lengthy elevator ride sequences. In October 2008, IGN declared "Mass Effect" the Best Xbox 360 game.
According to updated figures from Microsoft, in the six weeks after the game was released, it had sold 1.6 million copies.
Windows reviews.
Early reviews of the Windows version by "Ars Technica" and "PC Zone" have hailed it as the "definitive" "Mass Effect", and an outstanding port to the Windows platform. The game entered the US Windows game charts at number 3, beaten by two different versions of "Age of Conan" at 1 and 2. The first mainstream print magazine review of "Mass Effect" for Windows was from "PC Zone", scoring 92%. "PC Gamer US" gave the game a 91%, despite stating that "inventory management is a nightmare".
Awards.
"Mass Effect"'s showing at E3 2006 was well received and resulted in the game winning several awards during the expo, including the Game Critics Awards' Best Role-Playing Game. One of the most recent and arguably more significant awards the game has been awarded the #1 spot on IGN's list of "The Top 25 Xbox 360 games.
Following its release, "Mass Effect" received numerous awards. During the Spike TV Awards, the game won "Best RPG." GameTrailers awarded the game "Best RPG" and "Best New Game Franchise." During its Reader's Choice Awards, TeamXbox gave the game awards for "Best RPG" and "Best Story," as well as its "Game of the Year" award. GameSpot gave the game "Best Voice Acting" and "Best Original Music." IGN awarded the game "Best RPG," "Best Original Score," and "Best Story." "The New York Times" recognized "Mass Effect" as its "Game of the Year." A complete list of awards can be found at the game's official website.
Controversies.
Media coverage of the sex scene.
"Mass Effect" has an optional romantic subplot. Shepard can develop a relationship with a human party member (Kaidan Alenko or Ashley Williams), or with a blue-skinned alien (Liara T'Soni). The couple can become more intimate near the end of the game; a cutscene then shows a series of fast cuts suggesting a sexual encounter has occurred, although no sex acts or depictions of nudity are shown at all. An article in "The New York Times" compared the contents to U.S. evening network television.
The scene first came under fire in neoconservative blogger Kevin McCullough's article, "The 'Sex-Box' Race for President". McCullough employed strong, false statements such as ""Mass Effect" can be customized to sodomise whatever, whomever, however, the game player wishes," and "with its 'over the net' capabilities virtual orgasmic rape is just the push of a button away."
McCullough's article was met with outrage from the gaming community. McCullough issued an apology by saying, "I DO apologize to the gaming universe!" He went on to say, "I still do concur with my original position that the objectionable content in "Mass Effect" is still offensive." His host website eventually took down the article. Long-time anti-obscenity campaigner Jack Thompson said about the controversy: "The guy who shot his mouth off about it had no idea what the Hell he was talking about. This contrived controversy is absolutely ridiculous."
On January 21, 2008, a Fox News segment "The Live Desk With Martha MacCallum" discussed "Mass Effect" with the heading "'SE'XBOX?' New video game shows full digital nudity and sex." MacCallum stated that the game "leaves nothing to the imagination" and features "the ability for players to engage in full graphic sex" where the player gets to decide what happens, cited critics as saying that the Mature-rated game is marketed to children and teenagers, and read a rebuttal from publisher Microsoft stating that the company abides by rating systems and provides monitoring tools for parents. Self-proclaimed psychology specialist and author Cooper Lawrence and video game journalist Geoff Keighley were interviewed. Lawrence described sexual content in video games as teaching their active users, adolescent boys, to consider women as objects of desire valued solely for their sexuality. She added that the game's player character is a man who decides how many women he wants to be with. Keighley focused on challenging the accuracy of previous statements, saying it is a choice to play the protagonist as a male or a female. He also described "Mass Effect" as having an optional, brief sexual situation as the culmination of a romantic relationship in a 30+ hour game, and argued against the extremely false accusations of graphic, full-frontal nudity within the game. MacCallum and Lawrence admitted that they had not actually played the game.
Electronic Arts, BioWare's parent company, requested a correction of "serious errors" from Fox News in an open letter. Fox News responded that EA had been offered a chance to appear on the channel.
On January 25 Lawrence, who had since watched someone play the game for about two-and-a-half hours, retracted her earlier statements in an interview. She added that she had been told the game was similar to pornography, and noted that she "has seen episodes of "Lost" that are more sexually explicit." In the interim, largely as a reaction from an offended gaming community, her latest book attracted hundreds of customer reviews on Amazon.com which rated it one star out of five. Many of these reviews satirically noted that they had not read her book, but heard from someone else that the book was bad, and thus voted low. In an editorial, G4's Adam Sessler referred to the interview as a "litany of falsehoods" and parodied Lawrence's statements. The controversy came to be known for the fact that the most explicit content actually shown was the side profile of a breast and led to the popularization of the internet meme "alien sideboob."
Singapore M18 rating.
"Mass Effect" was banned in Singapore for a short time before it was lifted with an M18 rating. Censors in the country said that a scene with an alien and human female caressing was the main reason why the game was not allowed to be sold in Singaporean video game stores.
Street date violations.
On Friday, November 9, 2007, 11 days before the official release date of the game, news on the internet surfaced that the game was available for sale at several Kmart stores in the United States. This was later confirmed by BioWare Community Coordinator Chris Priestly on the official "Mass Effect" forum. The street date was also broken in Australia on November 16, 2007 by EB Games who received their copies of the game early and took it as a sign to begin distributing. This was repeated by several other game retailers, including JB Hi-Fi, Gametraders, Zellers, and GAME.
Digital rights management.
On May 6, 2008, BioWare confirmed that it would be using the latest version of digital rights management software SecuROM with the Windows release of "Mass Effect". This decision attracted criticism as SecuROM would require online activation after installation in addition to a "check-in", where the product must re-validate itself every ten days or it will cease to operate until the next successful check-in. On May 9, 2008, BioWare decided to remove the ten day periodic re-authentication, saying that it "listened very closely to its fans and we made this decision to ensure we are delivering the best possible experience to them." Players will still need to connect to the server before they launch "Mass Effect" for the first time or download new game content. The game can be authenticated three times. After that players will have to contact EA Customer Support, who may then on a case-by-case basis "supply any additional authentications that are warranted." EA has since released a De-Authorization Tool for certain SecuROM Protected games released after May 2008, which includes Mass Effect.
The March 2009 Steam release of the game removes the SecuROM DRM and replaces it with Valve's online distribution and DRM system, which ties the game license to an online user account.

</doc>
<doc id="2933392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933392" title="Biting">
Biting

Biting is an age appropriate behavior and reaction for children 2.5 years and younger. Conversely children above this age have verbal skills to explain their needs and dislikes and biting is not age appropriate. Biting may be prevented by methods including redirection, changing the environment and responding to biting by talking about appropriate ways to express anger and frustration. School age children, those older than 2.5 years, who habitually bite may require professional help. 
Biting is also a behaviour found in many adult animals (including humans), often as part of sexual arousal. Some discussion of human biting appears in "The Kinsey Report on Sexual Behavior in the Human Female".

</doc>
<doc id="2933406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933406" title="Oran (department)">
Oran (department)

Oran is a former French "département" in Algeria existing from 1848 until 1962.
Originally a French province, it was departmentalised on 9 December 1848. Its principal town, Oran, was made the prefecture of the "département". There were three French "départements" in Algeria: Oran in the west, Alger in the center, and Constantine in the east. Oran covered 67,262 km², encompassing five sub-prefectures of Mascara, Mostaganem, Sidi Bel Abbès, Tiaret and Tlemcen.
It was only in the 1950s that the Sahara was annexed into departmentalised Algeria, which explains why the "département" of Oran limited itself to what is the northwest of Algeria today. However, prior to departmentalisation, the two eastern territories of the south were managed by the department of Oran.
In 1956 an administrative reform aimed at taking into account the strong demographic growth in Algeria split the province into four parts, Oran, Mostaganem, Tiaret and Tlemcen, taking place on 20 May 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="2933420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933420" title="Hunspell">
Hunspell

Hunspell is a spell checker and morphological analyzer designed for languages with rich morphology and complex word compounding and character encoding, originally designed for the Hungarian language.
Hunspell is based on MySpell and is backward-compatible with MySpell dictionaries. While MySpell uses a single-byte character encoding, Hunspell can use Unicode UTF-8-encoded dictionaries.
Uses.
Hunspell is the spell checker of:
Hunspell is also used by the following which need to be included in the list above:
License.
Hunspell is free software, distributed under the terms of a GPL, LGPL and MPL tri-license.

</doc>
<doc id="2933423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933423" title="Abid Mutlak al-Jubouri">
Abid Mutlak al-Jubouri

Abid Mutlag al-Jubouri is an Iraqi politician and was a Deputy Prime Minister in the Iraqi Transitional Government. A Sunni Arab former major general in Saddam Hussain's army, he rose to prominence during the 1980-1988 Iran-Iraq war.

</doc>
<doc id="2933424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933424" title="Portage (disambiguation)">
Portage (disambiguation)

Portage may refer to one of the following.

</doc>
<doc id="2933431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933431" title="USS Mayrant (DD-402)">
USS Mayrant (DD-402)

The second USS "Mayrant" (DD-402) was a in the United States Navy, the second ship named for John Mayrant. Commissioned shortly before World War II, she was primarily active in the Atlantic theater of the war, and was decommissioned after being used as a target in the Operation Crossroads atomic weapons tests.
History.
"Mayrant" was laid down 15 April 1937 at the Boston Navy Yard, Boston, Massachusetts; launched 14 May 1938; sponsored by Mrs. E. Sheely, a descendant of Capt. John Mayrant; and commissioned 19 September 1939, LCDR E. A. Taylor in command.
During the summer of 1940, after shakedown and an extended training period, "Mayrant" escorted her Commander in Chief, Franklin D. Roosevelt, on a tour of east coast defenses. Later on in the year, again escorting the President, she visited island bases newly acquired from Great Britain under the "destroyers for bases" agreement.
1941–1942.
The following spring, 1941, as U.S. involvement in European hostilities increased, the Navy expanded its efforts to keep the sealanes open. In May, the limits of the neutrality patrol were extended and the Navy gradually expanded its responsibilities for transatlantic convoys. By September, it was officially responsible for protecting them as far as Iceland, lengthening the patrols of the Support Force, Atlantic Fleet, which had been assigned the task.
"Mayrant", on duty with that force, operated off Newfoundland during the spring and summer. In August she stood-by during the Atlantic Charter Conferences and, at their conclusion, escorted , carrying Prime Minister Winston Churchill, to Great Britain.
In late October, "Mayrant" joined a convoy from Halifax to Cape Town. Two days out of the latter port, on 7 December 1941, she received news of the U.S. entry into the war. She then joined Royal Navy ships protecting convoys transporting British and Canadian troops to South Africa. She returned to the United States in January 1942, and for the next 5 months engaged in North Atlantic convoy duty. In April, she sailed to Scapa Flow where she joined the British Home Fleet. As a unit of that fleet she participated in operations in the Denmark Strait in search of the German battleship "Tirpitz" in addition to escorting several convoys on the "suicide run" to Murmansk.
"Mayrant" returned to the east coast in July and immediately put her experience to work conducting antisubmarine warfare training exercises in the Caribbean. Relieved of that duty in October, she resumed convoy work. She escorted troops to north Africa for the November invasions and screened the covering force for the Naval Battle of Casablanca off Casablanca 8 and 9 November. Continuing her support activities, she helped to insure the safe passage of supplies to the area into the new year, 1943.
Damaged off Palermo.
Following the success of the north African invasion, "Mayrant" spent several months on convoy duty off the east coast, returning to north African waters in May. Passing through the Straits of Gibraltar, she arrived Mers-el Kebir, 23 May. Throughout June she cruised the north African coast from Oran to Bizerte, escorting convoys and conducting antisubmarine patrols. On 14 July, she shifted her base of operations north toward Sicily. While on anti-air patrol off Palermo, 26 July, she was attacked by Luftwaffe dive bombers.
A near miss, only a yard or two off her port bow, during this encounter caused extensive damage. Her side ruptured and her engineering space flooded, she was towed into Palermo with five dead and 18 wounded. When the engineering space of a ship is flooded, the ship usually sinks. However, heroic action of her crew, and able assistance of several other ships who pumped water and provided electric power, kept the "Mayrant" floating as she crawled back to harbor. Her executive officer, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, Jr., was later awarded the Silver Star for his action in saving the ship. In port, mattresses were stuffed into the holes in the ship's sides. In spite of her damage, the destroyer's secondary guns helped repel several Luftwaffe raids on Palermo during the next week. On 9 August, she was towed to Malta where temporary repairs were completed by 14 November. She then steamed to Charleston, South Carolina for extensive yard repairs.
1944–1945.
Back in fighting trim 15 May 1944 she departed Charleston for Casco Bay, Maine. For the next year she operated primarily along the east coast, escorting new cruisers and aircraft carriers on shakedown and protecting coastal convoys. During this year she also escorted two convoys to the Mediterranean.
On patrol off New England, 5 April 1945, "Mayrant" went to the rescue of the cargo ship "Atlantic States", torpedoed off Cape Cod Light. Despite heavy weather, the destroyer transferred members of her crew to the powerless merchantman and took her in tow. For 2 days until oceangoing tugs had her under control, they battled waves and breaking lines to keep "Atlantic States" from drifting and sinking.
The war in Europe drawing to a close, "Mayrant" transferred to the Pacific Fleet. She arrived Pearl Harbor 21 May and underwent intensive training in shore bombardment and night operations. On 2 June she sailed for Ulithi escorting convoys to Iwo Jima, Okinawa, and Saipan. After the end of hostilities, "Mayrant" was designated to make preliminary arrangements for the surrender of the enemy garrison on Marcus, a bypassed island in the central Pacific. With the official surrender of the island 31 August, the destroyer took up air-sea rescue operations in the Marshalls and Marianas.
Fate.
On 30 December, "Mayrant" arrived at San Diego for a brief stay before heading back to the central Pacific. Designated as test ship for Operation Crossroads, the 1946 atomic bomb tests, she arrived Bikini Atoll, Marshall Islands, 31 May 1946. Surviving the tests, but too highly contaminated, "Mayrant" decommissioned at Bikini 28 August 1946. She was sunk 4 April 1948 off Kwajalein and struck from the Navy Register on 30 April.
Honors.
"Mayrant" received three battle stars for World War II service.

</doc>
<doc id="2933432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933432" title="Australia Fair Shopping Centre">
Australia Fair Shopping Centre

Australia Fair Shopping Centre is a dual-level regional shopping centre covering located in Southport, Gold Coast, Queensland. The centre also incorporates a five-level office tower comprising of office space, housing specialist services and commercial offices.
Shopping.
Australia Fair offers customers over 230 specialty stores to choose from with major stores include Coles, Woolworths, Kmart, Sam's Warehouse, Best & Less and Birch Carroll & Coyle.
Food court retailers include McDonalds, Hungry Jacks, KFC, Subway, Boost Juice, Donut King, The Coffee Club, Zarraffas Coffee and more.
There is a childminding service available for a price. Available at Kharacter Kids Childminding Centre 
The centre is operated by Retail First Pty Ltd a subsidiary company of The First Group Page text.
Parking.
The centre has undercover and rooftop parking for 2500 cars with three adjoining public car parks that cope with overflow. The frontage to Scarborough Street, the Gold Coast’s major north/south bus interchange, provides access to bus stops and taxi ranks.
The bus interchange at Australia Fair is a major transport hub for Surfside Buslines' TransLink bus routes.
History.
1983: Australia Fair West (originally known as Scarborough Fair) was built and anchored by Franklins. Was formally the site of South Coast Dairy in Scarborough Street. Contains Franklins, Treasureway and 40 specialty shops with off-road parking.
1984: Scarborough Fair was built incorporating a Coles Supermarket and Kmart Store. 
1989: Scarborough Fair Shopping Centre doubled it's size and extended through to Nerang Street Mall. Work on Australia Fair Shopping Centre was based around the old Scarborough FAir Retail Centre and retail anchors Kmart, Coles, Woolworths and Franklins.
1990: Australia Fair opened on 10 April 1990 a project which took more than a year and $300 million to complete. At completion, Australia Fair Shopping Centre had the largest concentration of Specialty stores and was the only Shopping Centre in the Gold Coast let alone nation with 3 Supermarket chains at the time; Woolwsorths, Coles and Franklins. '$300m Showplace to woo shoppers'...After more than a year in progress, Stage 1 of the $300 million Australia Fair opens with Kmart, Coles, Woolworths and Franklins and 230 specialty stores. Greek and Roman god Apollo and artworks from Europe and the United Kingdom double as novel landmarks for shoppers.
1991: The 52,000 square metre shopping development is the first of its kind in Australia and one of the largest in Queensland.
1993: An extension introduced the centre to a 6 Cinema Complex and also created a Leisure Court Retail precinct. 
1995: The Fashion Boulevard, Broadwater Food Court and Fresh Food Marketplace were refurbished and renamed to establish these precincts. The owner acquired the ex-State School site next to Australia Fair West for expansion purposes.
1997-1998: Extensions were completed, Cinemas expanded from 6 to 10 and reconfiguration of the Cinema Leisure Court Retail/Entertainment precinct.
1998-1999: 'Colonial in $142m Australia Fair Deal'...Colonial First State boughts into the joint-venture ownership of Australia Fair with MEPC. The sale deal also includes the former state school redevelopment site in Garden Street. 'Australia Fair set for $16m upgrade'...Owners announce their $16m refurbishment and upgrade. A major part of the refurb is the upgrade of the Fig Tree Foud Court, remodeling of tennancies, additional weatherproof structure and replacement of an escalator.
2001: 'Yu Feng in $162m Coast Deal'... Mr Gordon Fu purchases Australia Fair from Colonial First State.
2002-2004: $2.7m spent on an upgrade to Flooring, Directional Signage and Amenities/Facilities upgrade which enhances the Centre's appearance and image for Southport.

</doc>
<doc id="2933435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933435" title="String Quartet No. 1 (Ives)">
String Quartet No. 1 (Ives)

String Quartet No. 1 is one of the most studied works by composer Charles Ives. The piece is composed for the standard string quartet of two violins, a viola, and a cello. There are four movements:
Movement I is fugal in form and is considered separate from the rest because of its difference in tone. This piece is also found as the third movement of Ives' "Fourth Symphony", arranged for full orchestra. Historians agree that the fugal subject is based on "Missionary hymn" and the fugal countersubject is based on "Coronation". 
Movement II is in ABA form. The "A" section is said to be based on the hymn "Beulah Land", which is quite apparent if the tune is familiar to the listener. The B section is said to be based on "Shining Shore", which is also used as the B section in movements III and IV. 
This use of the same theme or melody in several movements is an example of cyclic form. Cyclic form is meant to unify the piece as a whole by using similar themes in several movements. 
Movement III primary theme is said to be based on the hymn "Nettleton", and is a perfect example of how Ives changes hymns to make them his own and develop them in different ways. Ives took the "Nettleton" hymn and changed the ending so he could develop it throughout the A section. The B section, as mentioned above, is believed to be based on an inverted (or upside down) version of "Shining Shore". 
Movement IV is one of Ives' first uses of polymeter: composing in 3/4 over 4/4 time. The main theme is said to be based on "Coronation" as well as "Stand up for Jesus". "Shining Shore" is said to connect the two hymns as a B section. The piece ends on a plagal cadence (IV-I), reinforcing the piece's heavy use of hymns. (Hymns typically end on plagal cadences). 
Sketches: Burkholder does a very good job of looking through Ives' sketches to verify the use of several of these hymns. Ives reportedly wrote the hymns in their entirety in the sketches and used bits and pieces to compose the actual string quartet.
J. Peter Burkholder (one of the leading Ives scholars) claims that the main themes of this piece are paraphrased from familiar Protestant hymns such as "Beulah Land", "Shining Shore", "Missionary Hymn" and "Nettleton" to name a few. 

</doc>
<doc id="2933436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933436" title="DHE">
DHE

DHE can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2933438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933438" title="Dihydroergotamine">
Dihydroergotamine

Dihydroergotamine ( ; brand names D.H.E. 45 and Migranal) is an ergot alkaloid used to treat migraines. It is a derivative of ergotamine. It is administered as a nasal spray or injection and has an efficacy similar to that of sumatriptan. Nausea is a common side effect.
It has similar actions to the triptans, acting as an agonist to the serotonin 5-HT(1D) receptors and causing vasoconstriction of the intracranial blood vessels, but also interacts centrally with dopamine and adrenergic receptors. It can be used to treat acute intractable headache or withdrawal from analgesics.
Description.
Dihydroergotamine (DHE) is a semi-synthetic form of ergotamine approved in the US in 1946. Oral bioavailability is poor and it is not available in oral form in the US. DHE is available as Migranal nasal spray and in ampules for subcutaneous, intramuscular and intravenous injection. Efficacy is variable in the nasal spray form with bioavailability 32% of injectable administration. Subcutaneous and intramuscular injections are generally more effective than the nasal spray and can be self-administered by patients. Intravenous injection is considered very effective for severe migraine or status migrainosus. DHE is also used in the treatment of medication overuse headache.
Nausea is a common side effect of IV administration and less common in other modes. Antiemetics can be given prior to DHE to counteract the nausea. Risks and contraindications are similar to the triptans. DHE and triptans should not be taken within 24 hours of each other due to the potential for coronary artery vasospasm. DHE produces no dependence.
MAP Pharmaceuticals submitted an inhaled version of DHE (Levadex) for FDA approval in May 2011.
Recently, DHE has been reported to exhibit efficacy in minimising symptoms of orthostatic intolerance in conditions such as the Postural Orthostatic Tachycardia Syndrome. DHE via its selective venous constrictor action may improve stroke volume through enhanced venous return in these patients.

</doc>
<doc id="2933443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933443" title="Florida State Road 7">
Florida State Road 7

State Road 7 (SR 7) is a major north–south artery in South Florida connecting US 41 (SR 90) in the Little Havana section of Miami with Persimmon Boulevard in The Acreage. All but the northernmost (in and near Royal Palm Beach) is instead signed as US 441, and has been since 1950.
Route description.
The state road begins at US 41, which is also the national southern terminus of US 441. The road in Miami-Dade County is only signed as US 441, with no indication of SR 7 anywhere. It is labeled Northwest 2nd Avenue north of the Golden Glades Interchange and Northwest 7th Avenue from the Interchange south to the Miami River, after which it continues another dozen blocks to US 41 as Northwest and Southwest 8th Avenues.
In Broward County, the road is only signed as US 441, but is indicated as "State Road 7" on green street signs when approaching the road from cross streets. From the Miami-Dade County line north to Stirling Road in Hollywood, it is also known as South 60th Avenue. In addition, Broward County addresses along the route show references to "State Road 7" and residents refer to the road as both "441" and "State Road 7".
The Palm Beach County stretch of US 441 / SR 7 features signs with both designations. Older maps also have the designation of "Range Line Road". In Royal Palm Beach, US 441 leaves the SR 7 indication behind, making a westward turn and overlapping US 98 / SR 80) as it approaches Belle Glade on the shore of Lake Okeechobee. The state road continues north to SR 704. A 2009 extension, maintained by Palm Beach County, continues to Persimmon Boulevard.
Controversy.
Critics argue that the extension of SR 7 through the Grassy Waters environmental preserve in Palm Beach County, also the source of the drinking water supply for Palm Beach, Florida|West Palm Beach region, threatens to damage critical habitat for several endangered species including the Everglades Snail Kite. As of 2005, only about 1300 of the hawks were known to still be extant. 
History.
In 2009, part of a long awaited northern extension opened with a stretch from SR 704 to Persimmon Boulevard in The Acreage. Future plans have the road extending another four miles north to Northlake Boulevard near Palm Beach Gardens, but it is not anticipated to be completed until 2015. About has already been built at the Northlake Boulevard end, and is marked on street signs as State Road 7.

</doc>
<doc id="2933448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933448" title="Peter, Hereditary Prince of Yugoslavia">
Peter, Hereditary Prince of Yugoslavia

Peter III, Hereditary Prince of Yugoslavia (born 5 February 1980 in Chicago, Illinois, United States), also known as Petar III Karađorđević (Serbian Cyrillic: Петар Карађорђевић), is the eldest son of Alexander, Crown Prince of Yugoslavia and Princess Maria da Gloria of Orléans Bragança. Prince Peter is the grandson of King Peter II. His godfather is Prince Alexander, son of Prince-Regent Paul.
Biography.
Education and career.
Prince Peter lived in Chicago until the end of 1981, when he moved with his parents to Virginia. In 1983, he first attended morning pre-school in Tyson's Corner, Virginia, and in 1984, he went to day school. In 1988 at the age of eight, he was a student at one of London's top preparatory day schools. In June 1998, he graduated from The King's School, Canterbury in England having obtained three A-levels in Art, Spanish, and French, and ten GCSEs. In 1999, Prince Peter completed in London an art foundation course at Camberwell College of Arts (London Institute). In May 2000, Prince Peter concluded a series art programmes on the European continent mainly in Barcelona and Seville. Prince Peter spent a year 1999–2000 at the Rhode Island School of Design (RISD), a renowned art school on the East Coast of the United States. He is currently working in the field of graphic design and computer technologies.
Prince Peter speaks English, Spanish and French, and is continuing with his Serbian studies.
Before the Serbian 5 October 2000 revolution, Prince Peter travelled to Serbia in 1991 and in July 2000. On 17 July 2001, he and the Royal Family took up residence in the Royal Palace in Belgrade. He has travelled throughout Europe, the United States, and has visited the Middle East, South East Asia, Central and South America.

</doc>
<doc id="2933470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933470" title="Bay (architecture)">
Bay (architecture)

A bay is a unit of form in architecture which has several meanings relating to "the space between architectural elements", or a recess or compartment. The word bay has historically been used to define, in general terms, the size of a building.
Definitions of bay in architecture and construction.
"Bay" comes from "...Old French baee "opening, hole, gulf..."

</doc>
<doc id="2933479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933479" title="Oran (disambiguation)">
Oran (disambiguation)

Oran or Orán may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2933480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933480" title="Broadbeach Waters, Queensland">
Broadbeach Waters, Queensland

Broadbeach Waters is a suburb on the Gold Coast in Queensland, Australia. Its local government area is the Gold Coast City. At the 2011 Census, Broadbeach Waters had a population of 7,534.
Demographics.
In the 2011 Census the population of Broadbeach Waters is 7,534, 50.6% female and 49.4% male.
The median/average age of the Broadbeach Waters population is 42 years of age, 5 years above the Australian average.
64.4% of people living in Broadbeach Waters were born in Australia. The other top responses for country of birth were New Zealand 7.5%, England 5%, South Africa 1%, Germany 0.7%, United States of America 0.6%.
81.7% of people speak English as their first language 0.8% Mandarin, 0.7% Japanese, 0.7% Greek, 0.6% Italian, 0.5% Cantonese.

</doc>
<doc id="2933495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933495" title="Ahetze">
Ahetze

Ahetze was a village in the traditional Basque province of Labourd and is now a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the Aquitaine region of southwestern France.
The inhabitants of the commune are known as "Aheztars"
Geography.
Location.
The commune is located some 13 km south-west of Bayonne and 30 km north-east of Donostia-San-Sebastion and only 4 km from the Atlantic beaches of Bidart and Guéthary.
Access.
Ahetze village is at the intersection of departmental roads D655 from Arbonne to Bidart and D855 from Saint-Pee-sur-Nivelle to Saint-Jean-de-Luz. The commune can be accessed from Exit 4 (Biarritz La Négresse) and Exit 3 (Saint-Jean-de-Luz nord) from the A63 autoroute.
The Biarritz–Anglet–Bayonne Airport is fifteen minutes drive from the village.
Hydrography.
Located in the watershed of the Adour, the commune is traversed by a tributary of the coastal river Uhabia: the Zirikolatzeko erreka and its tributaries, the streams: Amisolako, Uroneko, and Besaingo as well as the Pemartiko erreka - a tributary of the Besaingo.
Paul Raymond also stated in his "Topographical dictionary of Bearn-Basque Country" in 1863 that a tributary of the Alborga: the "Haïstéchéhé" flows through Ahetze after rising in Saint-Pee-sur-Nivelle.
Toponymy.
The name "Ahetze" has appeared in the following forms:
In Basque the commune name is "Ahetze".
Jean-Baptiste Orpustan suggested that "Ahetze" comes from "aiz" meaning "stone" and by extension "upper rock".
The name "Larruntaldea" appears in the form "Larungorix" (13th century, Cartulaire of Bayonne, sheet 12).
The "Amisolako erreka" is mentioned by Paul Raymond as "Amisola". The same dictionary cites the hamlet of "Ouhas-Aldéa".
History.
In the Middle Ages the Compostela pilgrims who chose the passage along the Atlantic coast passed near Ahetze, Ibarron and the hospital ("Ospitale Zaharra") in Sare. Others preferred to fork through part of Ahetze to reach the chapel Saint-Jacques of Serres and also visit Vera by passing by Olhette and the Ibardin Pass.
Administration.
List of Successive Mayors of Ahetze
Inter-Communality.
Ahetze is a member of 8 Intercommunal organisations:
The commune is a member of the "Basque Eurocity Bayonne - San Sebastian".
Demography.
In 2009, the commune had 1,697 inhabitants. The evolution of the number of inhabitants is known through the population censuses conducted in the commune since 1793. From the 21st century, a census of communes with fewer than 10,000 inhabitants is held every five years, unlike larger towns that have a sample survey every year.
The commune is part of the urban area of Bayonne.
Economy.
The 2006 classification by INSEE indicated the median household incomes for each commune with more than 50 households (30,687 communes out of 36,681 communes identified) classed Ahetze at the rank of 7,693 with an average income of €17,944.
The flea market takes place every third Sunday of the month and regularly attracts lovers of antiques from the Paris region, to the Spanish communes all around and contributes to the economic revitalization of the village which has mainly agricultural activity.
The commune part of the Appellation d'origine contrôlée (AOC) zone of ossau-iraty.
Culture and heritage.
During the period 2001-2008, Ahetze adjusted its profile as a rural village to take into account the growing demand for real estate in this region near the Atlantic coast. Several real estate development projects are underway, including the village, in the area subject to the approval of the "Architects of buildings of France".
Languages.
The "Map of the Seven Basque Provinces" established by Prince Louis-Lucien Bonaparte in 1863 indicated that the Basque dialect spoken in Ahetze is labourdin.
Festivals.
Established in 1971, the Committee of Festivals of Ahetze ("Ahetzeko Mozkor Banda") organises the following events: wheat threshing, dance evenings, a gala of Basque rural sports, "loto", and employers' festivals that take place between 25 October and 11 November.
Civil heritage.
The "Ostalapia farm", now a restaurant, is a former way station on the road to Saint Jacques de Compostela and long before was a haven for the Guethariars and Bidartars when they were attacked by pirates from the ocean or by robbers; in the parking lot some boulders once used for walls can still be seen.
Ahetze has old Baserri dating from the 17th and 18th centuries, some of which have been extended over time. New construction follows the Labourdin style.
Religious Heritage.
The "Church of St. Martin", a way point on the road to Saint Jacques de Compostela, was built in the 16th century. It has a wooden statue of Saint Jacques dressed as a pilgrim dating from the 18th century, a wooden statue dating from the 18th century, depicting the Virgin of the Assumption, an altarpiece from the 18th century, and a processional cross dating from the 15th century. This cross, whose arms are garnished with bells, was used in witchcraft trials in the year 1609 to the outrage of Councilor Lancre who saw it as an evil object.
Environmental heritage.
On the heights of Ahetze all the Basque mountains near the Atlantic are visible: the Rhune, the Mondarrain, the Artzamendi, and the Ursuia in France as well as the "Three Crowns" in Spain.
Facilities.
Sports and sports facilities.
Ahetze has two Frontons, one is old and built into the wall of the town hall, a second was completed in 2008 as part of the new development of the town.
A Trinquet called "Pantxoa Sein" is next to the primary school.
A marked "fitness trail" runs through the south-east of the village.
Education.
Ahetze has a primary school and a nursery.
Health.
Ahetze has several health services: a general practitioner, a dentist, a nurse, a physiotherapist, and a speech therapist.

</doc>
<doc id="2933497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933497" title="Urt">
Urt

Urt (; ) is a village in Gascony in the traditional province of Labourd, now a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.

</doc>
<doc id="2933498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933498" title="Marion Rockefeller Weber">
Marion Rockefeller Weber

Marion Rockefeller Weber (born 1938) is the second eldest daughter of Laurance Spelman Rockefeller (1910–2004) and Mary French and a fourth generation member of the Rockefeller family. Her paternal great-grandfather is Standard Oil's founder John D. Rockefeller and maternal great-grandfather is Fredrick Billings, a president of Northern Pacific Railway.
Weber is a philanthropist through her Flow Fund and is the founder and director of the Arts and Healing Network, which gives the prestigious "Most Outstanding Healing Artist for the Year" award annually. Weber is quoted as saying the "Arts and Healing Network honors and supports the emergence of healing artists and recognizes them as essential catalysts for positive change." 
She currently resides in the San Francisco Bay Area of California.

</doc>
<doc id="2933505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933505" title="Sirous Ghayeghran">
Sirous Ghayeghran

Sirous Ghayeghran () (January 22, 1962 – April 7, 1998) was a famous Iranian footballer and former captain of Iran national football team. He is notably referred as the legendary player of Malavan Bandar Anzali Football Club, and is one of the most popular icons in the city of Bandar Anzali.
Playing career.
Club career.
He played most of his club career for Malavan FC. In 1990 he signed for Ai-Ittihad of Qatar. He did not forget his roots and soon returned to Malavan, helping the club win the Hazfi Cup and participate in the Asian Club Championship. In 1993 he moved to the big spending team of the time Keshavarz FC, where he was also a coach. The team obtained respectable results but Ghayeghran moved to second division team "Masoud Hormozgan" where he coached once again. In 1997 and 1998 Ghayeghran stated numerous times that he would like to be involved with Malavan again, either as a coach or player.
International career.
In February 1986 he made his debut for the national team against Pakistan. In 1987 Ghayeghran became the national team captain, after most of the already established national team members who had participated in the Asian tournaments from 1984 to 1986 resigned from playing (these included top stars such as Nasser Mohammadkhani, Hamid Alidoosti, Shahrokh Bayani, etc.) In 1988 thanks to Ghayeghran's leadership an underprepared and inexperienced Iran side finished third in the Asian Cup tournament. He and Mehdi Fonoonizadeh came out as the two players with their trademark long-range shots, which usually compensated for Iran's shortage in the area of teamwork. Two years later the team became the 1990 Asian Games champions, where Ghayeghran scored one of the most memorable goals in Iranian football history against South Korea.
He finished his international career with 40 caps and 6 goals.
Death.
On March 26, 1998 as Ghayeghran and some family members were driving towards Tehran during a holiday in Norouz, they collided with a truck, leaving Ghayeghran and his son dead.
Legacy.
Ghayeghran's love of football began early, playing with local children in the streets and alleys of his home city. He was soon playing in the youth provincial team of Gilan and also joined his hometown club, Malavan. Even at a young age Ghayeghran was known to be a down to earth person, with a great attitude, and instantly became a fan favorite.
Ghayeghran will always be remembered as one of the finest examples of an athlete in Iran. He helped charities privately, and always had time for his fans. He paved the way for players who were not born or raised in Tehran to make it to the national team and helped Malavan and Bandar Anzali earn a place in Iranian football.

</doc>
<doc id="2933506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933506" title="Arbonne">
Arbonne

Arbonne () is a French commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the Aquitaine region of southwestern France.
The inhabitants of the commune are known as "Arbonars"
Geography.
Arbonne is located some 6 km south of Biarritz and 3 km east of Bidart. It is part of the Urban area of Bayonne and is located in the former province of Labourd. Access to the commune is by road D255 from Biarritz in the north passing through the village and continuing south to Saint-Pée-sur-Nivelle. The D655 branches off the D255 in the south of the commune and goes to Ahetze. The A63 autoroute passes through the northern tip of the commune but has no access from the commune. In the south of the commune is the hamlet of Le Hameau d'Arbonne. The rest of the commune is mainly farmland with patches of forest especially in the north.
Located in the watershed of the Adour, the commune is traversed by the Uhabia, a small coastal river that flows into the ocean at Bidart, and its tributaries: the "Zirikolatzeko erreka" and the "Ruisseau d'Argelos".
The "Ruisseau de Pemartin" also flows through the commune and there is an extensive network of streams throughout the commune.
Toponymy.
The name "Arbonne" appears in the forms: 
Brigitte Jobbé-Duval indicated that '"Arbona" meant "place of tree stumps".
"Alhorga" is a hydronym ddesignating the stream "Alhorgako Erreka", a tributary of the Uhabia flowing from Saint-Pée-sur-Nivelle and Ahetze, which is mentioned with this spelling in 1863 by the Topographic Dictionary of Béarn-Basque Country.
"Animaleko Buztana" refers to a farm mentioned in the Collations of the Diocese of Bayonne in 1669 with the spelling "Anhimaleko Bousstanha".
"Berrueta" refers to a farm cited by the Paul Raymond dictionary in 1863 with the spelling "Berhouetta".
"Harriague" is also mentioned in en 1863 by the same dictionary, as is the area "Hurmalague".
"Menta" was an Arbonne hamlet mentioned by the Topographic Dictionary Béarn-Basque country in 1863. It appeared in 1198 in the Cartulary of Bayonne and again with the spelling "Mente" in 1523 (chapter of Bayonne).
"Mestelan Beherea" appears with the spelling "Mesthelan" in 1863 (Topographic Dictionary of Béarn-Basque Country), designating a farm in Arbonne and also present with the spelling "Mestelan" in 1760 (Collations of the Diocese of Bayonne). Paul Raymond indicated that a prebend of this name was present in the Arbonne church.
"Pemartin" is also present with teh spelling "Pémartin" in the 1863 dictionary.
"Perukain", a hamlet in the commune has been mentioned in the forms: 
"La Place" is mentioned in the 1863 dictionary.
"Le Pouy", a farm in Arbonne, appears in 1751 as: "la chapelle de Pouy près Bayonne", and in the form "Pouy" din teh Topographic Dictionary of Béarn-Basque Country (1863).
The current commune name in Basque is "Arbona".
History.
The oldest lord of Arbonne whose names are known are from the Sault family, Viscounts of Labourd. At the end of the 14th century the lordship was owned by the Saint-Julien family (originally from Lower Navarre) and then in 1408 to the Amezqueta family.
The Act of 4 March 1790, which determined the new administrative landscape of France by creating departments and districts, created the Department of Basses-Pyrénées to bring together Béarn, the Gascon lands in Bayonne and Bidache, and three French Basque provinces. For these three provinces three districts were created: Mauléon, Saint-Palais, and Ustaritz which replaced the Bailiwick of Labourd. The seat of Ustaritz was transferred almost immediately to Bayonne. Its Directorate pushed many municipalities into adopting new names conforming to the spirit of the Revolution. Arbonne was called "Constante", Ustaritz became "Marat-sur-Nive", Itxassou "Union", Saint-Étienne-de-Baïgorry "Thermopyles", Saint-Palais "Mont-Bidouze", Saint-Jean-Pied-de-Port "Nive-Franche", Louhossoa "Montagne-sur-Nive", Saint-Jean-de-Luz "Chauvin-Dragon", Ainhoa "Mendiarte", and Souraïde "Mendialde".
Administration.
List of Successive Mayors
Inter-communality.
Arbonne is part of nine inter-communal structures:
The commune is part of the "Eurocité basque Bayonne-San Sebastian" (a cross-border association to develop the area from Bayonne in France to San Sebastian in Spain).
Demography.
In 2009 the commune had 1,993 inhabitants. The evolution of the number of inhabitants is known from the population censuses conducted in the commune since 1793. From the 21st century, a census of communes with fewer than 10,000 inhabitants is held every five years, unlike larger towns that have a sample survey every year.
Economy.
The commune is part of the Appellation d'origine contrôlée (AOC) zone of Ossau-iraty.
Culture and Heritage.
According to the "Map of the Seven Basque Provinces" by Prince Louis-Lucien Bonaparte the basque dialect spoken in Arbonne is northern Upper Navarrese
Facilities.
The commune has a general practitioner, three nurses, a speech therapist, a physiotherapist, and a dentist - all in the village centre.
Arbonne has two primary schools, one public and one private (Saint-Laurent school)

</doc>
<doc id="2933510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933510" title="Arcangues">
Arcangues

Arcangues () is a French commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the Aquitaine region of southwestern France in what was formerly the Basque province of Labourd.
The inhabitants of the commune are known as "Arcanguais" or "Arcanguaises" or "Arrangoiztar" in basque.
Geography.
Location.
Arcangues belongs to the urban area of Bayonne and is located some 10 km south by south-west of Bayonne, 8 km south-east of Biarritz, and 6 km north-west of Ustaritz.
Access.
The A63 autoroute passes through the northern tip of the commune with the nearest exit being Exit 4 to the west of the commune but the slightly farther Exit 5 to the east connects directly to the D3 road which passes south through the commune and the village to Saint-Pée-sur-Nivelle. There is also the D755 which branches off the D3 in the north of the commune and continues south through the west of the commune to join the D255 on the commune's south-western border. The D933 road from Anglet to Ustaritz also passes through the eastern tip of the commune with a roundabout linking to country roads in the commune.
Hydrography.
Located in the Drainage basin of the Adour, the commune is traversed by numerous streams including the "Uhabia", a small coastal river, and its tributary the Alotz stream whose tributary the Amestpoya passes through the village and whose many other tributaries cover the whole commune. In the east the "Barbarako Erreka" flows north to join the "Harriet", a tributary of the Nive.
Toponymie.
The name "Arcangues" appears in the forms: 
Jean-Baptiste Orpustan proposed a joining of the basque words "ar-gain", meaning "high rock", and "-goiz" meaning "an open position facing east" which results in the compound meaning "high rocks facing east".
The name "Ablaintz" was mentioned in 1083 and also appears in the forms
"Abots" is a name cited in 1863 in the Topographic Dictionary Béarn-Basque Country).
"Alotz" with the spelling "Alots" in 1863, which gave its name to the "Moulin d’Alotz" (Alotz Mill), was a stream which, according to Paul Raymond, had its source in Arcangues - rising in Arbonne and joining the Uhabia.
The name "Berriotz" ("A clearing in the Forest") appears with the spellings "le bois de Berriots" (13th century, Cartulary of Bayonne) and "mediatatem trium partium decimationis de Berriots" (1256).
"La Chapelle" was a hamlet cited in 1863 by Paul Raymond.
The name "Chourroumilatch" appears in the form "Chourroumillatché") and designated a mill.
The name "Dornadieta" appears in the form "Dornariette".
The name "Gastelhur" appears in the forms:
Paul Raymond indicated a farm called "Jauréguia" in 1863.
"Othe Zahar" could be the "Othéçarra" mentioned in 1863 in the Topographic Dictionary Béarn-Basque Country, which designated a forest in the commune.
"Sainte-Barbe" designated a rise in the land between Arcangues and Ustaritz.
The basque name of the commune today is "Arrangoitze".
History.
The lordship of Arcangues has been mentioned since the 12th century. Sanche d'Arcangues and Aner de Archangos were cited as witnesses or guarantors of real estate transactions between 1150 and 1170.
The beginning of the 16th century in Labourd was marked by the appearance of the plague. The "Gascon registers" track its expansion. on 8 February 1517 the plague was reported in Arcangues.
The office of King's Prosecutor belonged to the Arcangues family from the 17th century. Also Laurent, Lord and patron of Arcangues, Curutcheta, and Elissagaray was prosecutor of the Bailiwick of Labourd from 1614 to 1643. His son Jean d'Arcangues received the office of King's Prosecutor by letters patent of Louis XIII of 4 July 1643. Pierre d'Arcangues continued in the office from 1670 to 1692. Finally Squire Gaspard d'Arcangues, Lord and patron of Arcangues and Curutcheta was the last family member to hold the office from 15 April 1714 to 1749.
Squire Michel d'Arcangues, Lord and patron of Arcangues and Curutcheta, baptised at Bayonne on 17 October 1719, captain of the provincial militia of Labourd, married to Rose d'Aragorri (1722-1758), by which the title of Spanish Marquis of Iranda passed to their son Nicolas François Xavier d'Arcangues (Arcangues, 1753 - Saint-Pierre-d'Irube 1826). Rights to this title was authorized in France for life in April 1781 by letters patent of Louis XVI.
Michel Louis d'Arcangues (San Sebastian, 1790 - Bayonne, 1868) was the fourth Spanish Marquis of Iranda, Mayor of Arcangues for forty years and General Counsel for Basses-Pyrénées.
His eldest son, Alexis d'Arcangues (Bayonne, 1821 - Saint-Pierre-d'Irube 1877), succeeded him. He was mayor of Villefranque then Arcangues and General Counsel for Basses-Pyrénées.
Miguel Marie (Bayonne, 1857 - Arcangues, 1915), the 6th Spanish Marquis of Iranda, succeeded him.
Pierre d'Arcangues, born 12 April 1886 in Paris and died on 22 May 1973 in Arcangues, the 7th Marquis, was a poet and novelist and the father of Guy d'Arcangues, the 8th Marquis of Iranda, Viscount of Ascubea, and writer, who wrote in particular "Les Tambours de Septembre" (The Drums of September).
The home to the Marquis d'Arcangues, the Chateau of Arcangues, was used as the Duke of Wellington's headquarters during the December 1813 Battle of the Nive in the Peninsular War. During the German occupation of France in World War II, the Nazis used the chateau as headquarters for its local troops.
The French Thoroughbred racehorse Arcangues, who was given the village's name, won the 1993 Breeders' Cup Classic at Santa Anita Park in Arcadia, California.
Administration.
List of Successive Mayors
Inter-communality.
Arcangues is part of seven inter-communal structures:
The commune is part of the Basque Bayonne - San Sebastian Eurocity.
Demography.
In 2009 the commune had 3,116 inhabitants. The evolution of the number of inhabitants is known from the population censuses conducted in the commune since 1793. From the 21st century, a census of communes with fewer than 10,000 inhabitants is held every five years, unlike larger towns that have a sample survey every year.
Economy.
The town is part of the Appellation d'origine contrôlée (AOC) zone designation of Ossau-iraty.
ETPM (Multiple Public Works Company) is an independent French company based in Arcangues whose main activity is the execution of works for electrical and telecommunication networks.
Culture and Heritage.
The shutters of a Basque house, made with solid wood slats, are painted the same colour as the other wooden parts of the facades or framing. They are generally in a dark red called "basque red". There has also been, since the 19th century, a very dark blue - a kind of Prussian blue - and a "deep" dark green also as well as sometimes a very light gray. At Arcangues the Marquis, Pierre d'Arcangues, introduced a lighter blue, which has retained the name "Blue of Arcangues".
It was in Arcangues that the first Seaska Ikastola was created in 1969.
Languages.
According to the "Map of the Seven Basque Provinces" by Prince Louis-Lucien Bonaparte (1863), the Basque dialect spoken in Arcangues is Northern High Navarrese. However, the classification has changed. With new methodological criteria, the Basque dialectology has grown considerably in recent years and, according to the latest work by the philologist Koldo Zuazo, the Basque dialect used in Arcangues is Navarro-labourdin with an east-west sub-dialect. It is an intermediate sub-dialect combining the Navarro-labourdin sub-dialect of the east and the west.
Until then not to be educated or to be illiterate was not a problem in the Basque Country. The inhabitants had their oral culture and that was enough to satisfy their needs. This lifestyle change radically in the 20th century and French replaced Basque in the general population since literacy was more useful in the dominant language. Then, in the late 1960s, a unified Basque was taught. It in no way replaced the local dialect but had the objective to integrate all formal sectors such as radio, television, print, Internet, research, teaching, literature, administration, etc. In informal areas, however, the dialect is still used, especially in areas where there are native Basque speakers. Despite all these changes it seems that, in the medium term, the navarro-labourdin dialect may disappear with its speakers and be replaced by a unified language: "batua".
Civil heritage.
The Chateau of Arcangues was rebuilt in 1900. It has been classified as a historical monument since 1992. The central body of the building, flanked by two wings, is surmounted by a glass roof which illuminates the interior of the building. It stands on a small hill in the middle of a small park planted with oaks.
Environmental heritage.
Part of the territory of the commune belongs to the regional natural reserve of "Errota Handia" managed by the "Academy of Natural Areas" of Aquitaine who also manage the Chouroumillas (Xurrumilatx) Pond: a wetland located in the north-west of the commune.
Amenities.
Other than the Lau-herri Society for Basque pelota, from where the professional champion Simon Haran originated, community life is organized around the Emak-Hor society which has rugby, handball, gymnastics, marching band, a male chorus (Adixkideak) and a folk group. The Golf course between Arcangues and Arbonne has safeguarded the environmental heritage of the town.
The commune has a primary school.
There is a pharmacy, a dentist, a GP, and physiotherapists.

</doc>
<doc id="2933511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933511" title="Ascain">
Ascain

Ascain (Basque "Azkaine") is a French commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the Aquitaine region of south-western France.
The inhabitants of the commune are known as "Azkaindar".
Geography.
Ascain is part of the urban area of Bayonne in the traditional Basque province of Labourd 13 km east of Irun and south of Saint-Jean-de-Luz and the Atlantic Ocean in the western foothills of the Pyrenees. The southern tip of the commune touches the border with Spain at the peak of Larrun mountain. Access to the commune is by the D4 road from Urrugne in the north-west coming into the commune from the west then passing through the town and continuing south-east to Sare. The D918 also comes from Saint-Jean-de-Luz in the north and passes through the north of the commune between two urban areas and continuing east to Saint-Pée-sur-Nivelle. Some 30% of the commune is residential with some small forests in the north and farmland mostly in the south with some farms in the north.
The summit of Larrun, a mountain iconic of the Basque country, is situated approximately south of the town at the southern tip of the commune on the border with Spain. The summit can be reached by the Petit train de la Rhune, which commences from the Col de Saint-Ignace, to the east of the town outside the commune on the D4 road to Sare.
The Interurban Network of Pyrénées-Atlantiques bus line has two stops in the commune: one for Route 863 which runs from Hasparren to Saint-Jean-de-Luz; and Route 858 between Sare and Saint-Jean-de-Luz.
The Nivelle river flows through the north of the commune flowing towards the west parallel to the D918 on its way to the Atlantic Ocean. Several tributaries rise in the south of the commune and flow north, gathering many more tributaries, into the Nivelle. These streams include the Aniberreko Erreka, the Galardiko Erreka, and the Arraioko Erreka. The Larrunko Erreka forms the south-western border of the commune as it flows north then west to join the Intsolako Erreka which continues north to join the Aniberreko Erreka.
Toponymy.
The name "Ascain" appears in the forms: 
The name "Ascain" probably comes from "haitz gain" meaning "top of the hill" or "rocky height".
"Harania" was a hamlet mentioned in the 1863 dictionary.
The house "Olhaberrieta" ("Place of the new hut") was mentioned in 1568.
The name "Serres" appears in the forms: 
The "Croix d’Urumendy" was a place of pilgrimage, as was "Xeruenborda", shown with the speeling "Chérumborda" in the 1863 dictionary.
The commune name in basque is "Azkaine".
History.
In 1609 Councillor Pierre de Lancre intervened in French Basque Country at the head of a commission of inquiry demanded by Henri IV. The commission was to "purge the country of all sorcerers and sorceresses under the influence of demons". The priest of Ascain was degraded then burned.
The Bishop of Bayonne, Jean VI de Sossiondo, built a large house called "Askunda" here during the middle of the 16th century, which can still be seen.
In 1794, at the height of The Terror and after the desertion of 47 young people from Itxassou, the Committee of Public Safety (Decree of 13 Ventôse Year II - 3 March 1794) arrested and deported some of the men, women, and children from Ainhoa, Ascain, Espelette, Itxassou, Sare, and Souraïde; and declared the commune, as for other communes near the Spanish border, a "Notorious commune". This measure was also extended to Biriatou, Cambo, Larressore, Louhossoa, Mendionde, and Macaye.
The inhabitants were: "gathered in various national houses or in the District of Ustaritz or in those of the "Grande Redoubt", such as Jean-Jacques Rousseau". In reality they were gathered in the churches then deported in very precarious conditions to Bayonne, Capbreton, Saint-Vincent-de-Tyrosse, and Ondres. Departments where people from the communes were interned were Lot, Lot-et-Garonne, Gers, Landes, Basses-Pyrénées (the Béarnais part), and Hautes-Pyrénées.
The return of the exiles and the recovery of their properties were determined by a series of decrees issued on 29 September and 1 October 1794 - driven in this direction by the Director of Ustaritz: "The former communes of Sare, Itxassou, Ascain, Biriatou, and Serres, whose inhabitants have been interned for eight months as a measure of general security people have not been able to farm. The people who wish to obtain freedom to retire to their homes are clamouring for food without us being able to provide them with the means to fulfil this first human need, hunger". The recovery of property was not done without difficulty: their properties had been sequestered but were not registered and so were looted: "Movable and immovable property of the inhabitants of Sare, were neither legally recognized nor disclosed; all our furniture and household effects were removed and brought confusedly to neighbouring communes. Instead of putting them in safe places, some were sold at auction or to any other party without auction".
Heraldry.
These arms were registered for the first time on 5 July 1505 by Juan de Agorreta Ascanio, Lord of Agorreta and Ascain.
Administration.
List of Successive Mayors
Inter-communality.
The commune is part of eight inter-communal structures:
The commune belongs to the Basque Bayonne - San Sebastián Eurocity.
Twinning.
Ascain has twinning associations with:
Demography.
In 1670 the commune had 300 fires and in 1718 1,560 inhabitants.
In 2010 the commune had 4,001 inhabitants. The evolution of the number of inhabitants is known from the population censuses conducted in the commune since 1793. From the 21st century, a census of communes with fewer than 10,000 inhabitants is held every five years, unlike larger towns that have a sample survey every year.
Economy.
Economic activity is mainly agricultural and also tourism. There is a sandstone quarry in the commune.
Ascain is part of the Appellation d'origine contrôlée (AOC) zone of Ossau-iraty.
There are two breweries (Akerbeltz and Oldarki) in the commune.
Culture and heritage.
According to the "Map of the Seven Basque Provinces" edited in 1863 by Prince Louis-Lucien Bonaparte, the basque dialect spoken in Ascain is Labourdin.
The film "La Danseuse Orchidée" by Léonce Perret was partly filmed in Ascain in 1928 with Chiquito de Cambo.
Civil heritage.
There are several buildings and structures in Ascain that are registered as historical monuments. These are:
The two redoubts were part of the defence by Marshal Soult of the Franco-Spanish border against the British Army under Wellington in 1813.
In 1947 the village erected the first "Stèle des évadés de France" (Stele of escapees of France) in memory of the resistance fighters who left France to join the Free French Forces via Spain during the Second World War.
Religious heritage.
The Church of the Assumption has some medieval remains. It was enlarged in the 16th and 17th centuries and was inaugurated under Louis XIII in 1626. In 1605 Monseigneur Bertrand d'Etchaux, Bishop of Bayonne, visited the parish of Ascain and permitted "the said parishioners of the said parish to sell or dispose of the tombs that seem good in favour of the proceeds of the sale"... (be used for) ..."the keeping, repair, and completion of the work on the church".
Inside the church is a Statue of the Virgin and Child which is a cast of a statue from the 14th century: the original in marble, called the "Virgin of Longchamp", is preserved in the Musée national du Moyen Âge (National Museum of the Middle Ages) in Paris. Tombstones in pink sandstone from Larrun cover the grounds.
The Chapel of Serres, dedicated to Saint Jacques and recently restored was, in the Middle Ages a waystation on the Way of St. James.
Environmental heritage.
In its 2012 awards, the National Council of Flowery Towns and Villages in France ("Conseil National des Villes et Villages Fleuris de France") awarded three flowers to the commune in the competition for towns and villages in flower. (first award was in 2004).
Facilities.
Education.
The commune has three primary schools: one public, one private catholic (Sainte-Marie school), and one Ikastola (Basque language school).
A Music school (Kornelio), in the form of an associatrion offers classic and traditional training.
The "Larrundarrak" drum band, the "Larrun Kanta" choir, and the "Martintxo-Altxalili" association complete the musical offerings of the commune.
Sports and Sports facilities.
There are several sports associations in the commune including associations for athletics, basketball, cycling, traditional dance, gymnastics, basque pelota, hiking, rugby union, and tennis.

</doc>
<doc id="2933513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933513" title="Four on the Floor (disambiguation)">
Four on the Floor (disambiguation)

Four on the Floor is a 1986 CBC comedy series. 
Four on the Floor may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2933516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933516" title="Donald Friend">
Donald Friend

Donald Stuart Leslie Friend (6 February 1915 – 16 August 1989) was an Australian artist, writer and diarist.
Early life.
Born in Sydney, precociously talented both as an artist and a writer, Friend grew up in the artistic circle of his bohemian mother. He studied with Sydney Long (1931) and Dattilo Rubbo (1934–1935), and later in London (1936–1937) at the Westminster School of Art with Mark Gertler and Bernard Meninsky. During World War II he served as a gunner with the AIF, and while stationed at Albury began an important friendship with Russell Drysdale which was to culminate in their joint discovery of Hill End, a quasi-abandoned gold mining village near Bathurst, New South Wales, which was to become something of an artists' colony in the 1950s. He also served as an official war artist in Labuan and Balikpapan in 1945. After the war he lived for a time in the Sydney mansion-boarding house Merioola, exhibiting with the so-called Merioola Group.
Much of Friend's life and career were spent outside Australia, in places as diverse as Nigeria (late 1930s, where he served as financial advisor to the Ogoga of Ikerre), Italy (several visits in the 1950s), Sri Lanka (late 1950s – early 1960s, from whence dates this view of the city of Colombo), and Bali from 1968 until his final return to Sydney in 1980.
Career.
Friend's critical reputation in the 1940s equalled those of William Dobell and Russell Drysdale, but by the time of his death it had sunk so low that his work was totally absent from the 1988 Australian Bicentennial exhibition, a show meant to include every artist of importance since white settlement.
Friend made "no attempt to disguise the homoeroticism which underlay much of his work", despite winning the Blake Prize for Religious Art in 1955. Nor did he mince words about his sexual preferences, depicting himself as "a middle-aged pederast who's going to seed" in his journal. His relationships consisted in large part of a series of affairs with adolescent boys, some of whom became his lifelong friends, particularly Attilio Guarracino. 
Friend was well known for studies of the young male nude, as well as his wit. His facility as a draughtsman may have contributed to the undervaluing of his work, which art scholar Lou Klepac said "always looked too easy – decorative, flowing and natural." In the mid-1960s, Robert Hughes described him as "one of the two finest draughtsmen of the nude in Australia," and noted his humanism and lack of sentimentality, while still maintaining that he was not a major artist. Barry Pearce, however, writing in the study which accompanied Friend's posthumous retrospective at the Art Gallery of New South Wales in 1990, said that Hughes' judgement seemed harsh and called for a re-evaluation of Friend as an artist whose "contribution to the richness of Australian art is due for much greater recognition." 
Friend also published a number of illustrated books, almost all in limited editions, which displayed the same wit and sensuality that informs much of his art. In 2001 the National Library of Australia began publishing the journals that Friend had kept since he was 14, and which chronicled in half a million words a life peopled with such artists as Drysdale, Margaret Olley, Jeffrey Smart, Brett Whiteley and others.
Diaries.
Friend's diaries were published posthumously from 2001–2006 by the National Library of Australia in four volumes. Volume 4 dealt in part with Friend's time in Bali in the 1960s and '70s; publicity claimed "this volume confirms Friend's quicksilver creative brilliance and extraordinary insight. He is perhaps Australia's most important twentieth-century diarist."
Following the publication of Volume 4, accusations were made that the publishers had not been granted permission to publicly name some of Friend's sexual partners, who were minors at the time of their encounters with Friend. There were also accusations that Friend's paedophilia had been whitewashed by Australian art scholars.

</doc>
<doc id="2933517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933517" title="Bardos, Pyrénées-Atlantiques">
Bardos, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Bardos (Basque "Bardoze") is a small village in the traditional Basque province of Labourd, now a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.
Bardos is part of the province Basque of Lapurdi.

</doc>
<doc id="2933518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933518" title="Bassussarry">
Bassussarry

Bassussarry () is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.
It is located in the province of Labourd.

</doc>
<doc id="2933520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933520" title="Briscous">
Briscous

Briscous (Basque "Beskoitze") is a town in the traditional Basque province of Labourd, now a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.

</doc>
<doc id="2933522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933522" title="Stevens–Henager College">
Stevens–Henager College

Stevens–Henager College, headquartered in Ogden, Utah, United States, is a private, nonprofit, coeducational college. Established in 1891, the college has five campuses in Idaho and Utah. It offers online and on-campus programs for Associate's degrees, Bachelor's degrees, and Master's degrees. Post-secondary education offered by Stevens-Henager is accredited by the Accrediting Commission of Career Schools and Colleges, but the institution is not regionally accredited.
History.
Stevens–Henager, one of the oldest colleges in Utah, was established in 1891 by Professor James Ayers Smith, an educator in Nebraska, as Intermountain Business College to teach commercial subjects and place graduates in business positions. Paul Kenneth Smith, son of James Ayers Smith, served as an instructor at the college. For about 19 years, Stevens–Henager College was known as Intermountain Business College. In 1910, Professor J. A. Smith retired and sold the school to Mr. C. S. Springer, who changed the name to the Smithsonian Business School. In 1938, the college was purchased by Dr. David B. Moench, son of Louis F. Moench, a Utah educator and the first principal of Weber Stake Academy, which later became Weber State College. It then became known as the Moench University of Business and operated as such until 1940, when it was purchased by I. W. Stevens and renamed Ogden Business College. The name was changed to Stevens–Henager College in 1959.
Stevens-Henager has its main campus in Ogden, Utah. In 1978, the college established a campus in Provo. Other campuses followed including Salt Lake City Campus in Utah in 1999, Logan Campus in Utah in 2001, and Boise Campus in 2004 in Idaho.
Campuses.
Stevens–Henager College has seven campuses and three satellite locations across Utah and Idaho. The main campus is in Ogden, Utah. Branch campuses are in Provo, Utah; Salt Lake City, Utah; Logan, Utah; Idaho Falls, Idaho; and Boise, Idaho; and St. George, Utah.
Accreditation.
Stevens-Henager is an accredited member of Accrediting Commission of Career Schools and Colleges (ACCSC). College Degree Programs are accredited by national accrediting bodies recognized by the U.S. Department of Education providing accreditation to non-university postsecondary colleges. Stevens-Henager's Medical Specialties Program is accredited by the Commission on Accreditation of Allied Health Education Programs (CAAHEP) upon Curriculum Review Board of the American Association of Medical Assistants Endowment (CRB-AAMAE) recommendation. Accreditation Review Committee on Education in Surgical Technology (ARC-ST) and Committee on Accreditation for Respiratory Care (CoARC) have recommended the accreditation of Surgical Technology Program and Respiratory Therapy Program, currently offered by the College. 
Stevens-Henager is not regionally accredited.
Courses and costs.
The college offers assorted degree courses in the fields of medicine, healthcare, accounting, computers, business, and graphic arts. An associate's degree is estimated to cost $42,430, a bachelor's degree is estimated to cost $74,790 and master's degrees are estimated to cost $28,482. Unlike other schools, these costs include all books, tuition, computer for student to use while in school and keep when they graduate. The school practices a policy of "never bring unwelcome surprises". This means that as an all-inclusive program a student can fully understand the true costs of the school instead of find out they are in much more debt than necessary or anticipated.

</doc>
<doc id="2933525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933525" title="Chokkan 2 (Nogashita Sakana wa Ōkiizo!)">
Chokkan 2 (Nogashita Sakana wa Ōkiizo!)

History.
The single's standard cover features the girls as numbers on a mobile phone keypad. The title track was originally from their sixth album "Ai no Dai 6 Kan", titled "Chokkan (Toki Toshite Koi wa)". Originally, the title track was going to be the coupling track, "Koi wa Hassō Do the Hustle!", but was changed due to unpopularity during live concert performances shortly prior to the single's release. Tsunku later stated that the original song had been such a success during the group's 2005 spring tour that he also wanted to add it to the autumn tour's set-list. While watching footage of the autumn tour, which he did not attend, he came up with the lyrics to what would later become "Chokkan 2", wondering if all of the excitement during the performance of the song was a "message from the fans." As well as new lyrics, the song was given an altered dance routine. Yet another remix of the song, "Chokkan 2 (Nogashita Sakana wa Ookiizo! (Mattaku Sono Toori Remix))", appeared on their seventh album "Rainbow 7", released in February 2006.
Random copies of the initial pressing of the single contained a special card purchasers could fill out and send in, to try to win a limited edition poster of the member of their choice (limited to 1,000 posters of each member, a total of 10,000 posters were to be given away). In mid-December, the posters were sent to the winning entrants.

</doc>
<doc id="2933527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933527" title="Bidart">
Bidart

Bidart () is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.
It is located in the traditional Basque province of Labourd.

</doc>
<doc id="2933529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933529" title="Biriatou">
Biriatou

Biriatou (Basque "Biriatu") is a village in the traditional Basque province of Labourd, now a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.
The village lies on the edge of a hill rising east to the minor mount Xoldokogaina (486 m), the first noticeable prominence across the Spanish-French border at the lower Bidasoa. The hiking trail GR 10 crosses the village, heading east through the southern side of Xoldokogaina.
European road carriers and travellers are acquainted with the name, Basque for 'gate/pass of the way' ("bide" + "ate"), on account of the border customs and toll at the AP-8 - A-63 motorway to the west of the actual village, often jammed with vehicles and long queues.

</doc>
<doc id="2933531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933531" title="Singaporean measures against avian influenza">
Singaporean measures against avian influenza

Singapore has taken a series of measures against avian influenza and the potential threat of a pandemic.
Status.
As of October 17, 2005, there were no cases of H5N1 avian influenza detected in Singapore, either in humans or poultry.
Threat.
A major avian influenza pandemic will be very costly in terms of human lives as well as economic losses, especially in the densely populated city-state of Singapore.
Bird flu has infected poultry in large parts of Asia since 2003, killing at least 65 people, mostly in Vietnam and Thailand. Millions of birds have been culled to stop the spread of the disease. In October 2005, strain of the bird flu virus was detected in Turkey and Romania indicating that the avian flu was spreading from Asia to Europe. Most of the human deaths so far have been linked to contact with sick birds. But the World Health Organization has said that the virus could mutate into a form that is more easily transmitted from human to human and possibly triggering a pandemic reminiscent of the 1918 flu epidemic that killed tens of millions worldwide.
In Thailand, a probable case of human-to-human transmission of H5N1 virus was reported in the northern province of Kamphaeng Phet. This is consistent with current knowledge of the behaviour of H5N1 virus that inefficient, limited human-to-human transmission may occur on rare occasions. As of 17 October 2005, evidence indicated that spread among humans has been limited to this cases, nonetheless, surveillance has been intensified in the province.
Risk assumption.
When planning the response, it is assumed that the first local human case is likely to be imported from affected countries and is difficult to prevent. The virus, which is more infectious than SARS, is likely to spread quickly and has a high morbidity and mortality.
There will not be any vaccine initially, and the vaccine development will take at least 4 to 6 months. Even when developed, initial supply of the vaccine will be limited.
Measures.
Health advisory.
On 24 October 2005, the Ministry of Health issued a public advisory calling for several groups of people to get themselves vaccinated against flu. They include
Those planning to travel to the Northern Hemisphere over the next few months are also encouraged to get a flu vaccine at least a week or two before departure.
The Ministry also advised extra precaution for travellers to areas affected by the avian influenza outbreak including countries in Asia (Indonesia, Thailand, Vietnam and China) and Europe (Turkey, Romania, Greece, Russia). Travellers are advised avoid contact with poultry such as chickens, geese, ducks, pigeons and wild birds and not go to places such as commercial or backyard poultry farms and markets selling live birds. They are advised not to handle or eat raw or undercooked poultry or foods containing uncooked poultry, including eggs.
Those who develop flu-like symptoms should seek medical help promptly, and inform the doctors of their travel history.
Surveillance.
Surveillance for influenza involves monitoring for virus strains and disease activity. A nation-wide reporting scheme for acute respiratory infections has been established. The National Influenza Centre routinely carried out virological testing of respiratory samples from hospitals and polyclinics.
The Agri-Food and Veterinary Authority (AVA) also carries out routine surveillance on poultry.
The Jurong Bird Park has put 19 chickens, bred without any immunity, in all its aviaries to help detect the presence of any infectious disease.
Ban on live poultry.
In June 2005, a ban was imposed on keeping live poultry in Pulau Ubin, this is to prevent infection on the livestock by migratory birds.
Hospital and medicine.
To tackle a possible outbreak of bird flu, Singapore is increasing its resource such as isolation facilities in hospitals and stockpiling medicine. These medicines include Tamiflu and Relenza. As of November 2005, the country has supplies to treat 430,000 people. By sometime in 2006, there will be enough stockpile anti-viral medication for one quarter of the population. A priority plan has been outlined as to who will get these anti-viral drugs first when a bird flu pandemic breaks out and the first people to receive the drugs would be health workers, and those involved in essential services like power and public order.
Outbreak response plan.
In the event of an outbreak, Singapore will resume health screening of all visitors, as during the 2003 SARS crisis and quarantine suspected victims.
Travel restrictions or advisories would be issued to restrict travel to and from countries which had outbreaks of bird flu.
All persons presenting with the abrupt onset of signs and symptoms will be treated with anti-virals. Front-line healthcare workers in hospitals and polyclinics will also be given anti-viral prophylaxis for the duration of the pandemic.
Funding.
In January 2006, Singapore announced that it will contribute S$1 million over three years to the global fund-raising effort to fight bird flu, specifically for ASEAN countries.

</doc>
<doc id="2933532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933532" title="Boucau">
Boucau

Boucau (; ) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.
It is located in the province of Labourd.

</doc>
<doc id="2933535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933535" title="Espelette">
Espelette

Espelette (, ) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.
It lies in the traditional Basque province of Labourd.
Sights.
The town is attractive with traditional Labourd houses and a castle. The protected sixteenth century church, Saint-Etienne, has a Baroque altarpiece and its graveyard has many traditional Basque discoidal tombstones. There is also the grave of local woman Agnès Souret the first woman ever chosen as Miss France in 1920. She died in Argentina aged 26 in 1928 and her body was repatriated to Espelette by her mother who sold most of her possessions to provide a resting place for her daughter.
Red peppers.
Espelette is known for its dried red peppers, used whole or ground to a hot powder, used in the production of Bayonne ham. The peppers are designated as Appellation d'Origine Contrôlée and are hung to dry outside many of the houses and shops in the village during the summer. The peppers are sold in the town's Wednesday covered market and are honoured in a festival on the last Sunday in October.

</doc>
<doc id="2933543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933543" title="Electronic funds transfer">
Electronic funds transfer

Electronic funds transfer (EFT) is the electronic exchange, transfer of money from one account to another, either within a single financial institution or across multiple institutions, through computer-based systems.
The term covers a number of different concepts;

</doc>
<doc id="2933544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933544" title="Tucson Citizen">
Tucson Citizen

The Tucson Citizen was a daily newspaper in Tucson, Arizona. It was founded by Richard C. McCormick with John Wasson as publisher and editor on October 15, 1870 as the "Arizona Citizen".
When it ceased printing on May 16, 2009, the daily circulation was approximately 17,000, down from a high of 60,000 in the 1960s. The "Citizen" published as Tucson's afternoon paper, six days per week (except Sunday, when only the "Arizona Daily Star" (Tucson's morning paper during the week) was published as part of the two papers' joint operating agreement).
The "Tucson Citizen" was the oldest continuously published newspaper in Arizona at the time it ceased publication.
History.
Founder Richard C. McCormick had originally been the owner of the "Arizonan". However when the editor of the "Arizonan" refused to support the Richard C. McCormick's re-election as congressional delegate for the territory of Arizona, McCormick took the press and started the "Arizona Citizen" with Wasson. During the mid-1880s, the newspaper was known as the "Tucson Weekly Citizen". Allen B. Jaynes was owner, manager and editor of the "Tucson Citizen" between 1901 and 1920. He was very involved in the statehood of Arizona and is in the Arizona Newspaper Hall of Fame. William A. Small, his wife, and William H. Johnson invested in the newspaper in the late 1930s. Johnson sold his share to Small in 1964, and Small turned control over to his son, William A. Small Jr. in 1966 when he retired.
In 1976, the "Citizen" was sold to Gannett Company, Inc..
Editor and Publisher Michael Chihak retired from the "Citizen" and Gannett on July 3, 2008. Senior Editor Jennifer Boice and Editorial Editor Mark Kimble co-filled the position in the interim, until the end of publication.
In January 2009, the Gannett Company, owner of the paper since the mid-1970s, announced it would close the "Citizen" by March 21 if a buyer were not found, though on March 17, 2009, Gannett announced the paper would remain open past that closing date because it was in negotiations with two potential buyers. However, those negotiations did not bear fruit, and on May 15, 2009, Gannett announced that the final print edition would appear the following day, and that the "Citizen" would thereafter be an Internet publication. The last print edition was delivered on May 16, 2009.
Gannett's attempted sale and closure of the "Citizen" was the subject of an investigation by the U.S. Justice Department and court action by Arizona Attorney General Terry Goddard.
Online publication.
The successor site, TucsonCitizen.com, edited by the paper's former assistant city editor, Mark B. Evans, described itself as "a compendium of blogs . . . written by Tucsonans for Tucsonans. The bloggers and citizen journalists here provide news, information, opinion, commentary and perspective on the issues, interests and events that affect daily life in the Old Pueblo." It was a division of Gannett Company, Inc., and a partner of Tucson Newspapers. The site closed on January 31, 2014.
Several former "Citizen" staffers founded TucsonSentinel.com, a nonprofit online news site, after the newspaper was closed.

</doc>
<doc id="2933546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933546" title="Claresholm">
Claresholm

Claresholm is a town located within southern Alberta, Canada. It is located on Highway 2, approximately northwest of the City of Lethbridge and south of the City of Calgary.
One of the Famous Five involved in the Persons Case, Louise McKinney, lived in Claresholm and was elected as the Member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta for the area in the 1917 provincial election.
History.
The location was originally a watering stop for steam engines on the Canadian Pacific Railway line along the Macleod Trail when the trains first arrived in the area in 1891. The first settlers arrived in 1902, and the village was established in 1903. Claresholm was incorporated as a town in 1905, the year when Alberta became a province of Canada.
In 1913, Alberta established a demonstration farm and School of Agriculture at Claresholm. The first hospital in Claresholm opened in 1921 and was replaced by the current hospital in 1939.
Royal Canadian Air Force Station Claresholm was established near the town in 1941 to train pilots for service in World War II. It first opened June 9, 1941 as a British Commonwealth Air Training Plan base. No. 15 Service Flying Training School operated at the base from its opening until March 1945. In 1951, the base was used to train pilots for the Korean War and operated as No. 3 Flying Training School. It also trained NATO pilots. The base closed in 1958 and the hangars were converted to industrial use. A portion of the former base also operated as an industrial airport. Among the artifacts in the Claresholm Museum from the air base is a Link Trainer.
Geography.
Climate.
Claresholm experiences a humid continental climate (Köppen climate classification "Dfb"). During winter, Chinook winds have been known to move temperatures from well below freezing to well above in a matter of hours.
Demographics.
In the 2011 Census, the Town of Claresholm had a population of 3,758 living in 1,635 of its 1,756 total dwellings, a 1.6% change from its 2006 population of 3,700. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2011.
In 2006, Claresholm had a population of 3,700 living in 1,644 dwellings, a 2.2% increase from 2001. The town has a land area of and a population density of .

</doc>
<doc id="2933553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933553" title="Western Institute of Technology and Higher Education">
Western Institute of Technology and Higher Education

The Western Institute of Technology and Higher Education or Western Technological and Higher Studies Institute (in Spanish: Instituto Tecnológico y de Estudios Superiores de Occidente, ITESO), whose tagline is Universidad Jesuita de Guadalajara—distinct from the state University of Guadalajara—is a Jesuit university in the Western Mexican state of Jalisco, located in the municipality of Tlaquepaque in the Guadalajara Metropolitan Area.
The university has approximately 10,000 students and offers academic options including Civil Engineering and Architecture, Food Engineering, Education, Electronic Engineering, International Business, International Relations, Chemical Engineering, Philosophy and Social Studies and Networks and Telecommunications Engineering. The university is affiliated to the Jesuit University System, which includes the Iberoamerican Universities in Mexico City, León, Torreón, Puebla and Tijuana.
ITESO was first conceived by a group of Jesuits, families and local businesspeople who sought to lay the material and spiritual foundations for a different kind of university. Their proposal was to combine professional training with the education of men and women who would go out into the world with a firm sense of social responsibility and justice.
ITESO is the only university in Jalisco with the Registration as an Institution of Academic Excellence, awarded by Mexico’s Ministry of Public Education. It is the first private university of the central-western region of Mexico to offer graduate programs of excellence recognized by the National Council of Science and Technology ("Consejo Nacional de Ciencia y Tecnología", CONACYT) and the Mexican Society for the Public Communication of Science and Technology (SOMEDICYT). Among private universities in the country, ITESO has the greatest number of professors in the National System of Researchers (SNI), the greatest number of books published, as well as an outstanding library.
Business projects.
ITESO has a close relationship with businesses in the region through two types of extension activities:
Business extension, which fosters ongoing strategic alliances among independent businesses for the purpose of reaching common objectives in the development of competitive capacity.
Academic extension, which sets up internships in the productive sector as learning experiences for university students.
ITESO also has an enterprise incubation program that provides expert consulting for new business start-ups.
The Institutional Program for Managing Innovation and Technology ("Programa Institucional para la Gestión de la Innovación y la Tecnología", PROGINNT), in conjunction with industry and different support organizations such as the Avance Program of the CONACYT, the Fund for Small and Medium-Sized Businesses (PYME) of the Ministry of the Economy and the State Council for Science and Technology (COECYTJAL), helps regional organizations to increase their competitiveness through proper technological management. A three-phase model is used: technological diagnosis, strategic and technological planning, and administration of technological innovation projects.
This program not only coordinates the Certificate Program in Innovation and Technology Management, which seeks to foment change in the local business culture, but also offers the services of a technology-based enterprise incubator for generating high-tech business initiatives. The model provides key consulting services for the new businesses, and focuses on such sectors as food processing, pharmaceuticals, software development and electronic design, all identified as priority areas for the Jalisco economy.
It also offers the services of its Center for Business Consulting, to help businesses implement mechanisms for managing technology, and a Center for Competitive Intelligence, which does technology and market research, including trend studies; forecasts; strategic, market and patent studies; corporate and sectorial profiles; and other services.
Educational partnerships.
Regis University and ITESO have created a joint MBA program to prepare Latin American and U.S. Latino executives/entrepreneurs for the rising opportunities of emerging economies around the world. Many future economic opportunities will depend on innovative economic policies and creative business strategies that unravel the challenges associated with emerging firms and markets in the global economy.
This is the first graduate business program in Latin America designed to develop successful entrepreneurial and business skills for emerging markets. The program also covers innovative strategies to enter and expand operations in developed markets. Economists and business experts agree that emerging economies such as China, Brazil, Russia, India and many others, are reshaping globalization and renewing horizons for the world economy.
Social Service projects.
Among the most significant sources of experience and learning for students are the social service projects, which consolidate ITESO’s commitment to social transformation by forming leaders that are sensitive to the region’s and country’s needs.
Some of the over 200 social projects in which the University participates are:
"Southern Region", sustainable development in southern Jalisco
"Sierra Wixárika", protection of the Huichol Indians’ territory and environment, improvement of productive systems, education and health
"Alternative Rural Financing System", which offers poor families from rural areas of Jalisco organizational, administrative and financial tools for raising their standard of living
Environmental projects.
ITESO proposes feasible alternatives for problems affecting our surroundings, from an environmental and sustainable development perspective. Environmental programs within the University such as "ITESO, Sustainable Community," and its facilities in the Primavera Forest, complement rural sustainable development projects in impoverished regions of Jalisco, Chiapas and Veracruz. Since the year 2000, ITESO has taken part in a number of reforestation projects, as well as campaigns for preventing and combating forest fires, and received the Environmental Conservation Merit award in 2002. This recognition is given by the University of Guadalajara and the Citizens for the Environment.

</doc>
<doc id="2933554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933554" title="USS Trippe (DD-403)">
USS Trippe (DD-403)

The third USS "Trippe" (DD-403) was a in the United States Navy. She was named for John Trippe.
Operational history.
"Trippe" was laid down on 15 April 1937 by the Boston Navy Yard, launched on 14 May 1938; sponsored by Miss Betty S. Trippe and placed in commission on 1 November 1939, Lt. Comdr. Robert L. Campbell in command.
"Trippe" spent the remainder of 1939 outfitting at Boston. In January 1940, she visited Newport, Rhode Island, to take on torpedoes and Yorktown, Virginia, to load depth charges before heading for the Gulf of Mexico. Following shakedown training in the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean, she returned to Boston on 20 March 1940. After completing her post-shakedown overhaul, "Trippe" departed Boston on 24 June ultimately to join the Caribbean portion of the Neutrality Patrol. She voyaged via Hampton Roads to San Juan, Puerto Rico, where she arrived early in July only to return north at mid-month for a two-day visit to Washington, D.C.. On 26 July, "Trippe" entered San Juan once more to begin Neutrality Patrol duty in earnest.
For eight months, the destroyer roamed the warm waters of the West Indies to prevent the European belligerents from waging war in the western hemisphere. During that period, she escorted , with President Franklin Roosevelt embarked, upon a tour of bases in the Caribbean. She saw the President safely into Charleston, South Carolina, on 14 December and then headed for Philadelphia and quick repairs. After a two day visit to Norfolk at the end of the first week in January 1941, "Trippe" steamed south to Guantánamo Bay, Cuba, where she conducted neutrality patrols until spring.
North Atlantic duty.
On 21 March, the warship began a two-month overhaul at Boston. On 24 April, while "Trippe" continued repairs, President Roosevelt extended the Neutrality Patrol to the very edge of the German war zone. When "Trippe" emerged from her refit in May, she visited Norfolk and then trained out of Newport until early June. On 11 June, she joined the screen of for her first extended patrol in the North Atlantic. On 29 June, "Texas" and her escorts passed through the periscope sights of a U-boat. The puzzled German captain almost perpetrated an incident by attacking; but, unable to match Task Force 1's speed, he gave up the chase late that afternoon. Blissfully unaware of the danger, the battleship steamed on with "Trippe" and her sister destroyers. The following day, they ended their patrol at Newport.
"Trippe" continued patrolling out of Newport, first with "Texas" and then with , through July and the first fortnight in August. On 15 August, the warship shifted her base to Boston and Provincetown. On 25 April, she cleared Boston to escort to NS Argentia, Newfoundland. After more than a month of training and antisubmarine operations off Newfoundland, "Trippe" departed Argentia on 11 October in company with , , , , and seven other destroyers. After anchoring briefly at Casco Bay, Maine and patrolling the area between that port and Boston the warships headed for a mid-ocean rendezvous to relieve the Royal Navy escort of a westbound convoy. On her return voyage, "Trippe" parted company with the escort off Portland, Maine, and put into Casco Bay. On 9 November, she departed the Maine coast in the screen of , , and "Quincy" to meet another westbound convoy and escort it to the United States.
World War II.
In mid-November, "Trippe" escorted "Ranger" south to the West Indies and screened flight operations conducted from that carrier in the vicinity of Trinidad until early December. She was returning north with the carrier on 7 December when the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor jolted the United States into World War II. America's entry into the war, however, did not change "Trippe's" assignment. She continued to escort transatlantic convoys and to hunt U-boats. She stopped at Norfolk for a week and then headed for Newport on 10 December. Just before dawn on 16 December, an Army bomber approached her from the north and after making several passes dropped a stick of bombs and reported sinking a German destroyer in Block Island Sound. "Trippe" emerged unscathed the bombs exploded some 200 yards off her bow and continued on to Newport where she arrived that same day.
Over the next 10 months, "Trippe" was all over the northwestern Atlantic. She escorted coastwise traffic between ports along the eastern seaboard. She relieved British warships in mid-ocean and escorted their convoys into American ports as well as screening eastbound convoys as far as mid-ocean where British warships took over. The destroyer patrolled off such diverse places as Argentia, Newfoundland and the North Carolina capes. Her escort duties took her as far south as the Panama Canal and the West Indies, as far north as Newfoundland, and on one occasion, as far east as Londonderry Port in Northern Ireland. Twice, "Trippe" searched for survivors of torpedoed merchantmen once off Hampton Roads early in February and again near Bermuda in June. She also made two fruitless attacks on what she believed to be submerged U-boats. Now and then, she even found time to conduct drills and gunnery training.
In October 1942, "Trippe" cleared the Chesapeake Bay area and steamed north to Newport where she arrived on the 7th. For the next two weeks, she operated with while the new battleship practiced shore bombardment for the upcoming invasion of French North Africa. During the pre-dawn hours of 19 October, she was steaming for Casco Bay when struck "Trippe" on her starboard quarter, killing four "Trippe" crewmen and injuring three others. On 13 November, "Trippe" completed repairs at New York and got underway for antisubmarine warfare training at New London, Connecticut.
Following almost a month of training and escorting coastal convoys, "Trippe" departed New York in the screen of her first convoy bound for Casablanca. She returned to New York on 7 February 1943 and conducted more training. In April, the destroyer made another round-trip voyage to Morocco and escorted a coastal convoy to Norfolk before heading for the Mediterranean. On 10 May, the warship arrived at Oran, Algeria. She then screened convoys between that port and Bizerte, conducted patrols, and practiced shore bombardment in preparation to support the Allied landings on Sicily.
On 9 July, the destroyer left Oran in the screen of a Sicily-bound convoy and was still at sea when Allied troops clambered ashore the following day. She arrived off Gela on the 14th, the day following the landings at that port, and patrolled that area until the 20th when she returned to Oran. However, the destroyer arrived back at Sicily the same day this time at Palermo. Three days later, the Luftwaffe attacked the anchorage. To elude radar, the German medium bombers approached from the south, low over the Sicilian mountains, and circled the targets. As "Trippe" zigzagged to evade bombing and strafing planes, her 5-inch battery barked defiantly. When the raid was over, she claimed credit for one of the German eagles
Up north, while Lieutenant General George S. Patton's armored columns moved across the northern coast of Sicily and sidestepped heavy enemy formations with amphibious landings, the Navy supported his advance. "Trippe" left Palermo on 4 August in company with to support the advance with naval gunfire. On the 5th, she bombarded bridges at Terranova. During the next two days, the destroyer joined before supporting the landings at Sant Agato di Militello. "Trippe's" guns paved the way for the troops landing at Brolo on the 11th, and, on the 16th, her main battery supported the amphibious end-run at Spadafora. The following day, Sicily was declared secured, and "Trippe" headed north with three PT boats to accept the surrender of the Aeolian Islands of Lipari and Stromboli.
The Italian mainland was the destroyer's next target. In the early hours of 20 August, "Trippe" and shelled a railroad bridge at Fiume Petrace, then turned south to Bizerte and escorted a convoy to Palermo. Trippe next returned to Bizerte and, on 31 August, proceeded to Oran.
British troops landed at Reggio, Italy, on 3 September to begin the long, bitter drive up the Italian peninsula. Two days later, "Trippe" put to sea to escort a convoy to the assault beaches at Salerno, just south of Naples. This attack, aimed at turning German defenses in the south of Italy, was launched on the morning of 9 September 1943. The troops ran into heavy enemy resistance. The Luftwaffe and heavy coastal batteries took a heavy toll of the landing force, but Trippe and other fire support ships brought their batteries to bear and helped the troops ashore consolidate their beachhead.
After several round-trip voyages between Salerno and Oran, she returned to the Bay of Naples on 10 October. Early on the morning of the 13th, while "Trippe" was escorting a convoy from Naples to Oran, the attacked the convoy and quickly sank . "Trippe" searched briefly for the attacker, but concentrated upon rescuing Bristol's survivors, so the U-boat escaped.
"Trippe" occupied the next month with convoy operations in the western Mediterranean and patrol work off Oran. On 18 November, she sailed from Gibraltar with and a screen of British and United States destroyers. Off Casablanca, they rendezvoused with battleship , which had just borne President Roosevelt on the first leg of his journey to the Allied conferences at Cairo and Tehran. "Trippe" escorted Iowa through the Straits of Gibraltar to Oran then screened the battleship as she steamed westward again through the Straits into the Atlantic and proceeded to Casablanca to await President Roosevelt's return. After shepherding her charge to that port, "Trippe" turned back to Algiers and resumed her patrol operations.
On the afternoon of 16 December, the destroyer put to sea in company with and to hunt for the survivors of a torpedoed merchantman. While searching for castaways, the three warships also sought the U boat itself. Early that evening, they made radar contact on steaming on the surface. "Woolsey" switched on her searchlights, and "Trippe's" fire control radar locked onto the target. The two destroyers immediately opened up with their main batteries and pumped salvo after salvo of 5-inch shells into the German submarine. Six minutes after visual contact, "U-73" went down for the last time all the way to the bottom. While "Woolsey" picked up the German submariners, "Trippe" made sure that U-78 had no colleagues lurking in the area. The destroyers then returned to Oran.
At the beginning of 1944, the destroyer was at Palermo, Sicily. On 21 January, she got underway to support the Allied landings at Anzio, located farther up the Italian peninsula near Rome. The next day, she took station with "Brooklyn" and "Edison", and her guns supported the troops going ashore. Two days later, she fought off a Luftwaffe air attack. She returned to gunfire support on the 25th and bombarded enemy troops and vehicles. On 31 January, she pounded troop concentrations and vehicles and demolished an observation post. "Trippe" hit two German strong points on 5 February. She was relieved of duty on the gunline on 10 February and returned to Oran, rescuing two downed British flyers along the way.
On 23 February, "Trippe" steamed to Casablanca where she joined a hunter-killer group built around and got underway for the United States. During the voyage, the escort carrier and the five destroyers in her screen conducted air, sound, and radar searches for German submarines. "Trippe" parted company with the task unit on 4 March and, after a stop at Bermuda, put into New York for a month of upkeep. Following refresher training, she conducted hunterkiller operations out of Casco Bay. Late in May, she escorted on the first leg of the new carrier's shakedown cruise before joining for electronics countermeasure experiments in Chesapeake Bay. She put into Norfolk on 3 June, but departed the next day with for air operations off the Virginia capes. From 19 June until Independence Day 1944, "Trippe" conducted exercises in the Gulf of Paria near Trinidad. On 9 July, she returned to Boston with "Hancock" and began a 19 day availability. Between 28 July and 23 October, the destroyer made two round-trip voyages between the United States and southern Italy escorting convoys to and from that bitterly contested campaign. For the remainder of the year, she conducted training near Casco Bay and screened during air operations near Trinidad. Late in February 1945, "Trippe" escorted another convoy to the Mediterranean, this time to Oran. She returned to New York during the first week in April and began a brief yard period.
Repairs complete, "Trippe" headed south with a convoy bound for the Canal Zone. She transited the canal, stopped at San Diego, and arrived in Pearl Harbor on 16 May. She spent several weeks in the Hawaiian Islands conducting shore bombardment drills in preparation for duty with the 5th Fleet in the Central Pacific. However, the landings for which she prepared never came to fruition. Instead, the ship headed west in mid June and escorted convoys between various islands in the Central Pacific, including Iwo Jima, Saipan, Ulithi, and Okinawa. The brevity of her stopovers protected her from the wrath of the kamikazes. She was en route to Okinawa with a convoy on 15 August, when she received word of the cessation of hostilities.
Post war.
"Trippe" remained in the Far East participating in the surrender negotiations with Japanese garrisons remaining in the Marianas and Bonin Islands. On 5 November, she returned to Saipan and began a month of patrols, training, and air-sea rescue operations north of that island. On 16 December, she cleared Guam to return to the United States.
Her homecoming was brief, however, for on 16 January 1946, she steamed back to Pearl Harbor to prepare for Operation Crossroads, the atomic bomb tests conducted at Bikini Atoll. Four months later, the tests were ready to go forward. "Trippe" entered Bikini lagoon on 1 June. The destroyer missed the first explosion, an air-burst on 1 July; but the second test, an underwater detonation on the 26th, made her so radioactive that it was unsafe to approach her. "Trippe's" radioactive contamination forced the Navy to keep her at Bikini where she was subjected to an intensive study. "Trippe" was decommissioned there on 28 August 1946. Over the next 18 months, her hull deteriorated to the point of making it almost impossible to keep her afloat. On 3 February 1948, she was towed to deep water off Kwajalein and sunk by gunfire. Her name was struck from the Navy List on 19 February 1948.
Honors.
Trippe earned six battle stars for World War II service.

</doc>
<doc id="2933556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933556" title="Happy Rockefeller">
Happy Rockefeller

Margaretta Large Fitler Murphy Rockefeller (born June 9, 1926), known as Happy Rockefeller, is the widow of Nelson Aldrich Rockefeller (1908–1979), who was the 41st Vice President of the United States of America and a Governor of New York. She was the Second Lady of the United States from 1974–1977.
Childhood and family.
Margaretta Large Fitler was born at Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania in 1926. A daughter of Margaretta Large Harrison and her first husband, William Wonderly Fitler, Jr., an heir to a cordage fortune, Rockefeller is known by her nickname, "Happy", given to her for her childhood disposition. She is a great-great-granddaughter of Union general George Gordon Meade, the commander at the Battle of Gettysburg.
Marriages.
Her first husband, from December 11, 1945 until their divorce on April 1, 1963, was James Slater Murphy, a virologist associated with Rockefeller Institute who was a close friend of Nelson Rockefeller. They had four children: James B. Murphy 2nd, Margaretta Harrison Murphy, Carol Slater Murphy, and Malinda Fitler Murphy (1960-2005), who married Francis Menotti, the adopted son of composer Gian Carlo Menotti.
At the home of Laurance S. Rockefeller in Pocantico Hills, New York, on May 4, 1963, a month after her divorce—which was granted for reasons of what "The New York Times" called "grievous mental anguish" and her former husband's lawyer called "irreconcilable differences"—she married Gov. Nelson Rockefeller. She previously had worked as a member of his office staff until her resignation in 1961. He had divorced his first wife, Mary Todhunter Clark, on March 16, 1962. Happy and Nelson Rockefeller had two sons: Nelson Rockefeller, Jr. (born 1964) and Mark Rockefeller (born 1967).
Happy Murphy's involvement with Gov. Rockefeller was controversial at the time. As the British journalist Lady Jeanne Campbell wrote in the London "Evening Standard", when the Murphy-Rockefeller involvement became a subject of media scrutiny after the announcement of Rockefeller's filing for divorce from his first wife and Happy Murphy's resignation from his staff, "Already people are comparing Happy Murphy to the Duchess of Windsor when she was plain Mrs. Simpson." More damaging still was the political fallout. Echoing the party-wide concerns, an official of the Michigan Republican Party told "The New York Times" that the couple's potential marriage likely would cost Rockefeller the 1964 presidential nomination. "The rapidity of it all—he gets a divorce, she gets a divorce—and the indication of the break-up of two homes. Our country doesn't like broken homes."
Philanthropy and political life.
Happy Rockefeller served as the chairman of the board for the Saratoga Performing Arts Center in 1971. She was appointed as a public delegate to the United Nations by President George H. W. Bush in 1991.
Health.
She is a breast cancer survivor, having undergone a double mastectomy in 1974, two weeks after Betty Ford underwent the same operation.

</doc>
<doc id="2933565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933565" title="God's Acre">
God's Acre

God's Acre (German "Gottesacker", lit. "Field of God") is an ancient Germanic designation for a burial ground. 
In Christianity.
It has become the traditional name given to the graveyards of Congregations of the Moravian Church. The first Moravian God's Acre was begun in 1730 on the western slope of the Hutberg (Hill of Watching) at Herrnhut Saxony in Germany, the Moravian Mother Congregation. As the Moravian Church spread around the world, they laid out their graveyards on hilltops, calling them "Hutberg" and naming the graveyard "God's Acre".The name comes from the belief that the bodies of the dead are "sown as seed" in God's Acre, as in a field, so that they can rise again when Jesus Christ returns to the world. God's Acre is not literally one acre in size; many are larger or smaller.
Moravians believe strongly in equality, even in death; therefore, every stone in a God's Acre is a recumbent stone with the same proportions and made of the same material so that no one person stands out among the stones. The Communion of Saints is continued even on the graveyard as it reflects the continuity of the congregation. In addition, the deceased are buried by "choir"; to the Moravians, these were the living groups into which the Congregation was originally divided to meet the needs of the members according to their age and station in life. Originally men and women sat in their choir groups in church at worship. The burial by choir in God's Acre also reflects the way the members of the congregation sat as a worshipping community so that visually and symbolically the Congregation continues in the graveyard.
Along with being separated by gender, there are also sections for people of different age and marital status. The typical configuration has sections for infant girls and infant boys, girls and boys, single men and single women, and married men and married women known as the choir system. The deceased are buried in their section in the order they have died. Smaller God's Acres may combine the infant and children sections. Some larger God's Acres, such as the one for the Salem Congregation in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, may also have separate sections for those who are cremated, as their remains take up less space than those who are buried with their bodies intact. 
In addition to the God's Acre on the Hutberg in Herrnhut and the God's Acre of Salem Congregation in Winston-Salem, N.C. there are striking God's Acres in almost every Moravian Congregation, including in Chelsea Moravian Burial Ground (part of London) in the United Kingdom, Bethlehem and Nazareth, Pennsylvania, Bethania in North Carolina and Koenigsfeld in the Black Forest of Germany. Many God's Acres also feature arched entrance gates inscribed with an appropriate Bible verse along the top; if there is more than one entrance to the Acre, each gate will usually have a verse above it.
Many Moravian churches have a custom of holding an Easter sunrise service, or "Resurrection Service" in a God's Acre, the "Church Militant" gathering together amid the graves of the "Church Triumphant" before the Risen Savior. The week prior to the service, families and church groups clean the gravestones and decorate them with flowers, transforming the God's Acre into an almost-garden like place. The opening words of the Resurrection Service, ""The Lord is risen!/The Lord is risen indeed!"" date from the first such Moravian-style service in Herrnhut, Germany in 1732. The liturgy for the service is a Confession of Faith drawn up by Nicolaus Ludwig, Count von Zinzendorf (1700–1760) patron and leader of the Renewed Unitas Fratrum. It is based on Dr. Martin Luther's Small Catechism.
Blackville, South Carolina.
's Acre also refers to a small patch of land whose legal owner is "God Almighty". The land includes a natural spring whose water local tradition holds has healing powers. Located near Blackville, South Carolina, the land was owned by L. P. "Lute" Boylston until 1944 when he died. In his will, Boylston gave the land to "God Almighty" to ensure that the water from its spring would always be free for anyone to drink. It can be found just off SC 3; look for signs three miles (5 km) north of Blackville. Coordinates: 33.392160, -81.273276 The Springs are listed as part of the South Carolina National Heritage Corridor. There is also a nearby historical marker on SC 3.
New Canaan, Connecticut.
A section of town in New Canaan, Connecticut, where there are three large, white churches side by side, is referred to locally as "God's Acre", although the area is actually less than an acre and the name came about because the area was once a cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="2933566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933566" title="Getaria, Gipuzkoa">
Getaria, Gipuzkoa

Getaria is a coastal town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, in the North of Spain.
Its most famous sons are Juan Sebastián Elcano, captain of the Nao Victoria, Admiral Miguel de Oquendo, who commanded the Guipúzcoa Squadron of the Spanish Armada, the explorer Domingo de Bonechea, and the couturier Cristóbal Balenciaga Eizaguirre.
In May 2012, a two-man team from Getaria won Google's "Model Your Town" competition by creating a complete 3D representation of their hometown. The team will be rewarded with a US$25,000 contribution to a local school and a party honoring the team and town.
Notes.
http://www.getaria3d.com

</doc>
<doc id="2933568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933568" title="Bluenose II">
Bluenose II

Bluenose II is a replica of the fishing schooner "Bluenose" which was built in 1963 as a promotional yacht for Oland Brewery and became Nova Scotia's sailing ambassador in 1971. 
Construction.
"Bluenose II" was launched at Lunenburg on 24 July 1963, built to original plans and by some of the same workers. The original captain of "Bluenose", Angus J. Walters, was consulted on the replica's design. The replica was built by Oland Brewery for roughly $300,000 (in 1963 Canadian dollars) as a marketing tool for their "Schooner Lager" beer brand.
Provincial ownership.
"Bluenose II" was sold to the government of Nova Scotia in 1971 for the sum of $1. After a number of years of managing the schooner directly, the province gave possession of the ship to the ""Bluenose II" Preservation Trust". The trust's mandate was to restore the aging schooner to full operational status and continue to operate her for the people of Nova Scotia. Over the winter of 1994–95 the ship’s hull was restored and she was recommissioned in May 1995. During this time "Bluenose II" was involved in the Sponsorship scandal when the federal government allocated $2.3 million for the schooner through a consulting firm but only a small amount of the money reached the vessel. The trust maintained and operated "Bluenose II" until 31 March 2005, when the government of Nova Scotia placed the vessel under the management of the Lunenburg Marine Museum Society at the Fisheries Museum of the Atlantic. In a controversial move the head of the Trust, Senator Wilfred Moore refused to release over $600,000 raised by the trust in the schooner's name to the current operators of "Bluenose II". Moore agreed to turn over the Trust's assets to the province in July 2012 but did not release the financial records from the Trust. "Bluenose II" serves as a goodwill ambassador, tourist attraction in Lunenburg, and symbol of the province. During the summer, she visits ports all around Nova Scotia and frequently sails to other ports on the eastern seaboard. "Bluenose II" has one of the largest mainsails in the world, measuring 386 m² (4,155 ft²). She has a total sail area of 1036 m² (11,150 ft²). In honour of her predecessor, "Bluenose II" does not officially race. Funds for the operation of the ship are raised through charging for passage on the vessel, public donations, and sales in the Fisheries Museum Gift Shop (in Lunenburg), run by the Lunenburg Marine Museum Society.
Current rebuild.
In May 2009, the provincial and federal government announced support for a major restoration of the "Bluenose II". The project is valued at $14.8 million. In July 2010, the Nova Scotia government awarded a $12.5 million contract for the restoration of "Bluenose II" to a consortium of three Nova Scotia shipyards. When the ship was finally relaunched in 2012, after major delays, the final cost was closer to 16 million dollars, just from the Nova Scotian government.
This restoration was not without controversy. Tourism, Culture and Heritage Department sources stated that the restoration was "not intended to create an authentic replica of the original "Bluenose"" and that the builders would not be using the plans. Large portions of the hull were chipped while other small pieces were given away at the rebuilding site in Lunenburg NS. The masts, sails, booms, gaffs, deck boxes, rigging, and some ironwork will go back onto the vessel upon completion. This has led Joan Roue, a descendant of the first "Bluenose"'s designer William Roue and current rights-holder of the design, to question whether this should even be considered the same ship. As almost all of the ship, even the keel has been remade. It can be argued that the "Bluenose II" had so many rebuilds and repairs over the years since she was built in 1963 by the Oland's, that it has not been the same ship for quite some time. The current rebuild aims to have the schooner look more like the original "Bluenose" with smaller deckhouses and more deck space, as the "Bluenose II" was built with yacht accommodation as opposed to the layout of a fishing schooner.
After more than 25 months of reconstruction, "Bluenose II" was relaunched into Lunenburg Harbor on 29 September 2012 from the Lunenburg marine railway followed by festivities at the nearby Fisheries Museum of the Atlantic, however due to repairs not completed, the vessel was pulled back onto land for more work. The vessel was returned to the water on 6 September 2013 and will undergo dock and sea trials before being handed over to the province for tourist duty. As of June 2014, the vessel is currently tied up at the Lunenburg Foundry wharf in Lunenburg, Nova Scotia. Much controversy surrounds the vessel in recent months due to over spending on the "refit" and falsified documents.

</doc>
<doc id="2933569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933569" title="Guadalupe-Nipomo Dunes">
Guadalupe-Nipomo Dunes

Guadalupe-Nipomo Dunes is the largest remaining dune system south of San Francisco and the second largest in the U.S. state of California. It encompasses an stretch of coastline on the Central Coast of California and extends from southern San Luis Obispo County to northern Santa Barbara County.
The Guadalupe-Nipomo Dunes Complex is home to a unique dunes ecosystem as well as many endangered and threatened species of plants and animals. To protect the dunes environment, much of the Complex has been set aside for conservation. In addition, it is recognized as a National Natural Landmark.
Another portion of the Dunes is utilized for recreation, such as camping and Off-Road Vehicle (ORV) use. The Guadalupe-Nipomo Dunes is owned by a number of federal, state, and local agencies, and private companies, organizations and individuals. These include the counties of San Luis Obispo and Santa Barbara, California State Parks, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and the Land Conservancy of San Luis Obispo County.
Attractions.
Within the Guadalupe-Nipomo Dunes Complex are several distinct regions, each managed by different organizations and used for various purposes.
History.
The first known inhabitants of the Guadalupe-Nipomo Dunes were Native Americans of the Chumash tribe; early Spanish maritime explorers noted their settlements. However, Europeans did not travel through the Dunes themselves until September 2-4, 1769,
when members of Don Gaspar de Portolà's overland expedition stayed in the Dunes and shot a skinny bear by the shores of what is now called Oso Flaco Lake. After eating the bear, two of the explorers became sick. The Chumash had poisoned the skinny bear - as a means of protection, they often incapacitated dangerous wildlife by feeding them tainted meat. This incident resulted in the lake's name: Oso Flaco or "Skinny Bear".
In 1923, the epic movie "The Ten Commandments" directed by Cecil B. DeMille, was filmed on the Dunes. At the end of production, the massive sets reproducing ancient Egypt were dismantled and buried on the site to prevent reuse. they remain buried there, despite decades of various schemes for excavation. Some artifacts have been recovered and are on display at The Dunes Visitor Center, while others may be seen from time to time as the dunes shift.
From the 1920s until the 1940s, a group of mystics, nudists, artists, writers, and hermits known as the "Dunites" inhabited the Dunes. They regarded the Dunes as a center of creative energy and published a magazine called "The Dune Forum."
At the same time, oil companies had started buying up Dune land, and in 1948 oil was discovered in the Dunes. Unocal, an oil company, began operating the Guadalupe Oil Field in the 1950s. Over the course of the next forty years, Unocal leaked 18 million gallons of petroleum under the Dunes. In 1994, the company publicly recognized the spill and began cleaning up the site, which lies in San Luis Obispo County immediately north of the Santa Barbara County line.
Starting in the 1970s, measures were taken to protect the natural environment at the Dunes. One of the biggest changes was the restriction of OHVs to the designated Oceano Dunes State Vehicular Recreation Area. This allowed for the other areas of the Dunes to undergo restoration efforts by conservation groups. the process of dune restoration continues.
Geography and environment.
The Guadalupe-Nipomo Dunes were formed by a combination of factors including beach sand which was blown inland by the wind and the Santa Maria River which brought sediment to the coast. Dune-building began 18,000 years ago with the Nipomo and Orcutt Mesas. This Dune System has the highest dunes on the entire western coastline of the United States. Among these, Mussel Rock Dune is the highest, measuring approximately . Another rare geographic treasure is Oso Flaco Lake, a freshwater lake located amid the Dunes.
Even though the Guadalupe-Nipomo Dunes consist of moving sand with extremely low moisture that is seemingly deprived of nutrients, it is home to a variety of flora and fauna. There are at least 18 endangered species of plants living in the Dunes.
The dunes are separated into uplands and wetlands habitats. Uplands include the fore dunes, back dunes, and sandy beaches. The fore dunes begin at the high tide line, where only low growing plants with deep root systems (such as sand verbena) can live. The strong winds, salt spray, and massive amounts of sand make this area uninhabitable for other types of plants. The back dunes, just behind the fore dunes, are stabilized and covered with plants. The back dunes are dominated by shrub species like mock heather, dune lupine, coastal buckwheat, and blochman's senecio. The sandy beaches are a harsh environment with no plants able to survive there. The wetlands include the areas that contain water: salt marshes, fresh and brackish-water marshes, swamps, and mudflats. Plants that live there are adapted to dynamic environmental conditions including high salinity concentration and extreme temperatures.
Weeds have been introduced into the Dunes environment both purposefully and accidentally and threaten the native plant life. Various native plants are being choked out by invasive species like European beach grass.
Many species of animals can be found among the dunes. Over 200 species of birds live there, such as the western snowy plover, American peregrine falcon, California brown pelican, and California least tern. Other animals also depend on the dunes such as the california red-legged frog, coast garter snake, deer, black bear, bobcats, and mountain lions. Beetles, butterflies, lizards, saltwater and freshwater fish inhabit the dunes as well.
Oceano Dunes State Vehicular Recreation Area (SVRA).
The Oceano Dunes is the most popular off-road park in the state because it is the only area in California where people can legally drive on the beach. The Oceano Dunes camping and recreational facility has been a favored site for more than 100 years. Also, with two million visitors a year, the county sees an extra 171 million dollars in revenue from tourism.
The Oceano State Vehicular Recreation Area has taken measures to protect wildlife by fencing off specific areas from pedestrians and vehicles and creating rules for visitors. Some rules are: adhere to the speed limit, do not enter closed areas, keep dogs on a leash at all times, and rid the beach of trash that could attract predators. During the busy holidays, extra rangers are brought into the park to ensure rules are enforced.
During the past few decades, the Oceano Dunes have been involved with an ongoing series of environmental debates regarding the reduced air quality found in the receiving towns downwind of the dune system. Physical effects by the dust aerosols are indicated by accounts of homeowners claiming discomfort in breathing during times of high dust concentration. The San Luis Obispo County Air Pollution Center have been researching the causes of the dust particulates since 1995, and has yet to deduce whether the pollution is attributed by the ATV and outdoor vehicle activity, or by natural aeolian processes. The findings by air district staff indicate that there are minimal differences in air quality during weekend and holiday seasons as opposed to normal weekdays. 
Western Snowy Plover ("Charadrius alexandrinus nivosus").
From educational programs to environmental restoration projects, California Department of Parks and Recreation and organizations such as the Sierra Club, the Dunes Center, and U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service work to protect the environment. These groups often utilize community meetings to address the issues of conservation, protection and restoration of our environment.
The concern felt by the Sierra Club's Santa Lucia Chapter lies in the management of the Oceano Dunes State Vehicular Recreation Area. Off-road vehicle use partially conflicts with habitat of the Western Snowy Plover ("Charadrius alexandrinus nivosus") and it is alleged that this directly correlates with a decrease in reproductive success. However, Western Snowy Plover nests have increased dramatically from 16 nests in 1993 to a total of 172 nests in 2011. An 8-year summary of Western Snowy Plover reproduction on California State Park lands depicts the breeding success at Oceano Dunes which is particularly stark compared to very low breeding numbers elsewhere in the state. The Western Snowy Plover was listed as threatened under the Endangered Species Act (ESA) on March 5, 1993.
Ecologists argue that the snowy plover does not just breed on any coastal area; they seek protection in the dunes. Scientist Tom Jordan studied data on bird nesting sites and found that snowy plovers "prefer the beach and the flatter areas," such as on top of the dunes, where they can watch for predators. Plovers prefer nesting on open sand which can put nests at risk of being crushed by vehicles or hikers. Memorial Day weekend is one of the park's busiest, and occurs during the plover nesting season. Yet, year after year, large numbers of plover nests are found at nesting sites closest to the open vehicle area at Oceano Dunes, suggesting human presence may deter presence of predators, and that plover may receive refuge at these sites.
The Sierra Club's long-term goal is to see the plovers taken off of the threatened species list. To accomplish this, they proposed year-round fencing to protect plover habitat, but the Oceano Dunes State Vehicular Recreation Area rejected the idea. Soon after the decision, a plover was killed by an off-road vehicle in a recommended area for fencing. The Sierra Club sued the State Parks for violating the ESA by not providing enough protection for the snowy plover, as well as the California least tern and steelhead trout.
In the case settlement, the State Park was given the responsibility of researching, fund raising, and establishing an education program about the snowy plover. The Park must close off an additional half-mile of the beach between March and October, the plover's breeding season. Additionally, they must find alternate routes to avoid vehicles crossing the Arroyo Grande Creek because it is inhabited by the steelhead trout.
Ownership.
For 25 years, the County of San Luis Obispo has leased of the Dunes to the State Department of Parks and Recreation, free of charge. When the lease expired in June 2008, the San Luis Obispo County Board of Supervisors had a few options, including sale of the land, renewal of the deal with the state, or creation of a deal requiring the state to pay rent. To determine whether or not to sell the dune property to the state, two public hearings were held April 17, 2007. To sell real property, four-fifths of the supervisors must vote in favor; but in order to renew a lease only a majority is required.
The State Parks offered to pay $4.86 million for nearly of beachfront property that is directly in the middle of the Oceano Dunes State Vehicular Recreation area.
Various groups and individuals would like to see the land sold to the State Parks. Currently, the Oceano Dunes State Vehicular Recreation Area uses one third of the beach territory for off-road vehicles use. Off-roaders are concerned that since the decision is in the hands of the county, San Luis Obispo County's environmental community may advise more restrictions on the land if it isn't sold. Land available for vehicle use has already been reduced from to . The State wants to buy the land in order to secure a place for off-road vehicles for the future. They claim not all the land would be used for off-road vehicles and camping, and that part of the land would be set aside as preserve areas, as the County wants.
On Tuesday April 17, 2007, the San Luis Obispo Board of Supervisors voted 4-0 not to sell the of land to the State.

</doc>
<doc id="2933573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933573" title="Guéthary">
Guéthary

Guéthary () is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France. It is located in the traditional Basque province of Labourd, the town traditionally standing on the northernmost coastal linguistic boundary of the Basque language.
History.
Guéthary has existed as a small fishing village since the early 12th century. It became famous for hunting whales in the 13th century. Actually, the linguist Henri Gavel put down the name of the town to the Gascon word "getari", 'post for watching' (the whales), while this assumption has been disputed by current linguists, who trace the name back to latin "caetaria", 'fish processing facility', supported by archaeological evidence unearthed both in Guéthary and the same name Getaria from Gipuzkoa.

</doc>
<doc id="2933575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933575" title="VTE">
VTE

VTE may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="2933580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933580" title="Guiche, Pyrénées-Atlantiques">
Guiche, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Guiche (; Basque "Gixune") is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.
Popular culture.
The anime/manga Rose of Versailles references Guiche as a dukedom when the "Duke de Guiche" (Duke of Guiche) plays a role in the story where the Duchess of Polignac engages both of her daughters to be married to him against their will (one of which, Rosalie Lamorlière, plays a central role in the story).

</doc>
<doc id="2933581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933581" title="Qatar Science &amp; Technology Park">
Qatar Science &amp; Technology Park

Qatar Science & Technology Park (QTSP) is a home for international technology companies in Qatar, and an incubator of start-up technology businesses. Established in 2004 as a part of Qatar Foundation, the purpose of the science park is to spur development of Qatar’s knowledge economy.
QSTP was inaugurated on 16 March 2009.
QSTP functions by providing office and lab space to tenant companies, in a complex of multi-user and single-user buildings, and by providing professional services and support programs to those companies. In September 2005 the Government of Qatar passed a law making the science park a "free zone", allowing foreign companies to set up a 100 percent owned entity free from tax and duties.
A feature of QSTP is that it is co-located at Qatar Foundation's Education City with international universities. These include Carnegie Mellon, Cornell, Georgetown, Northwestern, Texas A&M and Virginia Commonwealth. The science park helps its tenant companies to collaborate with the universities, and acts as an incubator for spin-out ventures from the universities (and other sources).
QSTP has a staff of 1000 which includes all individuals that work at the science park for the QSTP entities, as well QSTP management. QSTP aims to grow Qatar’s knowledge economy by encouraging companies and institutes from around the world to develop and commercialise their technology in these sectors in Qatar. In addition, to have a big responsibility and commitment to develop the role of Qataris themselves in the R&D technology sector and this includes providing high tech training, supporting new business startups and enhancing technology management skills. The move towards a knowledge based society requires focus and this is how it is structured for the coming years ahead. The second stage of development will start in 2013, with one new facility being completed by 2014, and another by 2016.
Qatar Foundation was established in 1995 by the Emir of Qatar, and has been chaired since by his wife Her Highness Sheikha Mozah Bint Nasser Al-Missned.
Tenants of QSTP are required to make technology development their main activity but can also trade commercially. The first companies to join QSTP were EADS, ExxonMobil, GE, Microsoft, Rolls-Royce, Shell, Total and iHorizons.
The design architect of QSTP is Woods Bagot.

</doc>
<doc id="2933582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933582" title="Halsou">
Halsou

Halsou (Basque "Haltsu") is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.

</doc>
<doc id="2933586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933586" title="Hasparren">
Hasparren

Hasparren () is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France. 
The name means 'before or down the rock' in Basque. A resident of Hasparren is known as a 'Haspandar'.

</doc>
<doc id="2933588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933588" title="Saint-Pierre-d'Irube">
Saint-Pierre-d'Irube

Saint-Pierre-d'Irube (Basque "Hiriburu") is a village in the traditional Basque province of Labourd, now a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.

</doc>
<doc id="2933592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933592" title="Itxassou">
Itxassou

Itxassou (Basque "Itsasu") is a village in the traditional Basque province of Labourd, now a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.

</doc>
<doc id="2933597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933597" title="Jatxou">
Jatxou

Jatxou (Basque "Jatsu") is a village in the traditional Basque province of Labourd, now a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.

</doc>
<doc id="2933599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933599" title="Cambo-les-Bains">
Cambo-les-Bains

Cambo-les-Bains (Basque "Kanbo") is a town in the traditional Basque province of Labourd, now in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.
People.
In 1900, Edmond Rostand, writer of the play "Cyrano de Bergerac", came to Cambo-les-Bains because of his pulmonary disease. He was taken by the area and in time bought some land and had a house built. It was completed in 1906. His house, the Villa Arnaga, is now a heritage site and a museum devoted to Rostand's life and Basque architecture and crafts.
The Spanish composer Isaac Albéniz died in Cambo-les-Bains in 1909. Another significant Spanish composer, Sebastián Durón, died there in 1716.
Mixel Labéguerie, a doctor and critical personality of Basque culture and politics after World War II lived in Cambo. He was elected mayor of the town for three terms as of 1965, and most notably he is credited as the father figure of the 1960s Basque musical revival. He was also a founding member of the Basque nationalist movement Enbata. In 1980, his memorial service held in Cambo was attended by 4,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="2933600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933600" title="Larressore">
Larressore

Larressore (Basque "Larresoro") is a town in the traditional Basque province of Labourd, now a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.

</doc>
<doc id="2933601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933601" title="Arizona League Padres">
Arizona League Padres

The Arizona League Padres are the rookie-level team of the San Diego Padres in the Arizona League. They play their home games at Peoria Sports Complex in Peoria, Arizona, which is also the home of the minor league clubhouse for the Padres. It also serves as home to Padres' spring training.
The Padres won the 2006 Arizona Rookie League (AZL) First Half title and the AZL Championship by beating the AZL Angels 5-2.

</doc>
<doc id="2933603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933603" title="Lahonce">
Lahonce

Lahonce (Basque "Lehuntze") is a village in the traditional Basque province of Labourd, now a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.

</doc>
<doc id="2933604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933604" title="Mark Rockefeller">
Mark Rockefeller

Mark Fitler Rockefeller (born 1967) is a fourth-generation member of the Rockefeller family. He is the younger son of Nelson Aldrich Rockefeller (1908–1979) and Happy Rockefeller. Rockefeller was Chairman of the Board of Directors of the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation in 2010.
Rockefeller was raised at Kykuit, the central mansion at the Pocantico family estate in Westchester County in New York State. He is an alum of the Buckley School, Deerfield Academy, and Princeton University, and he received an M.B.A. from Harvard University's Graduate School of Business Administration. He played football, basketball, and baseball at Deerfield, and played football at Princeton as a walk-on.
Rockefeller and his wife own South Fork Properties (South Fork Lodge, situated an hour from Jackson Hole) and South Fork Outfitters, both in Swan Valley, Idaho. He has served as an associate in the Acquisition Finance Group at Chase Securities, Inc. and was elected chairman of the non-profit organization, Historic Hudson Valley, in November 1999. Historic Hudson Valley was founded in 1951 as Sleepy Hollow Restorations by his grandfather, John D. Rockefeller, Jr.; Rockefeller's older brother, Nelson Rockefeller, Jr., also serves on its Board.
In 1998 he married Renee Anne Anisko at the Church of the Magdalene in Pocantico Hills. Renee (born 1968) received a law degree cum laude from Temple University.
In 2013 it was revealed by the NYPost that Rockefeller received up to $342,634 in taxpayer money for owning unused farmland. 

</doc>
<doc id="2933606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933606" title="Mendionde">
Mendionde

Mendionde (Basque "Lekorne") is a small village in the traditional Basque province of Labourd, now a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.

</doc>
<doc id="2933608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933608" title="Bonloc">
Bonloc

Bonloc (Basque "Lekuine") is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.
A resident of Bonloc is known as a 'Lekuindar'.

</doc>
<doc id="2933610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933610" title="Louhossoa">
Louhossoa

Louhossoa (Basque "Luhuso") is a small village in the traditional Basque province of Labourd, now a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.

</doc>
<doc id="2933613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933613" title="Idiap Research Institute">
Idiap Research Institute

The Idiap Research Institute, based in Martigny (Valais, Switzerland), is an autonomous, independent, non-profit research foundation specialized in the management of multimedia information and man-machine multimodal interactions. The institute was founded in 1991 by the Municipality of Martigny, the State of Valais, EPFL (Ecole polytechnique fédérale de Lausanne), the University of Geneva and Swisscom. The Idiap Research Institute is accredited by the State and Federal Governments, and is connected to EPFL by a joint development plan (LIDIAP is the EPFL laboratory of the Idiap Research Institute).
The Idiap Research Institute's budget, which amounts to more than 9 million Swiss francs, is 60% financed by research projects awarded following competitive processes, and 40% by public funds.
Whereas it only employed around thirty people in 2001, in 2011 Idiap had around one hundred employees, including 80 researchers (senior researchers, researchers, postdoctoral students and PhD students). All the personnel work at Centre du Parc in Martigny, in the west wing. The institute moved there in August 2007. It now occupies 2,600 m2 of premises over four floors.
The Idiap Research Institute is also the Leading House of the National Centre of Competence in Research (NCCR) on Interactive Multimodal Information Management (IM)2.
Research areas.
Idiap's mains research areas are the following:
Perceptual and cognitive systems
speech processing; natural language understanding and translation; document and text processing; vision and scene analysis; multimodal processing; cognitive sciences
Social and human behaviour
web social media, mobile social media; social interaction sensing; social signal processing; verbal and non-verbal communication analysis
Information interfaces and presentation
multimedia information systems; user interfaces; system evaluation
Biometric user authentication
speaker identification and verification; face detection, identification and verification; multimodal biometric user authentication
Machine learning
statistical and neural network based machine learning; computational efficiency, targeting real-time applications; very large datasets
Geographical situation.
The Idiap Research Institute is located in Martigny, one of the main towns of the Canton of Valais, in the French-speaking part of Switzerland, in the south-west of the country. In the heart of the Alps, Valais has an exceptional landscape and a pleasant microclimate, which makes it a very popular tourist destination and a very sought-after place to live.
Martigny is a town of approximately 15,000 inhabitants and is situated close to Montreux, Lausanne and Lake Léman. The Geneva airport is 90 minutes away by train.
The Idiap Research Institute in figures.
Human resources
14 permanent researchers
11 postdoctoral researchers
29 PhD students
9 development engineers
6 system engineers
20 interns and visitors per year
6 doctorates awarded
30 positions in start-ups on the IdeArk site
9 administrative employees
25 nationalities represented
Scientific activities
IM2 National Centre of Competence in Research (Interactive Multimodal Information Management) since 2001.
Participation in 37 research programmes
Project management of 5 consortiums
Participation in the economic development strategy of the Canton of Valais through The Ark programme and in particular the IdeArk company
133 scientific publications
Organisation of a number of international conferences
History.
The Idiap Research Institute, located in Martigny (Switzerland) and initially referred to as “Institut Dalle Molle d’Intelligence Artificielle Perceptive” (Dalle Molle Institute for Perceptual Artificial Intelligence), was founded in 1991 by the Dalle Molle Foundation for the Quality of Life, the Municipality of Martigny, the Canton of Valais, the Ecole Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL), the University of Geneva and Swisscom as the third of three independent non-profit research institutes in Switzerland:
Legally, its status as a foundation guarantees it great autonomy and gives it access to public scientific research financing while positioning it as a neutral and credible intermediary between the academic world and industry.
As its inception the Idiap Research Institute consisted of about 10 people active mainly in the field of speech recognition. A first phase of development in 1996 saw the planned withdrawal of the Dalle Molle Foundation and the arrival of the current director, Hervé Bourlard, employed at the time by an institute in Berkeley, California. After having celebrated its 10th anniversary in 2001 with the granting of the National Centre of Competence in Research for Interactive Multimodal Information Management (IM)2, the years 2002 to 2004 were marked by very strong growth exemplified by the construction of a second building. A period of consolidation, in terms of personnel, infrastructure, and financing, has followed. Fifteen years after its beginnings, the Idiap Research Institute had approximately 100 employees, 85 of whom are researchers representing 23 nationalities, and among them several from the far corners of the world.
Relocation to Centre du Parc.
“The current premises no longer meet our growing needs for more space.” It is in these words that Jean-Albert Ferrez, Deputy Director of the Idiap Research Institute, started his announcement about the institute’s move to the journalists at the press conference organised on 30 May 2007 at Centre du Parc. In 1991, when it was founded, the institute accommodated its 10 employees on one floor of Villa Tissières. By spring 2007, the number of employees had increased to around one hundred and occupied two floors of the villa, one floor of the UBS building and the whole of the Pavillon Dalle Molle. “This geographical dispersion was preventing social links being formed within the institute and was therefore harming the dynamics of various groups and projects” explains Jean-Albert Ferrez.
The Mayor of Martigny and President of the Idiap Foundation Council, Olivier Dumas, was aware of this problem of lack of space, and got in touch with Groupe Mutuel in Spring 2007. At this time the insurer was completing the construction of its new administrative premises in the town centre, therefore freeing up those that it was occupying, and which it owns, at Centre du Parc. Very quickly the institute’s management weighed up the advantages of a possible move. The premises can be used in their current condition, needing only some minor work, including the installation of a specific cooling system in the computer server’s room. The rented area can easily accommodate 120 people and there are many ways in which the building could be extended. The increase in support from the city of Martigny and sponsoring by Groupe Mutuel were the final incentives in convincing the institute to take the move. In August 2007, the institute moved all of its employees and activities to Centre du Parc, in the “conference” part of the building. To accompany this change of location and to symbolically mark the start of a new era, the institute has also given itself a new logo. 
Idiap Research Institute and EPFL sign a joint development plan.
In February 2008, through Federal Councillor Pascal Couchepin, the Federal Department of Home Affairs (FDHA) announced that it was quadrupling its support to the Idiap Research Institute for the next four years (CHF 6.5 million for 2008–2011). In the institute's budget, ~75% of the resources come from projects, and only ~25% from institutional support. With this subsidy granted by the State Secretariat for Education and Research (SER), the institute will be able to establish a solid financial basis.
This support was accompanied by two major conditions, granting by the Canton of Valais and the Municipality of Martigny of at least an equivalent amount for the same period, and consolidation of the partnership with the Ecole Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL) to better integrate the institute in the Swiss academic scene and offer it security for the future. The joint development plan for the 2008–2011 was signed on July 2008. The plan in question aims to further improve the integration and supervision of Idiap PhD students, increase the academic visibility of the researchers and step up exchanges between scientists from the two institutions.
In 2008, as part of the development plan signed with EPFL, the institute started to revise its organization chart, which should be completed in 2009. The scientific and administrative structures will be fleshed out, the management will include new scientific members, some of the senior researchers will benefit from EPFL academic recognition and the director will be supported by an assistant.
Missions: Research, Education and Technology Transfer.
The Idiap Research Institute was created in 1991 with one very precise mission in mind: research. This mission is still at the heart of the activities of the institute. All the fundamental and applied research undertaken at the institute is aimed at facilitating man-machine interactions, as well as developing multimedia information management. The institute also supports education by offering numerous courses at universities and institutes of higher learning as well as by regularly hosting interns and young researchers working towards their doctorates. Concerned with building bridges between the sometimes hermetic research world and the more exposed world of the private economy, the institute also pursues a mission of valorization for which it can count on numerous partnerships as well as on IdeArk. This spin-off makes it possible to ensure a rapid transfer of acquired knowledge to the industrial sector and to assist in the commercial exploitation of these discoveries.
International Create Challenge.
Amongst other initiatives,the Idiap Research Institute honors its mission of technology transfer by organizing and supporting, jointly with the Association Interactive Multimodal Information Management (AIM2), the International Create Challenge. 
With her universities, research institutions and engineering schools ranking amongst the best worldwide, Switzerland is one of the leading innovative countries in the world. This creates a natural breeding ground for start-up activities. However, the lack of a comprehensive program that combines training, mentorship and early-stage investment stalls the progress of technology start-up creation. The International Create Challenge intends to address this gap by facilitating as well as accelerating start-up creation within the framework of the IM2/Idiap domains of research and technologies.
The formula chosen for the International Create Challenge is a 3-week immersive seed accelerator program that gives entrepreneurs the opportunity to drive their projects to a minimum viable product. It is a unique program combining state-of-art technologies and cutting edge research, mentors-lead coaching, micro-seed investment and a star prize of more than CHF 100’000.- . 
The ICC program wishes to accelerate the process of start-up creation. It offers a new concept in the value chain of booster programs, speeding up the timeframe from the idea consolidation and the team setup to the prototype development.
The first edition of the International was held in September 2012 in Martigny/Switzerland at the premises of the Idiap Research Institute. During three weeks, 28 participants worked on 12 projects in an atmosphere of friendly competition. In the end, six promising and very high quality projects were awarded for their efforts, the three best teams receiving a cash prize as well as the opportunity to join the IdeArk Incubator for free during three years. Furthermore, four of the ICC'2012 ventures went on to win the IMD Startup Competition 2013.
Due to the great success it encountered, the organizers (AIM2 and Idiap Research Institute) decided to make it an annual event, opening its doors every fall in the Swiss Alps.
Awards.
Every year, the Idiap Research Institute grants 2 awards to its PhD students: The Idiap Paper Award and the Idiap Research Award (both equally valuable).

</doc>
<doc id="2933616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933616" title="Villefranque, Pyrénées-Atlantiques">
Villefranque, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Villefranque (Basque "Milafranga") is a town in the traditional Basque province of Labourd, now a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.

</doc>
<doc id="2933622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933622" title="Berkswell railway station">
Berkswell railway station

Berkswell railway station, in the West Midlands of England, takes its name from the nearby village of Berkswell, but it is actually located much closer to the small town of Balsall Common. In fact the station originally opened as "Docker's Lane", changed to "Berkswell" on 1 January 1853, then to "Berkswell & Balsall Common" on 1 February 1928 before reverting to "Berkswell" again. It is situated on the West Coast Main Line between Coventry and Birmingham. The station, and all trains serving it, are operated by London Midland. There are small lakes and a river on the Eastern side of the railway station.
History.
In 2004, as part of a plan to upgrade the line to carry more high speed trains, the level crossing which was situated to the east of the station, was removed and two small low parallel tunnels were built under the railway; one tunnel for road traffic and the other for pedestrians. The road tunnel being too narrow for two-way traffic is controlled by traffic lights. The level crossings at Tile Hill and Canley were also removed in the upgrade.
Berkswell was once the junction with a line that ran to Kenilworth, which opened on 2 March 1884 and closed to all traffic on 3 March 1969. The trackbed of this line is gradually being converted into a "Greenway" for walking, cycling, and horse riding. The route for the proposed High Speed 2 line will lie broadly parallel to this greenway, then necessitating its realignment through and north-west of the village of Burton Green. A length of track of the Kenilworth line survives as a siding. It was occasionally used for stabling the Royal Train.
Services.
On Mondays to Saturdays, Berkswell is served by two trains an hour between Birmingham New Street and Coventry, one of which continues to London Euston. On Sundays, there is an hourly service between Birmingham New Street and Northampton.

</doc>
<doc id="2933626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933626" title="Mouguerre">
Mouguerre

Mouguerre (Basque "Mugerre") is a village in the traditional Basque province of Labourd, now a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.

</doc>
<doc id="2933634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933634" title="Sare">
Sare

Sare () is a village in the traditional Basque province of Labourd, now a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.
It is located some to the east of Saint-Jean-de-Luz and the Atlantic Ocean, in the western foothills of the Pyrenees.
The summit of La Rhune, a mountain iconic of the Basque country, is situated approximately to the west of the village. The summit can be reached by the Petit train de la Rhune, which commences from the Col de Saint-Ignace, to the west of the village on the D4 road to Saint-Jean-de-Luz.

</doc>
<doc id="2933649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933649" title="Arizona League Brewers">
Arizona League Brewers

The Arizona League Brewers are a minor league baseball team of the Arizona League and are the Rookie affiliate of the Milwaukee Brewers. The team participates in the Central Division. They are located in Phoenix, Arizona. The has played their home games at the 8,000 seat Maryvale Baseball Park since 2001. Maryvale Baseball Park opened in 1998. The team used to play at Compadre Stadium from 1988 to 1995. The franchise was established in 1988 and suspended operations from 1996 to 2000. The Brewers won the division championship in 2010 and the league championships in 1988, 1989, 1990, and in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="2933651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933651" title="Saint-Pée-sur-Nivelle">
Saint-Pée-sur-Nivelle

Saint-Pée-sur-Nivelle () is a village in the traditional Basque province of Labourd, now a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.
The village is scattered in several neighbourhoods, with a main nucleus located at a crossroads. As its name in French conveys, the village is located on the river Nivelle.
The village is renowned for the "Herri Urrats" festival in support of the Basque-language schools ("ikastolak") held in May on a yearly basis at the Lake of Senpere since the early 80s. Tens of thousands of people turn out.

</doc>
<doc id="2933658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933658" title="Urcuit">
Urcuit

Urcuit (Basque "Urketa") is a small village in the traditional Basque province of Labourd, now a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.

</doc>
<doc id="2933660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933660" title="Urrugne">
Urrugne

Urrugne (Basque "Urruña") is a village in the traditional Basque province of Labourd, now a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.

</doc>
<doc id="2933665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933665" title="Ustaritz">
Ustaritz

Ustaritz () is a village in the traditional Basque province of Labourd, now a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France. It is located some 13 km inland from Bayonne.
Ustaritz was the location of the assembly of local Basque leaders before the French Revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="2933668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933668" title="Souraïde">
Souraïde

Souraïde (Basque "Zuraide") is a small village in the traditional Basque province of Labourd, now a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.

</doc>
<doc id="2933674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933674" title="Florida State Road 3">
Florida State Road 3

State Road 3 (SR 3), also known as North Courtenay Parkway, is a north–south road located entirely on Merritt Island, serving as the southern access for the Kennedy Space Center near Cape Canaveral, Florida. The shortest of the one-digit Florida State Roads, its southern terminus is an intersection with SR 520 on Merritt Island, east of Cocoa.
Route Description.
SR 3, also knowns as North Courtenay Parkway for its entire length, heads straight north from its southern terminus at SR 520, just east of the W Merritt Island Causeway spanning the Indian River, and initially travels through a heavily populated residential area. After passing four schools in the first mile of its trek north, the road parallels the eastern shore of the Indian River for most of its distance towards Kennedy Space Center.
Just over 3 miles north of its southern terminus, SR 3 crosses SR 528 where SR 528 is concurrent with SR A1A, and continues north, until making a sharp north-easterly turn at North Tropical Trail, then terminates and continues as just County Road 3 and Kennedy Parkway North just north of Dalbora Road.
The Florida Department of Transportation annual average daily traffic (AADT) numbers for 2012 show an average of 26,000 vehicles just north of SR 520, increasing to 29,000 just south of SR 528/SR A1A, then decreasing to 25,500 just north of its crossing with those two roads, and further decreasing to 21,500, finally halfing to 12,600 as the road approaches the turn to the north-east and its northern terminus.
History.
Not one inch of the original alignment of SR 3 is in the current route. Until the opening of the Emory L. Bennett Causeway in the 1960s, the route to KSC was signed SR A1A as A1A was routed across the Banana River on the Merritt Island Causeway (SR 520) - and was, in fact, cosigned with SR 520 - and then northward along North Tropical Trail through Kennedy Space Center to an intersection with the former SR 402 (now County Road 402) near the shore of Mosquito Lagoon in the (present-day) Merritt Island National Wildlife Refuge near Titusville.
In the meantime, SR 3 extended along the length of Tropical Trail from US 1 near Oak Hill to the southern tip of Merritt Island, where it crosses the Banana River on the Mathers Bridge (a swing span drawbridge) before turning south on South Patrick Drive (present day SR 513) and crossing the Indian River back to the mainland on the Eau Gallie Causeway (present day SR 518) and terminating at U.S. Route 1 (SR 5) in Melbourne. Between then-SR 402 and SR 520, SR 3 was cosigned with SR A1A.
The openings of the Emory L. Bennett Causeway and the Pineda Causeway (in 1971) triggered a massive transformation of SR 3. The former causeway shifted SR A1A to the north (to the newly extended Bee Line Expressway) as SR 3 was realigned to cover North Courtenay Parkway and provide the access to the Kennedy Space Center (the segment north of KSC lost its SR 3 and A1A signs); the latter causeway prompted the establishment of South Patrick Drive as the primary southern access to Patrick Air Force Base as SR 513.
In 1976, the Florida Department of Transportation added a "C-" prefix to the signs on the stretch south of SR 520 and started the transition from State Road 3 to County Road 3 -- yet a handful of "State Road C-3" signs are still posted on Tropical Trail near the southern tip of Merritt Island.
Courtenay Parkway eventually was extended past the SR 520 beyond the Merritt Island Airport to the historic community of Georgiana, where it meets up with the older South Tropical Trail, however this is a county facility and does not carry the state road designation. The last phase was completed in the late 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="2933680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933680" title="Timeline of the 2005 Pacific typhoon season">
Timeline of the 2005 Pacific typhoon season

The 2005 Pacific typhoon season has no official bounds; it runs year-round in 2005, but most tropical cyclones tend to form in the northwestern Pacific Ocean between June and December. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northwestern Pacific Ocean.
For the PAGASA, 17 systems formed or entered in their area during 2005.
February.
No named storms formed in February.

</doc>
<doc id="2933681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933681" title="United States Deputy Attorney General">
United States Deputy Attorney General

The United States Deputy Attorney General is the second-highest-ranking official in the United States Department of Justice. In the United States federal government, the Deputy Attorney General oversees the day-to-day operation of the Department of Justice, and may act as Attorney General during the absence of the Attorney General. The Deputy Attorney General is appointed by the President of the United States with the advice and consent of the United States Senate. The position was created in 1950.
Since December 2010 the office is held by James M. Cole, who received a recess appointment by President Obama and subsequently was confirmed by the Senate in June 2011.
2007 Turnover.
On May 14, 2007 Paul McNulty, then Deputy Attorney General, announced his resignation in a letter to Attorney General Alberto Gonzales. At the time, McNulty was considered "the highest-ranking Bush administration casualty in the furor over the firing of U.S. attorneys." 
On July 18, 2007 President Bush announced his appointment of Craig S. Morford as acting Deputy Attorney General. Morford had been serving as the U.S. attorney in Nashville, Tennessee, and was known for his successful prosecution of former Ohio Representative James Traficant on bribery charges.

</doc>
<doc id="2933683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933683" title="Dettah">
Dettah

Dettah or Detah is a First Nations community in the North Slave Region of the Northwest Territories, Canada. Located just outside the capital of Yellowknife, it is a drive from that town by ice road in winter or a drive via the Ingraham Trail. The name means 'Burnt Point' in the Tli Cho language, and refers to a traditional fishing camp, used by the Dene for hundreds of years.
According to the 2011 Census, Dettah had a population of 210 people a decrease of 15.0% from the 2006 Census, consisting almost entirely of First Nations. In 2012 the Government of the Northwest Territories reported that the population was 260 with an average yearly growth rate of 1.9% from 2001.
Both it and N'Dilo are the communities of the Yellowknives. Dettah is represented by the Yellowknives Dene First Nation (Dettah) and are part of the Akaitcho Territory Government.

</doc>
<doc id="2933684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933684" title="URT">
URT

Urt or URT may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2933688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933688" title="Sun Remarketing">
Sun Remarketing

Sun Remarketing was a retail company, located in Cache Valley, Utah, that specialized in reselling old Apple Computer software and hardware, including Apple II and Apple Macintosh parts such as motherboards and peripherals. The company also sold Apple's legacy software products such as MacPaint and MacDraw. 
In the 1980s, a considerable number of unsold Apple Lisa computers were sold off to Sun Remarketing, while thousands more were destroyed at a landfill in Utah. Sun Remarketing bought the MacWorks XL emulator from Apple in the 1980s to spur sales of the Lisa computers by making them able to run Macintosh applications. Following the introduction of the Macintosh Plus by Apple with its enhanced 128K ROM, many new Macintosh applications no longer worked under MacWorks XL. To clear its remaining inventory, Sun Remarketing took the bold step of underwriting the development of a new emulator called MacWorks Plus which fully supported the 128K ROM on the Lisa hardware, and packaged it together as the Lisa Professional.
Sun Remarketing was also known locally within Cache Valley as one of the first commercial internet service providers in Northern Utah, but did not take advantage of the situation. In 2006, Sun Remarketing was bought out by Cherokee Data, a computer wholesaler. Cherokee Data (of Oklahoma) has since gone out of business and the Sun Remarketing site is no longer accessible. 
A second company using the name Cherokee Data Solutions (aka CDS) is unrelated and unaffiliated with either Cherokee Data or Sun Remarketing.

</doc>
<doc id="2933694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933694" title="Guards Division (disambiguation)">
Guards Division (disambiguation)

Guards Division may refer to one of the following.

</doc>
<doc id="2933697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933697" title="Panfilov's Twenty-Eight Guardsmen">
Panfilov's Twenty-Eight Guardsmen

"Not to be confused with the Panfilovtsy in general."
The Panfilov Division's Twenty-Eight Guardsmen (Russian: "Двадцать восемь гвардейцев дивизии Панфилова" trans. Dvadtsat Vosem Gvardeytsev Divizii Panfilova), commonly referred to simply as Panfilov's Men ("Панфиловцы", Panfilovtsy), were a group of soldiers from the Red Army's 316th Rifle Division that took part in the defense of Moscow during the Great Patriotic War. According to official Soviet history, they were all killed in action on 16 November 1941, after destroying 18 German tanks. The Twenty-Eight were collectively endowed with the title Hero of the Soviet Union. An investigation by Soviet authorities in 1948 revealed that the description of the events was exaggerated, and that six of the soldiers were still alive. The findings were kept secret, and the Twenty-Eight Guardsmen were considered national heroes until the collapse of the USSR. 
Chronology.
The Battle of Dubosekovo.
On 30 September 1941, the Wehrmacht commenced its offensive on Moscow. By mid-November, German units were only 100 kilometers away from the USSR's capital. 
The Red Army's 316th Rifle Division – a formation which consisted mostly of recruits from the Kazakh and Kyrgyz Soviet Republics, commanded by General Ivan Panfilov – took up defensive positions in the vicinity of Volokolamsk as part of Konstantin Rokossovsky's 16th Army. On the morning of 16 November, the positions of the Division's 1075th Regiment near the village of Dubosekovo were attacked by German forces from the 11th Panzer Division. In the ensuing battle, The Regiment was overwhelmed and retreated from the area. In a later testimony, the 1075th commander, Colonel Ilya Kaprov, told that his unit was engaged by German tanks, and that the 4th Company of his 2nd Battalion – commanded by Captain Pavel Gundilovich – suffered over a hundred casualties in the fight against them, and yet managed to destroy some. Dubosekovo was occupied by the Germans until 20 December.
The "Krasnaya Zvezda" articles.
On 24 November 1941, Vasily Koroteev – a front reporter of the Red Army's newspaper, "Krasnaya Zvezda" – traveled to the 16th Army headquarters to interview Rokossovsky. While in the command post, he met Commissar Sergei Egorov, the chief political officer of the 8th Guards Panfilov Division - the new name of the 316th Division, which was granted to honor the memory of its commanding general, who was killed in action on 18 November. Egorov told the reporter of a group of soldiers who, when faced by 54 German tanks, fought to the last and shot two from among their own who wished to surrender. The commissar added that he was not present at the event, and heard of it from another political officer. He recommended that Koroteev would write about it in the newspaper. 
Upon returning to Moscow, Koroteev spoke with the editor of "Krasnaya Zvezda", David Ortenberg, and when asked how many soldiers took part in the clash, he arbitrarily replied that there were thirty in whole, and two traitors who wanted to surrender – thus reaching the number twenty-eight. Ortenberg decided that two would-be deserters were too many, and told him to reduce their number to one. On 27 November, an article by Koroteev, entitled "Guardsmen in the Battle for Moscow", was published in "Krasnaya Zvezda". The report discussed the Panfilov Division's contribution to the fighting, and mentioned that "A group of soldiers... were attacked by a column of 54 enemy tanks, yet they did not flinch..." and adding that a Commissar named Diev led the soldiers until they have all been killed. Koroteev wrote that the enemy sustained eight hundred casualties and lost 18 tanks. On the following day, "Krasnaya Zvezda" ran an editorial by journalist Aleksander Krivitsky, under the title "The Will of the Twenty Eight Heroes", dedicated solely to the incident in Dubosekovo which presented the same description of the events, adding that all the Guardsmen were buried in a mass grave in the village.
The Krivitsky mission.
In January 1942, after the region in which the fighting took place was cleared of German forces, Krivitsky - accompanied by Kaprov, Gundilovich and the 1075th Regiment's Commissar, Akhmetzhan Muhamedyarov – went to Dubosekovo at Ortenberg's behest. The local villagers had found six corpses of Red Army soldiers in the area, one of which was that of the 4th Company's political officer, Vasily Klochkov, nicknamed "Diev", who allegedly led the twenty-eight soldiers. Gundilovich and Muhamedyarov compiled a list consisting of the names of the soldiers which they identified as the Guardsmen. On 22 January 1942, Krivitsky published another article in "Krasnaya Zvezda", writing that Klochkov's last words were: "Russia is a vast land, yet there is nowhere to retreat – Moscow is behind us!" and that the Guardsmen destroyed the 18 tanks using their few anti-tank guns and Molotov cocktails. The article claimed that the last survivor from the group, soldier Ivan Natarov, described their exploits shortly before dying of his wounds in a field hospital. The names of the dead were listed in addition. 
The story of the Twenty-Eight gained wide publicity. In March 1942, Nikolai Tikhonov wrote a poem entitled "A Verse to the Twenty Eight Guardsmen". Other authors followed suit, and several literary works dealing with the battle at Dubosekovo were released. Consequently, the Guardsmen became celebrated heroes throughout the Soviet Union.
Kuzhebergenov's arrest.
On May 1942, the NKVD arrested a soldier of the Western Front, Danil Kuzhebergenov, for allegedly 'giving himself up to the enemy' by trying to surrender. When he was interrogated, the suspect claimed that he was the same Danil Kuzhebergenov that was listed as one of the Twenty-Eight Guardsmen. The NKVD discovered that he indeed served in the 4th Company of the 1075th Regiment's 2nd Battalion. Kuzhebergenov claimed that during 16 November he was knocked unconscious by an explosion and picked up by a German burial detail who presumed he was dead. He later managed to escape and joined General Dovator's Cavalry Division. The man was later recognized by other participants as one of the soldiers in Dubosekovo. 
The NKVD forced Kuzhebergenov to sign a confession in which he professed to having been an impersonator who was never present at the area of the battle and based his claims on material gleaned from the newspapers. Commissar Muhamedyarov wrote a letter in which he claimed to have erroneously ascribed Danil Kuzhebergenov as one of the Guardsmen instead of another soldier, Askar Kuzhebergenov, who was henceforth listed among the Twenty-Eight in official publications. According to the division's records, a soldier by that name joined it during January 1942 and was killed shortly after. Danil Kuzhebergenov was imprisoned on charges of impersonation and cowardice, and later sent to a penal battalion. His criminal record as a 'traitor to the Motherland' was never expunged. 
On 21 July 1942, the Guardsmen were all posthumously awarded the title Hero of the Soviet Union.
The Afanaseev report.
On November 1947, the Kharkov Military Prosecuctor's Office arrested Ivan Dobrobabin, a resident of the Kyrgyz town Kant, for being a suspected collaborator with the enemy. Dobrobabin told the investigators that he was one of the Panfilov Guardsmen. His claim was verified; he indeed was the same Ivan Dobrobabin who was listed as one of the dead in Dubosekovo. Dobrobabin claimed that during the clash on 16 November, he was captured by the Germans but managed to escape. He then decided to return to his native town of Perekop, in Ukraine, that was under German occupation. There, Dobrobabin joined the local Hilfspolizei and was made its chief. He was accused of participating in anti-partisan activity and of assisting the deportation of forced laborers to Germany. In 1944, when the German defeat was imminent, he fled his village and re-enlisted into the Red Army. Upon his return to Kant, he found a monument to himself as one of the city's heroes. Dobrobabin was convicted and sent to fifteen years in prison.
The Dobrobabin affair led to an official investigation of the Panfilov's Guardsmen story. A military judge, Lieutenant-General Nikolai Afanaseev, supervised the process. When he interviewed Kaprov, the Colonel told him that although heavy fighting took place in Dubosekovo, the Guardsmen did not perform the deeds attributed to them by the press. When questioned, Krivitsky admitted that he made up most of the details which were published in his articles, including Klochkov's famous last words and the dying Natarov's tale – documents from the 1075th Regiment's staff later revealed that Ivan Natarov was killed two days before the battle. Ortenberg and Koroteev told the judge that their main motive was to boost the morale of the Soviet troops, and they have therefore published Egorov's story. 
In addition to Kuzhubergenov – which the investigation confirmed to have a been one of the Twenty-Eight – and Dobrobabin, four other surviving Guardsmen were located by the commission: Grigory Shemiakin and Illarion Vasileev were injured severely on the 16 November incident and evacuated to hospitals; Dmitry Fomich and Ivan Shadrin were taken prisoner but eventually repatriated to the Soviet Union. In his report, submitted to the Procurator General of the Soviet Union on 10 May 1948 and passed on to Joseph Stalin and Andrei Zhdanov, Afanaseev concluded that the Panfilov Guardsmen's last stand "did not occur. It was a pure fantasy."
The Panfilov Guardsmen in the post-war era.
In spite of the Afanaseev report, the wartime version of the events was upheld. The 1965 official History of the Great Patriotic War claimed that the Twenty-Eight Panfilov Guardsmen knocked out 18 tanks and killed 70 enemy soldiers. Memorials to the fallen heroes were built throughout the Soviet Union, including five 12-meter tall statues near the site of the battle and the Twenty-Eight Guardsmen Park in Alma Ata. The municipal anthem of Moscow makes a reference to the city's "twenty-eight brave sons". 
During the Perestroika, the still-living Ivan Dobrobabin petitioned the Military Prosecutor General for rehabilitation, claiming that he never hurt anyone during his service in the Hilfspolizei. Dobrobabin's plea attracted media attention to the case, which resulted in the eventual declassification of the Afanaseev report.

</doc>
<doc id="2933703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933703" title="First Light (Richard and Linda Thompson album)">
First Light (Richard and Linda Thompson album)

First Light is the fourth album by folk rock duo Richard and Linda Thompson. It was released in 1978 on Chrysalis Records
After the release of their third album, "Pour Down Like Silver", the Thompsons took an extended break from music. They spent much of the next three years living in sufi communes in London and Norfolk.
This prolonged sabbatical was punctuated by occasional session work by Richard Thompson and a short tour in 1977 in which the duo performed mostly new, overtly religious material and were backed by musicians who were also practitioners of the sufi faith.
In 1978 Richard Thompson accepted an invitation from Joe Boyd to play on Julie Covington's eponymous solo debut album. The musicians hired for this album included highly regarded American session players Willie Weeks, Andy Newmark and Neil Larson, who had also been working in the studio with George Harrison. According to Boyd the three Americans were hugely impressed by Thompson's playing and expressed a wish to work with him. Boyd also knew that Thompson had some new material and talked Thompson's manager Jo Lustig into taking advantage of the situation: "The material is there and these guys love Richard, they’re gonna kill to play with him. It would be great." 
The resulting "First Light" was the fourth album by Richard and Linda Thompson and marked their resumption of their recording career. It is dominated by spiritual songs, some of them direct translations of sufi and koranic texts.
In later years Thompson expressed dissatisfaction with his recorded output in the late 1970s: "The regrets I would have would be career stuff, I was too flaccid in the 1970s, I just wasn’t thinking tightly enough to make a difference. Especially the later 70s, where I made really indifferent records, I just didn’t have my mind on the job." 
Track listing.
All songs written by Richard Thompson; except "Pavanne" by Richard and Linda Thompson, and "The Choice Wife" traditional, arranged by Richard Thompson

</doc>
<doc id="2933716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933716" title="Institut de la Francophonie pour l'Informatique">
Institut de la Francophonie pour l'Informatique

The Institut de la Francophonie pour l'Informatique (IFI), French for the "Computer Science Institute for the Francophonie", is a graduate school in computer science in Vietnam. It was created and funded by the Agence universitaire de la Francophonie (AUF, or Association of Universities of the Francophonie) in 1995 following a request from Vietnamese government of the training of high-level Vietnamese engineers and college professors in computer science. The countries and regions funding the project are Belgium-Wallonia, Canada-Québec, France, French-speaking Switzerland and Luxembourg.
IFI recruits its students in Vietnam and other French-speaking countries. Annually, professors at the member universities of the AUF (such as ENST Paris, Université catholique de Louvain, UQAM...) come to IFI to give lectures. All courses are delivered in French.
Usually, the final internship then takes place abroad (Europe or Canada) either in industries, in universities or in research laboratories. The internships by research are often used as a bridge towards a PhD. The industrial internships are taken by those which seek the profile of a project leader in software development. 
IFI is considered as one of the best graduate schools in computer science in Vietnam. About one third of its students continue their PhD in foreign universities, many become professors or founders of software companies in Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="2933717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933717" title="The Claw">
The Claw

The Claw may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2933722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933722" title="HMS Gannet">
HMS Gannet

Nine ships and two shore establishments of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Gannet", after the seabird the Gannet:

</doc>
<doc id="2933754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933754" title="Panfilov">
Panfilov

Panfilov () is a Russian surname that may refer to one of the following:
"Panfilov" may also refer to one of the following places named after Ivan Panfilov:

</doc>
<doc id="2933757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933757" title="N'Dilo">
N'Dilo

N'Dilo is a First Nations community in the North Slave Region of the Northwest Territories, Canada. The small Dene community is located on the edge of Yellowknife on the tip of Latham Island.
It has a population of approximately 200 people. N'Dilo and Dettah are the communities of the Yellowknives.
N'Dilo is represented by the Yellowknives Dene First Nation (N'Dilo) and are part of the Akaitcho Territory Government.

</doc>
<doc id="2933761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933761" title="Cube (film series)">
Cube (film series)

Cube is a Canadian psychological thriller horror film series. The three films were directed by Vincenzo Natali, Andrzej Sekuła, and Ernie Barbarash respectively.
All three films are based on the same premise: there is a gigantic, mechanical, cubical structure of unknown purpose and origin, made up of lots of smaller cubical rooms. Each of these rooms has six doors, one on each face of the cube, which lead into adjacent, identically decorated rooms, only differing by colour. Some of these rooms are "safe", while others are equipped with deadly booby traps such as flamethrowers and razorwire. In some cases it is possible to detect a trap by throwing an object into the room first, although this method is not always reliable due to the trigger mechanism of certain traps.
In each case, a group of strangers awakens in this mysterious structure, without any knowledge of how or why they are there. In order to escape from the prison, they must band together and use their combined skills and talents to avoid the traps and navigate out of the maze, while also trying to solve the mystery of what the cube is and why they are in it. However, the pressure of being in the cube generally turns one of the prisoners into a homicidal maniac who preys on the others.
"Cube Zero" was slightly different from the first two films in that it also dealt with the people on the outside of the cube whose job it was to control the cube and oversee those within.
In March 2011, Lionsgate announced it was considering an additional film in the series, tentatively titled "Cube 3D".
Mythology.
The world in which the "Cube" series is set is kept secret from the viewer of the films throughout. The first "Cube", in particular, portrays nothing of the world in which the film is set, who is responsible for the Cube, or why the prisoners are there. Hints are, however, given throughout the second and third films.
The second film reveals that a company named "IZON" ( as in "eyes on") is responsible for the development of the Cubes, and the third film indicates that their construction and operation has either been ordered or directly carried out by an unidentified government.

</doc>
<doc id="2933765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933765" title="Rožmberk Castle">
Rožmberk Castle

Rožmberk (German: original Rosenberg) is a castle situated in South Bohemia near Rožmberk nad Vltavou in the Czech Republic. Considered as one of the oldest castles in Bohemia, it stands on a promotory carved out on three sides by the river Vltava. It was first mentioned in 1253 in a document signed by Vok "von Rosenberg". It is regarded as the cradle of the House of Rožmberk, also known as the "Lords of the Rose", a historical Czech aristocratic family.
History.
The Rožmberk castle was founded in the first half of the 13th century either by Vítek the Younger of Prčice, or by his son Vok of Prčice, a member of the powerful Vítkovci family ("Witikonides" in Latin; "Witigonen" in German) who later styled himself Vok of Rožmberk ("Vok de Rosenberch") after this castle. The original castle, known as Horní hrad (Upper Castle), consisted of a high tower known as the Jakobínka (9,6 m diameter) with corbelled raparts and a palace. The structure was completely surrounded by castle walls with a moat. Within a short time, a tributary town grew in the barbican. The castle became the administrative and economic centre of the family's lands, a part of which Vok gave to the newly established Cistercian monastery in Vyšší Brod. In 1302, when the cadet Krumlov branch of the Vítkovci died out, Vok's offspring inherited Český Krumlov and they settled there permanently. After 1330 Jindřich of Rožmberk built the Dolní hrad (Lower Castle), which was defended by ramparts placed above the moat, which was cut through the neck of the rock. 
In 1420 Oldřich II of Rožmberk (1403–1462), father of Perchta of Rožmberk, the White Lady, was forced to pawn the castle to the Lords of Walsee from Austria to get money to finance the army he was fielding against the Hussites. The loan was paid off, but in 1465 the castle was pawned again to the Lobkovic family. This loan too was paid off. The Starý (Horní) hrad (Old or Upper castle) burned down in 1522 and was never rebuilt. 
In 1600 Petr Vok of Rožmberk bequeathed the castle and its estates to his nephew Johann Zrinski of Seryn (1565–1612), son to Nikola Šubić Zrinski. Zrinski rebuilt the Lower castle in Renaissance style. When he died in 1612, the estates were inherited by the Švamberks, relatives of the Rožmberks. But they soon lost the castle because all their estates were confiscated after the Battle of White Mountain by Emperor Ferdinand II, who gave it to the commander of the Imperial army, Charles Bonaventure de Longueval, Count of Bucquoy, who played an important role in the suppression of the rebellion of the Czech Estates. The Buquoys, whose main residence was in Nové Hrady, repaired and altered their family seat (1840–57), remodelling the building in the style of Romantic Neo-Gothic, and keeping it until 1945 when it was nationalised after the end of World War II.
Architecture.
The castle was opened to the public in the middle of the 19th century as one of the first museums in Bohemia. The Rožmberk tradition is represented by the Renaissance sgraffito decoration of the outside facades and beautiful painted decorations of the interiors.
The Gothic fortress was changed during the Renaissance era and then in the 19th century within the "Tudor Gothic Passion" period. The last owners of the castle, the Buqouy family (who were Czech nobles of French origin), transformed it into a museum open to the public, one of the first museums in the Bohemian land. The main palace, with its architectural features of several historic styles, shelters a unique collection of Baroque furniture and paintings as well as a wonderful Renaissance Hall with a famous "musical niche" in the so-called Knight's Hall. The message "Loves disappear, colours fade" was discovered in 2004 carved on a wall in the Knight's Hall. This was done by Spanish soldiers in the 17th century.
The interiors, mostly renovated in the Neo-Gothic style, are furnished with valuable pieces of furniture, some of which feature custom wood carvings commissioned for the museum. Neither the style nor the furniture of the castle have been changed since its reconstruction in the Romantic style was completed. The castle picture gallery contains several valuable Czech and European paintings from artists of the Late Renaissance and Baroque eras, such as Bartholomeus Spranger, Karel Škréta, Jan Kupecký, and Norbert Grund. Among them the painting of Perchta, "the White Lady" of Rožmberk, one of the most famous ghosts in Bohemia. She has supposedly appeared several times during the centuries since her death. A local legend has it that if one understands what is written in secret signs on the picture, this one would free her and find a silver treasure.
The armoury contains a unique collection of stabbing and cutting weapons, firearms, war relics, and heraldic emblems. The picture gallery is full of remarkable paintings dating as far back as the Renaissance era. The bronze elephant sculpture in the courtyard is a copy made in 2003. The original elephant from 1916 was stolen by Nazis and was lost for 50 years standing here in the yard. The owners found it and it was given back to them to make amends for the Holocaust. Now the elephant is back home in Switzerland and the copy is here to delight visitors, who gently touch it.

</doc>
<doc id="2933769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933769" title="Virginia Haussegger">
Virginia Haussegger

Virginia Haussegger AM (born 21 March 1964) is an Australian journalist who has been the presenter of the 7pm ABC Canberra News since 2001.
Career in Journalism.
She was previously a reporter and presenter of the ABC's "7:30 Report", and was a senior reporter at Channel Nine and the Seven Network on flagship current affairs programs. In addition to broadcast, she is a columnist and leading commentator on a range of social and gender issues and is published across various Australian media. She was awarded the United Nations Association of Australia Media Peace Prize for her coverage of Indigenous Affairs in 1996.
As an author.
She is the author of ""Wonder Woman: The Myth of Having it All"" which examines issues of feminism, fertility and female choice.
Social issues.
She has promoted public awareness of the non-government organisation Mahboba's promise that assists women, widows and orphans in Afghanistan.
She is an Adjunct Professor at the ANZSOG Governance Institute at the University of Canberra.
Honours.
In the 2014 Queen's Birthday Honours List, Haussegger was appointed as a Member of the Order of Australia (AM), for "significant service to the community, particularly as an advocate for women's rights and gender equity, and to the media".
Personal details.
She married fellow journalist, Political Editor for the Adelaide Advertiser, Mark Kenny on the 15th of October 2005; it is the second marriage for both partners.

</doc>
<doc id="2933770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933770" title="Rožmberk">
Rožmberk

Rožmberk () may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="2933771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933771" title="The Giant Drop">
The Giant Drop

The Giant Drop is an Intamin drop tower ride located at the Dreamworld theme park on the Gold Coast, Australia. The ride was added in December 1998 to the existing Dreamworld Tower which housed the Tower of Terror. For fourteen years, The Giant Drop held the record for the tallest drop tower in the world.
History.
Construction of the Dreamworld Tower began in 1996. On 23 January 1997, the Tower of Terror officially opened to the public. Close to two years later, on 26 December 1998, The Giant Drop officially opened to the public as part of the Dreamworld Tower. Additional theming was added around the base of the ride and the Vintage Car track was re-routed around the base of the tower. The cost to build The Giant Drop, had the Dreamworld Tower not been already standing, was published at A$12 million. Over 5 million people have been dropped to date.
In mid-2007, concerns were raised over the safety of Intamin drop towers after at Six Flags Kentucky Kingdom's ride where a teenage girl had her feet severed after a cable had snapped. Despite the incident, Dreamworld continued to keep The Giant Drop operating stating their ride's cables had daily and monthly checks. An independent safety audit concluded that "Dreamworld's safety standards are world class and second to none".
Ride.
The Giant Drop consists of a pair of vertical tracks which attach to the flank of the Dreamworld Tower. Each track features one, eight-seat floorless gondola in which riders are harnessed in by over-the-shoulder restraints. Catch cars lift the gondolas for a duration of approximately 90 seconds to a dynamic height of . After a brief pause, gondolas are released into a free-fall, attaining a terminal velocity of before stopped by permanently mounted rare-earth magnets. At this moment, the on-ride photo is taken.
Upon opening, the eastern side of The Giant Drop featured a momentary pause shortly after the release from the top. This was caused by a set of magnetic brakes, which have since been removed.
Television.
The Giant Drop has been featured on Australian Guinness World Records television show. It was also featured on the 2009, American, Travel Channel documentary ""Extreme Terror Rides"". In 2010 season of The Amazing Race Asia, teams were required to ride The Giant Drop and photograph Kenny Koala, the park's mascot, waving the race flag once they've reached the top.
Records.
At the time of opening, in December 1998, "The Giant Drop" gained the Guinness World Record title of the ""World's Tallest Vertical Drop Ride"". "The Giant Drop" conceded the title on 7 July 2012, when "" opened at Six Flags Magic Mountain located in California.

</doc>
<doc id="2933787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933787" title="Secondary constriction">
Secondary constriction

Secondary constriction is seen at the chromosome in addition to primary constriction/centromere. Chromosome can bend only at the site of primary constriction during Anaphase. Secondary constrictions are useful in identifying a chromosome from a set. There are either 0, 1, 2, 3, or 4 secondary constriction sites in a cell at anaphase.
Some parts of these constrictions indicates sites of nucleolus formation and so they are called "Nucleolar Organizing Region." (Anaphase is part of cell division)
The formations of nucleolus takes place around the NOR region.
The secondary constriction also contains the genes for rRNA synthesis (18 S, 5.8 S, 28 S)
NOR occurs in SAT (satellite chromosome) chromosomes (13,14,15,21,22)

</doc>
<doc id="2933789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933789" title="Steam exploded fiber">
Steam exploded fiber

Steam exploded fiber is a pulping and extraction technique that has been applied to wood and other fibrous organic material. The resulting fibers can be combined with organic polymers to produce fiber composite materials. Alternatively, the fibers, along with other extracted substances, can be processed chemically or digested to produce ethanol and other useful substances.

</doc>
<doc id="2933791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933791" title="Holdsworth">
Holdsworth

Holdsworth was a bicycle manufacturer in London, England. It was created by William Frank Holdsworth, known as Sandy and is now owned by Planet X Bikes Based in Rotherham. 
History.
Sandy Holdsworth took over Ashlone Cycle Works at 132 Lower Richmond Rd, Putney, south-west London in 1927. Holdsworth continued to work during the day in his life insurance business, and appointed his wife's brother, Owen Bryars, as manager.
The shop mechanic, Jack Capeling, made the first Holdsworth frames there around the end of the 1920s, using a shed behind the building. The company expanded by the end of 1930, it had further premises at 121 Lennard Rd, Beckenham, Kent; 185 Markhouse Road, Walthamstow; and 5 Thesiger Road, Penge. 
Holdsworth's wife, Margaret, came from a family in the clothing business. The clothing background appears relevant because Holdsworth began advertising cycling garments and shoes under the brand name Worthy. The company was better regarded for clothes than for frames until the arrival in 1938 of an established frame-builder, Bill Hurlow. 
Harlow arrived at the time of an internal dispute, which led the manager, Owen Bryars, to open a rival shop across the road, and another in Beckenham, south London. 
The original company formed a subsidiary, Holdsworthy Factoring, which built W.F. Holdsworth bicycles and wholesaled British-made parts and those it began importing from the continent.
Mass market.
After buying the business and brands of Freddie Grubb in 1952, after the business of Claud Butler had gone bankrupt, Holdsworth bought the rights to the brand in 1958. In 1963 the company bought the Macleans brand.
By the time Sandy Holdsworth died on 28 August 1961, the company had grown too large to build the individual frames that racing cyclists were demanding. The division of operation was made clearer when Owen Bryars died in 1958, with the company acquiring his shops which had sold mass-produced Holdsworth bikes, whilst the individual orders were handled by frame-builder Reg Collard at 132 Lower Richmond Road.
Marketing.
Holdsworth became a national name in British cycling through both its catalogue, "Aids to Happy Cycling", later renamed "Bike Rider's Aids", and through its professional team.
In 1953 Holdsworth had appointed a former sailor, Roy Thame, who had worked at a cycle shop in Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire, where he lived. Working for the company for more than 50 years, Thame established and managed the dominant professional cycling team that the company co-sponsored with Campagnolo accessories of Italy, a brand that Holdswoth had the rights to distribute in the UK. The teams riders included Colin Lewis, who twice rode in the Tour de France, and the Tour of Britain winner Les West.
Thame also managed the Great Britain teams in world championships, served on British Cycling Federation committees nationally and acted as commissaire, or chief referee, on domestic multi-day races such as the Tour of the West.
Present.
After the death of Mrs Margaret Holdsworth in the 1970s, the company was split in two.
The wholesale and mass-production side of the business called the Holdsworth Company, which owned the rights to all of the brands, stayed in the Holdsworth family. A change in cycling tastes from road to mountain bikes, general foreign competition through cheap imports from Asia and a sequence of management difficulties led to it being sold to rival bicycle manufacturer Elswick Hopper plc in the mid-1980s. The residual brands of this side of the company are today part of the Falcon Cycles division of Tandem Group plc. A new Holdsworth Professional road bike was announced in January 2011, using the famous orange and blue colour scheme.
Roy Thame inherited two-thirds of the company, effectively inheriting the specialist retail division of the company known as W.F. Holdsworth. Today the shop at 132 Lower Richmond Rd, Putney, is still there. After a period selling just low to mid-range mountain and hybrid bikes, it has now tried to resurrect some of the Holdsworth heritage by selling road bikes, including some top-end frames (e.g. De Rosa) and recently reintroduced some Holdsworth branded road bikes and clothing. Roy Thame died aged 85 in 2006.
As of December 2013 the shop has closed and is being converted into flats. The Holdsworth Brand was purchased by Planet X Bikes and at L'Eroica Britannia in 2015 a new Heritage range of Holdsworth bikes will be launched developed by Lorenzo Altissimo.

</doc>
<doc id="2933793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933793" title="Energomash">
Energomash

The Energomash Corporation (Cyrillic: "Энергомаш") is a Russian power engineering company. Energomash manufactures small cogeneration plants as well as wide variety of components for the energy industry. In addition to this core activity, Energomash also supplies a large number of other diverse engineering and import/export production to more than 60 countries.
In addition to producing power technologies, Energomash has occupies leading positions in metalware construction, pipeline fittings, nuclear industry equipment.
Its nuclear engineering subsidiary is Energomash-Atommash.
References.
Patent# 61702581

</doc>
<doc id="2933802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933802" title="Looking for Jake">
Looking for Jake

Looking for Jake is a collection of science fiction, horror and fantasy stories by British author China Miéville. It was first published by Del Rey Books and Macmillan in 2005.
Stories.
The book contains eleven short stories, a novella ("The Tain"), a novelette ("Reports of Certain Events in London"), and a comic book-esque tale ("On The Way to the Front"), which was illustrated by British comic book artist Liam Sharp. Eleven of the stories were originally published between 1998 and 2004, and the remaining four ("The Ball Room", "Go Between", "Jack", "On the Way to the Front") had never been published before. The short story, "The Ball Room" was co-written by Miéville, Emma Bircham and Max Schaefer, and the novella, "The Tain" was published as a free standing book in 2002.
All of the stories are set in London, with the exceptions of "Jack", set in Miéville's created world Bas-Lag, and "Foundation", the setting of which is not specified. The stories are as follows:
Adaptations.
In 2006 it was announced that the story "Details" was turned into a script by Dan Kay, and subsequently picked up by studio Paramount Vantage. The script was said to expand upon the original story's exploration of pareidolia and rework the plot to feature a father and daughter. As of November 2008, "Martyrs" director Pascal Laugier is attached to direct.

</doc>
<doc id="2933814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933814" title="Garbage Man">
Garbage Man

Garbage Man may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2933834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933834" title="Canon T90">
Canon T90

The Canon T90, introduced in 1986, was the top of the line in Canon's "T series" of 35 mm Single-lens reflex (SLR) cameras. It is the last professional-level manual-focus camera from Canon, and the last professional camera to use the Canon FD lens mount. Although it was overtaken by the autofocus revolution and Canon's new, incompatible EOS (Electro-Optical System) after only a year in production, the T90 pioneered many concepts seen in high-end Canon cameras up to the present day, particularly the user interface, industrial design, and the high level of automation.
Due to its ruggedness, the T90 was nicknamed "the tank" by Japanese photojournalists. Many have still rated it highly even 20+ years after its introduction; camera collector and dealer Stephen Gandy said, "... the Canon T90 was years ahead of anything else on the market at that time. It is, quite simply, one of the best manual focus 35 mm SLR designs of all time." He goes on to conclude, "It gets my vote as the best Canon design ever." Similar sentiments can be found in many other users.
Design.
Previous Canon cameras had been wholly in-house design projects. For the T90, Canon brought in German industrial designer Luigi Colani in a collaboration with Canon's own designers. The final design was composed of Colani's ideas by Kunihisa Ito of ODS Co. Ltd., incorporating Colani's distinctive "bio-form" curvaceous shapes. Canon considered Colani's contribution important enough to present him with the first production T90 body, engraved with his name. Computer-aided design techniques were introduced to Canon for the T90, as well as the use of computer controlled (CNC) milling machines to make the molding dies for the shell.
Much work went into human factors engineering to create an ergonomic user interface for the camera. The form of previous cameras was largely dictated by the required locations of mechanical controls on the body, such as the film advance lever, rewind crank, shutter speed dial, shutter release, etc. On the T90, the film transport control is no longer required, while the others are no longer mechanically linked. This gave the designers more freedom to shape the camera to make it easier to control and hold, and to place controls in a way that suited the user rather than a mechanical design.
The T90 introduced features still used on SLR cameras today. While the use of a LCD screen on the top of the camera's right hand side was not new for the T90 – it was introduced on the T70 – the T90 refined it to show even more camera information. A control wheel is located behind the shutter release and convenient for the right index finger was used to adjust most camera settings in conjunction with other buttons located for the right thumb and on the left-hand side of the camera; again, this design is still used in Canon's digital SLRs in current production.
Power features.
The T90 includes an integral motor driven film advance, focal plane shutter, mirror and aperture cocking and rewind functions. Canon broke new ground with the powered features of the camera. Previously, cameras used one powerful electric motor geared to all functions. Instead, the T90 has three coreless micromotors within the body, close to the functions they drove, for maximum mechanical advantage. One was used to wind the film, achieving a high-speed rate of 4.5 frames per second. A second prepared the shutter, mirror etc. for the next shot. A third motor powered the rewind function. All of this is driven by four AA batteries in the base of the camera.
To control the camera's systems, the T90 uses a dual CPU architecture. The main, low-power CPU runs at 32 kHz while the sub-CPU runs at 1 MHz, and is powered down when not needed. The main CPU handles the LCD display and overall state, while the sub-CPU handles exposure calculations, viewfinder display, and control of the camera's motors. This architecture provides for lower power usage. Both CPUs, plus other integrated circuits and components, are mounted on several flexible circuit boards that fit around the camera's structure.
A coin-type lithium battery on the main circuit board retains camera settings when the AA batteries are removed. This is not a user-serviceable part, and when it fails the camera has to be brought to a service center where the battery can be replaced by a Canon technician. Expected battery life is on the order of five years, although this depended on a variety of factors including how the duration of periods without main battery (4xAA) power.
Metering.
For the T90, Canon developed their most sophisticated light-metering system yet. Although it introduced no novel metering techniques, it assembled the majority of the metering techniques then developed into one easy-to-use system. First, it took the metering options from the New F-1—center-weighted average metering, partial area metering, and spot metering—and makes them available with a press of a button and a turn of the command dial. The New F-1 requires a focusing screen change to switch metering patterns. On the T90, partial area metering uses the center 13% of the picture area, while spot metering uses the center 2.7%.
To these, Canon copied the metering options found on Olympus' OM-4. "Multi-spot metering" allows the photographer to average up to eight spot meter readings from different parts of the scene. In another feature borrowed from Olympus, separate "Highlight" and "Shadow" spot readings could be taken. These adjust the camera's metering decisions to ensure extremes of tonal range are not muted and grey in the final exposure.
Two built-in sensors are used to implement all these metering options. Center-weighted and partial area metering are performed by a double-area silicon photocell (SPC) in Canon's standard location above the eyepiece, while spot metering is performed by another SPC located at the bottom of the mirror box. Light reaches that sensor via a half-silvered area of the main mirror and a secondary mirror located beneath it. The spot metering cell also allows for automatic TTL "off-the-film" flash metering, again borrowed from Olympus.
Notably lacking is what is now the most common metering mode on SLR cameras, matrix metering. Nikon had introduced this in the FA in 1983, but Canon did not follow suit until 1987's EOS 650.
Exposure.
Eight exposure modes are available. Program AE (Auto-Exposure) mode puts exposure control completely in the hands of the camera. Variable Shift Program AE allows the photographer to bias the camera towards narrow aperture with three Wide Angle settings, or fast shutter speed with three Telephoto settings as well as the standard mode. For more manual control, Aperture Priority AE and Shutter-Speed Priority AE allow the photographer to set one exposure variable manually while the camera chooses the other.
In either of the latter two modes, a Safety Shift feature allows the camera to adjust the "fixed" parameter if it can not obtain a correct exposure otherwise. For example, in Aperture Priority mode, if the photographer has the aperture fixed wide open to photograph a very bright scene, the correct shutter speed to expose correctly at that aperture might be faster than the camera was capable of. Safety Shift will let the camera reduce the aperture until it can achieve a correct exposure at maximum shutter speed. The Safety Shift feature can be turned on and off by pressing two buttons on the back of the camera near the base.
If no automation of exposure is desired, a Manual mode is available. In this, the camera's metering acts as a sophisticated light-meter, but all decisions are made by the photographer. For use with older lenses that do not have an automated aperture diaphragm, Stopped-down Aperture Priority AE or Stopped-down Manual can be used; these instruct the camera that the currently set aperture will be the taking aperture, and to therefore adjust the metering calculations accordingly. Finally, a Flash AE mode is available for flash photography.
Flash.
The T90 was the first Canon camera to support through-the-lens (TTL) flash metering. This measures the actual light levels reaching the film by measuring reflected light off the film (OTF), shutting down the flash unit once the film is sufficiently exposed. The measurement is calculated using the average reflectivity of color negative film. This system is also used on Canon's new EOS system, making the T90 the only non-EOS Canon body compatible with TTL Canon flashes. The T90's X-sync speed of 1/250 second was the fastest Canon had achieved and is better than most other cameras available at the time it was in production.
A new, dedicated flash unit, the Speedlite 300TL, was launched alongside the T90 to support its new flash modes. It has a zoomable head, capable of adjustment (by moving the head in and out) to cover the fields of view of 24, 35, 50 and 85 mm lenses. For bounce flash, the head can be rotated up to 90° vertically, 180° to the left, and 90° to the right. As well as the plain TTL mode, the 300TL supports A-TTL (Advanced TTL); here, the flash-to-subject distance is calculated using an infrared pulse with a detector mounted on the flash body. In bounce mode, however, it uses a 1/20th power pre-flash instead.
A pre-flash is also used in "FE Lock" mode (flash exposure lock). In this mode, the pre-flash is used in conjunction with spot metering to determine the correct exposure in advance of taking the picture. Thus, the camera can be moved to reframe the main subject off-center and still expose correctly.
For exposures slower than the X-sync speed, previous SLR flash systems triggered the flash at the start of the exposure, as soon as the first shutter curtain had finished its travel. However, for motion blurs and light trails in a longer exposure, this method gives the impression of backwards movement, since the motion trails out in front of the moving object after the flash. The T90, became the first mass-market camera to support "second-curtain flash", where the flash fires at the end of the exposure, just before the second shutter curtain starts to close.
Although not identical, the current (2009) Canon Speedlite 580 EX II supports the T90 as well.
Canon also produced a dedicated macro ring flash for the camera, the ML-2. This supports TTL and manual models only, and contains two flash tubes, one on either side, which can be fired separately or together. The system consists of the flash ring itself, which fits onto the end of the lens, and a control unit which screws into the hot shoe atop the camera. The later ML-3 ring flash, introduced for the EOS system cameras, also supports the T90.
Accessories.
While the T90 does not support the vast range of accessories available for Canon's F-1, F-1n or New F-1, a number of significant accessories are available. The pentaprism is not interchangeable, but the focusing screen is; eight different screens are available for different applications. Standard is the "New Split/Microprism" screen, which offers three of the most common focusing aids simultaneously; the central circle is a split image prism, surrounded by a microprism ring; the rest of the screen is a laser matte.
Two optional data backs are available for the T90. The first, the Command Back 90, both allows date and data imprinting on the photographs and also allowed various forms of time-lapse photography. The second, sold by Canon only in certain markets, is the Data Memory Back 90, which stores 16 shot variables for up to 156 exposures, or six variables for up to 338 exposures. The computer interface to the Data Memory Back 90 supports only the MSX home computer standard. Third parties have adapted connectors to other computer systems.
A wired 60T3 remote control unit plugs into a socket fitted beneath the right handgrip, while an infrared remote control kit is also available as the LC-2. This unit also supports an Auto Sensing mode for completely unmanned photography. This trips the shutter whenever something blocked the path between transmitter and receiver—useful in wildlife photography, for example.
Modifications.
A number of modifications to the T90 have been performed over the years, by Canon or third parties, in order to add features missing from the camera as-built:
Use today.
Canon ceased supporting the camera in 1998 and spare parts are no longer available from them. The subsequent difficulty in obtaining repair services is likely to discourage any remaining professional use of these cameras. 
One issue is with LCD (liquid crystal display) life, a problem not unique to the T90. LCD displays age and wear out at a varying rate dependent on environmental conditions, use and other factors. Commonly quoted lifespans are about five to ten years; thus, many T90s will have displays nearing the end of their lives, even if they have been replaced. The spare part is no longer available and no third-party replacement has emerged.
The plastic battery holder on the T90 is somewhat susceptible to breakage, and can cause the camera to become inoperative. Used cameras should be carefully checked for broken/repaired battery holder compartments. Another common problem is failure of the second internal battery that retains frame number/ISO settings, replacement of which requires service by a person skilled in soldering techniques and camera disassembly. 
Another, more serious, problem concerns the shutter. The T90's shutter appears to become "sticky" as the camera ages. It is prone to locking up, in which case the camera's LCD displays "EEE" and the message "HELP" appears in the viewfinder display. This is commonly called the "EEE syndrome" among users. The problem is most likely to crop up after the camera has been left unused for some time; thus, the best way to prevent it is regular use of the camera. It does not seem to cause inaccurate shutter speeds before failure. The problem can be corrected by a knowledgeable technician without replacing the shutter mechanism. It is reportedly caused by dirt on the shutter's magnets affecting their performance. But if left unused for an extended period of time the circuit will need to be replaced, an expensive and time-consuming proposition.
The sticky shutter problem relates to a rubber washer which is involved in the operation of the shutter. With age and atmospheric conditions, it tends to deteriorate and become sticky, so that it impedes the operation of the shutter. Frequent use can delay the stickiness from 'glueing up' the shutter, but once started, the only long-term remedy is to have the shutter repaired, when the rubber washer is replaced, and so another 10 years or more can be enjoyed with the camera working correctly. A good short term solution is to lightly clean the shutter diaphragm with a cotton ball and lighter fluid.
As with some other electronically-controlled SLR film cameras, a working Canon T90 can be a bargain on the used market. Prices from used camera dealers providing warranties range from approximately US$120–140 for a camera in working condition to approximately US$240–260 for a camera body in mint condition with accessories, box and manual.
Canon FD lenses, however, remain quite affordable compared to their EF counterparts.

</doc>
<doc id="2933835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933835" title="Nicanor Reyes, Sr.">
Nicanor Reyes, Sr.

Nicanor I. Reyes, Sr. Founder, 1st President of the Far Eastern University in the City of Manila. He envisioned a school that would promote the teaching of accounting to Filipinos, a profession formerly available only to foreigners. He wanted to prove that Filipinos were capable and trustworthy in handling the hundred of enterprises that would result with the coming of the independence of the country.
He earned an A.B. in 1915 from the University of the Philippines, a bachelor's degree in Commercial Science from New York University in 1917, and a Master of Arts degree in Business Administration from Columbia University the following year. He received his Ph.D. in Accountancy from Columbia - the first Filipino to do so, which was also the first degree of its kind to be awarded by Columbia. During the Pacific War, the Japanese killed Dr. Nicanor Reyes and some members of his family. His son, Nicanor M. Reyes, Jr., later became president of FEU.

</doc>
<doc id="2933839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933839" title="Candleberry tree">
Candleberry tree

Candleberry tree is a common name for several plants and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2933858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933858" title="Bobot language">
Bobot language

Bobot is a language of the island of Seram, Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="2933867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933867" title="Joseph Ludwig Raabe">
Joseph Ludwig Raabe

Joseph Ludwig Raabe (15 May 1801 in Brody, Galicia – 22 January 1859 in Zürich, Switzerland) was a Swiss mathematician.
Life.
As his parents were quite poor, Raabe was forced to earn his living from a very early age by giving private lessons. He began to study mathematics in 1820 at the Polytechnicum in Vienna, Austria. In autumn 1831, he moved to Zürich, where he became professor of mathematics in 1833. In 1855, he became professor at the newly founded Swiss Polytechnicum.
He is best known for Raabe's ratio test, an extension of d'Alembert's ratio test, which serves to determine the convergence or divergence of an infinite series. He is also known for the Raabe integral of the gamma function

</doc>
<doc id="2933870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933870" title="Canna indica">
Canna indica

Canna indica L. (also known as saka siri, Indian shot, canna, achira, bandera, chancle, coyol, or platanillo, Marathi:kardaL करदळ, Sanskrit: vankeLii वनकेळी, sarvajayaa सर्वजया) is a species of the "Canna" genus, belonging to the family Cannaceae, a native of the southeastern United States (Florida, Texas, Louisiana, South Carolina), Mexico, Central America, the West Indies and much of South America. It is also reportedly naturalized in Austria, Portugal, Spain, Azores, Canary Islands, Cape Verde, Madeira, most of tropical Africa, Ascension Island, St. Helena, Madagascar, China, Japan, Taiwan, the Bonin Islands, India, Assam, Nepal, Sri Lanka, the Andaman Islands, Cambodia, Laos, Thailand, Vietnam, Burma, Java, Malaysia, the Philippines, Christmas Island, the Bismarck Archipelago, Norfolk Island, New South Wales, Queensland, Fiji, Tonga, Vanuatu, Kiribati, the Cook Islands, the Society Islands, the Caroline Islands and Hawaii.
"Canna indica" is a perennial growing to between 0.5 m and 2.5 m, depending on the variety. It is hardy to zone 10 and is frost tender. The flowers are hermaphrodite. "Canna indica" sps. can be used for the treatment of industrial waste waters through constructed wetlands. It is effective for the removal of high organic load, color and chlorinated organic compounds from paper mill wastewater.
Seeds.
The seeds are small, globular, black pellets, hard and heavy enough to sink in water. They resemble shotgun pellets giving rise to the plant's common name of Indian Shot. The seeds are hard enough to shoot through wood and still survive and later germinate. According to the BBC "The story goes that during the Indian Mutiny of the 19th century, soldiers used the seeds of a "Canna indica" when they ran out of bullets."
The seeds are widely used for jewellery. The seeds are also used as the mobile elements of the kayamb, a musical instrument from Réunion, as well as the hosho, a gourd rattle from Zimbabwe, where the seeds are known as ""hota"" seeds.
Taxonomy.
In the last three decades of the 20th century, "Canna" species have been categorised by two different taxonomists, Paulus Johannes Maria Maas from the Netherlands and Nobuyuki Tanaka from Japan. Maas regards "C". "coccinea", "C". "compacta", "C". "discolor", "C". "patens" and "C". "speciosa" as synonyms or varieties of "C". "indica", while Tanaka recognises several additional varieties of "C". "indica".

</doc>
<doc id="2933877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933877" title="Kuji Station (Iwate)">
Kuji Station (Iwate)

Lines.
Kuji Station a terminal station on the Hachinohe Line, and is located 64.9 rail kilometers from the opposing terminus of the line at Hachinohe Station. It is also a terminal station for the Sanriku Railway North Rias Line and is 71.0 rail kilometers from the opposing terminus at Miyako Station.
Station layout.
Kuji Station has a single island platform connected to the station building by an overhead crossing. The station has a Green Window ticket booth. The side of the platform used by the Sanriku Railway is also used by three starting trains per day on the Hachinohe Line. 
History.
Kuji Station opened on 27 March 1930. The station became a terminal station for the Kuji Line on 20 July 1976. This line was privatized on 1 April 1984, becoming the Sanriku Railway Kita-Rias Line. Kuji Station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987. The 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami on 11 March 2011 destroyed much of the tracks and many stations on both the Hachinohe Line and the Sanriku Railway. However, the Sanriku Railway resumed operations to Rikuchū-Noda Station by 16 March and to Tanohata Station by 1 April 2012. The Hachinohe Line resumed operations on 17 March 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="2933889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933889" title="Khusro Bagh">
Khusro Bagh

Khusro Bagh (Hindi: ख़ुसरो बाग़, Urdu: ) is a large walled garden, close to the Allahabad Junction Station, in Allahabad, India, surrounding the tombs of Khusrau Mirza (died 1622), eldest son of emperor Jahangir, "Shah Begum", Khusrau's mother (died 1604), a Rajput princess and Jahangir's first wife, and that of Princess "Sultan Nithar Begam" (died c.1624), Khusrau's sister.
The architecture.
The three sandstone mausoleums within this walled garden, present an exquisite example of Mughal architecture
The design of its main entrance, the surrounding gardens, and the three-tier tomb of Sultan Begum, who died in 1604, has been attributed to "Aqa Reza", Jahangir’s principal court artist. Shah Begum, originally Man Bai, was the daughter of Raja Bhagvan Das of Amber. Distressed by the discord between her husband Jahangir and son Khusrau, she committed suicide in 1604 by swallowing opium. Her tomb was designed in 1606 by Aqa Reza and is a three storied terrace plinth without a main mound, inviting comparisons with Fatehpur Sikri by experts. The tomb however has a large chhatri that surmounts the plinth and the arabesque inscriptions that adorn her tomb were carved out by Mir Abdullah Mushkin Qalam, Jahangir's greatest calligrapher.
Next to the Begum's is the tomb of Khusrau's sister, Nithar. Architecturally, this is the most elaborate of the three. It lies on an elevated platform and is adorned with panels depicting the scalloped arch motif. Within the plinth are rooms whose ceilings have been elaborately painted with stars in concentric circles. The central room has on its walls floral decorations depicting Persian cypresses, flowers and plants.
The tomb of Khusrau, is the last of the three tombs in Khusro Bagh. Khusro was first imprisoned within the garden after he rebelled against his father, Jahangir, in 1606. Following an attempt to escape, he was blinded on Jahangir's instructions and was later killed, in 1622, on the orders of Khusrau's brother and Jehangir's third sonPrince Khurram, who later became the EmperorShah Jahan. The tomb has fretwork windows and the tomb of his mare lies near his own.
Khusrau's tomb was completed in 1622, while that of Nithar Begum's, which lies between Shah Begum's and Khusrau's tombs, was built on her instructions in 1624-25. Nithar's mausoleum is however empty and it does not contain her tomb within it.
During the Revolt of 1857 Khusrau Bagh became the headquarters of the sepoys under Maulvi Liyakat Ali who took charge as the Governor of liberated Allahabad. In Allahabad however the Mutiny was swiftly put down and Khusro Bagh was retaken by the British in two weeks.
The garden has now lend its name to the surrounding locality of Khusrobagh, which is now bustling township.

</doc>
<doc id="2933893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933893" title="Jack Bannon">
Jack Bannon

John James "Jack" Bannon (born June 14, 1940) is an American television actor. He is most famous for his role as Assistant City Editor Art Donovan on "Lou Grant", a role he played for the duration of the series, from 1977 until 1982. 
Bannon's parents were film and television actors Jim Bannon ("Red Ryder") and Bea Benaderet ("Burns and Allen", "Petticoat Junction", "The Beverly Hillbillies", and "The Flintstones").
Bannon is married to actress Ellen Travolta, an elder sister of John Travolta. They live in Coeur d'Alene, Idaho.

</doc>
<doc id="2933896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933896" title="Margaret Mary Ray">
Margaret Mary Ray

Margaret Mary "Peggy" Ray (1952 – October 5, 1998) was an American woman who suffered from schizophrenia and erotomania. She is best known for stalking American television talk show host David Letterman and retired astronaut Story Musgrave.
Early life.
Ray was second of four children born to George and Loretta Ray in Illinois. She attended Grayslake Community High in Grayslake, Illinois where she was a popular honor student. After graduating in 1970, Ray briefly enrolled in a nursing program at Marquette University. She dropped out during her sophomore year to marry her first husband, Gary Johanson, with whom she eventually had four children. When Ray was in her early 20s, she began showing signs of schizophrenia. Two of her brothers, Bill and David, also suffered from schizophrenia which began manifesting when both were in their early 20s. Bill committed suicide by driving his car into a tree in 1973 while David died of intentional carbon monoxide poisoning in 1977. Ray's mother Loretta later admitted that George Ray (who died of a heart attack in the 1970s) was treated for schizophrenia before their marriage and was an alcoholic.
By 1982, Ray's marriage to Gary Johanson had ended in divorce. Her mental health continued to decline and her ex-husband was awarded custody of their four children. Sometime after her divorce, Ray married for a second time and had a fifth child, Alex, in 1984. Ray's friends and family attempted to get her professional help but Ray refused and would frequently disappear for months at a time. Ray lived a transient life and would often hitchhike across the United States. When she wasn't living at the homes of various friends and family members, she would live in shanties. Around 1989, she relinquished custody of Alex to her mother.
Stalking behavior.
David Letterman.
Ray first made the news in May 1988, when she was arrested at the Lincoln Tunnel for failing to pay the $3 toll. She was driving late night talk show host David Letterman's Porsche, stolen from his driveway, with her three-year-old son Alex. She claimed she was Letterman’s wife and that her son was their child. Over the next several years, she was arrested a total of eight times for trespassing on Letterman's property and other related counts. She claimed she left cookies and an empty Jack Daniel's bottle in the foyer of Letterman's Connecticut home. At one point, she was found sleeping near a tennis court on Letterman's property.
Ray’s exploits became a staple of supermarket tabloids and Letterman himself publicly treated it as a joke. In 1993, before taking his late-night show to CBS, Letterman's "Top 10 things I have to do before I leave NBC" included, "Send change of address forms to that woman who breaks into my house." Another quip occurred on Letterman's first show on CBS, where he joked that because of his being on the air an hour earlier every day, Ray was breaking into his house that much earlier than normal. However, in an interview with Barbara Walters, Letterman noted he never mentioned Ray's name on the air, and said that he had great compassion for her, often declining to press criminal charges against her. "I wasn't comfortable with the humanity of that," he said.
Ray eventually served a total of 34 months in jail and psychiatric hospitals for stalking Letterman. During her jail and hospitals stays, Ray was prescribed antipsychotic drugs to treat her schizophrenia which improved her condition. She would stop taking them after her release because she did not like the physical side effects (weight gain and lethargy) and felt that she did not need the medication because she was not ill.
Story Musgrave.
After being released from jail in the early 1990s, Ray's attentions shifted to astronaut Story Musgrave, to whom she wrote letters, made telephone calls, and sent packages. In 1994, she posed as a reporter and interviewed him at the Johnson Space Center in Houston. In September 1997, she showed up at his home in Osceola County, Florida. She claimed she and Musgrave were writing a book together stating, "I love Dr. Musgrave. I would die for him. He is a man of integrity and intelligence." Ray eventually served time in a Florida jail for trespassing on Musgrave's property.
Post-prison life and suicide.
After her stint in jail, Ray was sent to psychiatric hospital in Miami and prescribed Haldol, an antipsychotic drug. Her condition improved and she was released from the hospital in August 1998. Shortly after her release, Ray stopped taking Haldol. She settled in Hotchkiss, Colorado, living on Social Security disability benefits and performing odd jobs.
On October 5, she committed suicide by kneeling on a railroad track in front of an oncoming train. In a letter that she wrote to her mother before her death, Ray wrote "I'm all traveled out. I chose a painless and instantaneous way to end my life in the valley I loved." Ray was cremated and her family scattered her ashes in Needle Rock Natural Area near Crawford, Colorado. Both Letterman and Musgrave publicly expressed sympathy upon her death.

</doc>
<doc id="2933897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933897" title="Hexanoic acid">
Hexanoic acid

Hexanoic acid (caproic acid), is the carboxylic acid derived from hexane with the general formula C5H11COOH. It is a colorless oily liquid with an odor that is fatty, cheesy, waxy, and like that of goats or other barnyard animals. It is a fatty acid found naturally in various animal fats and oils, and is one of the chemicals that give the decomposing fleshy seed coat of the ginkgo its characteristic unpleasant odor. It is also one of the components of vanilla. The primary use of hexanoic acid is in the manufacture of its esters for artificial flavors, and in the manufacture of hexyl derivatives, such as hexylphenols. 
The salts and esters of this acid are known as hexanoates or caproates.
Two other acids are named after goats: caprylic (C8) and capric (C10). Along with hexanoic acid, these total 15% in goat milk fat.
Caproic, caprylic, and capric acids (capric is a crystal- or wax-like substance, whereas the other two are mobile liquids) are not only used for the formation of esters, but also commonly used "neat" in: butter, milk, cream, strawberry, bread, beer, nut, and other flavors.

</doc>
<doc id="2933899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933899" title="Ray Lovelock (Macross)">
Ray Lovelock (Macross)

Ray Lovelock is a fictional character in the Macross universe. He first appears in "Macross 7", and also appears in the movie "" and the OAVs "Macross 7 Encore" and "Macross Dynamite 7". He is voiced by Masashi Sugahara.
Ray was once an ace U.N. Spacy fighter pilot, battling rogue Zentradi alongside his best friend, Stephan. So strong was his friendship that Ray backed out of a relationship with a woman named Akiko, allowing her to marry Stephan, whom he regarded as the better man. When Stephan was killed in battle, however, Ray was left desolate; leaving the military, turned to heavy drinking. Disenchanted with life, he roamed the Galaxy, wandering here and there trying to find a purpose. 
A pseudo-documentary on the history of the members of Fire Bomber (as seen in Macross 7 Encore, episode 1), containing dramaticised versions of events, shows how Ray's melancholy mood ended when he encountered a skinny young orphan, Basara Nekki, dwarfed by the acoustic guitar he carried everywhere with him. Basara's unflinching faith in the power of music and refusal to give up brought Ray back from the brink, and he became the boy's unofficial guardian; Basara's loyalty to him was so great that even when Ray was critically injured and tried to give Basara up for adoption, the boy remained by his side. What actually occurred was shown later in the same episode through a flashback: the drunken Ray is intrigued by the child Basara, whom he first meets as he is returning from trying to move a mountain with his song. Years later, Ray is working as a construction worker when he hears Basara's (now a teenager) singing; Ray confronts him and asks "How about moving mountains with me?"
And so the two found their own rock band, Fire Bomber, with Ray playing keyboards, and a micloned Zentradi, Veffidas Feaze, playing the drums; they were later joined by bassist Mylene Flare Jenius. Realizing the potential of Basara's music, Ray used his connections in the military to obtain for his young friend a customized VF-19 Excalibur jet fighter as part of a secret military project researching the effect of music on enemies during battle. His life became complicated when Akiko came back into his life as Fire Bomber's manager.
Solid and dependable, Ray often acts as the reality check for the younger members of his band and a semi-father figure for Basara. When the power of music against the Protodeviln is proven, he is invited by the military, along with the rest of Fire Bomber, to form the special squadron Sound Force with him as squadron leader. His plane is a customized two-seater VF-17 Nightmare, its control system modified to resemble a keytar with Veffidas in the back seat playing drums.

</doc>
<doc id="2933900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933900" title="Hashikami Station">
Hashikami Station

History.
Hashikami Station was opened on November 10, 1924 as a station on the Japanese Government Railways (JGR). All freight operations were discontinued as of October 1, 1962. With the privatization of the Japan National Railways (the post-war successor to the JGR) on April 1, 1987, it came under the operational control of JR East. The station has been unattended since December 10, 2005
Station layout.
Hashikami Station has two opposed side platforms serving two tracks, connected by an overpass with the station building.
Surrounding area.
Hashikami Station is distant from the center of the town, which is connected to the station by a bus service.

</doc>
<doc id="2933909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933909" title="Motorola StarTAC">
Motorola StarTAC

The Motorola StarTAC is a clamshell mobile phone manufactured by Motorola. It was released on 3 January 1996, being the first ever clamshell/flip mobile phone. The StarTAC is the successor of the MicroTAC, a semi-clamshell design that had been launched in 1989. Whereas the MicroTAC's shell folded down from below the keypad, the StarTAC folded up from above the display. In 2005, "PC World" put StarTAC at #6 in "The 50 Greatest Gadgets of the Past 50 Years".
The StarTAC was among the first mobile phones to gain widespread consumer adoption; approximately 60 million StarTACs were sold.
Release.
Motorola applied for the "StarTAC" trademark name in September 1995. The StarTAC was unveiled in North America on January 3, 1996. Then the smallest cell phone available, this AMPS phone was an immediate success. Successor TDMA and CDMA StarTACs were equally popular. GSM models were available in North America through Powertel, VoiceStream and other early GSM carriers. StarTACs remained popular until the early 2000s, appearing in many Hollywood movies of the period such as "8mm" starring Nicolas Cage. Many MicroTAC owners switched to this particular model due to its compact size and light weight. During its initial launch, magazine ads for the phone would include an actual size cardboard facsimile that could be pulled from the page to demonstrate the diminutive nature of the device.
The Motorola StarTac mobile phone was introduced at the price of $1000.
Key features.
Some key features of the Motorola StarTAC were:
StarTAC 2004.
The StarTAC name was revived in 2004 for a new model designed for the South Korean market. It had:
In addition, a version with an 18K gold directional keypad and brightwork, and was released as StarTAC 2004 SE.
The regular edition was released without the Mobile Banking function as the Motorola V628 in China. The 18K gold edition remained Korea-only.2
StarTAC III.
Motorola once again revived the StarTAC by announcing the StarTAC III on February 27, 2007.
Model list.
Analog phones
Digital phones
Lekki.
In October 2010, French company Lekki, who revamp iconic and vintage products from the 1990s, refurbished StarTACs in new colorful covers. They are selling it for €180.

</doc>
<doc id="2933910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933910" title="Wild Orchid (film)">
Wild Orchid (film)

Wild Orchid is a 1989 American erotic film directed by Zalman King and starring Mickey Rourke, Carré Otis, Jacqueline Bisset, Bruce Greenwood, and Assumpta Serna.
Plot.
Emily Reed (Otis) travels to New York City for an interview with an international law firm, which immediately offers her a job on the condition that she can fly to Rio de Janeiro the following morning. Emily agrees and is introduced to Claudia Dennis (Bisset), one of the firm's top executives. They arrive in Rio to finalize the purchase of a hotel, but angry Claudia must fly to Buenos Aires, Argentina, to meet the man the hotel's owner. Claudia instructs Emily to take her date for the night. While viewing the hotel, Emily sees two locals having animalistic sex, which unnerves her and she returns to her own hotel. She meets Claudia's date; a wealthy man named James Wheeler (Rourke). They have dinner, accompanied by James' bodyguards.
James intrigues Emily; he is quiet and asks personal questions without being demanding or rude. After dinner, they attend a street carnival; Emily leaves after a masked man who looks like James tries to seduce her. The next morning, Emily wakes to find James watching her. He gives her a bouquet of orchids and denies making advances to her the previous evening, and as an apology, he offers to show her the city. She is initially reluctant but consents; they attend a party with a married couple that they noticed in the restaurant the night before. Some military personnel at the party try to make advances on the wife; James fights them and he, Emily, and the couple leave quickly. The married couple is having marital problems because of the wife's infidelity. She wants to reconcile with her husband. James encourages the couple to have sex, which they do. Emily finds their actions disturbing. Emily and James then visit the hotel that her firm wants to buy, and she tells James that she fears he would disappear if she touched him. When Emily hugs James, he pulls away from her, telling her that he does not like to be touched.
The married couple gives James a necklace; he gives it to Emily. That night, Emily dresses up for the carnival festivities and is propositioned by a man in a mask, who offers her key to his room. She initially refuses the offer but James encourages her to accept. She realizes James is incapable of acting upon his own emotions and tries to experience passion through others. Emily agrees to the stranger's proposal and has sex with him. 
The next day, Claudia returns to Rio with the hotel's owner and arranges a meeting at the airport. Emily is humiliated; Jerome, the owner's attorney, is the stranger she slept with. Jerome uses this information to intimidate Emily to get a better deal for his client. Claudia discovers the truth and uses the information to threaten Jerome; if he does not complete the deal, she will tell his wife about the affair. Claudia and Emily get a very good deal. After the meeting, Claudia asks Emily about her impressions of James. She tells Emily that James was an only child who stuttered, and is a completely self-made man. Emily says that she became obsessed with James, but that he would never touch her. Claudia's assistants tell her that a man bought the deed to the old hotel before the deal was finalized; both women realize it was James, who confirms it was him. Claudia is angry and decides to proceed with the hotel's sale even though she does not own it, hoping that she will be able to circumvent James' actions.
Claudia arranges a huge party to commemorate the sale of the hotel. The next morning, Claudia invites a young surfer to her room, and asks Emilywho can speak Portugueseto translate what the surfer says. Claudia, Emily and the surfer are about to have sex when James interrupts them. Emily accuses James of setting people up to disappoint him and then throwing them aside when they do. He responds that he never sets anybody up and that they disappoint him of their own accord. James leaves and Emily shouts after him. Later that day, a package is delivered to Emily's room; James has signed over the old hotel's deed to her, saving the deal. Emily goes to the hotel, finds James and tells him she loves him, but leaves when he does not respond.
Later that night, Emily returns to her room, where James is waiting for her. He tells Emily that he hardly spoke for years after his father abandoned him as a child, and that because of this his teachers thought he was retarded. He left school at a young age and worked hard, and while still a teenager, he bought a run-down house and repaired it. After he began to accumulate wealth, women became attracted to him and he started playing games to keep things interesting. The games became a way of life and he cannot stop playing them. Emily encourages James to reach out to her, offering him her love if he makes an effort to touch her. At first he resists, but reaches out and holds her when he thinks she will leave him. The two embrace and have sex. They ride away happily on a motorcycle together.
Production.
It was shot in Salvador, Bahia, and Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. King's original version of the film was deemed too sexually graphic for an R-rating and the MPAA threatened to release it with an X-rating, limiting its commercial potential. King reluctantly removed part of a love scene between Otis and Rourke to comply with the R-rating. The scene was widely rumored in the media to have shown the two actors—who had become romantically involved during production of the film—actually having intercourse. Both actors denied this but the director was ambiguous. The uncut version of the film was released to video; both cuts of the film are available on MGM's DVD release.
Reception.
The film received negative reviews from critics around the time of its release, currently maintaining a 7% rating on review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes based on 15 reviews. It was nominated for two Razzie Awards, including Worst Actor (Mickey Rourke) and Worst New Star (Carre Otis). Despite failing at the US box office, it was a hit in Europe, andin common with King's better-known movie 9½ WeeksWild Orchid went on to make .

</doc>
<doc id="2933911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933911" title="Rikken Seiyūkai">
Rikken Seiyūkai

The was one of the main political parties in the pre-war Empire of Japan. It was also known simply as the "Seiyūkai".
Founded on September 15, 1900 by Itō Hirobumi, the "Seiyūkai" was a pro-government alliance of bureaucrats and former members of the "Kenseitō." The "Seiyūkai" was the most powerful political party in the Lower House of the Diet of Japan from 1900 to 1921, and it promoted big government and large-scale public spending. Though labeled "liberal" by its own members, it was generally conservative by modern definitions. It often opposed social reforms and it supported bureaucratic control and militarism for the purpose of winning votes. It viewed the "Rikken Minseitō" as its main rival.
The "Seiyūkai" came into power in October 1900 under the 4th Itō administration. Under its second leader, Saionji Kinmochi, it participated in the Movement to Protect Constitutional Government from 1912-1913. It was the ruling party under the Prime Minister Yamamoto Gonnohyōe from 1913-1914. Cabinet minister (and later 4th party president) Takahashi Korekiyo helped reinforce its ties with the "zaibatsu," especially the Mitsui financial interests.
The 3rd party president, Hara Takashi, became Prime Minister in September 1918, and assigned every cabinet post except for the Army Minister, Navy Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs to members of the "Seiyūkai". In the 1920, the party reached the peak of its popularity.
After Hara's assassination in 1921, a large block of party members defected to form the "Seiyū Hontō" in the 1924 General Election; however, the "Seiyūkai" retained enough seats to dominate the cabinet of its 5th party president, General Tanaka Giichi from 1927-1929.
While in the opposition during the "Minseitō"-dominated cabinet of Prime Minister Hamaguchi Osachi, the "Seiyūkai" attacked the ratification of the London Naval Treaty of 1930 as against Article 11 of the Meiji Constitution, which stipulated the independence of the military from civilian control. 
After winning the 1932 General Election under Inukai Tsuyoshi, "Seiyūkai" formed a cabinet, floated the yen and conducted policies to revive the economy. However, after Inukai’s assassination in the May 15 Incident of 1932, factionism within the party limited its effectiveness. 
In 1940 it voted to dissolve itself into the Imperial Rule Assistance Association as part of Fumimaro Konoe's efforts to create a single-party state, and thereafter ceased to exist. 
Ichirō Hatoyama, who had been a "Seiyūkai" member of the House of Representatives, led some former party members into the 1945 Liberal Party.

</doc>
<doc id="2933912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933912" title="European Institute of High International Studies">
European Institute of High International Studies

The Institut européen·European Institute (IE·EI) is an international institution of graduate studies and research, based in Nice, France.
History.
It was founded in 1964 with the support of the City of Nice and the European Commission.
Its programmes take place in different countries, and focus on European Studies as well as International Relations.
Studies.
The institute cooperates with numerous universities in central and eastern Europe, especially in Germany, Italy, and Turkey.
It features an international faculty, which consist of university professors, experts and an equally multicultural student body.
The institute offers "The Master in Advanced European and International Studies" in two different branches: the trilingual branch and the anglophone branch. Its aim is to give students an all-embracing, encompassing vision of the political, social, economic, and cultural problems of today’s modern world. Students who successfully complete the programme acquire 60 ECTS credits.
The Master in Advanced European and International Studies.
The trilingual branch.
The trilingual branch contains study visits in Nice and Berlin interrupted by a one week residence at the University of Rostock, which cooperates with the 'IE·EI' and a two week residence at their Partner the University of Rome. Further this branch contains a study trip to European and international organisations in Brussels, Strasbourg and Geneva. Together with the MAIS at the Diplomatic Academy of Vienna and the European College of Parma, it is the only Master’s program in European and International Studies taught in three languages (French, English, and German).
The anglophone branch.
The anglophone branch contains study visits in Istanbul, Nice and Berlin. Further this branch contains a study trip to European and international organisations in Brussels, Strasbourg and Geneva.
Summer Academies.
The institute arranges summer academies every year in different European cities to different topics.
Working language: English
Working language: English and French
Working language: French
Working language: French
Working language: English and French
Working language: English
Working language: English
Working language: English and French
Other Activities.
Club de Nice - Énergie et géopolitique
Identité européenne

</doc>
<doc id="2933920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933920" title="Marines">
Marines

Marines, also known as a marine corps or naval infantry, are an infantry force that specializes in naval operations such as amphibious assault. In the majority of countries, the marine force is part of the navy, but it can also be under the army or independent command.
Historically, tasks undertaken by marines have included providing protection from war while at sea, reflecting the pressed nature of the ships' company and the risk of mutiny. Other tasks would include boarding of vessels during combat or capture of prize ships and providing manpower for raiding ashore in support of the naval objectives. Marine elements would also contribute to the campaign ashore, in support of the military objective.
With the industrialization of warfare in the 20th century the scale of landing operations increased; thus brought with it an increased likelihood of opposition and a need for co-ordination of various military elements. Marine forces evolved to specialize in the skills and capabilities required for amphibious warfare.
History.
In the earliest day of naval warfare, there was little distinction between sailors and soldiers on a warship. In ancient China, the first well-known naval battles took place during the Warring States period (481 BC - 221 BC), where kings ruling regional states battled against one another. Chinese naval warfare in this ancient period featured grapple-and-hook, as well as ramming tactics with ships called "stomach strikers" and "colliding swoopers". It was written in the subsequent Han Dynasty that the Warring States era Chinese had employed ge chuan ships (dagger-axe ships, or halberd ships), thought to have a simple description of a ship manned by marines carrying dagger-axe halberds as personal weapons to defend their ship . In the west as the oarsmen of Ancient Greek and Roman ships had to be capable of fighting the rowers of opposing ships hand-to-hand; though hoplites began appearing on Greek ships specifically for the boarding of enemy ships. The Roman Navy's two fleet legions, I "Adiutrix" and II "Adiutrix", were among the first distinct naval infantry units.
The first organized corps of marines was created when the Spanish King Carlos V first assigned the naval infantry of the "Compañías Viejas del Mar de Nápoles" (Naples Sea Old Companies) to the Escuadras de Galeras del Mediterráneo (Mediterranean Galley Squadrons) in 1537, progenitors of the current Spanish Navy Marines (Infantería de Marina) corps.
Etymology.
The word "marine" is from the English adjective "marine", meaning "of the sea", via French "marin(e)", "of the sea" from Latin "marinus" ("maritime").
The word "marine" was originally used for the forces of England and exact one-word translations for the term do not exist in many other languages except for the Dutch word "marinier". Typically, foreign equivalents are called "naval infantry" or "coastal infantry". In French-speaking countries, two phrases exist which could be translated as "marine", "troupes de marine" and "fusiliers-marins"; similar pseudo-translations exist elsewhere, e.g., "Fuzileiros Navais" in Portuguese. The word "marine"/"marina" means "navy" in many European languages such as Dutch, French, Italian, German, Danish and Norwegian.
Roles.
The principal role of marine troops is military operations in the littoral zone, operating from ships they are trained to land on and secure key points to around 50 miles inland, or as far as ship borne logistics can provide.
Marine units primarily deploy from warships using helicopters, landing craft, hovercraft or amphibious vehicles.
In addition to their primary role, marine troops are also used in a variety of other naval roles such as ships detachments, small scale raiding, boarding operations, naval vessel & port security, riverine missions, mess duty, and field day operations.
By country.
Iraq.
The Iraqi Navy is a small force with 800 sailors and six platoons of marines designed to protect the shoreline and inland waterways from insurgent infiltration. The navy is also responsible for the security of offshore oil platforms. The navy will have coastal patrol squadrons, assault boat squadrons and a marine battalion. The force will consist of 2,000 to 2,500 sailors by 2010.
The Lebanese Republic.
Lebanon maintains an elite but very small in number "Navy Commando" regiment. Trained internationally and armed with mostly American and French made equipment, the Lebanese Navy Commandos maintain elite but seldom recognized status as some of the most skilled and well-trained special forces (alongside the Lebanese Maghaweer) in the Levant and Middle East.
Italy.
Italian Navy
Italian Army
Japan.
The JSDF has brigades operated similar to marines:
Russia.
The Russian Navy also has the Russian commando frogmen, an elite unit of underwater reconnaissance.
Turkey.
Amphibious Marine Infantry Brigade Command is the marine corps unit of the Turkish Naval Forces which consists 4,500 men based in Foça near İzmir, three amphibious battalions, an MBT battalion, an artillery battalion, a support battalion and other company-sized units.
Historical marine forces.
Ancient Greece.
The ancient Greek states did not possess specialized marine infantry, instead they used hoplites and archers as an onboard contingent ("epibatai").
Ancient Rome.
The Roman Navy used regular infantry as marines. Naval personnel were trained for raiding and also provided the troops for at least two legions (I "Adiutrix" and II "Adiutrix") for service on land. The various provincial fleets were usually provided with marines from the adjacent legions.
Byzantine Empire.
For several centuries, the Byzantine navy used the descendants of the Mardaites, who were settled in southern Anatolia and Greece, as marines and rowers for its ships. Emperor Basil I also established a separate marine regiment, 4,000 strong, for the central Imperial Fleet based at Constantinople. These were professional troops, and were counted among the elite "tagmata".
In the 1260s, when emperor Michael VIII Palaiologos rebuilt the navy, he recruited the "Tzakones" (settlers from Laconia) and the "Gasmouloi" (men of mixed Greek-Latin descent) as special marine troops. Despite the progressive decline and virtual disappearance of the navy, they remained active until the late Palaiologan period.
Confederate States of America.
The Confederate States Marine Corps (CSMC), a branch of the Confederate States Navy, was established by the Confederate Congress on 16 March 1861 and were mainly (80%) defectors from the U.S. Marines.
Denmark-Norway.
Marineregimentet (The Marine Regiment) was the naval infantry of the Royal Dano-Norwegian Navy.
Estonia.
The Meredessantpataljon, was a short lived infantry battalion of the Estonian Navy. The battalion was created in 1919 from the crews of the Estonian surface warships and was based in Tallinn. The unit was mainly used on the Southern Front during the Estonian War of Independence. The unit was operational from March to June in 1919.
France.
The "Troupes de marine" were founded in 1622 (as "compagnies ordinaires de la mer") as land forces under the control of the Secretary of State of the Navy, notably for operations in French Canada. The "Compagnies de la Mer" were transformed in line infantry regiments by Napoleon, but became once more marine forces in 1822 (for the artillery) and 1831 (for the infantry). These "Troupes de marines" were in the 19th century the main overseas and colonial forces of the French military. In 1900 they were put under the orders of the War Ministry and took the name of "Troupes Coloniales" (Colonial Forces). In 1958 the designation of "Troupes Coloniales" was changed to "Troupes d'Outre-Mer" (Overseas Forces) but in 1961 it reverted to the original "Troupes de marine". Throughout these changes in title these troops continued to be part of the French Army.
Gran Colombia.
The Confederation of Gran Colombia Marines were formed in 1822 and were disbanded in 1829, Personnel were mostly from Venezuela.
Italy.
The Blackshirt militia maintained an independent "Marine Group" with four MVSN battalions (24th, 25th, 50th and 60th).
Japan.
During feudal Japan the Japanese also used Ashigaru soldier or regular Yumi archer as soldier to protect ships from pirates.
Both the Imperial Japanese Navy and Imperial Japanese Army maintained marine-type units. Both were dissolved at the end of World War II and Japan does not currently have marines as such.
The Netherlands.
The Corps was founded on 10 December 1665 during the Second Anglo-Dutch War by the unofficial leader of the republic Johan de Witt and Admiral Michiel de Ruyter as the Regiment de Marine. Its leader was Willem Joseph Baron van Ghent. The Dutch had successfully used ordinary soldiers in ships at sea in the First Anglo-Dutch War. It was the fifth European marine unit formed, being preceded by the Spanish Marines (1537), the Portuguese Marines (1610), the French Marines (1622) and the English Royal Marines (1664). Like Britain, the Netherlands has had several periods when its Marines were disbanded. The Netherlands itself was under French occupation or control from 1810 until 1813. A new marine unit was raised on 20 March 1801 during the time of the Batavian Republic and on 14 August 1806 the Korps Koninklijke Grenadiers van de Marine was raised under King Louis Bonaparte. The modern Korps Mariniers dates from 1814, receiving its current name in 1817.
The battle honors on the Korps Mariniers' colors are: Raid on the Medway (1667), Kijkduin (1673), Sennefe (1674), Spain, Dogger Bank (1781), West Indies, Algiers (1816), Atjeh, Bali, Rotterdam (1940), Java Sea (1942), Java and Madoera (1947–1948), New Guinea (1962) and Cambodia (1992-1993).
Ottoman Empire.
The role of Ottoman naval infantry originated in Orhan's conquest of the Karasi Beylik and the capture of its fleet. From then on Janissaries and Azaps were sometimes deployed as marines during the 14th Century. The Deniz azaps were used during the 16th Century; while troops called Levend (Bahriyeli) were raised on and off over the centuries - over 50,000 of them by the late 18th century. The last raised units were the "Ta'ifat al Ru'sa" (corsair captains militia) recruited from among the North African Arabs and indigenous Berbers. Ottoman marines were part of the Ottoman navy.
Portuguese Empire.
Portugal raised numerous companies of Special Marines ("Fuzileiros Especiais") and African Special Marines ("Fuzileiros Especiais Africanos"), both at home and in the African colonies of Guinea-Bissau, Angola and Mozambique, for service in Africa during the Portuguese Colonial Wars. The African Special Marines were all-black units.
Russian Empire.
The Imperial Russian Navy used several regiments of marine equipage troops that fought as much on land as they served in ship detachments. One battalion was formed within the Guard, and served on the Imperial family's ships.
Soviet Union.
The Soviet Navy had a number of small battalion-sized naval infantry and coastal defence units that mostly served in the ports and bases before the Second World War. During the war, and building on the visuals of the mutinied sailors of Petrograd in 1917, the Stavka ordered formation of naval infantry brigades from the surplus to either ship or shore duty sailors, and forty brigades served in mostly ground troops roles until 1944 when they were used for amphibious operations in Norway and along the Black Sea coast.
South Africa.
The South Africa Marine Corps was set up as a sub-branch of the South African Navy in 1979, with the primary purpose of protecting harbours. The Marines were disbanded in 1989, following a major restructuring of the Navy at the end of the South African Border War.
Vietnam.
Vietnamese dynasties had a long tradition of utilizing marines. This tradition went back no later than the Annam Protectorate of Tang dynasty when the governors built boats and trained marines to fight off pirates and invaders. The successive Vietnamese dynasties made full use of their marines' superiority at river and sea to launch successful campaigns against their northward and southward neighbours alike.
The forerunner of the Republic of Vietnam Marine Corps (VNMC) was established by Ngo Dinh Diem, then prime minister of what was then the State of Vietnam on October 13, 1954. The Republic of Vietnam was established in October 1955 after Diem used a fraudulent referendum to topple Bao Dai. The VNMC became defunct on 1 May 1975 after the fall of Saigon.
Yugoslavia.
The 12th Naval Infantry Brigade ("Mornaricka Pesadijska Brigada") of the Yugoslavian Navy consisted of 900 to 2,000 men in three battalions. A multi-ethnic unit, the brigade was broken up during the dissolution of the Yugoslav federation and saw little action.

</doc>
<doc id="2933922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933922" title="Bathurst, Eastern Cape">
Bathurst, Eastern Cape

Bathurst is about 12 kilometers inland from Port Alfred, on the R67, in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa. Its chief claim to fame is that it was the early administrative centre established by the British Government for the 1820 British Settlers who were sent to the district as a buffer between the Cape Colony and the Xhosa pastoralists who were migrating southwards and westwards along the coast. Bathurst is now part of the Ndlambe Local Municipality in the Cacadu District of the Eastern Cape.
Overview.
Many of the original settler houses and other buildings have been preserved, and there remains much of the look and feel of an English village of the early 19th Century. The "Pig and Whistle Inn", at the heart of the village, is reputedly the oldest existent pub in the country. Built in 1821 by Thomas Hartley, a blacksmith who came from Nottinghamshire with the Settlers. Later accommodation was added and it became known as the Bathurst Inn. Legend has it that it was nicknamed "The Pig & Whistle" by the men at the nearby 43 Air School in WWII.
While time has moved slowly in Bathurst, there is an increasing population of artists, academics (Rhodes University is only 40 km away), and retirees who have chosen to live in this tranquil environment.
below are a list of attractions and places of interest in Bathurst:
Bathurst neighbors the Waters Meeting Nature Reserve, home to many species of animals, bird and plants. The reserve offers hiking trails, picnic spots and a remarkable viewpoint of the river and valley. The surrounding area hosts pineapple farms, game reserves and cattle and sheep ranches. It is a 10 minute drive to the beach town of Port Alfred and 45 minutes from the cultural mecca of Grahamstown.
The Horseshoe Bend and Water's Meeting Reserve: There is an outstanding view of bush covered valleys where the Kowie River loops in a horse shoe. Another 3 km down a steep winding road you can picnic and relax under the trees at the waters edge. Canoe trails and scenic hikes available.
Bradshaw's Mill: Built by the Settler, Samuel Bradshaw in 1821, this water-driven wool mill contains a working water wheel. By 1825 wool from the Settlers sheep was being used to make coarse cloth. In 1835 the 3rd storey was added and corn milling began. It is now restored and is a provincial heritage site.
Wesleyan Chapel: Built by Samuel Bradshaw and opened in 1832, it was besieged in the Frontier Wars. Houses Jeremiah Goldswain's Family Bible. Services still held every Sunday. It is a provincial heritage site and epitomizes many of the other Wesleyan churches in the rural areas
St John's Anglican Church : Oldest unaltered Anglican church in South Africa. A sanctuary in the Frontier Wars of 1834, 1846 and 1851 for hundreds of Settlers. 1st service held on 1 January 1838. Look for the "church mouse" on the west wall!!
Bathurst Agricultural Museum: Discover how the past has influenced the future! Over 1400 items of interest
The Toposcope: This marks the spot where the 1820 British Settlers locations were surveyed. 57 bronze plaques record details of settlements. On a clear day you can see from The Great Fish River to Kwaaihoek. The stones in the wall are taken from ruins of original Settler homes.
Artificial Pineapple.
The largest Artificial Pineapple in the world can be found here. It’s the locals way of paying homage to this prickly fruit that grows so well in the area, and tourists just love the idea of climbing inside an enormous pineapple. 
The locals will tell you that the largest pineapple in the world is found in Bathurst in the Eastern Cape, and certainly no-one can argue that this 16,7m-high attraction doesn't dominate the landscape for miles!

</doc>
<doc id="2933930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933930" title="Brett Dallas">
Brett Dallas

Brett Dallas (born 18 October 1974) is an Australian former rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s. An Australian international and Queensland State of Origin representative winger, his club career included stints with both Canterbury and North Sydney in Australia's domestic competition, and the Wigan Warriors in Europe's Super League competition. He was notable for his great speed, winning the Sydney rugby league sprint in 1993.
Australia.
Dallas began his career at the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs in 1992, and was at the club until 1995 when he transferred to North Sydney. There he made 76 appearances, scoring 46 tries. He left North Sydney to join Wigan when the Bears merged with local rivals Manly-Warringah to form the short-lived Northern Eagles.
Dallas made 10 appearances for Queensland in State of Origin (1993–1997). He made his international debut for Australia against New Zealand in 1995, scoring two tries. In total he made six Test appearances, including four matches in the World Cup (which Australia won) and has scored nine tries. His most recent Test appearance was in 1997.
England.
Dallas made his Wigan debut against Salford in a pre-season friendly. He had to wait until the fourth round of the Challenge Cup to score his first try for the club in a 98-4 victory over Whitehaven Warriors. 
Dallas was out of action for 10 weeks in 2000 after sustaining a broken jaw sustained in an away victory against Bradford Bulls. At the time he was Wigan's leading try-scorer with 17. He made a try-scoring return to first team action in the last match of the regular season at St Helens, in a 42-4 victory that secured Wigan the 2000 Minor Premiership. He finished the season with a total of 20 tries behind only fellow Aussie Steve Renouf and Kris Radlinski. Dallas played for the Wigan Warriors on the wing in their 2000 Super League Grand Final loss against St Helens RLFC.
Dallas played for the Wigan Warriors on the wing in their 2001 Super League Grand Final loss against the Bradford Bulls.
Dallas again missed the end of the 2002 Super League season with a knee injury requiring a full reconstruction operation in Australia. Whilst he was at home with his family he took the opportunity to get married. 
He returned to the club in 2003 but again succumbed to a hamstring injury, and was linked with Australian club Cronulla Sharks. However, Dallas was determined to win back his place in the Wigan side and declined the deal. His decision was fully justified, as he returned to form in the latter half of the season and played for the Wigan Warriors on the wing in the 2003 Super League Grand Final which was lost to the Bradford Bulls. In the process however he'd earned a new contract. Dallas' good form continued into 2004, earning himself a new two-year contract which makes him one of the club's longest serving overseas players.
Dallas played his final game in Wigan colours on 15 September 2006 against Hull F.C.Hull after 14 years in rugby league which included a Rugby League Challenge Cup win with the Wigan Warriors in 2002. Dallas wanted to score a try in his final game for Wigan but was unable to do, so instead took the final conversion kick at goal. His kick, however, just missed. At the end of the game, his final act in Wigan colours was to leave his boots in the centre of the field as he was applauded by Wigan spectators all over the stadium. It was regarded as a fitting tribute to the supporters of Dallas over the years and an emotional final night of action from the flying Aussie winger. There were rumours that Dallas would return to Australia to play in the NRL but, in a speech to the Wigan fans after his final game, he said that he has no plans for the near future apart from enjoying his retirement.

</doc>
<doc id="2933932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933932" title="Aguanish Water Aerodrome">
Aguanish Water Aerodrome

Aguanish Water Aerodrome is located west northwest of Aguanish, Quebec, Canada on the Aguanus River.

</doc>
<doc id="2933933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933933" title="Akulivik Airport">
Akulivik Airport

Akulivik Airport is located southwest of Akulivik, Quebec, Canada.
The town is located on the Western or Hudson Bay side of the Ungava Peninsula.

</doc>
<doc id="2933935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933935" title="Alma Airport">
Alma Airport

Alma Airport is located south of Alma, Quebec, Canada. It mainly offers private flights, but it also has storage for private jets. Other services provided by Alma Airport are refuelling of Jet A type services, service of charters of helicopters and helicopter maintenance, service of refuelling of 100 LL type by Aviatech Products, air ambulance of the Quebec Government services, road maintenance, free parking next to the airport, and private terminals.
Airlines and destinations.
The companies that operate in and from Alma Airport are UAS CE, Panorama Helicopters, Aviatech Products, and Horizon Parachute.

</doc>
<doc id="2933936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933936" title="Alma (Rivière La Grande Décharge) Water Aerodrome">
Alma (Rivière La Grande Décharge) Water Aerodrome

Alma (Rivière La Grande Décharge) Water Aerodrome is located northeast of Alma, Quebec, Canada and is open from the middle of April to the middle of November.
For limited VFR advisory services, contact Bagotville terminal control 121.2 MHz.

</doc>
<doc id="2933938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933938" title="Amos (Lac Figuery) Water Aerodrome">
Amos (Lac Figuery) Water Aerodrome

Amos (Lac Figuery) Water Aerodrome is located south of Amos, Quebec, Canada and is open from May until November.

</doc>
<doc id="2933940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933940" title="Amos/Magny Airport">
Amos/Magny Airport

Amos/Magny Airport is located west of Amos, Quebec, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2933945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933945" title="Fukaura Station">
Fukaura Station

History.
Fukaura Station was opened on December 13, 1934 as a station on the Japan National Railways (JNR). With the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987, it came under the operational control of JR East.
Station layout.
Fukaura Station has a single island platform serving two tracks. The station is attended during normal daytime working hours, and has a “Green Window” service counter.

</doc>
<doc id="2933950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933950" title="AKV">
AKV

AKV may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2933956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933956" title="Agglutination (biology)">
Agglutination (biology)

Agglutination is the clumping of particles. The word "agglutination" comes from the Latin "agglutinare", meaning "to glue."
This occurs in biology in three main examples:
Agglutination in hematology.
Hemagglutination.
Hemagglutination is the process by which red blood cells agglutinate. The agglutin involved in hemagglutination is called hemagglutinin.
In cross-matching, agglutination occurring when donor red blood cells and recipient's serum or plasma are incubated together indicates that the donor and recipient blood types are incompatible.
Leukoagglutination.
Leukoagglutination is when the particles involved are white blood cells.
An example is the PH-L form of phytohaemagglutinin.
Agglutination in microbiology.
Agglutination is commonly used as a method of identifying specific bacterial antigens, and in turn, the identity of such bacteria. Because the clumping reaction occurs quickly and is easy to produce, agglutination is an important technique in diagnosis.
History of discoveries.
Two bacteriologists, Herbert Edward Durham (-1945) and Max von Gruber (1853–1927), discovered specific agglutination in 1896. The clumping became known as Gruber-Durham reaction. Gruber introduced the term agglutinin (from the Latin) for any substance that caused agglutination of cells. 
French physician Fernand Widal (1862–1929) put Gruber and Durham's discovery to practical use later in 1896, using the reaction as the basis for a test for typhoid fever. Widal found that blood serum from a typhoid carrier caused a culture of typhoid bacteria to clump, whereas serum from a typhoid-free person did not. This Widal test was the first example of serum diagnosis.
Austrian physician Karl Landsteiner found another important practical application of the agglutination reaction in 1900. Landsteiner's agglutination tests and his discovery of ABO blood groups was the start of the science of blood transfusion and serology which has made transfusion possible and safer.

</doc>
<doc id="2933976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933976" title="Tony Puletua">
Tony Puletua

Anthony (Tony) Puletua (born 25 June 1979 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a New Zealand professional rugby league footballer for St. Helens in the European Super League. A New Zealand and Samoan international, Puletua previously played for the Penrith Panthers in the National Rugby League competition. He primarily plays in the second row.
Penrith Panthers.
Puletua made his debut for the Penrith Panthers in 1997 and played at second row in the Panthers team which defeated the Sydney Roosters in the 2003 NRL Grand final. As 2003 NRL premiers, the Panthers travelled to England to face Super League VIII champions, the Bradford Bulls in the 2004 World Club Challenge. Puletua played at second-row forward in the Panthers' 22-4 loss. He was captain of the team from January, 2006. Puletua's brother, Frank, also played for the Penrith Panthers, retiring from professional rugby league on April 2011.
St Helens.
Puletua joined St. Helens at the end of the 2008 season on a three-year deal. Puletua was contracted to the Panthers until the end of the 2009 season. He was also a target for the St. George Illawarra Dragons.
Salford Red Devils.
It was announced that Puletua will join the Salford Red Devils for the 2014 season.
Representative football.
Puletua represented the New Zealand national team on 22 occasions since 1998, including the 2000 World Cup. His last selection was for New Zealand against Australia in the ANZAC Test on the 20 April 2007 as a replacement for the injured David Kidwell. 
Puletua was named in the Samoa squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup and played in three matches. In 2009 he was named as part of the Samoan side for the Pacific Cup.
Puletua was called up to the Samoan squad as an injury replacement during the 2013 World Cup.
Rugby League International Origin Match.
Tony Puletua was selected for the Exiles squad for the Rugby League International Origin Match against England at Headingley on 10 
June 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="2933977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933977" title="Martin Aspinwall">
Martin Aspinwall

Martin Aspinwall (born 21 October 1981) is an English rugby league player who played in the Super League for Wigan, Huddersfield, Castleford and Hull.
Career.
Born in Wigan, Aspinwall started his career with hometown club Wigan as a top junior and was the first player to be signed onto their now pioneering scholarship scheme that was set up by Brian Foley and Dean Bell. On 8 July 2001, he made his debut against Huddersfield at 19 years old and made six further substitute appearances in the same season. The 2002 Super League season proved to be a break-through year for him, as several injuries in the backs left the way open for him to establish himself in the first team. He played in at centre and wing in during Wigan’s league run-in and during the playoff series. Before the St. Helens Final Elimination clash, Aspinwall commented, “My goal at the beginning of the season was to get eight to ten games, maybe come off the bench, but because of the injury crisis that we’ve had, especially in the backs, I’ve found myself in the Semis now and one game away from a Grand Final.”
Coach Stuart Raper played Aspinwall alongside several other up and coming youngsters during the 2002 season. “It’s quite exciting for me to be able to play these guys,” said Raper. “The Aspinwalls and Briscoes are at the bit to get on that paddock. Aspinwall continued his good form for the club and, in July 2003, signed a new two-year contract with the club, turning down strong interest from Warrington.
Aspinwall was selected for the England A squad to face New Zealand at Brentford in November 2002 but had to withdraw due to a viral illness. In 2003, he played and scored a try for England A in a 22–26 defeat against Australia, and made a further two appearances against Wales and France in the 2003 European Nations Cup. He was also picked to represent Lancashire in the 2003 Origin match.
Aspinwall became a first team regular in the next two years, and played for Wigan at centre in the 2003 Super League Grand Final which was lost to Bradford. 
At the end of his contract, which ran out in October 2005, Wigan allowed Martin to become a free-agent. He had made 107 competitive appearances for Wigan, scoring 24 tries. He quickly signed for Super League rivals Huddersfield, where he played in the 2006 Challenge Cup Final defeat to St. Helens at Twickenham. He was also Giants top try scorer in his first season with 15.
In October 2006, Aspinwall was named in the 25-man Great Britain Tri-Nations squad to tour Australia and New Zealand. His 2007 season was cut short in July when he suffered an horrific cruciate knee injury against Warrington, ruling him potentially 12 months on the sidelines.
However he made a very speedy recovery and has been named in the England training squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup.
Aspinwall was not offered an extension to his contract beyond the end of 2010, and linked up with Super League side Castleford. In June 2011, Aspinwall was jailed for four months for dangerous driving. After serving his sentence, he moved to Hull for the 2012 season, and played 27 games for the club before signing a one year contract with Leigh at the end of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="2933988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933988" title="David Vaealiki">
David Vaealiki

David Ioane Vaealiki (born 13 November 1980) is a rugby union player currently playing for SC Albi. He has represented New Zealand in rugby league and previously played in the National Rugby League in Australia and in Super League in England. His main playing position is at centre.
Early years and Parramatta.
A product of New Zealand junior side Sydenham, David Vaealiki attended Linwood High School and became Canterbury's youngest ever representative when he made his debut for the province aged just 17 years and 199 days in a match against the West Coast. He then signed for the Parramatta Eels and made his first grade debut in 1999. He went on to play for Parramatta at centre in their 2001 NRL Grand Final loss to the Newcastle Knights. Vaealiki scored the fastest hat-trick in the NRL versus Penrith 17 March 2002. In 2004, David's season was cut short by an Achilles tendon injury, he played only eight games.
Wigan Warriors career.
He signed a 3-year contract with Wigan in July 2004. He joined the club for the 2005 Super League and his first appearance for Wigan on 30 January 2005 in a pre season friendly against London Broncos after starting the match from the bench. He made his first start for Wigan in their 15–4 win over Salford City Reds in the Super League his last game was the semi finals versus Leeds Rhinos in October 2007.
Manly.
David Vaealiki was expected to join Harlequins RL when his Wigan contract expired at the end of 2007's Super League XII and it was not known if he was offered a new contract. In September 2007 he was linked with a move to French Rugby Union side Sporting Club Albigeois.
Instead Vaealiki joined the Manly Sea Eagles on a one-year deal and played two games for the club in early 2008.
French rugby union.
Vaealiki was released by Manly after round 7 of the NRL to enable him to take up the offer of a two-year contract with Top 14 French rugby union club, SC Albi.
International career.
Vaealiki earned international selection for the Junior Kiwis in 1998 and played for New Zealand between 2000 and 2003, including the World Cup in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="2933997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933997" title="Brian Carney (rugby)">
Brian Carney (rugby)

Brian Carney (born 23 July 1976) is an Irish professional rugby league commentator and former dual-code rugby international player. He most recently played rugby league for the Warrington Wolves, but during his career has played for Super League clubs Gateshead Thunder, Hull and Wigan Warriors, as well as National Rugby League club, Newcastle Knights. Carney crossed codes to play rugby union for Munster, from 2007 to 2009. He earned caps for international representation, for Ireland in both rugby league and rugby union, and also Great Britain in rugby league. He also played Gaelic football as a junior.
Carney will be one of the presenters for Sky's new coverage of GAA starting in June 2014. 
Early life.
Carney played Gaelic football for Valleymount GAA and won a junior championship medal in 1998 with the club. He also played rugby union at Clongowes Wood College and Lansdowne R.F.C. His first rugby league experience came with Irish amateurs Dublin Blues.
Rugby league.
Carney first made an impression on the rugby league scene playing for the Irish Students side in a home international tournament in 1998. His impressive form led to a number of Super League clubs vying for his talents and he opted to sign with Gateshead Thunder.
Super League.
Carney played for Gateshead in the 1999 season and moved with them to Hull after the clubs merged in 2000.
Carney moved to Wigan Warriors in England at the end of the 2000 Super League season. He had come to the attention of the Wigan board – who were very impressed with him – when he scored a try against Wigan in Gateshead's Super League on the Road victory at Tynecastle. Future Wigan scrum-half Willie Peters, also shone in the same match. Since making the professional ranks, Carney, who is a qualified lawyer, has been a regular in the senior colours of Ireland and featured heavily in the Lincoln Financial World Cup of 2000. Carney played for the Wigan Warriors on the wing in their 2001 Super League Grand Final loss against the Bradford Bulls.
Carney signed a new three-year contract with Wigan in May 2003, ending speculation that had been linking him with a move to Irish rugby union. After signing the deal, Carney commented: "I love it here at Wigan. I never wanted to play for any other club. "I just want to get better and better each week and keep my place in the first team. The spirit and friendship at this club is brilliant and I need to be part of it." His arrival at Wigan was initially hampered by injury but when he did break into the team, he was impressive. Carney played for the Wigan Warriors on the wing in the 2003 Super League Grand Final which was lost to the Bradford Bulls. He'd forced himself into the Great Britain team for the 2003 Ashes series. Carney made his GB debut in the First Test played at the JJB Stadium, becoming the first Irishman to play for Great Britain since Tom McKinney in 1957. In that match Carney scored two tried and was later named Great Britain's player of the series. Carney was selected for the 2003 Origin match after opting to play for Lancashire. He was also included in the 2003 Super League 'Dream Team' and the 2003 Rugby League World magazine World XIII, and voted BBC North West's Rugby League Player of the Year in the same season.
Despite a hamstring injury restricting his club appearances, Carney was selected in the Great Britain team to compete in the end of season 2004 Rugby League Tri-Nations tournament. In the final against Australia he played on the wing in the Lions' 44–4 loss.
National rugby League.
In June 2005 Carney agreed to join new National Rugby League franchise, Australia's Gold Coast Titans at the end of his Wigan contract. Upon signing the deal, Gold Coast managing director Michael Searle told NRL's official website, www.nrl.com: "The guy genuinely wanted to come here. He wants to challenge himself in the National Rugby League".
Carney was to remain at the Warriors for the 2006 season, but a month later he agreed a release from the final year of his Wigan contract to play in the NRL with the Newcastle Knights. At the time Carney commented: "I'm very grateful to Wigan, they didn't have to do it (release him from his contract) but I explained my desire to get there because I feel time is running out." Carney scored 16 tries in 26 games for the Knights, including guiding his team to a 22–12 win over the Canberra Raiders with a hat-trick of tries. After the game Carney expressed no desire to remain with the Knights, choosing to honour his contract with the Gold Coast Titans. However on 16 January 2007 he announced his retirement from all forms of rugby after only participating in one training session with the Titans, indicating that he wished to finish his legal studies and spend more time with his family.
Rugby union.
On Thursday 15 March 2007, BBC Sport reported that Carney had signed for Munster switching to rugby union, with speculation rife that he would be fast-tracked onto Ireland's tour of Argentina in summer 2007. Because he had walked out on his contract with the Gold Coast Titans, Munster had to pay compensation to the Australian club to secure Carney's registration. Carney made his début for Munster away to Ulster at Ravenhill, on 23 March 2007, scoring a try in the 76th minute. He scored his second try in two matches in an away defeat by the Ospreys on 7 April. In April 2007, Carney was named in the Ireland squad for their tour of Argentina. In the first test, his international debut, he scored an interception try minutes into the game. Carney was selected in the Irish squad for the 2007 Rugby Union World Cup. However, he did not make an appearance at the tournament.
Carney made a try scoring debut for the Barbarians against the Scarlets on 31 January 2009. He participated in the Dubai World Cup Sevens as part of a 12-man Irish squad, finishing up as joint top Irish try scorer with 3 tries. Though in a tough pool stage including Samoa, Australia and Portugal, they did manage to defeat Australia 24–21, with Carney getting a try. He scored 2 more tries in the Bowl Semi-final win over Hong Kong. They went on to lose 14–17 to Zimbabwe in the Bowl Final for an overall ranking of 10th, but by beating Australia showed that Ireland have the class to compete with the best.
Return to rugby league.
On 2 June 2009, the Warrington Wolves announced that they had signed Carney for the remainder of 2009's Super League XIV. The move was Carney's fifth signing to a rugby league team in his playing career, at the age of 32. On 2 June 2009 edition of the Sky Sports rugby league magazine show, "Boots N' All", Carney vehemently denied that a return to rugby league would lead to a subsequent career with the English national team, in favour of his own native team. Carney provided commentary for Sky Sport's coverage of the 2009 Super League Grand Final and the 2009 Gillette Four Nations tournament. He finished his career at Warrington at the end of 2009 and regularly appears on SKY Sports.

</doc>
<doc id="2934000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934000" title="Ajigasawa Station">
Ajigasawa Station

History.
Ajigasawa Station was opened on May 15, 1925 as a station on the Japanese Government Railways (JGR). With the privatization of the Japanese National Railways (successor of JGR) on April 1, 1987, it came under the operational control of JR East. A new station building was completed in 1991. From April 1, 2003, it has been a "kan'i itaku" station, administered by Goshogawara Station, and operated by Ajigasawa municipal authority, with point-of-sales terminal installed.
Station layout.
Ajigasawa Station has dual opposed side platforms. The station building is attended and has a Green Window service counter.

</doc>
<doc id="2934002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934002" title="Opposite Sex (TV series)">
Opposite Sex (TV series)

Opposite Sex is an American comedy-drama series that aired during FOX's summer 2000 schedule. The series was one of the first teen dramas to primarily use independent artists on its soundtrack by such acts as Elliott Smith and Ben Lee.
Synopsis.
The series chronicles the life of Jed Perry (Milo Ventimiglia), a 15-year-old boy who moves to Northern California along with his father shortly after the death of his mother. After enrolling at the prestigious Evergreen Academy, Jed finds out the school was formerly for girls that recently became co-ed. Along with Jed, two other boys attended the school; Philip Steffan (Kyle Howard) and Cary Baston (Chris Evans). The boys run into problems when the girls of the school are resistant to the changes and make it clear that their presence is unwanted.
It was initially shot in 1999 for the 1999–2000 season, but for various reasons the series was delayed until Summer 2000. The series lasted eight episodes before being canceled. It is unknown if anything from episodes 9–13 was filmed or completed.
Reception.
Carole Horst of "Variety" wrote of the series, "Clever concept, sleek production values, a nice cast and thoughtful writing (for a teen show) add up to the enjoyable "Opposite Sex"". In concluding her review she stated, "Despite all the good things in this gentle comedy-drama, it's hard to say who the series is aimed at: It's not intellectual enough for ""Freaks"" fans and too grounded for the WB crowd. Young auds will have to seek it out. And therein lies the rub." Barry Garron of "The Hollywood Reporter" described "Opposite Sex" as a "far-fetched, overly earnest teen-oriented show" that "never manages to overcome its contrived premise and establish real emotional connections." He went on to say that ""My So-Called Life" and "Freaks & Geeks" have raised the bar for teen drama by providing keen insight into the awkwardness of adolescence" and that while not on the same level this series is "not nearly as cartoonish" as "Saved By The Bell". Joel Brown, a "New York Times" syndicated columnist published in "The Spokesman-Review" found that "Ventimiglia conveys Jed's frustration well" but that "bad TV cliches overwhelm this show's mild promise." "The Modesto Bee's" TV critic, Kevin McDonough, describes the series as "hardly the worst teen show of the year." He continues by stating that "it lacks the soft-core exploitation that permeates "Young Americans"."

</doc>
<doc id="2934005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934005" title="Danny Orr">
Danny Orr

Danny Orr (born 17 May 1978 in Castleford, West Yorkshire), is an English former rugby league footballer for Castleford in the European Super League. A Great Britain international representative stand-off or scrum half, Orr previously played for Harlequins RL and Wigan. Orr is the current interim Castleford Tigers head coach.
Danny Orr played much of his rugby career for Castleford Tigers, making it into the 2002 Super League Dream Team, before leaving in 2003 to join Wigan Warriors. During this period, he gained many representative honours. In 1997, he was a member of the Great Britain Academy side coached by Mike Gregory, an acquaintance he was to re-establish after joining Wigan. He has gained senior representative experience as well, captaining Yorkshire to victory in the 2003 Origin match. He has played for England and also for Great Britain in the 2002 series against New Zealand.
Danny decided to leave Castleford Tigers at the end of the 2003 Super League season, signing a 4 year deal with Wigan. His last game for the club was against Wigan in the final league match of the 2003 season. He said that the decision was "exceptionally difficult" but added: "I wish to make a totally clean break from Castleford and move with my family to the most famous and successful rugby league club in the world."
Wigan coach of the time Stuart Raper commented: "Danny is a very good all round player who will be an asset to any side and I am pleased that he has chosen Wigan. He will blend very well into our line-up."
Despite some good performances towards the end of the 2006 season Wigan decided to allow Orr to leave Wigan, some reports suggested Orr did not want to leave Wigan but he was sold to Harlequins Rugby League on 12 October 2006. Orr signed a three-year deal with the Harlequins starting in 2007 and will be replaced at Wigan by Trent Barrett.
Danny Orr will rejoin his hometown club Castleford Tigers from 2011 after signing a one-year deal. In July 2011, he signed a one year extension to his deal, keeping him at his homewtown club for the 2012 season.
Danny Orr announced on Thursday 26 July 2012 that he would retire at the end of the Super League season to take up an Assistant Coaches job with Castleford Tigers, thus ending his 16 year professional career.

</doc>
<doc id="2934006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934006" title="Balwyn High School">
Balwyn High School

Balwyn High School is a state-run high school (years 7-12) in the Melbourne suburb of Balwyn North, in Victoria, Australia. It was established in 1954. As of February 2013, it had 1948 students, making it the fourth largest secondary school in Victoria.
The postwar student population expanded. The school assembly hall was built with assistance from parents and is named after a former principal, Archibald M. Rogers. Managing the large class sizes of the era, the school developed a strong science education at senior levels that saw many of its graduates pass into senior academic, government and private sector positions.
The school buildings were redeveloped in 1994 after merging with Greythorn High School. Since 1996 the school has operated an International Students Program.
Academic achievements.
In 2006 the median ENTER (precursor and equivalent to the current ATAR) was 85.70, 40.06% achieved an ENTER at or above 90 and 5.07% achieved an ENTER at or above 99. In 2004, 55 students attained ENTER scores in excess of 97 and the median ENTER was 86.95.
Extracurricular program.
The school runs co-curricular programmes, including music, sport, debating, cheerleading and community programs. Its music programme, which comprises many string orchestras, includes Beginner Strings (Novice), Junior Strings (Junior), Newitt Strings (Intermediate) and Senior Strings (Advanced), concert bands, choirs, stage bands, a full symphony orchestra, a smaller chamber orchestra and many other privately formed smaller groups.
Its chess teams have consistently reached state level competitions, while the school's cheerleading squad, the Skyraiders, earned two gold medals in Pom and Stunt and finished second (Level 2 Cheerleading/Scholastic) at the 2007 National Cheerleading Championships.
Sport.
Balwyn High School has a sports faculty, with many interschool sport teams representing the school in numerous sports, some at elite levels, like many other schools around Victoria.
International Students Program.
Balwyn High School runs an 'International Students Program'. In 2007, there were 107 international students at Balwyn High School, who pay $11,800 per year, compared with the local students' voluntary school fees of around $900 per year. Balwyn earned 1.2 million from those international students in 2007. Victoria's Education minister Bronwyn Pike denied that it was a "money-making scheme for schools", though Australian Education Union state president Mary Bluett said, "Certainly this has become a financial incentive for schools."
Other.
The school has four houses - Churchill, Strathmore, Windsor and Edinburgh. It also recently introduced a "Safe School Policy" against cyber-bullying. In 2009, the Victorian Budget 2009-2010 has allowed the school to commence "Stage 3" building project which will include art facilities and the replacement of two old blocks. The state government allocated $11.2 million for "school modernisation" of the facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="2934012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934012" title="Iurie Platon">
Iurie Platon

Iurie Platon (born July 14, 1963, near Orhei) is a Moldovan painter and sculptor.
Biography.
He was educated at the "Igor Vieru" National Arts School in Chişinău and the Arts Academy in Tallinn, Estonia. He began painting in 1982 and his first solo exhibition was in 1992 in Santiago de Compostela, Spain.
Many of Platon's paintings are displayed at , the Centre for Contemporary Art in Chişinău.

</doc>
<doc id="2934014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934014" title="Leo Frankowski">
Leo Frankowski

Leo Frankowski (February 13, 1943 – December 25, 2008) was an American writer of science fiction novels.
Life.
Frankowski was born in Detroit, Michigan to parents of Polish descent. Prior to his writing career, he was a successful engineer. He owned and operated Sterling Manufacturing and Design, located in Utica, Michigan, which (among other things) designed pneumatic and hydraulic systems for Chrysler. Leo held multiple patents, including his most popular item, Formital, a stamped aluminum product for use as a base for plastic auto body filler. Formital was carried exclusively for many years by the Pep Boys chain of auto parts stores.
Frankowski lived in Russia for four years with his wife and adopted teenage daughter, but at the time of his death, he had separated from them and had moved back to the United States. He died in Lake Elsinore, California.
Writings.
Though he had tinkered with short science fiction for several years, Leo's writing career began in earnest in the early 1980s when he was invited to join what became the National Science Fiction Writer's Exchange, a now-defunct Detroit-area group founded by Guy Snyder, and whose membership included Lloyd Biggle, Ted Reynolds and future published author Ann Tonsor Zeddies. Members read manuscripts aloud, which were then critiqued; from the beginning, Leo's stories related to time travel were well received by the membership. Most of these meetings were audio-taped, and those tapes were retained by Snyder.
Encouraged by the positive responses, Leo quickly wrote his first novel, initially titled "The Polish Engineer". The book landed at Del Rey Books, and the publisher offered him a multi-book contract. Retitled "The Cross Time Engineer", it became the first book in his Conrad Stargard series, in which his Polish background is particularly evident.
Two other series were written partially in collaboration with Dave Grossman; alone, he also wrote the stand-alone novels "Fata Morgana" and "Copernick's Rebellion".
Frankowski's most recent work again featured Conrad Stargard. He wrote "Lord Conrad's Crusade" in collaboration with Rodger Olsen, which his then-publisher Baen rejected 'for "bad writing" (an explanation Frankowski doubted). Baen also terminated its contracts for other upcoming titles. Frankowski published the novel himself, and promised another Stargard book which would conclude the series. His death apparently precluded completion of this volume.
Political views.
According to the author, most of his fans consist of "males with military and technical backgrounds," while he likewise claimed his detractors consist of "feminists, liberals, and homosexuals." Frankowski admitted that anyone who self-identifies with the latter categories would be unlikely to enjoy his fiction.
In the preface to the 1990 "Lord Conrad's Lady", Frankowski included a facetious remark: "Any overt sexism and male chauvinism noticed in this work is totally the fault of Bill Gillmore, and all complaints should be addressed to him at the Dawn Treader Bookshop of Ann Arbor, Mich."
Bibliography.
"Conrad Stargard" series.
In the "Conrad Stargard" series, a twentieth-century Polish engineer travels back in time to thirteenth-century Poland, where he introduces modern technology, defeats and annihilates historic enemies of Poland and makes Poland the dominant European power for centuries to come. It consists of the following books. "Rubber" and "Time Machine" feature the same setting and some of the same characters, but are not 'main sequence' books.
Two omnibus editions of this series have been published by Baen Books:
Two-Space.
This series was continued by Grossman in collaboration with Bob Hudson with "The Guns of Two-Space" (2007)
External links.
Any reference to leofrankowski.com is broken.

</doc>
<doc id="2934015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934015" title="Hemagglutination">
Hemagglutination

Hemagglutination, or haemagglutination, is a specific form of agglutination that involves red blood cells (RBCs). It has two common uses in the laboratory: blood typing and the quantification of virus dilutions.
Blood typing.
Blood type can be determined by using antibodies that bind to the A or B blood group in a sample of blood.
For example, if antibodies that bind the A blood group are added and agglutination occurs, the blood is either type A or type AB. To determine between type A or type AB, antibodies that bind the B group are added and if agglutination does not occur, the blood is type A.
In blood grouping, the patient's serum is tested against RBCs of known blood groups and also the patient's RBCs are tested against known serum types. In this way the patient's blood group is confirmed from both RBCs and serum. A direct Coombs test is also done on the patient's blood sample in case there are any confounding antibodies.
Viral hemagglutination assay.
Many viruses attach to molecules present on the surface of RBCs. A consequence of this is that at certain concentrations, a viral suspension may bind together (agglutinate) the RBCs, thus preventing them from settling out of suspension. Since agglutination is rarely linked to infectivity, attenuated viruses can therefore be used in assays.
By serially diluting a virus suspension into an assay tray (a series of wells of uniform volume) and adding a standard amount of blood cells, an estimation of the number of virus particles can be made. While less accurate than a plaque assay, it is cheaper and quicker (taking just 30 minutes).
This assay may be modified to include the addition of an antiserum. By using a standard amount of virus, a standard amount of blood cells, and serially diluting the antiserum, one can identify the concentration of the antiserum (the greatest dilution which inhibits hemagglutination).

</doc>
<doc id="2934016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934016" title="Shontayne Hape">
Shontayne Hape

Shontayne Hape (; born 30 January 1981) is a New Zealand-born rugby footballer, a dual-code rugby international. He plays rugby union at centre for Montpellier Hérault Rugby and England. He has also previously played rugby league for the Bradford Bulls in Super League and New Zealand Warriors in the National Rugby League. Hape has also represented New Zealand at international level rugby league by being selected for both the junior and senior squads including the 2006 Gillette Tri-Nations New Zealand squad. His usual position is centre.
Early life.
A Massey High School student, Hape started his rugby education as a Te Atatu Roosters junior. He played for the New Zealand Secondary Schools team in 1998. Hape played for the Glenora Bears in the 2001 Bartercard Cup.
Rugby League career.
New Zealand Warriors.
Hape signed for the Auckland Warriors in 1999. In the same year, he played for the Junior Kiwis and New Zealand Māori. In 2000 Hape made his first grade debut for the Warriors and earned the great honour of Rookie of the Year award.
In 2001, the Warriors reached the play-offs and Hape played in the series. In round two of the 2002 season Hape injured his anterior cruciate ligament, which ruled him out for the year and he missed the Grand Final.
Bradford Bulls.
Fellow New Zealander Robbie Paul pointed out Hape to Bradford Bulls, who signed him in 2003. Helped to settle into English life by Paul and his wife, Hape missed only one of the Bulls' 35 games in the 2003 season, scoring 15 tries.
Hape played for the Bradford Bulls at centre and scored a try in their 2003 Super League Grand Final victory against the Wigan Warriors. Having won Super League VIII, Bradford played against 2003 NRL Premiers, the Penrith Panthers in the 2004 World Club Challenge. Hape played at centre in the Bulls' 22-4 victory.
Hape played for the Bradford Bulls at centre and scored a try in their 2004 Super League Grand Final loss against the Leeds Rhinos. A knee injury sustained while playing for New Zealand in the 2004 Tri Nations kept Hape out until round 22 in 2005. His return coincided with the Bulls charge towards the Grand Final and the Super League Championship. His partnership with Lesley Vainikolo is seen as one of the best in the game and has yielded many tries for the Bulls. Hape played for the Bradford Bulls at centre in their 2005 Super League Grand Final victory against Leeds Rhinos
Hape played for New Zealand in their 2005 Rugby League Tri-Nations final victory over Australia.
As Super League champions Bradford faced National Rugby League premiers Wests Tigers in the 2006 World Club Challenge. Hape played at centre in the Bulls' 30-10 victory.
In March 2007, Hape was ruled out for most of the season because of a cruciate ligament injury. In August 2007, he was named in Bradford's team of the century. In September 2007, Hape returned for the round 27 Match v Hull F.C. His last game was against Hull KR on 29 June 2008.
Representative career.
In 2004, Hape was chosen to represent New Zealand in the Gillette Tri-Nations, replacing his partner on the wing at the Bulls Vainikolo who was out with a knee injury. Hape played two Tri-Nations games and against France and also represented the Kiwis in the clash with Cumbria.
Hape also appeared for New Zealand in the Tri-Nations series in 2005, where he played a starring role helping New Zealand defeat the Aussies to win the final. In 2006, Hape played in the match against Great Britain in the one off Test match at St Helens.
Rugby Union career.
Bath Rugby.
Hape qualified for the England team on residency grounds, having spent the last six years in England. After Bulls and New Zealand colleague Vainikolo made a successful switch to rugby union with Gloucester, Hape was initially linked with Guinness Premiership-bound Northampton Saints.
In late May 2008, it was announced that he would be joining Bath Rugby on a three-year deal.
London Irish.
Coming to the end of his deal at Bath, the club and player were unable to come to an agreement over a new package. As a result, in February 2011 Hape agreed to join London Irish for the 2011-2012 season, replacing the departing Samoan centre Seilala Mapusua. After representing England in the World Cup in his native New Zealand, on his return he was cited for four weeks for a high tackle, followed by an injury plagued domestic season.
Montpellier Hérault Rugby.
In April 2012, it was announced that together with a number of other senior players, Hape had been advised that he should find another club. He was signed by Montpellier Hérault Rugby in April 2012, and due to injury did not play for London Irish again.
Representative career.
On 13 January 2010, Hape was named in the English 32-man squad for the 2010 Six Nations tournament.
On 30 May 2010, he played for England against the Barbarians at Twickenham. where he scored a try. He made his full Test debut for England two weeks later on 12 June in Perth against Australia and appeared again a week later in Sydney in the 2nd Test of that English tour.
Hape was again selected for the 2011 England six nations squad and started in all five matches seemingly sealing his place as a dependable center for England. Although there was fear that his pairing with Mike Tindall lacked the attacking power that other centers possessed however they made up for it with excellent defense leading to the England winning the tournament although narrowly missing out on the grand slam due to a flattening by Ireland.
Hape was later selected to play in the 2011 Rugby World Cup in New Zealand, although there was doubt on the role he would play in the tournament due to the strong pairing of Mike Tindall and Manu Tulagi he did play in the 41-10 win over Georgia on 18 September scoring 2 tries in the first half.
Personal life.
Hape is married to Liana, a dancer who has performed with Shaggy, Pink and Natalie Imbruglia. The couple have two sons and one daughter.
His pastime is DJing, which is influenced by rap artists such as Jay-Z and Kanye West. He undertakes under the stage name DJ Shape. Hape performed in Bath in 2009 to assist those affected by the 2009 tsunami that hit Samoa.

</doc>
<doc id="2934018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934018" title="CFB Bagotville">
CFB Bagotville

Canadian Forces Base Bagotville , commonly referred to as CFB Bagotville, is a Canadian Forces Base located west of Bagotville in the city of Saguenay, Quebec. It is operated as an air force base by the Royal Canadian Air Force and is one of two bases in the country using the "CF-18 Hornet" fighter/interceptor. Its primary RCAF lodger unit is 3 Wing, commonly referred to as 3 Wing Bagotville.
CFB Bagotville's airfield is also used by civilian aircraft, with civilian operations at the base referring to the facility as Bagotville Airport. The airport is classified as an airport of entry by NAV CANADA and is staffed by the Canada Border Services Agency. CBSA officers at this airport currently can handle general aviation aircraft only, with no more than 15 passengers.
RCAF Station Bagotville.
At the height of the Second World War, the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) selected a relatively level farming area at the head of navigable waters in the Saguenay Fjord to be the site of several aerodromes during 1941. This area was considered useful for RCAF purposes, given the amount of cleared land in the region, its relative geographic isolation and proximity to the deepwater port of Port-Alfred, as well as access to the adjacent railway network. Construction began that summer and continued through the winter and following spring on RCAF Station St-Honoré near Chicoutimi and RCAF Station Bagotville in La Baie.
The base at St-Honoré opened in June 1942, followed by Bagotville on 17 July 1942; St-Honoré being operated as a sub-base to Bagotville. RCAF Station Bagotville hosted the 1 Operational Training Unit (1 OTU) which trained pilots from commonwealth nations under the British Commonwealth Air Training Plan (BCATP), as well as the 130 Panthère Squadron, which was an operational RCAF air defence unit intended to protect the massive Alcan aluminum smelter in nearby Arvida (one of the largest industrial facilities in Canada at the time), and associated hydro-electric facilities in the Saguenay region. During 1942 Quebec's coastal regions along the lower St. Lawrence River and Gulf of St. Lawrence were witnessing the Battle of the St. Lawrence as German U-boats were sinking Canadian shipping throughout the area. RCAF Station Bagotville was established, along with RCAF Station Mont-Joli to counter the U-boat menace to Canada's war effort and placate local fears.
Early training aircraft operating from RCAF Station Bagotville included "Curtiss Kittyhawk", "Westland Lysander", "North American Harvard" and "Hawker Hurricane". 130 Squadron, which was deployed at the base to provide regional air defence to key industrial facilities, used the motto "Défendez le Saguenay", which was later adopted by the entire base. On 1 August 1942 the 12 Radar Detachment was deployed to provide air traffic control. On 24 October 1943 129 Squadron took over from 130 Squadron as the regional air defence unit; 2 months later in December 129 Squadron was redeployed from Saguenay and the 1 OTU was retasked with regional air defence duties.
Toward the end of the war, RCAF Station Bagotville began to decline in activity as the requirement for BCATP training decreased. On 28 October 1944 the 1 OTU ceased operations, followed by the 12 Radar Detachment. In 29 pilot training courses given by 1 OTU at RCAF Station Bagotville (and St-Honoré), 940 pilots successfully graduated and 41 were killed during training.
In November 1944 1 OTU was disbanded and the closure of RCAF Station Bagotville and its secondary facilities at RCAF Station St-Honoré was announced; they were officially closed and mothballed on 5 January 1945.
The escalating tensions brought about by the Cold War and the Korean War saw RCAF Station Bagotville reactivated on 1 July 1951 as a training base for air defence squadrons deploying in support of NATO's defence of western Europe from the Warsaw Pact. 413 and 414 squadrons initially trained at Bagotville using "De Havilland Vampire" and "F-86 Sabre" aircraft. On 7 March 1953 both squadrons deployed to Europe and the base was quiet through the rest of that year.
No. 431 (Fighter) Squadron re-formed at RCAF Station Bagotville on 18 January 1954 using the "Sabre". The squadron was formed on a temporary basis until there were enough new CF-100s available to fulfill RCAF squadron needs and was deactivated on 1 October 1954. Also in 1954 432 and 440 squadrons were transferred to RCAF Station Bagotville flying the "CF-100 Canuck" all-weather fighter. In 1957 440 squadron deployed to West Germany and on 1 May 1957 413 squadron returned to the base flying the "Canuck". That year also saw the "CT-133 Silver Star" arrive at the base as a training aircraft.
In 1961 413 and 432 squadrons disbanded and 416 Squadron was formed at Bagotville flying the "CF-101 Voodoo". 416 squadron was moved to RCAF Station Chatham the following year in 1962. In summer of 1962 the 425 Alouette squadron transferred to RCAF Station Bagotville flying the "Voodoo"; its aircraft were modified to carry the AIR-2 Genie - a nuclear-tipped air-to-air missile, with nuclear warheads being stored at Bagotville until the weapon's decommissioning in the early 1980s.
On 1 February 1968 the RCAF merged with the Royal Canadian Navy and Canadian Army to form the Canadian Forces; RCAF Station Bagotville changed its name to Canadian Forces Base Bagotville.
Later that year 410 squadron formed at CFB Bagotville to provide training. In September 1969 433 "Porc-Épic" squadron was transferred to Bagotville flying the "CF-116 Freedom Fighter". In 1982 410 squadron moved to CFB Cold Lake and was replaced by 434 "Bluenose" squadron.
On 1 July 1984 425 squadron changed from the "CF-101 Voodoo" to the "CF-188 Hornet". On 9 July 1985 434 squadron moved to CFB Chatham. In 1986 433 squadron ceased operations to restructure and reactivated in January 1988 equipped with the "CF-188 Hornet".
On 1 April 1993 CFB Bagotville became home to 3 Wing, which administers all Air Command units on base. The same day 439 "Tiger" squadron was reformed from elements of the existing Base Flight Bagotville, flying the "CT-133 Silver Star" and "CH-118 Huey". The CT-133 fleet was retired in 2001 and in 1996 439 squadron's four CH-118s were replaced by three "CH-146 Griffons".
In July 1996, the base helped locals during the Saguenay Flood.
On 1 March 1999 12 Radar Squadron was formed at CFB Bagotville to provide tactical control of fighter/interceptor aircraft; it replaced a radar station at RCAF Station Mont Apica which was closed.
433 Squadron disbanded in 2006 with its aircraft and personnel absorbed by 425 Squadron as a dual language Francophone/Anglophone unit.
Today CFB Bagotville has the following Squadrons and Units:
Bagotville also supports 414 Electronic Warfare Support Squadron reformed on 20 January 2009. This squadron is based in Ottawa and is composed of military Electronic Warfare Officers who fulfill the combat support role, flying on civilian contracted aircraft.
CFB Bagotville hosts the Bagotville Air Cadet Summer Training Centre. Air Cadets from across Canada attend the summer training centre to qualify in a variety of courses ranging from the 2-week General Training Course, to the 6-week Survival Instructor Course.
Discovery Air Defence Services Dassault/Dornier Alpha Jets are based here as part of the CF jet training program Contracted Airborne Training Services.

</doc>
<doc id="2934020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934020" title="Aupaluk Airport">
Aupaluk Airport

Aupaluk Airport is located east of Aupaluk, Quebec, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2934021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934021" title="Baie-Comeau Water Aerodrome">
Baie-Comeau Water Aerodrome

Baie-Comeau Water Aerodrome , is located on the Manicouagan River, Quebec, Canada and is open from May until October.
The airport is classified as an airport of entry by NAV CANADA and is staffed by the Canada Border Services Agency. CBSA officers at this airport currently can handle general aviation aircraft only, with no more than 15 passengers.

</doc>
<doc id="2934022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934022" title="Baie-Comeau (Manic 1) Airport">
Baie-Comeau (Manic 1) Airport

Baie-Comeau (Manic 1) Airport , is located south southwest of Baie-Comeau, Quebec, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2934023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934023" title="Barrage Gouin Water Aerodrome">
Barrage Gouin Water Aerodrome

Barrage Gouin Water Aerodrome , is located on the St-Maurice River, Quebec, Canada and is open from the middle of May until the middle of November.

</doc>
<doc id="2934028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934028" title="Kazakhstan Rugby Union">
Kazakhstan Rugby Union

The Kazakhstan Rugby Union is the governing body for rugby union in Kazakhstan. It is a member of the International Rugby Board.
The Union organises the Kazakhstan national rugby union team, known as the "Nomads".

</doc>
<doc id="2934040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934040" title="Jerry Seuseu">
Jerry Seuseu

Jerry Seuseu (born 19 April 1974 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a former professional rugby league player who represented New Zealand and Samoa. His position of choice was as a prop forward. He is the current Welfare and Education Manager at the New Zealand Warriors and the Manager for the NYC Vodafone Junior Warriors.
Playing career.
A Mangere East Hawks junior, Seuseu represented the in the Lion Red Cup in 1995 and 1996 before joining the Auckland Warriors where he was named Reserve Grader of the Year in 1997 in a side that lost the Reserve Grade Grand Final.
Seuseu then became a stalwart in the New Zealand Warriors front row after Joe Vagana left the club to join Bradford Bulls in 2000, making over 120 appearances and scoring 6 tries.
Seuseu played for the New Zealand Warriors at prop forward in their 2002 NRL Grand Final loss against the Sydney Roosters.
The tough New Zealander joined the Wigan Warriors at the start of the 2005 season. His younger brother, Anthony Seuseu, also played in Super League VIII with strugglers Halifax.
The Twelfth Man also did a small sketch on Jerry, when he was in character as Ray Warren and calling a Rugby Game. Ray referred to Jerry as " Jerry Seu Seu and I see you too, Jerry Jerry".
Representative career.
Seuseu played for Samoa at the 2000 World Cup.
He later represented New Zealand's national side 11 times, locking horns with Andy Farrell and Adrian Morley during the first Test against the touring New Zealanders at the end of 2002.
Personal life.
Seuseu is a religious man and has a Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Education. He has a wife, Kim and three children; Leya (born 1998), Lazaro (born 2000) and Carlos (born 2001)
Retirement.
Seuseu retired from rugby league at the end of the 2006 Super League season after two years playing for Wigan Warriors.
Between 2007 and 2009 he worked as a Football Development Officer for the Auckland Rugby League focusing on grassroots juniors. He then took up a similar position at the New Zealand Warriors, becoming the Welfare and Education manager for the 2010 season.

</doc>
<doc id="2934042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934042" title="Joe Vagana">
Joe Vagana

Joe Vagana (born 21 January 1975 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s. During his career Vagana played for the Auckland Warriors and the Bradford Bulls and also represented both Samoa and New Zealand in international competition. His position of preference was at Prop forward. Joe is also the cousin of fellow rugby league international Nigel Vagana and the New Zealand netballer Linda Vagana.
Playing career.
Auckland Rugby League.
Whilst a student at St Pauls College, Vagana played rugby league for the Richmond Rovers club in the Auckland Rugby League competition. In 1993 he played 9 games for Auckland. He then played for the successful North Harbour Sea Eagles in the 1994 Lion Red Cup. Vagana played for the Junior Kiwis for three seasons, between 1992 and 1994.
National Rugby League.
In 1995 Vagana was signed by the Auckland Warriors as they prepared for their début season in the Australian Rugby League. He made his début for the club on 18 March 1995 in the Warriors second ever premiership match. In 1995 Joe represented Western Samoa in the 1995 Rugby League World Cup. Vagana was selected for the New Zealand team to compete in the end of season 1999 Rugby League Tri-Nations tournament. In the final against Australia he played at prop forward in the Kiwis' 22-20 loss. He went on to play 116 games for the Warriors, leaving the club when Eric Watson bought the franchise, but not the player contracts, in 2000. Vagana also played 25 times for the New Zealand Kiwis, including playing in the 2000 Rugby League World Cup.
Super League.
Despite competition from other Super League and Australian clubs, Vagana signed for the Bradford Bulls in 2001. He became one part of the Bulls Awesome Foursome a phrase coined by the media, alongside Stuart Fielden, Brian McDermott and Paul Anderson. Vagana played for the Bradford Bulls at prop forward in their 2001 Super League Grand Final victory against the Wigan Warriors. As Super League VI champions, the Bulls played against 2001 NRL Premiers, the Newcastle Knights in the 2002 World Club Challenge. Vagana played as a prop forward in Bradford's victory. He also played for Bradford at prop forward in their 2002 Super League Grand Final loss against St Helens RFC. Vagana played for the Bradford Bulls at prop forward in their 2003 Super League Grand Final victory against the Wigan Warriors. Having won Super League VIII, Bradford played against 2003 NRL Premiers, the Penrith Panthers in the 2004 World Club Challenge. Vagana played from the interchange bench in the Bulls' 22-4 victory. He also played for Bradford at prop forward in their 2004 Super League Grand Final loss against the Leeds Rhinos. Vagana played for the Bradford Bulls from the interchange bench in their 2005 Super League Grand Final victory against the Leeds Rhinos. 
As Super League champions Bradford faced National Rugby League premiers Wests Tigers in the 2006 World Club Challenge. Vagana played from the interchange bench in the Bulls' 30-10 victory. A destructive tackler and strong runner with the ability to off load the ball, Vagana rarely missed a game for the Bulls and became one of the most popular players at the club. He also wrote a weekly column for several Bradford newspapers and the Bulls website. In 2006 Vagana was awarded the Bulls Clubman of the Year Award. He signed a one-year extension on the 18 August 2006 to keep him at the Bulls for the 2007 season. After a long absence he was called up by New Zealand for their game against Great Britain in 2006 but did not play in the match. In June 2007 Vagana signed another one-year contract with Bradford, signalling his intent to play out the 2008 season. Vagana was sent off for the first time in his Bulls career against Wakefield Trinity Wildcats on 5 August 2007. In August 2007 he was named in Bradford's team of the Century. In 2008 whilst playing for Bradford against Wigan Vagana broke his arm attempting to tackle Stuart Fielden. Vagana retired at the end of the 2008 season after 8 years with the Bulls. In 2009 and 2010 he coached the East Coast Bays Barracudas alongside Willie Swann.

</doc>
<doc id="2934043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934043" title="Messenger Newspapers">
Messenger Newspapers

Messenger Newspapers is the publisher of 11 free suburban weekly newspapers together covering the Adelaide metropolitan area. Established by Roger Baynes in Port Adelaide in 1951, "Messenger" has since acquired other independent suburban titles to become Adelaide's only suburban newspaper group. The paper is a subsidiary of News Limited.
The "Messenger" is delivered weekly to 11 different suburban areas, each paper targeting content to its distribution area with some shared content. The "Messenger" group also publishes one monthly lifestyle magazine, "Adelaide Matters". More than 710,000 people read the "Messenger" every week.
The newspapers cover events in the distribution area, including local council decisions, controversial developments, local social trends, articles about local volunteers or young people, and local sports clubs. There is also a significant classifieds and real estate sections. All "Messenger" titles feature regular sections such as Vibe (entertainment guide), Sport, and Your Garden.
In mid-2009, Messenger Newspapers moved from its headquarters at 1 Baynes Place, Port Adelaide to new offices at Sir Keith Murdoch House, 31 Waymouth St, Adelaide. "The Adelaide Advertiser", "Sunday Mail" and various other News Ltd publications are also based in Sir Keith Murdoch House.
History.
In 1951, Port Adelaide courier Roger Baynes, in partnership with Len Croker, took over the Largs North Progressive Association's "Progressive Times". In March 1951, the "Progressive Times" was relaunched as the "Messenger". The "Messenger" originally operated out of a small room above a Port Adelaide bicycle shop. The business later moved to an old butcher's shop on Commercial Road, Port Adelaide.
In 1954, Croker left the "Messenger" to run the "Woodville Times". In 1959, Baynes' fellow courier, Ron Mitchell, joined "Messenger" to run its newest acquisition, the "Standard". Messenger Press continued to acquire suburban newspapers across Adelaide and turned them into "Messenger" titles. Messenger Press acquired John Carroll's four "News Review" titles, the "Edwardstown District Community Centre Newspaper" and the "Glenelg Guardian", previously run by the Smedley brothers at Glenelg.
By 1962, "Messenger Newspapers" were being delivered to 250,000 homes across Adelaide. Two years later, Baynes sold nearly half of the company's shares to "The Advertiser." In 1983, shortly before his death, Baynes sold his remaining shares to "The Advertiser".
In the 1970s and 1980s newspapers in the Adelaide Hills, south coast and Barossa Valley were added to the "Messenger" stable. In 1988 the "City Messenger" was established to cover the Adelaide CBD.
"Messenger" had several printing firsts, most notably, in 1968, being the first newspaper in the southern hemisphere to own a web offset press - just one year after being the first press to use IBM tape electric typesetting. In 1981 the firm purchased a Mitsubishi L600 colour press, enabling "Messenger" to print coloured magazines including "The Advertiser Magazine", "Football Times", "South Australian Radio TV Extra" and "Adelaide Matters". However, from 1988 production moved to "The Advertiser". From 1991 all "Messenger" newspapers were printed by News Limited.
In 2007, "Messenger Newspapers" began publishing news online and uploaded web videos for the first time. In January 2008, "Messenger" added a number of online interactive features to its websites, including photo galleries and a breaking news feed from Adelaide Now, the online news service of "The Advertiser" newspaper.
In October, 2009, Messenger Community News re-launched "The City Messenger", featuring a new look, improved design and new weekly features, such as the 60 Second News Tour - a quick snapshot of stories across Messenger's 11 titles.
Also in October, Messenger relaunched a new look Standard Messenger under the new name "City North Messenger". 
The newly launched publication now takes in North Adelaide, which was previously covered by "The City Messenger". The "City North" was launched with a new emphasis on increased coverage of news, sport and lifestyle content. The Standard Messenger website was rebadged www.citynorthmessenger.com.au to reflect the changes.

</doc>
<doc id="2934045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934045" title="Samoa Rugby Union">
Samoa Rugby Union

The Samoa Rugby Union are the governing body of the sport of rugby union in Samoa. They were formerly members of the Pacific Islands Rugby Alliance (PIRA) along with Fiji and Tonga.
There are 12 provincial unions made up of around 120 clubs and boasting nearly 5,000 senior and twice as many junior players in a country with a population of just under 175,000 people.
The Western Samoa Rugby Football Union was formed in 1924. It joined the International Rugby Board in 1988.
In 2009 Samoa traveled to the Northern Hemisphere to play Wales, France and Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="2934047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934047" title="YBG">
YBG

YBG may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2934053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934053" title="Mihai Petric">
Mihai Petric

Mihai Petric (born March 7, 1923) is a Moldovan painter. He studied at the "I. Repin" National School of Fine Arts in Chişinău and at the Institute of Fine Arts in Kiev, Ukraine. He is the creator of ""Road to Codru"" (oil on canvas, 1959), ""Dniestr at Dusk"" (oil on canvas, 1980), ""White Frost"" (oil on canvas, 1987), etc.

</doc>
<doc id="2934056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934056" title="Terry Newton">
Terry Newton

Terry Newton (7 November 1978 – ) was an English international rugby league player of the 1990s and 2000s. He played for Leeds, Wigan, Bradford and Wakefield Trinity, and was one of a handful of players to feature in each of the first 15 seasons of Super League. In February 2010, he was given a two-year ban after being one of the first sportsmen to have tested positive for human growth hormone. He was found hanged in his home seven months later.
Playing career.
Leeds.
Newton joined Leeds after a protracted transfer from amateur team Wigan St Judes, after Warrington had claimed they had also signed the young Newton. Terry missed his first year of Academy rugby due to the problem however when he finally joined in March 1996 he made an immediate impact. He made his debut against Sheffield Eagles at Headingley in April of that year and by the next season was a regular in the side making 26 appearances in 1997 and scoring 2 tries. His progression continued in 1998, despite going on loan to Bramley for a month, he still played in the Grand Final team at Old Trafford before playing his best season at the club in 1999. Leeds had signed Great Britain No 9 Lee Jackson and Newton’s opportunities looked limited, however coach Graham Murray came up with a game plan that used both to their maximum potential. Newton, with his no nonsense direct play would start games with Jackson coming on off the bench to carve teams open. He played for Leeds Rhinos at hooker in their 1998 Super League Grand Final loss to Wigan Warriors. Newtown gained two caps in the 1998 Great Britain v New Zealand test series whilst at Leeds. Newton won international honours with two caps for England against France in October 1999. He played 83 times for Leeds and scored 6 tries.
Wigan.
Newton joined Wigan and made his début for the Wigan on Boxing Day 1999 against St Helens. He was a prolific try scorer for Wigan, bagging over a dozen tries in each of his first two seasons. Newton played for the Wigan Warriors at hooker in their 2000 Super League Grand Final loss against St Helens RLFC. He played for England in 2001 against Wales. He also played for Wigan at hooker in their 2001 Super League Grand Final loss to the Bradford Bulls. Terry would surely have represented Great Britain in the 2001 Ashes series had it not been for a broken arm suffered in the Wigan Grand Final defeat by Bradford at Old Trafford. Newton signed a 4-year extension to his Wigan contract in August 2002. Newton won caps for Great Britain while at Wigan in 2002 against Australia (sub), in 2003 against Australia (3 matches), in 2004 against Australia (3 matches), and New Zealand. He played much of the 2003 season despite needing a knee operation. He decided to put the operation back to the end of the year because the club was suffering an injury crisis at the time. He was rewarded for his efforts when he was included in the 2003 Super League 'Dream Team'. Newton played for the Wigan Warriors at hooker in the 2003 Super League Grand Final which was lost to the Bradford Bulls. He made his return to the Great Britain squad for the 2003 Ashes series, despite needing a knee operation. Newton was selected in the Great Britain team to compete in the end of season 2004 Rugby League Tri-Nations tournament. In the final against Australia he played at hooker in the Lions' 44-4 loss. At Wigan, Newton featured in three Super League Grand Finals, and was on the losing side on each occasion.
Bradford.
Newton moved to Bradford for the start of the 2006 season as part of a swap deal involving Mickey Higham. While at Bradford he played for Great Britain in 2006 against New Zealand (2 matches), New Zealand (sub), and Australia (2 matches), and in 2007 against New Zealand. He was a consistent performer for Bradford, but the club did not feature in a major final during his time there. He was allowed to leave the club following the expiry of his contract at the end of the 2009 season. Newton signed for Wakefield Trinity following the expiry of his contract at Bradford.
Wakefield Trinity.
On 22 February 2010 Newton was banned for two years by the UK Anti-Doping Agency (UKAD) after failing a drug test on 24 November 2009. He was just two games into 2-year deal that he had signed with Wakefield Trinity, but the contract was cancelled. The father of two young girls became a pub licensee following his ban.
Death.
On 26 September 2010, Newton was found hanged in a house on Harswell Close in the Orrell district of Wigan. A later post mortem found traces of cocaine, amphetamines and the steroid nandrolone within his system, prescription anti-depressants, and consumption of alcohol, all of which could have impaired his judgement. Newton had left several notes stating he wanted to die. Coroner Jennifer Leeming recorded an open verdict.

</doc>
<doc id="2934060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934060" title="Luciano Quiñones">
Luciano Quiñones

Luciano Quiñones Lugo (born June 22, 1948), is a pianist and the foremost composer of Modern Puerto Rican Danzas.
Early years.
Quiñones, was born in the town of San German, Puerto Rico where he also received his primary education. He was musically influenced by his family who taught him the basics in music at a young age. In 1960, he was sent to the Mayagüez free School of Music where he began his formal musical education.
In 1965, Quiñones enrolled at the Inter-American University of San German where he continued his musical instruction. In 1969, he earned a Bachelors Degree in music with a concentration in applied piano. He was also awarded "The Most Outstanding Student of the Music Department" medal.
Musical career.
Quiñones married Sylvia Rodriguez to whom he dedicated his first danza "A Sylvia" in 1977. This danza won prizes from the Puerto Rican Institute of Culture. By 2008, 29 of his danzas have won prizes. "El Abanico" (The Fan), the "Official Anthem of the City of Hormigueros" and "Himno a Mayagüez" are the only three to have lyrics. The latter two of the danzas were adopted as the official anthems of their respective cities. His danza "Linda Mayagüezna", also dedicated to his wife, have been played at the Pablo Casals Festival in Puerto Rico.
Danza compositions.
Some of the danzas composed by Quiñones.:
Later years.
Quiñones' love for the danza and piano plus his desire to preserve Puerto Rico's musical heritage led him to develop two websites. In 1996, he created "The Home of the Danza" where anyone may listen to some of the island's most renowned danzas performed by him. He also created "Luciano's Piano Bar" where he performs boleros and modern music.
Recognitions.
Among the many recognitions which Quiñones has received are the following:
Quiñones was a music professor at the Mayagüez Free School of Music. He currently participates in the Danza Festival of Mayagüez either as a soloist or accompanist. His wife Sylvia, who was his major source of inspiration and with whom he had two children, Jose Carlos and Jose Ivan, died on November 15, 2004. Quiñones presently resides in Mayagüez and presents his Danza's recital in universities, schools, social and cultural institutions that contract him. He also lectures on the Danza for the Institute of Puerto Rican Culture.

</doc>
<doc id="2934064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934064" title="Gareth Hock">
Gareth Hock

Gareth Hock (born 5 September 1983) is an British professional rugby league footballer who currently plays in Super League for British club, Salford Red Devils. A Great Britain and
England international representative second-row forward, he is currently on loan at Widnes until November 2013, however this can be extended further and Hock has stated that he has no intention of going back to Wigan. Hock signed for the Salford Red Devils for 2014 on a 4-year deal putting down "family reasons" as to why he did not join Paramatta.
Career.
Wigan-born Gareth Charnock joined Wigan's scholarship scheme from St Jude's, a local amateur team. He changed his surname after his parents separated.
2000s.
Hock gained international experience playing in the Great Britain Academy side that toured Australia in 2001. He worked his way up through Wigan's scholarship and Academy systems, playing in the Academy U19s during the 2002 season. However, injury forced him to miss much of the latter part of the year. He was also called up to the England Academy squad to face the Aussie Schoolboys in December 2002. He played in the first Test, scoring a vital try in England's historic victory. He had achieved amateur representative honours, touring with Great Britain U16s and U18s.
He was included in Wigan's 2003 first team squad by head coach Stuart Raper. Gareth made his first team debut that season against Doncaster in the Challenge Cup, scoring two tries after coming on as a substitute. He went on to become a first team regular for the rest of the season. Gareth commented later: "Mick Cassidy was injured early, which was a lucky break for me," he said. "It went well, then Faz (Farrell) got injured and I got a few starts. I’ve enjoyed every minute." He was included in the England A squad to face the Australians at Griffin Park, Brentford on 28 October 2003.
He crowned a magnificent season by being named Super League Young Player of the Year. Hock played for the Wigan Warriors from the interchange bench in the 2003 Super League Grand Final which was lost to the Bradford Bulls.
Hock signed a new one-year contract with Wigan in June 2004. His playing career took a turn for the worse when he picked up a medial ligament injury against Bradford on 25 February 2005. The injury required a full knee reconstruction which kept him side-lined until the end of the 2005 Super League season. Gareth was expected to make his return in the 2006 season but suffered a stress fracture to his shin and had to miss the start of the 2006 season.
On 19 May 2006 Hock made his long awaited return to rugby league in Wigan's Rugby League Challenge Cup match against Salford which Wigan lost 16-4, despite being on the losing team Hock made an impressive return. He featured in the next match which was against rivals St Helens, he was again impressive and scored a try but Wigan lost 14-28. His impressive return has meant that Hock is likely to be included in the Great Britain test squad to take on New Zealand only a month after returning from a 2-year injury.
In September 2008 he was named in the England training squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup, and in October 2008 he was named in the final 24-man England squad. He was named in the England team to face Wales at the Keepmoat Stadium, Doncaster, prior to England's departure for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup. He went with the England squad to compete in the 2008 Rugby League World Cup tournament in Australia. Group A's first match against Papua New Guinea he played at second-row forward in England's victory.
It was reported in June 2009 that Gareth tested positive for cocaine following tests on an 'A' sample of urine taken during a match between Wigan and Salford. A second 'B' sample also returned a positive result for benzoylecgonine, the main metabolite of cocaine. In August 2009, it was confirmed that Hock would face a two-year ban from rugby league as he did not appeal against the mandatory ban.
2010s.
On 10 May 2011, Gareth Hock signed a new contract with Wigan until 2015, beginning once his 2-year doping ban has ended on 23 June.
He made a high profile return against Huddersfield in a 2011 Super League game.
Since his return from his ban, he has been a consistent member of the Wigan first team, gaining the number 12 jersey in the 2012 season (following the departure of Joel Tomkins to Saracens RUFC). Hock is well known for his aggressive and confrontational style of play and has begun to return to the high standard performances seen before his ban.
On 22 Jan 2013, Wigan announced that Hock would be joining Widnes on a season-long loan.
After a possible move to NRL side Parramatta Eels fell through, on 5 September 2013 Salford Red Devils announced he would be signing for them for the 2014 Super League season on a 4 year deal.
On 22 October 2013, England Rugby League issued the following statement: "As a result of serious breaches of team discipline that have fallen below the strict code of conduct as agreed by team management, Gareth Hock has been withdrawn from the England Rugby League World Cup squad with immediate effect. He is replaced by Huddersfield Giants player Brett Ferres. There will be no further comment issued by England Rugby League on this matter."

</doc>
<doc id="2934065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934065" title="Bonaventure Airport">
Bonaventure Airport

Bonaventure Airport is located northeast of Bonaventure, Quebec, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2934068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934068" title="Conrad Stargard">
Conrad Stargard

Conrad Stargard is the protagonist and title character in a series of time travel novels written by the Polish American writer Leo Frankowski. In them, a Polish engineer named Conrad Schwartz is sent back in time to the 13th century where he has to establish himself and cope with various crises including the eventual Mongol invasion of Poland in 1240.
The character of Conrad has at times been described as a Mary Sue, and some aspects of the novels can be looked at as authorial wish-fulfillment. In response to this criticism in an early draft of the first book, Frankowski modified the character to have the opposite traits as himself, such as Conrad's socialism and devout Catholicism.
The series originally consisted of four books, with a fifth released shortly after to wrap up loose ends. They are:
all originally published by Del Rey Books, and recently being released by Baen Books.
A later sequel, "Conrad's Quest For Rubber" is set in the same world/timeline as the original series but does not feature Conrad as its main protagonist.
Another book of Frankowski's, "Conrad's Time Machine" is set in the same universe as the original series and is only loosely related, having to do with the invention of the time machine with which Conrad ends up in the 13th century.
In late 2005, Frankowski self-published "Lord Conrad's Crusade" with Conrad Stargard again as the protagonist.
The Conrad Stargard books clearly belong to the subgenre started by Mark Twain's classic "A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court", in which a modern person goes back in time and anachronistically introduces various modern technical innovations and social institutions centuries sooner than happened in our history. 
The Stargard books differ significantly from Twain's concept in having a diametrically opposite role for the Catholic Church. The staunchly Freethinking Twain assigned to the Medieval Church the role of strongly opposing his protagonist's innovations and doing all in its power to undo them; on the contrary Frankowski - of a Polish Catholic background - provided his own time traveler from the very moment of arrival in the past with a friendly and sympathetic clergyman, who steadily rises in the Church hierarchy and ensures that the Church adopt a benevolently neutral attitude to Conrad's various enterprises, considerably helping their success. 
General plot overview.
Unlike Twain's Yankee—who ultimately failed and saw all his efforts come to nought—Conrad Stargard is eminently successful in creating a new timeline in which a technologically-advanced Poland becomes the dominant power in Thirteenth-Century Europe and Stargard himself is the most powerful man in Poland (though he chooses not to dethrone the King).
One crucial difference is that in the depiction of the staunchly atheist Twain, the Catholic Church is dead-set against the interloper from the future and all his works, and it is the clergy which ultimately plays a major role in his downfall. Conversely, immediately upon his arrival in the past, Conrad Stargard meets and befriends a sympathetic Franciscan—who later on rises fast in the Church hierarchy, parallel to Stargard's own climb to eminence, and who ensures that the Church would welcome the time-traveler's New Order (and gain some considerable advantages to itself in the process). However, their official inquisition regarding Conrad (to decide if he is an agent of God or an agent of the Devil) never gets anywhere, due to the Church's excruciatingly slow bureaucracy.
"The Cross Time Engineer".
The main character Conrad Stargard is a Polish engineer from the year 1986. After getting drunk and falling asleep in a time machine, he is transported back in time to the year 1231. Conrad, familiar with Poland's history, knows that in 10 years the Mongols will arrive and kill most of the population of Europe. After befriending a local monk, and a failed attempt at becoming a scribe, he takes a job as a bodyguard to a merchant. Due to his skill at arms and mercy in saving the infant of bandits he had slain, he impresses the local count, Count Lambert. It is discovered at this point that Conrad's "amazing warhorse" and "superb weapons" were all planted by his distant cousin who invented the time-machines and wished to help Conrad. However due to causality, Conrad cannot be simply removed from the past, but he can be "assisted". After improving Count Lambert's industrial base by building a cloth factory and multipurpose windmill, Conrad is eventually granted land on which he can build his industrial base to defend Poland.
"The High Tech Knight".
This book details the travails that occur as Conrad attempts to establish the industrial base that he will need for his planned defense of Poland. He also establishes the thirteenth century equivalent to the Playboy Club, builds a new city, gains several new lovers and elevates his status in the ruling hierarchy of the country.
"The Radiant Warrior".
The third book deals with Conrad's establishment of an official Polish army and navy using 20th century training techniques he learned during his service as an officer in the Polish Air Force. He also begins a relationship with Lady Francine, the French born paramour of the murdered Duke Henryk. By the end of the book, the war with the Mongols has begun.
"The Flying Warlord".
This book covers the few months just prior to Mongol invasion. Lambert tries to force Conrad to marry his daughter, threatening to strip him of his lands and title if he refuses. Disgusted, Conrad decides to leave Poland and travel alone to France. He stops to visit Countess Francine, who convinces him to marry her and resume his position.
After the wedding, a Council of War is called by young Duke Henryk (son of the duke murdered in the preceding book), at which Count Conrad disagrees with the duke's battle plans, as they would require him to abandon his own lands and withdraw west to Legnica, where his infantry could not maneuver effectively without the steamboats and railroads he built. Other lords of Poland's eastern lands are likewise opposed the duke's idea, but to disobey would be high treason. Conrad ends up fighting the war by himself.
After returning to the Warriors' School to finish preparations for the war he enlists the aid of Count Lambert, the commander of Eagle Nest where they have created scout aircraft, in his treason. Lambert readily agrees, believing Conrad to be answering to a higher authority. The war starts with the battle of the Vistula and finishes with the slaughter of the Christian knights and Mongols at the battle of Sandomierz, apparently ending the war and also ending the book.
"Lord Conrad's Lady".
The fifth book serves to tie up loose ends from "The Flying Warlord". Conrad has successfully defeated the Mongols, but must now piece together the various parts of Poland. Although he keeps refining his technological advances, the majority of his time is spent establishing Poland as the primary social, economic, technological and military country of the region (and soon to be the world). Political intrigue abounds as various factions (including his wife) try to chart the best course for Poland.
"Conrad's Quest For Rubber".
This book is from the point of view of a new character Josip Sobieski. Josip is a young man enrolled with Conrad's "Explorer Corps" whose purpose is to explore new lands in order to find new materials for Conrad's modernization of Europe (mainly rubber). This book primarily revolves around Josip's explorations in both the Arctic Circle and the Amazon River.
"Conrad's Time Machine".
Prequel to the series loosely gives the story of how the time machine was invented and used.
"Lord Conrad's Crusade".
Conrade goes on vacation, ends up shipwrecked in north Africa and enslaved. He discovers his uncle did more of a tune-up than believed when he got his "physical" and his Christian Army uses his disappearance as an excuse to invade the Holy Lands and find him.
"Conrad's Last Campaign".
The Mongols are overdue, so Conrad takes the war to them.

</doc>
<doc id="2934070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934070" title="Roland-Désourdy Airport">
Roland-Désourdy Airport

The Roland-Désourdy Airport (formerly known as Eastern Townships Regional Airport or simply Bromont Airport) is located west-southwest of Bromont, Quebec, Canada.
Traffic at Roland-Désourdy Airport is represented mainly by small, single-engine aircraft; jets and big aircraft are not common. The airport serves general aviation and has no scheduled flights.
A commercial aircraft maintenance facility also operates in ZBM.
The airport is classified as an airport of entry by NAV CANADA and is staffed by the Canada Border Services Agency. CBSA officers at this airport currently can handle commercial and general aviation aircraft, with no more than 15 passengers.
Usage.
This airport was built for sport-type aviation; there is a school that operates three classic light single-engine aircraft, Cessna 150, Cessna 172 and Piper Cherokee. The Royal Canadian Air Cadets fly time tested, Schweizer SGS 2-33 gliders with tow plane, and O-1 Bird Dog (Cessna L-19), during spring and late summer camps dedicated to introduction flights for kids and during summer to take young student pilots for solo flight and glider pilot licensing.
The ACE Glider Club is based at the Roland-Désourdy Airport and glider and soaring flight operations normally span from April to October. Military Glider flight operations (Air Cadets) take place only from the grass runway and are frequently canceled due to wet, muddy, unsafe conditions. Air cadets tow planes take off from the grass runway and land on the asphalt runway. Operation of high performance civil gliders take place on the asphalt runway at ZBM. These high performance gliders use the same patern and procedures as all other motorized aircraft.
From Roland-Désourdy Airport, it is possible to soar the cold front wave with a good performance sailplane and, when the meteorological conditions are favourable, it is possible to get airborne and get into a steady lift of more than , over very wide areas. With such conditions, one can fly a glider straight at speeds over without losing altitude, making sure not to exceed maximum rough air speed limits in such conditions.
The Roland-Désourdy Airport cold front wave is very predictable; the special meteorological pattern can be spotted before 1200 UTC time, and it repeats itself 63 percent of the time with onsetting cold fronts.
During spring 2007, work began on the construction of a new asphalt runway that permits optimum military glider operations (Air Cadets) which is now . Military training Gliders will be able to take off behind tow from the new runway and land on grass; after landing, the gliders will be in position for the next take off.
The last decades of the 20th century saw a progressive decline of private pilot flights and a decreasing number of small aircraft. The fleet of this region is aging and very few new aircraft are seen due to increasing costs. The possibility to fly ultralight, hang gliders and paragliders attracts many flight enthusiasts.

</doc>
<doc id="2934071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934071" title="Cascades Water Aerodrome">
Cascades Water Aerodrome

Cascades Water Aerodrome , is located north of Cascades on the Gatineau River, Quebec, Canada and is open from the middle of April until the middle of December.

</doc>
<doc id="2934072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934072" title="Causapscal Airport">
Causapscal Airport

Causapscal Airport , is located south southwest of Causapscal, Quebec, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2934073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934073" title="Chambly Airport">
Chambly Airport

Chambly Airport , was located northeast of Chambly, Quebec, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2934074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934074" title="Nik Radev">
Nik Radev

Nikolai "The Russian" Radev (29 January 1959 – 15 April 2003) was a Bulgarian refugee who became known as a career criminal in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
During his life he was jailed for assault, blackmail, threats to kill, extortion, firearm offences, armed robbery and drug charges. According to police he was an enforcer for the Melbourne head of the Russian mafia, robbing drug dealers.
Radev was shot and killed in Queen St Coburg on 15 April 2003 in a series of similar events that are commonly referred to as the Melbourne gangland killings.
He was shot seven times in the head and chest in front of his bodyguard after he stood out from his black Mercedes Benz CLK 500 convertible. A third person in Nic Radev's entourage was driving a light green 2000 Toyota Camry CSI sedan parked directly in front of his Mercedes Benz near the corner of Queen & Reynard Streets, Coburg also witnessed the murder. 
Victoria Police told "The Age" that they believed his death was planned by a father and son drug manufacturing team, and a hitman suspected of four other murders carried out the killing in a red Ford Falcon XR6 Turbo sedan. His associates Damien Cossu and Alfonso Traglia were with Radev at the time of the murder but claimed they could not identify the gunman, and were subsequently named by police as 'persons of interest'.
Despite only having worked for eight months during the 1980s at a fish and chip shop, Radev was killed wearing Versace clothing and a $20,000 watch, and was buried in a gold-plated coffin.
Victoria Police suspected Andrew Veniamin and Carl Williams were behind the killing.
He was portrayed by Don Hany in the Australian TV series Underbelly and the subsequent telemovie .

</doc>
<doc id="2934077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934077" title="Kevin Brown (rugby league)">
Kevin Brown (rugby league)

Kevin Brown (born 2 October 1984) is an English professional rugby league footballer for Widnes of Super League. Previously Huddersfield's captain, Kevin is an England international representative at centre or stand-off half, he previously played for Wigan.
Former Thatto Heath Crusaders, Haydock Warriors, Pilkington Recs and Blackbrook youngster, Kevin Brown played for Wigan's academy in 2002 and 2003. His form in 2003 was so strong that he received a call-up to Wigan's senior squad, scoring his first tries for the first team with a hat-trick against Halifax. 
Kevin was called up into the 2002 England Academy squad that beat the Australian Schoolboys in winter 2002. Kevin had been included in the stand-by squad, but got his chance following the failure of Hull centre Kirk Yeaman to recover from a shoulder injury. 
Kevin was selected for the Super League U21s squad to face the National League U21s in June 2003. Shortly afterwards, Wigan acknowledged the player's tremendous potential by extending his contract until the end of 2005. Wigan coach Stuart Raper commented: "I am delighted Kevin has re-signed as he is a big part of my future plans." 
Brown became a first team regular in 2004 and 2005, and despite injury and shaky form, he signed a new deal in July 2005 keeping him at Wigan until the end of the 2007 season. 
Newly appointed head coach Ian Millward commented: "Kevin is still only 20 and a very exciting player. He is still improving and as he gets better, which I am sure he will, he will be an important part of our attack."
In late 2006 Kevin Brown joined Huddersfield on loan and on 19 August it was announced that Kevin would leave Wigan and sign a 3-year contract with Huddersfield.
In June 2007 Brown was called up to the Great Britain squad for the Test match against France 
He was selected to play for England against France in the one-off test in 2010.
Brown has signed a contract with Widnes from the 2013 season.

</doc>
<doc id="2934078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934078" title="Motu Tony">
Motu Tony

Iosefo Motu Tony (born 29 May 1981 in Saleimoa, Samoa) is a retired professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s. A New Zealand international representative utility back or hooker, he previously played in the National Rugby League for the Auckland and Brisbane clubs before playing in Super League for English clubs Wakefield Trinity, Castleford, Hull (with whom he won the 2005 Challenge Cup) and Whitehaven.
Background.
Tony attended De La Salle College where he played for the First XIII rugby league team. He played for the Marist Saints in the Auckland Rugby League competition before being signed by the New Zealand Warriors. He played for the Marist-Richmond Brothers in the 2000 Bartercard Cup and also toured Australia with the New Zealand Residents that year.
Professional playing career.
National Rugby League.
Tony made his professional debut for the New Zealand Warriors in 2001. He went on to play 55 games for the club, including his appearance at five-eighth in the Warriors' 2002 NRL grand final loss to the Sydney Roosters. In 2004 he moved to the Brisbane Broncos but only played in three games for the club before leaving to play in Super League.
Super League.
Tony initially played for English club Castleford. In 2005 he joined Hull. Tony played fullback for Hull in the 2005 Challenge Cup final, scoring a try in the victory against Leeds Rhinos. He was part of the New Zealand side that won the Gillette Tri-Nations in 2005, beating Australia in the final 24–0. 
Hull reached the 2006 Super League Grand final to be contested against St Helens RLFC and Tony played on the wing in his side's 4-26 loss.
He played in 109 games for Hull before crossing codes to play for National 2 (North) Rugby Union club Hull RUFC. Following the end of the Rugby union season Tony signed for Whitehaven. Tony had represented the New Zealand Kiwis 18 times between 2001 and 2006.
In 2008 he chose to represent Samoa and was named in the Samoa training squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup but withdrew due to injury.
In July 2010 it was announced that Tony had signed for a 1 month trial with Championship union side Nottingham Rugby.
On 28 October 2010, Super League club Wakefield Trinity announced the signing of Tony. On 12 June 2010, Tony made his debut for Trinity at fullback in their 13–10 home victory over Huddersfield.
References.
7.http://wakefieldwildcats.co.uk/2010/10/wildcats-capture-kiwi-international/

</doc>
<doc id="2934081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934081" title="ZBM">
ZBM

ZBM may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2934091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934091" title="Sean O'Loughlin">
Sean O'Loughlin

Sean O'Loughlin is an English professional rugby league footballer who captains Wigan of Europe's Super League. A Great Britain and England international representative , and , he has played his entire career to date with Wigan, with whom he captained to 2010's Super League XV Championship and 2011 Challenge Cup. In an injury hit end to the 2013 season, O'Loughlin was passed fit for both the 16-0 Challenge Cup Final win over Hull FC and the 30-16 comeback victory over Warrington Wolves in the Super League Grand Final. 
Background.
Sean O'Loughlin was born 24 November 1982 in Wigan, England. 
O'Loughlin's dad, Keiron, and uncle, Kevin, both played more than 250 games for Wigan in the 1970s. His father Keiron O'Loughlin also featured in the 1983-84 Challenge Cup final for the Widnes side which achieved victory over Wigan. It was the Wigan-based amateur club Wigan St. Patrick's ARLFC which gave Sean his first experience of competitive rugby league. He had already gained international experience as part of the 2001 Great Britain Academy of Australia, a product of the Wigan academy, for whom he started playing in under-19s matches in 2001, and continued to do so in 2002. During his time at the academy, O'Loughlin played in a variety of positions, including a game against Wakefield Trinity in the senior academy championships where he played at scoring two tries, and another against Hull Kingston Rovers where he scored a try playing at .
In 2002, he also featured in two matches during the cross-code Middlesex Sevens tournament, playing at in a team composed of both Wigan and Orrell R.U.F.C. players. Because of this, O'Loughlin remains one of only a handful of rugby league players ever to play at Twickenham, the home of English rugby union, along with those in the St Helens, Bradford and Huddersfield teams who competed in the 2001 and 2006 Challenge Cup finals.
Professional playing career.
2000s.
O'Loughlin made his breakthrough into the Wigan first team under head coach Stuart Raper during 2002's Super League VII. His first experience in the first team came as an substitute wearing jersey No. 22 during Wigan's 18–20 home defeat by Hull. Two weeks later, O'Loughlin scored his first tries for the club as an substitute against Warrington, and subsequently appeared in six consecutive appearances from the bench. He made his first starting appearance for Wigan during a 16–41 away victory against Warrington, when he was called upon to replace his injured brother-in-law, Andy Farrell.
On that night, O'Loughlin played at , which would eventually become his most natural position, but during his first season he played in no less than three positions. After returning from the Middlesex Sevens event where he played , he made another starting appearance against Warrington, this time at . He also started, and scored a try, at against Leeds. However, in general O'Loughlin's first season mostly saw him come into the match as an interchange, starting in only five of the twenty-one appearances he made throughout the whole of the league season. Also in 2002 he was named as captain of the England A squad that faced New Zealand in November and later toured Fiji and Tonga. He made 3 appearances on the tour and was sent off and sin-binned in the same match against Fiji. He was named as captain of the 2003 England A squad to face Australia and in the European Nations Cup. Sean also gained his first senior representative honour when he represented Lancashire in the 2003 Origin match. 
O'Loughlin played for the Wigan Warriors at stand-off half back in the 2003 Super League Grand Final which was lost to the Bradford Bulls.
O'Loughlin played loose forward for most of 2004 with Andrew Farrell moving to prop forward as cover for injuries. During the season he impressed many people earning himself a new contract and a call up to the Great Britain squad for the first time for the 2004 Tri-Nations series. He made his debut off the bench against Australia and his first full appearance in the following match against New Zealand. 
2005 was not a good year for O'Loughlin despite making an impressive start to the season on March 2005 he suffered a serious knee injury that kept him out for the rest of the season. Sean returned to the first team in 2006 and was announced as captain by coach Ian Millward, however he received some criticism from fans for his lack of leadership on the field which was highlighted by Wigan’s poor form at the start of the season. The poor start to the season left Wigan bottom of the Super League and led to the sacking of Ian Millward who was replaced by Brian Noble. 
O'Loughlin showed a dramatic improvement under Noble, many people credited Sean for his defensive work and at the end of the season he was Wigan’s top tackler. His performance in 2006 earned him a recall into the Great Britain squad for the mid season international with New Zealand at Knowsley Road, St Helens which Great Britain won. Also at the end of season he was selected in the squad for the 2006 Tri-Nations in Australia, playing in Great Britain's opening defeat by New Zealand but playing an important role in Great Britain's victory over Australia. He missed Great Britain's 34-4 defeat by New Zealand with a muscle strain.
With O'Loughlin's contract expiring at the end of 2006 he was linked with a move to new Australian NRL side Gold Coast for most of the season but in November 2006 he signed a new two deal with Wigan keeping him at the club until 2008. O'Loughlin was forced to rule himself out contention for the England training squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup through injury. Likewise he was forced to withdraw from the 2009 Four Nations English squad before the commencement of the series.
2010s.
The 2010 season saw Sean O'Loughlin noted for his hard work rate, topping most if not all stats. He has been the player of the month twice in 2010 and been in the Super League dream team a record 27 times in total. He was selected to play for England against France in the one-off test, and was seen as a contender for the 2010 Man of Steel Award but missed out on a nomination. However, eventual winner and fellow team-mate Pat Richards paid credit to his contribution upon receiving his nomination.
O'Loughlin captained Wigan in the 2011 Challenge Cup Final at loose forward, helping defeat Leeds 28-18.
O'Loughlin was the first captain to lead Wigan to the modern day double winning both the Super League title and Challenge Cup in 2013. 
Club honours whilst SOL has been captain.
2010 - Super League Champions & League Leader's Shield Winner.
2011 - Challenge Cup Winners.
2012 - League Leader's Shield Winner.
2013 - Super League Champions & Challenge Cup Winners.

</doc>
<doc id="2934106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934106" title="Radio Farda">
Radio Farda

Radio Farda is the Iranian Branch of the US congress-funded Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty's (RFE/RL) broadcast services. It broadcasts 24 hours a day in the Persian language from its headquarters Prague, Czech Republic. on 1.575 MW.Radio Farda first aired December 2002. Radio Farda broadcasts political, cultural, social, and art news with an emphasis on Iran. The name "Farda" means "tomorrow" in Persian. Radio Farda's broadcasts have been continually blocked by Iranian authorities over the history of its programming.
On Radio Farda.
Jay Solomon of the Wall Street Journal published a feature story on the challenges Radio Farda faces from an increasingly repressive Iranian regime as well as those in Washington who seek a tougher line on Iran. A few challenges he highlights are Radio Farda journalists being unjustly convicted of crimes against the state, and millions of dollars spent on jamming Radio Farda broadcasts. He also goes into detail about the fine line Radio Farda must walk to present itself as objective and accurate news source to its audience even though it is congressionally funded through the Broadcasting Board of Governors.
An Iranian-American journalist working for Radio Farda, Parnaz Azima, was banned from leaving Iran after her trip to the country. She had entered Iran to visit her ailing mother. She was jailed in May 2007 and released in August. Her passport was returned to her on a 550,000 U.S. Dollar bail.
History.
Radio Farda was established in 2003 as a joint effort of RFE/RL and Voice of America (VOA). In 2007, the Broadcasting Board of Governors (BBG) decided to consolidate all of Radio Farda's operations under RFE/RL. Then in July 2008, RFE/RL assumed sole responsibility for all Radio Farda programming.
In 2009 Radio Farda's SMS system, Facebook and Twitter profiles were launched. Farda's audience sends thousands of voice, text and e-mail messages and comments frequently on the website and Facebook page. Radio Farda Facebook page has over 25,000 friends.
Media Environment In Iran.
Following two weeks of large-scale protests during the June 12th Iranian elections authorities severely restricted the broadcasts of RFE/RL's Persian Service. 
Being one of the least free media environments in the world, Iran ranks 185th out of 195 in Freedom House's "Freedom of the Press 2009" report, behind countries like Sudan, Saudi Arabia, and Tajikistan. In the wake of mass public protests following June's disputed presidential elections, the Iranian government stepped up its efforts to control internet services and other forms of electronic communication, including broadcasts from Radio Farda, which remain illegal in the country.
Radio Farda Awards.
Radio Farda web editor Fred Petrossians won a media award from Think Social for an internet-based project he co-founded that seeks to spread awareness of bloggers' rights in Iran and other countries with unfree media.
Iranian-born Radio Farda journalist Ahmad Rafat, now a well-known reporter based in Italy, has been honored for his more than 30 years of work advocating press freedom and exposing human rights abuses. The 2008 Ilaria Alpi award was presented by the Italian chapter of Reporters Without Borders to Rafat at a June 7 ceremony in Riccione, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="2934114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934114" title="Charlevoix Airport">
Charlevoix Airport

Charlevoix Airport is located south southwest of La Malbaie, in the Charlevoix-Est Regional County Municipality of Quebec, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2934118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934118" title="Chevery Airport">
Chevery Airport

Chevery Airport is located on the north-eastern shore of the Gulf of Saint Lawrence, Quebec, Canada in the town of Chevery. It is uncontrolled but has an automated weather observation system (AWOS).

</doc>
<doc id="2934119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934119" title="Chibougamau/Chapais Airport">
Chibougamau/Chapais Airport

Chibougamau/Chapais Airport is located southwest of Chibougamau, Quebec, Canada, or about halfway to Chapais along Route 113.
Incidents.
On October 25, 2007 at approximately 0900 local. A Beech King Air 100A operating as "Cree" 501 crashed on approach into Chibougamau (CYMT). Both pilots were fatally injured. No passengers were on board. Speculations as to the cause of the accident was the visibility at the airport. It was 1.5SM and a ceiling of 500 feet.

</doc>
<doc id="2934120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934120" title="Stephen Kearney">
Stephen Kearney

Stephen Peter Kearney, ONZM (born 11 June 1972) is a professional rugby league football coach and former player. He was the former head coach of the New Zealand national rugby league team and is the current assistant coach at the Brisbane Broncos, and was previously the head coach of the Parramatta Eels in the NRL, before he was sacked due to poor results. As a player he spent most of his career, which spanned from the early '90s to the mid-2000s and included an NRL premiership and a Challenge Cup win as well as time spent as the captain of the New Zealand team, in the second row position.
Playing career.
A Kapiti Bears junior, Kearney played for the Junior Kiwis between 1989 and 1991, becoming the side's captain for the 1991 series against Great Britain. He made his senior debut in 1991 for the Randwick Kingfishers and also played for Wellington that year. Randwick lost the Wellington Rugby League Grand Final 6-14 to the Wainuiomata Lions.
Turning professional he moved to Australia to play for the Western Suburbs Magpies in 1992 in what is now the NSWRL Premiership. In 1993 he became the New Zealand Kiwis's youngest test captain, aged 21. He left the Magpies at the end of 1994, returning home to play for the Auckland Warriors in their inaugural season. At the end of that season he traveled to England to represent New Zealand in the 1995 World Cup. He missed the first test match against a re-unified Australian team in 1998 due to suspension. Kearney remained a Warrior until 1998, when he moved to Australia to join the Melbourne Storm. In the Melbourne club's second ever season Kearney played at second-row forward in their victory in the 1999 NRL Grand Final. Kearney was selected for the New Zealand team to compete in the end of season 1999 Rugby League Tri-Nations tournament. In the final against Australia he played at second-row forward in the Kiwis' 22-20 loss.
Having won the 1999 Premiership, the Melbourne Storm traveled to England to contest the 2000 World Club Challenge against Super League Champions St Helens RLFC, with Kearney playing at second-row forward in the victory. In 2002 Kearney missed the series-deciding match against Great Britain as he had to rush back home to Melbourne to be with his sick five-year-old daughter, who needed emergency surgery. While captaining the Storm in 2004, Kearney became the first New Zealand footballer to play 250 Australian first-grade matches. He also played his last test match for the Kiwis in 2004, in a game that marked the debut of Sonny Bill Williams. Kearney finished his playing career with English club Hull in Europe's Super League competition, playing in their 2005 Challenge Cup-winning side.
Coaching career.
In 2006 Kearney retired and returned to Australia to take up a role as assistant coach at his old club, the Melbourne Storm, under Craig Bellamy. In 2008 Kearney was appointed as the New Zealand Kiwis' head coach on a two-year contract.
Kearney (with assistant Wayne Bennett) coached the Kiwis to their first World Cup win on 22 November 2008, at Suncorp Stadium in Brisbane, defeating Australia 34–20. As a result he was made an Officer of the New Zealand Order of Merit in the Queen's Birthday honours list.
For the 2010 Anzac Test, Kearney coachd New Zealand in their loss against Australia. In the 2010 post-season Kearney was announced as Daniel Anderson's replacement as head coach of the Parramatta Eels for three years beginning in 2011. Shortly after that, he took the Kiwis to victory in the 2010 Four Nations final against Australia.
In 2011 he failed to coach the Parramatta NRL team to any success, with the Eels achieving just 6 wins and 1 draw in 24 matches, and only just missing out on the wooden spoon when they beat the Gold Coast Titans in the last game of the regular season.
Things didn't get any better for Kearney in the 2012 NRL season. With the Eels struggling in last place on the NRL ladder after 16 rounds, Melbourne Storm's inaugural coach, and two time premiership winning coach Chris Anderson was appointed as a mentor to Stephen Kearney to help him turn the club's fortunes around. However this did not eventuate as Kearney was eventually forced to resign only three rounds later on 20 July, after achieving only 3 wins from 19 matches in the season. He left the Eels with just 10 wins from 42 matches, for a modest winning percentage of 24 percent.
In October 2012 Kearney signed 2 years as Brisbane Broncos assistant coach from 2013.
Legacy.
In 2012 Kearney was named as one of the New Zealand Rugby League's Legends of League. He was also named in the Wellington Rugby League's Team of the Century.

</doc>
<doc id="2934124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934124" title="Chicoutimi/Saint-Honoré Aerodrome">
Chicoutimi/Saint-Honoré Aerodrome

Chicoutimi/Saint-Honoré Aerodrome , is located east southeast of Saint-Honoré and approximately from Chicoutimi in Quebec, Canada.
History.
The site, north of the Saguenay River, was selected by the Royal Canadian Air Force in the summer of 1941 and construction began shortly thereafter with the aerodrome opening in June 1942 as RCAF Station St-Honoré. It was operated as a sub-base to RCAF Station Bagotville and supported pilot training during the Second World War under the British Commonwealth Air Training Plan. It was closed on January 5, 1945 and was subsequently transferred to the local community after it ceased to have a military purpose; RCAF Station Bagotville was reactivated in 1951 as a training and operational base and continues to this day as CFB Bagotville.

</doc>
<doc id="2934126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934126" title="YML">
YML

YML is:

</doc>
<doc id="2934131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934131" title="YMT">
YMT

YMT may refer to:
Ymt or ymt may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="2934136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934136" title="Kevin Gall">
Kevin Gall

Kevin Alexander Gall (born 4 February 1982) is a Welsh former footballer.
Gall, a former Welsh under-21 international, started his career with Newcastle United, before signing for Bristol Rovers. After 50 league games for Rovers he moved on to Yeovil Town in 2003. He spent three years at Yeovil, before joining Carlisle United in 2006. He had loan spells at Darlington, Lincoln City, and Port Vale, before joining Darlington permanently in 2009. He then had one year spells at York City and Wrexham, before a brief spell in the US with FC Dallas. He returned to England to play for Workington in September 2011, before moving on to Guiseley the following month. He joined Stockport Sports in December 2012.
Club career.
Born in Merthyr Tydfil, Gall played for Cardiff City as a trainee before signing for Newcastle United in 1997, who had to pay Cardiff £150,000 in compensation. With limited opportunities at Newcastle, he attenteded a trial at Lilleshall, where he was offered a contract by Bristol Rovers. He signed on a short-term contract, before making the deal permanent in March 2001. He played at Rovers for two seasons. He moved on to Yeovil Town in 2003, where he played in midfield, as opposed to his usual role as a striker. In an FA Cup match against Charlton Athletic, Gall ran half the pitch to set up a goal for Paul Terry. Even though Yeovil lost that match 3–2, Gall received the Performance of the Round Award the following week. Gall was released by Yeovil in May 2006, before signing for Carlisle United on a two-year contract in June. He scored his first league goal against his former club Yeovil.
On 28 January 2008 he joined League Two side Darlington on a one-month loan. His loan was extended for a second month in February, and in March he stated he was interested in signing permanently. In March, Gall had a trial with Major League Soccer club Toronto FC, but he rejected their offer after failing to agree terms. On 28 July, Gall joined Lincoln City on a five-month loan deal, but failed to score in his time at Sincil Bank and returned to Carlisle at the start of 2009. On 24 February, he was loaned out to Port Vale, and manager Dean Glover hoped Gall's pace and tenacity would help resurrect some of Vale's season. Despite not scoring in his seven games, Glover was keen to extend Gall's loan, however a calf injury ruled out this option for the cash strapped club. He was released by Carlisle at the end of the 2008–09 season and he had a trial with former club Yeovil in July. During the week before Darlington's game against his former club Port Vale, at the weekend on 22 August 2009, it was announced that the club had signed Gall on a free transfer. He left the bottom placed club in October 2009, having scored twice in 12 games.
Gall signed for Conference Premier team York City on a contract until January 2010 on 10 November, making his debut as a 70th minute substitute in a 3–2 victory over Chester City. He scored his first goal in a 4–1 victory over Hayes & Yeading United in January 2010 after entering the game as a 60th minute substitute. He later extended his contract until the end of the 2009–10 season. He finished the season with nine appearances and one goal for York and the club announced that he would be released when his contract expired on 30 June.
He agreed to sign for Conference Premier team Wrexham on 1 July and he made his debut as a 90th minute substitute in a 1–0 victory over Cambridge United on 14 August. His first start for the club came in a 2–0 victory at Bath City on 30 August. However manager Dean Saunders changed the playing system, leaving Gall in the reserves. He therefore agreed to have his contract cancelled in January 2011.
In March 2011, Gall flew to the United States and signed a short deal with FC Dallas, but returned to Britain after he was denied a visa. He joined Workington in September 2011 in what was described as a "major transfer coup" for manager Darren Edmondson, making his debut as a substitute in the club's 3–0 Conference North defeat to Hyde at Borough Park on 10 September. After just four games and 314 minutes on the pitch for the "Reds", Gall signed a contract with league rivals Guiseley the following month. His stay with the "Lions" was also brief, and he left the club after just five league appearances.
On 28 December 2012, he signed for Stockport Sports, debuting the following day in a 2–0 home North West Counties League victory over Congleton Town.
International career.
Gall is a former Wales schoolboy, youth and under-21 international. He was called into the under-21 team for the game against Norway in September 2001, and a training camp in April 2002. He made his under-21 debut in November, scoring against Azerbaijan in a 1–0 victory, which was the team's first victory in 26 games.
Style of play.
Gall plays as a striker, although he is versatile and is also able to play as a winger.
Personal life.
Gall is a devout Christian and from January 2010 onwards underwent 40 hours of tattooing to cover both his arms with religious and other symbols including Jesus, a Bible and the Virgin Mary.
Honours.
Yeovil Town

</doc>
<doc id="2934144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934144" title="Exsedol Folmo">
Exsedol Folmo

The character was voiced by Ryūsuke Ōbayashi in the original 1982 Japanese animated TV series. In the 2006 ADV Films Dub he was voiced by Andy McAvin.
According to the fictional continuity of "Macross", Exsedol is an alien Zentradi records keeping officer (a walking living encyclopedia) attached to fleet commander Britai Kridanik, and would always be seen at the side of his superior during Space War I giving advice. He is a "Zem" First Class "Archivist" Official in the Britai Fleet and his memory capacity is said to surpass any electronic device that ever existed, as he keeps details of every combat in the entire 500,000 year old Zentradi history for instant recall. During their first contact with the humans and upon their discovery that they were miclones, Exsedol advised that they should be left alone, quoting an ancient Zentradi battle directive. However, this particular piece of advice was ignored by his superiors.
Much later, when the Britai fleet had decided to defect to the humans side, he was micloned and sent to the Macross as a peace envoy. When the war ended and UN Spacy was re-established he joined up as an advisor. Some time later, he reverted to his larger size and his body went through major alterations as a precaution against him losing the trove of information lying in his mind, which explains his altered appearance in the later "Macross" productions.
Other appearances.
Exsedol appeared in the movie "", also as a Zentradi advisor who becomes a defector to the human side. However, his appearance was radically redesigned, with a bald, swollen head, green skin, a cloak covering his body, and retractable tendrils for arms.
This design was carried over to his subsequent appearance in the TV series "Macross 7", with some slight differences, namely that he has a blue collar, green tendrils, and a slightly darker skin tone. Exsedol in "Macross 7" is also rarely seen without a hemispherical cap on his cranium, usually connected to the ceiling.
When the "Macross 7" launched, Exsedol joined Cpt. Maximilian Jenius as an advisor aboard the "Battle 7", and was a great source of information on the new and unknown (to the humans) enemy, the Protodeviln, though in earlier episodes Exsedol's instinctive terror of the Protodevlin gets the better of him, and he prefers to hide away from the new enemy.
For the entire series, Exsedol is depicted as being at full Zentradi size, initially with his head sticking up through an opening in the bridge floor, close to where Cpt. Jenius sits; several other such openings are seen to exist in the ship, so that Exsedol can participate in military conferences. Sometimes the animation depicts Exsedol as much larger than his original Zentradi form, but that could be attributed to variance in the artwork.
Episode 37 of "Macross 7", "The Mystery of the Ruins?" also depicts Exsedol walking outside for the first time since the colony fleet launched, in order to investigate ancient "Protoculture" ruins. Later episodes have him leaving the "Battle 7" for the science ship "Einstein", where he sits among the crew instead of underneath the floor.
An unnamed Zentradi advisor who greatly resembled the Macross 7 Exsedol also appeared in episodes 12 and 13 of the Macross Frontier TV series. A human and Zentradi mall seen in episode 5 of "Macross Frontier" was also dubbed "Folmo".
Character Notes.
The original in-story explanation for the character’s new appearance was that Exsedol had been physically modified between series, presumably from his original design. This was found in the liner notes for the "Macross 7" DVDs: “Although he was Micloned at one time, he purportedly returned to his former Zentradi size and realtered his body makeup for fear of losing his cerebral capacity and memories”. Many flashbacks to the original series in later Macross productions featured the new design for Exsedol.
Kawamori described the relation between the different depictions of Space War I: "The real Macross is out there, somewhere. If I tell the story in the length of a TV series, it looks one way, and if I tell it as a movie-length story, it's organized another way." According to him, the changes in the appearance of Exsedol Folmo in the different Macross series is due to them being all equally fictional and open to changes in the style and design of their plot and characters.

</doc>
<doc id="2934146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934146" title="Chisasibi Airport">
Chisasibi Airport

Chisasibi Airport is located northwest of Chisasibi, Quebec, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2934151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2934151" title="Chutes-des-Passes/Lac Margane Water Aerodrome">
Chutes-des-Passes/Lac Margane Water Aerodrome

Chutes-des-Passes/Lac Margane Water Aerodrome , is located on Lac Margane, Quebec, Canada and is open from the middle of May until November.

</doc>
