<doc id="2889982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889982" title="Reid Highway">
Reid Highway

Reid Highway is a 23 kilometre east-west highway and partial freeway in the northern suburbs of Perth, Western Australia, linking North Beach with Middle Swan. As part of State Route 3, it forms half of Perth's outer ring road along with Roe Highway, which it joins onto at its eastern terminus.
The highway has many variable speed limits and road conditions along its length, but is predominantly a four-lane dual carriageway with a 90 km/h speed limit. An 8 kilometre section, between Erindale Road and Malaga Drive, is a continuous freeway. In conjunction with Tonkin Highway, it serves as an important arterial connection between Perth's coastal and eastern suburbs, industrial areas and Perth Airport.
History.
Reid Highway was initially proposed in the late 1960s as the "North Perimeter Highway", and a small two-lane section was built in early 1986 between Erindale Road and the-then newly extended Mitchell Freeway. In 1989 it was subsequently renamed "Reid Highway", in honour of former Western Australia Governor Gordon Reid.
The next section was built between Alexander Drive and Malaga Drive, and was opened on 6 September 1991. A segment linking Malaga Drive to Tonkin Highway opened later that year, on 11 November 1991, with further extensions west to Mirrabooka Avenue and east to Beechboro Road opening two months later, on 11 February 1992.
The highway was further extended with the section between Mirrabooka Avenue and Wanneroo Road, which opened on 17 November 1994. The highway was finally made continuous on 6 September 1996 with the opening of the Erindale Road–Wanneroo Road segment. A short time later, it was extended eastwards to West Swan Road. This section, which opened on 25 November 1996, provided a connection to Great Northern Highway and Roe Highway via Middle Swan Road, an existing local road.
In 2001, the highway was extended west from Mitchell Freeway to Marmion Avenue as a two-lane divided carriageway, which opened on 30 July. This extension was highly controversial as it passes through the environmentally sensitive Carine wetlands and the Lake Carine region, which includes a vital turtle habitat. Concerns about environmental damage prompted construction delays, and slight alterations to the route.
Criticism of the quality and capacity of the highway has also been an issue. Reid Highway in Westminster (between Wanneroo Road and Mirrabooka Avenue) has no street lighting and has attracted both antisocial behaviour and a number of accidents. The stretch between Beechboro Road and West Swan Road has been similarly criticised, and the area east of the Mitchell Freeway is prone to heavy congestion due to its limited capacity as a two-lane single carriageway.
A four-lane dual carriageway extension of Reid Highway from West Swan Road to Great Northern Highway and Roe Highway was opened on the 26th of February 2010, completing State Route 3 as a highway-grade ring road around Perth. The extension runs parallel to Middle Swan Road, which has been retained as a local access road. Middle Swan Road is of a relatively poor standard and capacity, and is viewed as a safety blackspot.
In 2011, the highway's traffic-light intersections at Alexander Drive and Mirrabooka Avenue were both upgraded to diamond interchanges, with bridges being constructed to carry highway traffic. Along with the similarly grade-separated Wanneroo Road interchange, this completed an 8 kilometre section of grade-separated, free traffic flow between the industrial estates of Balcatta and Malaga.
Future works.
The at Lord Street is going to be upgraded to a traffic light controlled intersection, with four through lanes and improved turning lanes on Reid Highway.
The RAC has lobbied for continued improvements to Reid Highway, by grade-separating the Malaga Drive intersection and making the highway a dual carriageway for its entire length. The WA State Government initially did not commit to further major upgrades, instead funding an upgrade to the turning lanes at the Malaga Drive intersection. In December 2012, the State Government announced that the Malaga Drive intersection would be grade separated by 2014-15, with work commencing in 2013-14. The project will use the same diamond interchange design that was constructed at Alexander Drive and Mirrabooka Avenue in 2011.
The Mitchell Freeway diamond interchange will be upgraded with extra turning lanes and traffic lights. The project is an interim solution to lower congestion, and reduce the volume of traffic using local roads to avoid the interchange. The longer term plan is to upgrade Reid Highway to a dual carriageway between Duffy Road South and Erindale Road, including a second overpass bridge, which is scheduled for construction in 2014-15. The dual carriageway works will also include upgrading the Duffy Road intersection.
Route description.
Reid Highway runs between Marmion Avenue, North Beach, and Great Northern Highway, Middle Swan, where it becomes Roe Highway. West of Marmion Avenue, the highway becomes North Beach Road (West).
Most junctions on the highway are at-grade, with all crossroad intersections traffic light controlled and most T junctions not controlled by traffic lights. The exceptions are Wanneroo Road, Mirrabooka Avenue and Alexander Drive, which are grade-separated diamond interchanges, and Okley Road and Tonkin Highway, which are traffic light controlled T junctions. The intersection with Tonkin Highway is unusual in that Tonkin Highway, which continues as Reid Highway west of the intersection, is the continuous section of the T junction. To continue travelling on Reid Highway, one must turn left (eastbound) or right (westbound) at the intersection. Middle Swan Road and Harris Road are left-in/left-out T junctions that connect via an underpass. They are signposted as being "temporary access". Alternative access will be required in the future, as Reid Highway is planned to be upgraded to a six lane freeway.
Interchanges and intersections.
The entire highway is located in the Perth Metropolitan Region.

</doc>
<doc id="2889987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889987" title="Hasan Habib">
Hasan Habib

Hasan Habib (born 19 April, 1962 in Karachi, Pakistan) is a Pakistani American professional poker player.
During his early years in Pakistan, Habib was the Pakistan 14-and-under National Tennis Champion. Habib went to America at the age of 18 to study business at the University of Redlands. He also once owned a nationwide chain of video stores. He began playing casino poker in 1985, and had his first poker tournament cash in 1993. 
In 2004 he finished second to Martin De Knijff in the World Poker Tour (WPT) $25,000 Championship, receiving a $1,372,223 prize. Later in the year he finished on the television bubble at the WPT $15,000 Five-Diamond World Poker Classic, gaining a further $108,906. He eventually won a World Series of Poker bracelet for the $1,500 Seven Card Stud Hi-Lo Split event ($93,060) in 2004. 
The following year he made the final table of the $25,000 WPT Championship again. He finished in third place ($896,375), but also had a stake on eventual winner Tuan Le. Observers have commented that this may have affected the interaction between them on the final table, however Habib has made it clear he was still playing to win, citing that the endorsements would have made it more financially viable.
As of 2009, he has cashed fourteen times in the World Series of Poker (WSOP), including a 2nd place finish in $2,500 Omaha Hi-Lo Split event in 2000, and a 4th place finish in the $10,000 no limit Texas hold 'em Main Event in the same year, for which he took home $326,000. In September 2005, he won the opening No Limit Hold'em event of PokerStars' fourth annual World Championship of Online Poker, taking home $306,000. 
In 2010, Habib finished 4th at the WPT Bay 101 Shooting Star Championship for $234,300. Habib also finished 14th in the 2010 WSOP Main Event for $500,165.
As of 2010, his total live tournament winnings to date exceed $5,100,000. His 18 cashes at the WSOP account for $1,401,417 of those winnings.
Habib currently resides in Downey, California.

</doc>
<doc id="2889996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889996" title="Triplet oxygen">
Triplet oxygen

Triplet oxygen (systematically named dioxidanediyl and dioxygen(2•)) is an inorganic chemical in a ground state, with the chemical formula . The electron configuration of the molecule has two unpaired electrons occupying two degenerate molecular orbitals. These orbitals are classified as antibonding, so the O-O bond is weaker than the N-N bond in molecular nitrogen, where all bonding molecular orbitals are filled.
Spin.
The s=1/2 spins of the two electrons in degenerate orbitals gives rise to 2x2=4 independent spin states in total. Exchange interaction splits these into a singlet state (total spin S=0) and a set of 3 degenerate triplet states (S=1). In agreement with Hund's rules, the triplet states are energetically more favorable, and the ground state of the molecule carries an electron spin of S=1. Excitation to the S=0 state results in much more reactive, metastable singlet oxygen.
Because the molecule in its ground state has a non-zero spin magnetic moment, oxygen is paramagnetic; i.e., it can be attracted to the poles of a magnet. The Lewis structure O=O does not accurately represent the diradical nature of molecular oxygen; molecular orbital theory must be used to adequately account for the unpaired electrons. Triplet oxygen is better described by a bond order of one and two halves instead of two to better reflect its unpaired bonding electrons. This allows for easier reasoning of the bond length.
Reaction.
The unusual electron configuration prevents molecular oxygen from reacting directly with many other molecules, which are often in the singlet state. Triplet oxygen will, however, readily react with molecules in a doublet state, such as radicals, to form a new radical. Conservation of spin quantum number would require a triplet transition state in a reaction of triplet oxygen with a closed shell (a molecule in a singlet state). The extra energy required is sufficient to prevent direct reaction at ambient temperatures with all but the most reactive substrates, e.g. white phosphorus. At higher temperatures or in the presence of suitable catalysts the reaction proceeds more readily. For instance, most flammable substances are characterised by an autoignition temperature at which they will undergo combustion in air without an external flame or spark.
Hazard.
Singlet oxygen, where the electron spins are opposed in a higher energy state, is many times more reactive than triplet oxygen, and extremely hazardous to organic matter. It is used for the extermination of heavy infestations of persistent pests in houses and buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="2889998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889998" title="Mary White College">
Mary White College

Mary White College is a residential college at the University of New England (UNE), Australia, established in 1957. 
The College was named after Mary White of Saumarez, a member of the Advisory Council of the then New England University College from its inception in 1938 until her death in 1948. Born in 1882, she was also noted as a photographer and woodcarver. 
The College opened in March 1958, originally an all-girls college, though it has subsequently become co-educational. Blocks 1, 2 and 3 were fully completed by March 1959. A fourth block, with the Basement Common Room, was added in June, 1963 and a fifth block, with a new dining hall, was added in 1967. A further two blocks were built for the 1989 intake. Starting in 2010, in excess of $6 million in renovations have been completed on blocks 1, 2 and 3, as well as the common areas and Basement Common Room. The College currently provides accommodation for over 200 residents with a choice of nine different rooms types. The College has its own commercial kitchen and dining hall, providing three meals a day for students as well as corporate catering for external clients.
Within the college system on the campus, Mary White College is the college situated closest to the University, being less than 100 metres to some lecture theatres. This also makes it the most popular with external students who attend residential schools, as they often do not have their own vehicles. People attending conferences and international delegates also are common at the College.
The College colours are green, white and black. The coat of arms, designed by Architect John Stephen Mansfield, has three white roses, a variation on the university's coat of arms, which has three red roses. The College's motto is "Ad Humanitatem", Latin for "Towards Human Understanding" or "For Humanity".
The College is involved in most extracurricular activities that UNE provides, including the President's Trophy and Mary Bagnall Trophy sporting competitions, and the Sir Frank Kitto cultural competition. The College also fields teams in club sports including hockey, netball, soccer and waterpolo.
The current Head of College is Mr Mick Alldis. Some of the College's well-known Alumni include Dame Bridget Ogilvie AC DBE FRS, an Australian and British scientist, and Cr Alice Glachan, Mayor of Albury.

</doc>
<doc id="2890002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890002" title="Mary Anderson (actress, born 1918)">
Mary Anderson (actress, born 1918)

Mary Anderson (April 3, 1920 – April 6, 2014) was an American actress, who appeared in 31 films and 22 television productions between 1939 and 1965. She was best known for her small supporting role in the iconic film Gone With the Wind.
Early life.
Mary B. "Bebe" Anderson was born and raised in Birmingham, Alabama. She attended Howard College (now Samford University).
Her younger brother James Anderson (1921-1969) was also an actor.
Career.
After two uncredited roles, she made her first important screen appearance in "Gone With the Wind" (1939). After auditioning for the part of Scarlett O'Hara, she received the supporting role of Maybelle Merriweather.
In 1944, she played Alice the nurse, one of the ten characters in the Alfred Hitchcock film "Lifeboat". Ending her film career in the early 1950s, she occasionally acted on television, for example as Catherine Harrington on "Peyton Place" in 1964 (episodes 2-20). She made a guest appearance in "Perry Mason" as Arlene Scott in "The Case of the Rolling Bones" (1958).
Personal life.
Anderson was married to Leonard M. Behrens from 1940 to 1950. Her second marriage was to cinematographer Leon Shamroy from 1953 until his death in 1974. They had one child, Anderson Alexander Shamroy, who died July 1, 1956 at the age of two months.
Death.
Mary Anderson died on April 6, 2014 in Burbank, California, three days after her 94th birthday. She was under hospice care and died peacefully in a condo in Toluca Lake that she shared with her long-time companion, Gordon Carnon at her side. Her death leaves two surviving "Gone With the Wind" credited cast members. Those actors are Mickey Kuhn and Olivia de Havilland, who played the roles of Beau Wilkes and Melanie Hamilton, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="2890003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890003" title="Nathanael Gottfried Leske">
Nathanael Gottfried Leske

Nathanael Gottfried Leske (22 October 1751 in Muskau – 25 November 1786 in Marburg) was a German natural scientist and geologist.
After his studies at "Bergakademie" of Freiberg in Saxony and the "Franckeschen Stiftungen" in Halle, Leske became a special professor of natural history at the University of Leipzig in 1775.
From 1777-1786 he taught economics at this university, and in 1786 he was called to the chair of financial science and economics at the University of Marburg. However, he had a fatal accident on his way to Marburg.
Throughout his life Leske corresponded with his teacher and close friend of Abraham Gottlob Werner, famous geologist and mineralogist at Weimar. He also edited the "Leipziger Magazin zur Naturkunde, Mathematik und Oekonomie" (1781-1789) [http://www.izwt.uni-wuppertal.de/repertorium/MS/LeipzigerMagazin.html] with Christlieb Benedict Funk :de:Christlieb Benedict Funk and Carl Friedrich Hindenburg.
Leske possessed an extensive mineral and natural history collection called the Leskean Cabinet, which was arranged after his death by Dietrich Ludwig Gustav Karsten :de:Dietrich Ludwig Gustav Karsten and later, in 1792, sold to the "Dublin Society". The collection included other natural history specimens many from the collections of Johann Friedrich Gmelin and Johan Christian Fabricius.These specimens are now in the National Museum of Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="2890007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890007" title="Nils Ericson Terminal">
Nils Ericson Terminal

The Nils Ericson Terminal is a major bus terminus in Gothenburg, Sweden. It is placed in the city centre just next to Gothenburg Central Station (Centralstationen), and across the street from the main Nordstan shopping centre. The main street and most hotels are within walking distance from the terminal.
The terminal serves the entire Västra Götaland County with bus traffic. Bus companies such as Säfflebussen, Swebus Express and Eurolines serve destinations such as Oslo, Stockholm, Copenhagen, Berlin, Hamburg and most countries in Europe. 
The bus terminal uses the modern system where buses arrive at gates and the passengers enter the buses directly from the air-conditioned terminal, much like in modern airports.
The terminal is named after Nils Ericson, a Swedish inventor and mechanical engineer.
The terminal was designed by the Norwegian architect, Nils Torp, and received the national Kasper Salin Prize in 1996. 

</doc>
<doc id="2890009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890009" title="Palm TX">
Palm TX

The Palm TX (written as "Palm T|X" in official documentation) was a personal digital assistant which was produced by Palm, Inc. It was announced and released as part of Palm's October 2005 product cycle, and was in production until March 2009. 
It succeeded the Tungsten T5 PDA. The TX marked Palm's discontinuation of "Tungsten" sub-branding for its high-end handhelds. It featured 802.11b Wi-Fi and Bluetooth wireless connectivity. It ran Palm OS Garnet, version 5.4.9. As Palm considered the LifeDrive to be separate from its PDA line, designating it as a "Mobile Manager", the TX was Palm's flagship PDA.
Hardware.
The Palm TX featured a 312 MHz ARM-based Intel XScale PXA 270 microprocessor; a 320x480 transreflective screen that supported 65,000 colors; 802.11b Wi-Fi with an internal antenna; 128 MB of non-volatile storage, of which 100 MB is user accessible; an SDIO and MMC compatible SD expansion card slot; standard 3.5 mm headphone jack; infrared I/O port; single speaker capable of full audio playback; and an Athena Connector, referred to as a 'Multiconnector,' with separate data and power input. Trickle charging is possible via USB data cable. 
The SD expansion card slot used 2 GB cards directly, and 4 GB capacity was usable if formatted to FAT32 with an included driver. The FAT32 driver was much slower than the FAT16 driver. Compatibility with the SDHC format could be achieved by a third party vendor add-on. To use the device as an mp3 player, it was generally necessary to use an SD card, as internal memory could not be used to store the associated mp3 files. However, it was possible to use a utility such as E2 Internal drive to use the internal memory as an SD card to store files.
Bluetooth connectivity was 1.1; the 1.2 indicated on some rear-panel stickers was erroneous.
Software.
The organizer applications received slight improvements. For example, each entry in the Contacts application had nine "Custom" fields, up from four in the T5. 
In addition to the basic organizer features, the built-in software for the TX included an email client (Versamail v3); Dataviz Documents To Go 7 Professional Edition; clients for Adobe Acrobat PDF, Microsoft Exchange, E Reader, Audible audiobook, Avvenu and MobiTV, and could also connect to Kerio Connect using the Exchange ActiveSync protocol; Pocket Tunes v3 MP3 player; Blazer (web browser) v4 from Palm; connection wizards for Bluetooth and Wifi, and a phone dialer. The Wifi utility could be used as a crude sniffer.

</doc>
<doc id="2890012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890012" title="Set decorator">
Set decorator

A set decorator is in charge of the set dressing on a film set and television set which includes the furnishings, drapery, lighting fixtures, artwork and many of the other objects that will be seen in the film. Props and Set Dressing items sometimes often overlap but are provided by different departments. Props are defined as items which are handled directly by actors, and discussions take place between set decorator and prop master in order to make sure that everything is being covered. The set decorator gives direction to their shoppers and to the leadman, who is in charge of the set dressers. The set decorator maintains a set dressing budget separate from the set budget or the prop budget and works on the overall look of the film or TV show. Set decorators are eligible to receive the Academy Award for Best Art Direction and the Art Director's Guild Award along with the production designer.

</doc>
<doc id="2890016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890016" title="Achintraid">
Achintraid

Achintraid () is a small remote crofting township, that is situated at the eastern end of the sea loch Loch Kishorn, in Strathcarron, Ross-shire, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.
The small hamlet of Ardarroch is located 0.25 miles northwest along the coast road.

</doc>
<doc id="2890017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890017" title="Artex">
Artex

Artex is a surface coating used for interior decorating, most often found on ceilings, which allows the decorator to add a texture to it. The name "Artex" is a trademark of Artex Ltd., a company based in the United Kingdom. The name is a genericised trademark often used to refer to similar products from other manufacturers. Since 2005, the company has belonged to France's Saint-Gobain group.
Description.
Artex differs from plaster in that it was marketed as a material intended to receive a textured finish, thus enabling a ceiling to be finished without plastering skills. It was very widely used in Britain in the 1970s, mainly with the familiar stippled and swirled patterns. Artex was also occasionally used on walls. 
One issue with Artex ceilings is that matching the pattern seamlessly when repairing is impossible. The poor appearance of repaired ceilings harmed its popularity. Furthermore, removal of Artex can be rather difficult.
Artex and health risks.
Until the mid-1980s, the Artex coating was made with white asbestos to strengthen it. This means that only old Artex manufactured by Artex Ltd. will contain asbestos and most probably any Artex applied after 1990 will not contain any harmful material whatsoever. It is also worth noting that the texture is only harmful when in a powder form, "i.e.", being sanded, and poses no risk whatsoever while it is undisturbed on ceilings or walls and covered with emulsion paint. 
Removing even more modern non-asbestos coatings can expose the operator to hazardous dust particles. Older coatings, containing asbestos, pose a particularly serious hazard. Inhaling microscopic asbestos fibers can cause asbestosis, a fibrosing lung disease; pleural mesothelioma; a cancer of the lining (pleura) of the lung; and peritoneal mesothelioma, a cancer of the lining (peritoneum) of the abdomen. Those removing the coating or working with a surface covered with it should wear effective dust-proof protective clothing and masks —— and the area being worked on should be sealed off. Professional advice is advisable. Removal of Artex is covered by the UK's Control of Asbestos Regulations 2012, which make it unlawful (if it contains asbestos) for a contractor not licensed by the country's Health and Safety Executive to undertake most work on asbestos coatings. However, this has been recently reviewed.
In the UK, once removed, Artex and any other substance containing asbestos must be disposed of as hazardous waste. If the coating is left alone and coated with paint and undamaged, it may be safe to leave the coating in place and managed "in situ" by annual inspection. Plastering over the coating may ensure it is safely encapsulated

</doc>
<doc id="2890021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890021" title="Condition monitoring">
Condition monitoring

Condition monitoring (or, colloquially, CM) is the process of monitoring a parameter of condition in machinery (vibration, temperature etc.), in order to identify a significant change which is indicative of a developing fault. It is a major component of predictive maintenance. The use of conditional monitoring allows maintenance to be scheduled, or other actions to be taken to prevent failure and avoid its consequences. Condition monitoring has a unique benefit in that conditions that would shorten normal lifespan can be addressed before they develop into a major failure. Condition monitoring techniques are normally used on rotating equipment and other machinery (pumps, electric motors, internal combustion engines, presses), while periodic inspection using non-destructive testing techniques and fit for service (FFS) evaluation are used for stationary plant equipment such as steam boilers, piping and heat exchangers.
Condition monitoring technology.
The following list includes the main condition monitoring techniques applied in the industrial and transportation sectors:
Most CM technologies are being slowly standardized by ASTM and ISO.
Rotating equipment.
The most commonly used method for rotating machines is called a vibration analysis. Measurements can be taken on machine bearing casings with accelerometers (seismic or piezo-electric transducers) to measure the casing vibrations, and on the vast majority of critical machines, with eddy-current transducers that directly observe the rotating shafts to measure the radial (and axial) displacement of the shaft. The level of vibration can be compared with historical baseline values such as former start ups and shutdowns, and in some cases established standards such as load changes, to assess the severity.
Interpreting the vibration signal obtained is an elaborate procedure that requires specialized training and experience. It is simplified by the use of state-of-the-art technologies that provide the vast majority of data analysis automatically and provide information instead of raw data. One commonly employed technique is to examine the individual frequencies present in the signal. These frequencies correspond to certain mechanical components (for example, the various pieces that make up a rolling-element bearing) or certain malfunctions (such as shaft unbalance or misalignment). By examining these frequencies and their harmonics, the CM specialist can often identify the location and type of problem, and sometimes the root cause as well. For example, high vibration at the frequency corresponding to the speed of rotation is most often due to residual imbalance and is corrected by balancing the machine. As another example, a degrading rolling-element bearing will usually exhibit increasing vibration signals at specific frequencies as it wears. Special analysis instruments can detect this wear weeks or even months before failure, giving ample warning to schedule replacement before a failure which could cause a much longer down-time. Beside all sensors and data analysis it is important to keep in mind that more than 80% of all complex mechanical equipment fail accidentally and without any relation to their life-cycle period.
Most vibration analysis instruments today utilize a Fast Fourier Transform (FFT) which is a special case of the generalized Discrete Fourier Transform and converts the vibration signal from its time domain representation to its equivalent frequency domain representation. However, frequency analysis (sometimes called Spectral Analysis or Vibration Signature Analysis) is only one aspect of interpreting the information contained in a vibration signal. Frequency analysis tends to be most useful on machines that employ rolling element bearings and whose main failure modes tend to be the degradation of those bearings, which typically exhibit an increase in characteristic frequencies associated with the bearing geometries and constructions. Depending on the type of machine, its typical malfunctions, the bearing types employed, rotational speeds, and other factors, the CM specialist may use additional diagnostic tools, such as examination of the time domain signal, the phase relationship between vibration components and a timing mark on the machine shaft (often known as a keyphasor), historical trends of vibration levels, the shape of vibration, and numerous other aspects of the signal along with other information from the process such as load, bearing temperatures, flow rates, valve positions and pressures to provide an accurate diagnosis. This is particularly true of machines that use fluid bearings rather than rolling-element bearings. To enable them to look at this data in a more simplified form vibration analysts or machinery diagnostic engineers have adopted a number of mathematical plots to show machine problems and running characteristics, these plots include the bode plot, the waterfall plot, the polar plot and the orbit time base plot amongst others.
Handheld data collectors and analyzers are now commonplace on non-critical or balance of plant machines on which permanent on-line vibration instrumentation cannot be economically justified. The technician can collect data samples from a number of machines, then download the data into a computer where the analyst (and sometimes artificial intelligence) can examine the data for changes indicative of malfunctions and impending failures. For larger, more critical machines where safety implications, production interruptions (so-called "downtime"), replacement parts, and other costs of failure can be appreciable (determined by the criticality index), a permanent monitoring system is typically employed rather than relying on periodic handheld data collection. However, the diagnostic methods and tools available from either approach are generally the same.
Recently also on-line systems have been applied to heavy process industries such as pulp, paper, mining, petrochemical and power generation. These can be dedicated systems like Sensodec 6S or nowadays this functionality has been embedded into DCS.
Performance monitoring is a less well-known condition monitoring technique. It can be applied to rotating machinery such as pumps and turbines, as well as stationary items such as boilers and heat exchangers. Measurements are required of physical quantities: temperature, pressure, flow, speed, displacement, according to the plant item. Absolute accuracy is rarely necessary, but repeatable data is needed. Calibrated test instruments are usually needed, but some success has been achieved in plant with DCS (Distributed Control Systems). Performance analysis is often closely related to energy efficiency, and therefore has long been applied in steam power generation plants. Typical applications in power generation could be boiler, steam turbine and gas turbine. In some cases, it is possible to calculate the optimum time for overhaul to restore degraded performance.
Other techniques.
Headphones allow humans to listen to ultrasound as well. A high pitched 'buzzing sound' in bearings indicates flaws in the contact surfaces, and when partial blockages occur in high pressure fluids the orifice will cause a large amount of ultrasonic noise. Ultrasound is used in the Shock Pulse Method of condition monitoring.
The Criticality Index.
The Criticality Index is often used to determine the degree on condition monitoring on a given machine taking into account the machines purpose, redundancy (i.e. if the machine fails, is there a standby machine which can take over), cost of repair, downtime impacts, health, safety and environment issues and a number of other key factors. The criticality index puts all machines into one of three categories: 

</doc>
<doc id="2890025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890025" title="Cornus sanguinea">
Cornus sanguinea

The common dogwood, Cornus sanguinea, is a species of dogwood native to most of Europe and western Asia, occurring north to southern England and southern Scandinavia, and east to the Caspian Sea. It is widely grown as an ornamental plant.
Description.
It is a medium to large deciduous shrub, growing tall, with dark greenish-brown branches and twigs. The leaves are opposite, long and broad, with an ovate to oblong shape and an entire margin; they are green above, slightly paler below, and rough with short stiff pubescence. The hermaphrodite flowers are small, diameter, with four creamy white petals, produced in clusters diameter, and are insect pollinated. The fruit is a globose black berry diameter, containing a single seed. The berries are sometimes called "dogberries".
Ecology.
It prefers moderate warmth in sunny places, though it can tolerate shade and in the more southern areas of its distribution area grows in the mountains. In cooler areas such as Scandinavia it grows at sea level.
It requires light, often alkaline soils. The species spreads by seeds and stolons. Its natural range covers most of Europe and western Asia. It is especially abundant in riversides, especially in shady areas and ravines. It grows in the margins of forests or unforested areas as woods in regeneration, prickly woodland fringes, with other thorny shrub species (for example, "Clematis vitalba", "Crataegus monogyna", "Malus sylvestris", "Prunus spinosa", "Rubus idaeus" or "Rubus ulmifolius").
It reproduces by seed and root sprouts, which makes it effective at occupying areas of land and forming dense groves. Depending on circumstances, it can be invasive.
Uses.
The leaves provide food for some animals, including Lepidoptera such as the case-bearer moth "Coleophora anatipennella". Dogberries are eaten by some mammals and many birds. Many frugivorous passerines find them irresistible, and prefer them over fruits grown by humans. The plant is thus often grown in organic gardening and permaculture to prevent harm to orchard crops, while benefitting from the fact that even frugivorous birds will hunt pest insects during the breeding season, as their young require much protein to grow.
Garden varieties are often called "winter fire" because the leaves turn orange-yellow in autumn and then fall to reveal striking red-tipped, orange-yellow winter stems.
The straight woody shoots produced by the plant can be used as prods, skewers or arrows. The prehistoric archer known as Ötzi the Iceman, discovered in 1991 on the border between Italy and Austria, was carrying arrows made from dogwood.

</doc>
<doc id="2890028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890028" title="Shiner (Ottawa)">
Shiner (Ottawa)

Shiners were gangs of Irish immigrants that formed in the early days of Bytown, later Ottawa, mainly active during the 1830s.
After the completion of the Rideau Canal in 1832, many Irish workers were left unemployed. The timber industry, the major economic activity in the region at the time, mainly employed French-Canadian labourers, who were reputed to be hard-working and better skilled. Out of frustration, some of the unemployed banded together to try to create jobs for themselves by intimidation. This started the Shiners' War. At this time, the town of Bytown did not have a permanent police force. From street fights, the violence escalated into robbery and murder. James Johnston, a prominent businessman and journalist, was beaten and his home was attacked.
One of the lumber barons, Peter Aylen, only employed Irish workers and called himself "King of the Shiners". The legendary Joseph Montferrand took the side of the French-Canadians.
In 1837, the town magistrates formed armed patrols to monitor the town at night. This largely put an end to the gangs and violence, although some outbreaks continued to occur into the 1840s.

</doc>
<doc id="2890031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890031" title="Smokin' Suckaz wit Logic">
Smokin' Suckaz wit Logic

Smokin' Suckaz wit Logic is a hip-hop band from New York.
Biography.
The multi-ethnic band was formed in 1990 and consisted of G "Suave" a rapper of Puerto Rican descent (who earlier had appeared on VHS entitled "Ravenswood Nights" freestyling over a beatbox with another rapper called King Sek), Darren "D-Smooth" Lolk (guitar), Money Mike (bass), Curtis "Mr." Watts (drums, keyboards, background vocals), Spank Dog (programming, scratches, background vocals), and Peter "Ajoe" Jorge (programming, background vocals). While still a group, they opened for Ziggy Marley and KRS-One. They released a single album, "Playing' Foolz" on the Epic Records label. The group's influences included hip-hop, alternative, funk, reggae, jazz, and metal. 
Due to various creative differences within the group and many frustrations over their musical style, the band disbanded in 1994. Most of the members went on to pursue solo careers. Mr. Watts became a Producer and a solo artist, Suave became a Christian Rapper named "Rodan Tha Thinker" in a band called "True 2 Life", D-Smooth went on to play Pete Townshend in "The Who Show" (A The Who Tribute band) and contribute to other punk and dub influenced rock bands, Money Mike became a president of an air travel company called Airtech and the President of 420tours, the official tour operator and producer of the "High Times Cannabis Cup"; he also owned and operated High Times Records and had a successful distribution arrangement with EMI Caroline. He now runs Bambu Hostel in David, Panama, an international backpackers' hostel. Ajoe continued to be a producer and would later produce albums for the likes of Big Daddy Kane and Sporty Thievz.

</doc>
<doc id="2890038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890038" title="Southbound Pachyderm">
Southbound Pachyderm

"Southbound Pachyderm" is a song by Primus, from their album "Tales from the Punchbowl". It is the final single from Primus to feature drummer Tim Alexander.
Meaning.
This song is about the undergrowing elephant population. The video features entirely stop-motion with the band on TV screens.

</doc>
<doc id="2890039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890039" title="Karamana River">
Karamana River

Karamana is a river flowing through the city of Thiruvananthapuram in Kerala, India. The river starts near the southern tip of the Western Ghats at Agastyar Koodam. The river flows 66 km westward and merges with the Arabian Sea at Panathura near Kovalam. The river gets its name from Karamana, a suburb of Thiruvananthapuram city, through which it flows.
The catchment area is mostly forested, command area is under mixed dry land crops such as coconut, tapioca, pepper, plantain, rice, etc. 
Tributaries and Distributaries.
The Karamana rises in the vicinity of the Agasthiarkoodam about 1600 m above the sea level. The peaks of origin of the river are today known as Chemmunji Motta and Aathiramala and its upper tributary rivers are the Kaaviyaar, Attayaar, Vaiyappadyaar and Thodayaar. The river flows for 66 kilometers in a south - south west direction before flowing into the Arabian Sea.
The largest tributary of the Karamana is the Killiyar, which flows for a distance of 24 kilometres. It has five anicuts on it which regulates the flow of water. Part of the water is diverted into the Kochar channel which in turn feeds the Padmatheertham pond outside the Padmanabhaswamy Temple. There are several temples located along the Killiyar's banks, the most famous of which is the Attukal Temple.
The Killiyar drains the Nedumangad forest and its basin is rich in avian fauna. The river merges with the Arabian Sea through the Pozhikkara estuary. In its final lap, the river runs parallel to the sea and the river here is known as the Edayar.
Dams.
The Karamana river has two important dams on it. These are the Aruvikkara Dam, built in the 1930s and the Peppara Dam which lies further upstream and was built in 1983. The Aruvikkara Dam was completed with the aim of providing piped drinking water to the city. The Trivandrum Water Works, inaugurated by and named after Lord Willingdon in 1933, is in charge of receiving and distributing the Karamana's waters to the city even today. A JICA funded project is under way to augment the water distribution network in the city. The Peppara Dam regulates the flow of water into the Aruvikkara Dam by unifying all the upper tributaries of the Karamana river. The Peppara Dam has played a crucial role in eliminating the floods that once used to characterized the Karamana. There is also a 3 MW hydel power station at Peppara.
Bridges.
The Karamana river has several bridges across it. The largest is at Karamana itself, where the NH-47 crosses it. This was built by Lt Col. Horsley, the author of the earliest English treatise on history of Travancore, and inaugurated in 1853. Other important bridges are at Thrikkunnapuram, Mangattu Kadavu, Kundamon Kadavu, Vellaikadavu, Aruvikkara (on the dam), Maruthoor kadavu.
Biodiversity.
The Karamana river basin supports a range of plants that are typical of the tropics. These include the wild cane, bamboo, mangroves, water lilies and coconut trees. The screw pine or pandanus is another common species along the river's banks. The Cerbera odollam, called Othalam in Malayalam, is found along the lower reaches of the river. Fish species found in the Karamana include Karimeen, "Chekkaali", "Kariyida", "Paruminali", "Cherumeen", "Vaala", "Nedumeen", "Aaral", "Maalavu" and "Paaval".
Ecological Concerns.
The Karamana has been facing the problems of pollution, acidification and fish kill in recent years. The causes for the deterioration in the river's water quality include the discharge of untreated sewage and domestic and industrial effluents into the river and the unregulated development of tourism in the river basin area. This has resulted in the lowering of dissolved oxygen levels in the river's water and caused fish kill downstream of the river. Illegal mining of river sand is another significant threat being faced by the river.
In Literature and Music.
The beauty of the Karamana and the fact that it wound through forests earned the river the name Vanamala, the garland of the forest, in Sanskrit. It is referred to as the ‘Makaraakara’ river in the Jain ascetic Udyodana Suri's 8th century Prakrit text "Kuvalayamaala".
The Karamana river also closely influenced the development of music in Kerala. Some of the singers, instrumentalists and composers who are associated with the river include Irayimman Thampi, Vadivelu, Neelakanta Sivan and K S Chitra. Besides, the composer-king Swathi Thirunal was also influenced by the river's scenic beauty. Over a dozen of his court musicians hailed from the Karamana village on the banks of the river.

</doc>
<doc id="2890040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890040" title="Accentus">
Accentus

Accentus is a style of church music that emphasizes spoken word. It is often contrasted with "concentus", an alternative style that emphasizes harmony. The terms "accentus" and "concentus" were probably introduced by Andreas Ornithoparchus in his "Musicae Activae Micrologus", Leipzig, 1517. ""Concentus" might be chief ruler over all things that are sung...and "Accentus" over all things that are read," according to Ornithoparchus.
In the medieval church, all that portion of the liturgical song which was performed by the entire choir, or by sections of it, was called "concentus"; thus hymns, psalms, mass ordinary, and alleluias were, generally speaking, included under this term, as well as anything with more complex or distinctive melodic contours. On the other hand, such parts of the liturgy which the priest, the deacon, the subdeacon, or the acolyte sang alone were called "accentus"; such were the collects, the epistle and gospel, the preface, or anything which was recited chiefly on one tone, rather than sung, by the priest or one of his assistants. The accentus should never be accompanied by harmonies, whether of voices or of instruments, although the concentus may receive such accompaniment. The intoning words "Gloria in excelsis Deo" and "Credo in Unum Deum", being assigned to the celebrant alone, should not be repeated by the choir or accompanied by the organ or other musical instrument.
There were originally seven types of "Accentus Ecclesiasticus", depending on how the voice should be inflected at the punctuation marks ending phrases or sentences. In "accentus immutabilis", the voice remains at the same tone; in "accentus medus" it falls by a third at a colon; in "accentus gravis" it falls by a fifth at a period; in "accentus actus" it falls by a third and returns to the original tone at a comma; in "accentus moderatus" it rises by a second and returns to the original tone at a comma; in "accentus interrogata" it falls by a second and returns to the original tone at a question mark; and in "accentus finalis", it rises by a second and then falls stepwise to a fourth below the original tone at the end.

</doc>
<doc id="2890042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890042" title="Exploration of the Valley of the Kings">
Exploration of the Valley of the Kings

The area of the Valley of the Kings, in Luxor, Egypt has been a major area of modern Egyptological exploration for the last two centuries. Before this the area was a site for tourism in antiquity (especially during Roman times). This area illustrates the changes in the study of ancient Egypt, starting as antiquity hunting, and ending as scientific excavation of the whole Theban Necropolis. Despite the exploration and investigation noted below, only eleven of the tombs have actually been completely recorded.
The Greek writers Strabo (1st century BC) and Diodorus Siculus (1st century AD) reported that the total number of Theban royal tombs was 47, of which at the time only 17 were believed to be undestroyed. Pausanias and other ancient writers remarked on the pipe-like corridors of the Valley, clearly meaning the tombs.
Others also visited the valley in these times, as many of the tombs have graffiti written by these ancient tourists. Jules Baillet located over 2100 Greek and Latin graffiti, along with a smaller number in Phoenician, Cypriot, Lycian, Coptic, and other languages. The majority of the ancient graffiti are found in KV9, which contains just under a thousand of them. The earliest positively dated graffiti dates to 278 BC.
Eighteenth century.
Before the 19th century, travel from Europe to Thebes (and indeed anywhere in Egypt) was difficult, time-consuming and expensive, and only the hardiest of European travelers visited—before the travels of Father Claude Sicard in 1726, it was unclear just where Thebes really was. It was known to be on the Nile, but it was often confused with Memphis and several other sites. One of the first travelers to record what he saw at Thebes was Frederic Louis Norden, a Danish adventurer and artist.
He was followed by Richard Pococke, who published the first modern map of the valley itself, in 1743.
In 1799, Napoleon's expedition (especially Dominique Vivant) drew maps and plans of the known tombs, and for the first time noted the Western Valley (where Prosper Jollois and Édouard de Villiers du Terrage located the tomb of Amenhotep III, WV22). The "Description de l'Égypte" contains two volumes (out a total of 24) on the area around Thebes.
Nineteenth century.
European exploration continued in the area around Thebes during the 19th century, boosted by Champollion's translation of hieroglyphs early in the century. Early in the century, the area was visited by Belzoni, working for Henry Salt, who discovered several tombs, including those of Ay in the West Valley (WV23) in 1816 and Seti I (KV17) the next year. At the end of his visits, Belzoni declared that all of the tombs had been found and nothing of note remained to be found. Working at the same time (and a great rival of Belzoni and Salt) was Bernardino Drovetti, the French Consul-General.
In 1827 John Gardiner Wilkinson was assigned to paint the entry of every tomb, giving them each a designation that is still in use today—they were numbered from KV1 to KV21, with KV standing for King's Valley, (although the maps show 28 entrances, some of which were unexplored). These paintings and maps were later published in "The Topography of Thebes and General Survey of Egypt", in 1830. At the same time James Burton explored the valley. His works included making KV17 safer from flooding, but he is better known for entering KV5.
Champollion himself visited the valley, along with Ippolito Rosellini and Nestor L'Hôte, in the Franco-Tuscan Expedition of 1829. The expedition spent two months studying the open tombs, visiting about 16 of them. They copied the inscriptions and identified the original tomb owners. In tomb KV17, they removed wall decorations, which are now on display in the Louvre in Paris.
In 1845-1846 the valley was explored by Karl Richard Lepsius's expedition; they explored and documented twenty-five in the main valley and four in the west.
The second half of the century saw a more concerted effort to preserve rather than simply gathering antiquities. Auguste Mariette's Egyptian Antiquities Service started to explore the valley, first with Eugène Lefébure in 1883, then Jules Baillet and Georges Bénédite in early 1888 and finally Victor Loret in 1898 to 1899. Loret added a further 16 tombs to the list, and explored several tombs that had already been discovered. During this time Georges Daressy explored KV9
When Gaston Maspero was reappointed to head the Egyptian Antiquities Service, the nature of the exploration of the valley changed again. Maspero appointed Howard Carter as the Chief Inspector of Upper Egypt and the young man discovered several new tombs and explored several others, clearing KV42 and KV20.
Twentieth century.
Around the turn of the 20th century, the American Theodore M. Davis had the excavation permit in the valley, and his team (led mostly by Edward R. Ayrton) discovered several royal and non-royal tombs (including KV43, KV46 and KV57). In 1907 they discovered the possible Amarna Period cache in KV55. After finding what they thought was all that remained of the burial of Tutankhamun (items recovered from KV54 and KV58), it was announced that the valley was completely explored and no further burials were to be found, in Davis's 1912 publication, "The Tombs of Harmhabi and Touatânkhamanou"; the book closes with the comment, "I fear that the Valley of Kings is now exhausted."
After Davis's death early in 1915 Lord Carnarvon acquired the concession to excavate the valley and he employed Carter to explore it. After a systematic search they discovered the actual tomb of Tutankhamun (KV62) in November 1922.
At the end of the century, the Theban Mapping Project re-discovered and explored tomb KV5, which has since been discovered to be probably the largest in the valley (having at least 120 rooms) and was either a cenotaph or real burial for the sons of Ramesses II. Elsewhere in the eastern and western branches of the valley, several other expeditions cleared and studied other tombs. Until 2002 the Amarna Royal Tombs Project explored the area around KV55 and KV62, the Amarna Period tombs in the main valley.
Twenty-first century.
Various expeditions have continued to explore the valley, adding greatly to the knowledge of the area. In 2001 the Theban Mapping Project designed new signs for the tombs, providing information and plans of the open tombs.
On February 8, 2006, the Supreme Council of Antiquities announced that an American team led by the University of Memphis had uncovered a pharaonic-era tomb (KV63), the first uncovered there since King Tutankhamun's in 1922. The 18th Dynasty tomb included five intact sarcophagi with coloured funerary masks along with 28 large storage jars, sealed with pharaonic seals. It is located close to the tomb of Tutankhamun. KV63, as it is known, appears to be a single chamber with seven sarcophagi and about 20 large funerary jars. The chamber is from the 18th dynasty and it appears to have been a deposit of funerary preparation materials, rather than a tomb. As yet, no mummies have been discovered in the sarcophagi, and it is now thought of as a mummification chamber, rather than a tomb.
On July 31, 2006, Nicholas Reeves announced that analysis of ground penetrating radar for the autumn of 2000 showed a sub-surface anomaly in the area of KV62 and KV63. He has tentatively labeled this anomaly "KV64". This has caused some controversy, as only Egypt's Supreme Council of Antiquities can officially designate the name of a new tomb, the anomaly may not in fact be a tomb, and because Reeves had reported the finding to the press first, instead of a scientific paper.
In May 2008, Zahi Hawass announced that an Egyptian team has been looking for the tomb of Ramesses VIII, concentrating around the tombs of Merenptah and Ramesses II. In August 2008, it was announced that two further tomb entrances had been located, and these would be investigated in October 2008. At the same time, clearance of the descending tunnel in KV17 has started.

</doc>
<doc id="2890043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890043" title="James Johnston">
James Johnston

James Johnston may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2890044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890044" title="Burkinabé Socialist Bloc">
Burkinabé Socialist Bloc

Burkinabé Socialist Bloc (in French: "Bloc Socialiste Burkinabé") was a Sankarist political party in Burkina Faso. BSB was founded in December 1990 by Nongma Ernest Ouédraogo. Ouédraogo became the general secretary of BSB. Ouédraogo had been released from jail the previous year. He had served as Minister of Security under Sankara.
The slogan of BSB was "Action et Victoire et Bloc".
In August 1995 Ouédraogo was jailed following a libel suit. He was released five months later.
In January 1996 a faction split and joined the Congress for Democracy and Progress.
In 2000 BSB merged into the Sankarist Pan-African Convention (CPS).

</doc>
<doc id="2890049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890049" title="Wynona's Big Brown Beaver">
Wynona's Big Brown Beaver

"Wynona's Big Brown Beaver" is the first single off Primus' 1995 album "Tales from the Punchbowl." It was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Hard Rock Performance in 1996. Of all the bands' members, only LaLonde showed up at the event. The award went to Pearl Jam.
Music and lyrics.
The song epitomizes Primus's musical eccentricities, whereby the group's signature funk metal stylings are comically inflected with a sound vaguely reminiscent of bluegrass and southern rock. During the song's guitar solos, Larry LaLonde's playing shifts from almost "noise" guitar in the first solo to a somewhat country-sounding technique and banjo-style finger-picking on the second (inspired by The Grateful Dead late singer/guitarist Jerry Garcia). The song's lyrics constitute an absurd, rambling tale about a woman named Wynona and her "beaver". They combine an on-the-surface crude sexual double entendre in "beaver" with the more purely nonsensical silliness typical of the band (e.g., strange references to baboons, Taco Bell, carnies, and porcupines).
Music video.
The band also filmed a music video for "Wynona's Big Brown Beaver", centered on the band dressed as comical-looking cowboys in costumes made of foam rubber. The costumes bore a strong resemblance to those used in a popular Duracell advertising campaign at the time which featured a family of battery-powered, toy-like people (the Puttermans). In an interview, bandleader Les Claypool revealed the suits were intended to resemble "cheap plastic cowboy action figures". The video jumps between shots of the band playing in a barn and of the band engaged in parodies of cowboy activities such as shooting bottles, riding toy horses, and playing poker among other things. The video also features some airbrushed drawings done by Claypool. The video's live action sequences were filmed at Claypool's home, known as Rancho Relaxo. The video marks the second video appearance of Les' red Fender Jazz bass.
Because the band's cowboy suits were so cumbersome, they played along to the track slowed down significantly to more easily coordinate their actions to the music; plus, this gave the illusion of the band moving rather quirky and fast when played back in regular form. In the video, Tim Alexander's bass drum reads "Buck Naked and the Bare Bottom Boys". This was meant as a tribute to Phillip Bury, who went under the name Buck. He was a close friend to the band, who had died in 1992. He was in the aforementioned Buck Naked and the Bare Bottom Boys. The video appeared on Primus' "Tales from the Punchbowl" [CD-ROM] album as well as the 2003 EP/DVD release "Animals Should Not Try to Act Like People", along with an in-depth making-of feature.
Controversy.
Many incorrectly believed "Wynona" was about actress Winona Ryder. Claypool has stated several times that the song is not about Ryder, pointing out that the song's name is spelled and pronounced differently. While this placated Ryder, her then boyfriend Soul Asylum vocalist David Pirner took offense and renamed one of his songs "Les Claypool's A Big Fucking Asshole" in concert.
One of the song's lyrics was edited in the music video. The original line, "But the beaver was quick and grabbed him by the kiwis, and he ain't pissed for a week (and a half!)" was replaced by "...and he egg-pressed for a week...". An alternative version also removes the line "candied up his nose" (which refers to cocaine) and the word "smell", replacing them with random sound effects.
Appearances.
The song appears at the beginning of Kevin Smith's movie "Zack and Miri Make a Porno".
Voodoo Brewery makes "Wynona's Big Brown Ale" in honor of the song and band.

</doc>
<doc id="2890058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890058" title="Betong">
Betong

Betong may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="2890061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890061" title="Mark Baker (animator)">
Mark Baker (animator)

Mark Baker (born 1959 in London) is an English animator whose works include the Oscar-nominated short films "The Hill Farm" (1988), "The Village" (1993) and "Jolly Roger" (1998). 
Information.
A contemporary of Nick Park at the National Film and Television School in London, Mark Baker now works for Astley Baker Davies. His films, "The Hill Farm" and "Jolly Roger" and "The Village", were included in the Animation Show of Shows. Through his career, Baker has received Oscar nominations for his works of animated short films. He emerged as an animator in the 1970s. He is known to draw in a child-like style, but the underlying meanings of his work represent a sophisticated world view. His film "The Hill Farm" (1988) received an Oscar nomination, a BAFTA, the Grand Prix at the Annecy Animation Festival, the praise of the Russian animator Yuri Norstein, and others. Baker completed "The Village" for Channel 4 in 1993. In 1994, Baker partnered with Neville Astley to create the production company of Astley Baker that was later changed to the name of Astley Baker Davies with the addition of producer Phil Davies. In 2003 he participated in Kihachirō Kawamoto's collaborative project "Winter Days". His most popular animation that he is recently known for is Peppa Pig.
Background.
Mark Baker was born in the year of 1959 in London. In his teen years, Baker began to make animated films on 8 mm. Then he continued to study animation at the West Surrey College of Art and Design where he created the short film "The Three Knights" (1982). He then continued on in his career by animating television commercials for the duration of a year for Richard Purdum Productions. Baker then enrolled in the National Film and Television School where he created his short film "The Hill Farm" (1988). He graduated in 1989 and then worked as a freelance animator and director for various companies including TVC, Speedy Films, David Anderson Films and Pizazz Pictures.

</doc>
<doc id="2890062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890062" title="Trewoon">
Trewoon

Trewoon () is a village in south Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. It is on the western outskirts of St Austell on the A3058 road, about one mile from the town centre.
Trewoon is mentioned in the Domesday Book (Tregoin: Hamelin from the court of Mortain) and is part of the St Mewan Parish and had its own manor known as Hembal Manor.
It is a linear settlement, with various housing estates, a village hall, park and playing fields.
The village has many amenities and local businesses: a garage (mechanical operations only), a post office, a busy local convenience store, hairdressers, "The White Pyramid" pub, a social club and a Methodist church (Trinity Methodist Church).
China Clay has played a big part in the villages history following its discovery by William Cookworthy.
The A3058 is the main road through the village and is a very popular commuter and tourist road that links St Austell and Newquay.
Transport.
Railway lines.
The Cornish Main Line and a line that links to St Dennis, pass through the village. The Cornish Main Line directly serves most major towns and cities in Cornwall and forms the backbone for rail services in Cornwall, as well as providing a direct line to London. It is the southernmost railway line in the United Kingdom, and the westernmost in England.
The line that links St Dennis to the Cornish Main Line is now relatively unused in its prime time was a major transport route for Imeries trains transporting china clay mined in the local area to the local ports of ((Fowey)) and ((Par Docks)).
For a short while Trewoon had its own train station which was situated by the railway bridge crossing the A3058 accessible only by foot the station was very small and often not used by trains leading to its closure. In the redevelopment of St Austell for the St Austell Clay Country Eco-town the plans include a new train station in the village creating better transport links to the town.
Roads.
The A3058 a very popular commuter and tourist road that links St Austell and Newquay and is thought to be one of the most dangerous roads in Cornwall with a lot of serious and some fatal accidents every year although only a few happen in the village every year. The A3058 also crosses the A30 (Major Trunk Road of Cornwall) and provides a link to the A30 from St Austell through the village.
The A3058 has seen many changes in its history including the widening of the road to cope with demand. To do this properties along the road in the village were demolished to make way for it.
Buses.
Being on the main road between St Austell and Newquay the village benefits from good bus services mainly provided by Western Greyhound and can be as frequent as every 30 minutes at times. The village also benefits from services put on by First Western National but are not as regular.
Climate.
The demographic of the village means that it came be sceptable to disruption due to bad weather. During heavy rain is a common sight to see the A3058 flooded where Westbridge Road and Cooperage Road slope down to meet each other under the railway bridge. 
The elevations of the village and various hills in the village makes many roads in the village unpassable during heavy snow.
China clay.
Trewoon also has a major part to play in the china clay industry in Cornwall being the home to the Blackpool Clay Pits and Dryers. The pits are the largest employer in the area which looks certain to come to an end with the announcement in 2006 to close Blackpool Pit at the end of 2007. The end came on 30 November 2007 and confirmed that Imerys was moving its operation to Brazil. It is estimated that the closure will take £12m a year out of the local economy. A total of 500 people were made redundant.
Public events.
Flora Dance.
In the "West Briton" newspaper in 1959 Ashley Rowe noted that "on Coronation day 1838 Trewoon held its Flora Dance and at Truro the Mayor led the dance, which lasted till the small hours."
Carnival.
Trewoon has a history of carnivals every year but following changes in the law regarding insurance for motorised floats the Carnival like many others across Cornwall was no longer attracting enough observers and was forced to end. The carnival has now returned to the village and happens once a year in the month of August along with fun events, concerts and games that happen all week at various sites in the village.
Pantomime.
Trewoon is also where the Trewoon Pantomime Group was founded and performed in the local village hall until moving due to requirements to the St Austell Church Hall where they still perform once a year. The pantomime group also hit national headlines in 2006 when they were banned from using a real bed for their annual bed push and had to use a wheelchair for health and safety reasons reported on the BBC.
Planned development.
There are plans to build an extra 2500 houses in Trewoon in the Blackpool Dryers, Refinery and Pit.as part of the St Austell Clay Country Eco-town. The plan was given outline government approval in July 2009.
Historic Buildings and Organisations.
Trewoon Chapel and Sunday School.
In 1821 a ‘Bethel’ was built near where the railway arch is now. With the building of the first bridge, a ‘new’ chapel was needed. In 1871, a Mr John Gaved pioneered the project and a Mrs Hennah of Hembal Manor gave a plot of land where the Chapel now stands. Wesley had reputedly preached where The Green is now situated and so the new Chapel was ‘Wesleyan’ Methodist. The new building held 200 worshippers when the total population of Trewoon was only 280! It opened on Boxing Day 1871 and cost ‘no more than £400’.
London 2012 Olympics.
The olympic torch passed through the village on its tour of the UK before arriving in London for the start of the 2012 Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="2890065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890065" title="Anne-Caroline Chausson">
Anne-Caroline Chausson

Anne-Caroline Chausson (born 8 October 1977 in Dijon) is a French professional cyclist who competes in bicycle motocross(BMX), downhill time trial and cross-country mass start, dual, and four-cross mountain bicycle racing. She is best known for having won thirteen Union Cycliste Internationale senior mountain bike world championship "rainbow jerseys", fourteen European mountain bike championships, and five consecutive Mountain Bike World Cup downhill series (1998-2002). She was nominated for the 2003 Laureus World Sports Awards Alternative Sportsperson of the Year. At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, Chausson competed for France in the inaugural women's BMX event, winning the gold medal. 
Career highlights.
Born in Dijon, Chausson capitalized on her previously successful BMX racing career that ended in 1993. Winning the 1993 downhill junior world championship gold medal startet her international successful career. She enjoyed quick success early in her mountain bike racing career and won 1994 still being a Junior her first World Cup race in Cap d'Ail/FRA. Her amazing skills under different weather and track conditions were proofed after finishing 2nd in a muddy and at start level snow covered Hindelang/GER World Cup. Also Silverstar the same year she was 2nd and this summed up to a solid 2nd overall. 1994, and 1995 two more downhill junior world championship gold medals before matriculating to the senior circuit. He win 1995 in Kirchzarten had a bitter taste to her. She asked to ride Elite, but got no permission. Her race time then was faster to the time of the Elite Champion Leigh Donovan. Very emotional at the price giving she refused to pull over the Junior Champions jersey. In Elite she could win the downhill title in eight consecutive years. Chausson has also been regarded to be the worlds greatest downhiller of all time. In 1996, when she finished second behind American Missy Giove for the overall World Cup title, Chausson captured the World Champions title, defeating silver medallist American Leigh Donovan and Giove, who would claim the bronze. Chausson would once more finish second to Giove in the 1997 World Cup overall standings but easily claimed that year's world championship, defeating Swiss Marielle Saner and Finn Katja Repo. 
In 1998, Chausson finally overcame Giove, with whom she would battle for nearly a decade, to win the World Cup title and subsequently won the world championship over World Cup bronze medallist Nolvenn LeCaer; she would repeat her double in 1999 and 2000, each time topping Giove for the World Cup title and Repo for the world championship. 
In 2000, Chausson expanded her competitive repertoire, participating in the duals event, in which riders compete on parallel courses, composed of identical obstacles—primarily jumps and berms—in a single-elimination tournament, during the third season in which it was contested at the World Cup level, after which the 2000 iteration of the world championships featured the event for the first time; Chausson captured each crown, ahead each time of American Tara Llanes. Chausson once more participated in the duals event in 2001, failing to win a medal in the World Cup, won by Donovan, but winning the world championship once more, garnering the second and last duals title, this over Australian Katrina Miller, the World Cup silver medallist.
The four-cross BMX racing-inspired event, in which four cyclists ride on the same course betwixt gates, such that only the top finisher advances to a subsequent round, was chosen in 2001 by the National Off-Road Bicycle Association, the sports authority governing mountain biking for USA Cycling, to replace the duals and duals-slalom events and replaced the duals event in 2002 in both the World Cup and world championships competitions; Chausson nevertheless won the four-cross and downhill titles in each, ahead of countrymate Sabrina Jonnier in each, save for in the four-cross event at the world championships, where she topped Miller.
In 2007 she resumed BMX racing in pursuit of an Olympic medal in BMX racing which was making its debut in the 2008 Summer Olympic Games. This effort was successful when she won the gold medal in Women's BMX. Since the women's medal round was staged before the men's, she became the very first person to win a gold medal in that sport.
After this she return to Moutainbiking to attend Enduro races. 2012 she won the 7 day long TransProvance Enduro race.
BMX Olympic champion.
Chausson was chosen to represent France in the inaugural women's BMX event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, with Laëtitia Le Corguillé. She became the first ever Olympic gold medal winner in BMX racing after winning the one-round final, while Le Corguillé took the silver medal after British rider Shanaze Reade clipped Chausson's rear wheel and fell in the final turn.
Titles.
BMX
Mountain biking

</doc>
<doc id="2890066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890066" title="Edward Heath (New Orleans)">
Edward Heath (New Orleans)

Edward Heath (1819–1892) was mayor of New Orleans from March 28, 1867 to June 10, 1868. His tenure came during the Reconstruction of Louisiana, and required a stronger personality than he brought to the office. During his term, he faced budgetary and racial problems as well as the continued interference of the military authorities of the U. S. Federal government.

</doc>
<doc id="2890079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890079" title="Rosalind Halstead">
Rosalind Halstead

Rosalind Halstead (born 18 July 1984) is an English actress, model, and dancer.
Early life.
Halstead trained for five years at the Central School of Ballet, and danced at Sadler's Wells Theatre (Earl's Court and Her Majesty's Theatre). Her performance career began at the North London Performing Arts Centre at the age of eight. 
By the age of 13, Halstead was scouted by the Select Modelling Agency, and was a model for some years before becoming an actress.
In 2009, she appeared in a televised adaptation of "Wuthering Heights" on ITV1. In 2010, she appeared in the BBC comedy series "How Not To Live Your Life" playing a homeless woman who begins dating Don, the show's central character.
She has also appeared in the 2005 film "Mrs. Henderson Presents" and the British Television series, Nearly Famous.

</doc>
<doc id="2890085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890085" title="Wetworks">
Wetworks

Wetworks is an American comic book series created by comic book artist Whilce Portacio and writer Brandon Choi. It ran for four years before ending in 1998. A second series written by Mike Carey, with Portacio returning on art duties, was started in 2006 and ended in 2008.
The story is about a team of black operative soldiers bonded with golden symbiotes, who battle against supernatural forces.
Publication history.
Originally intended as one of the core Image Comics launch titles in 1992, the series was put on hiatus until 1994 due to the death of Portacio's sister. After re-solicitation by Image (through Jim Lee's Wildstorm imprint), the original series ran for 43 issues, from 1994-1998. The first 3 issues were collected as a trade paperback in 1996 from Image Comics/Wildstorm.
A relaunch of the same title began in 2006 by writer Mike Carey and creator Whilce Portacio. It follows the original team leader, Dane, as he reforms the Wetworks team minus all the previous members save Mother One, to continue combating supernatural forces. As of issue #10 the creative team changes to writer J. M. DeMatteis and artists Joel Gomez and Trevor Scott, with Portacio remaining on as cover artist. The new series was cancelled with issue #15.
Wetworks reappeared as one of the one-shots in , but it is not one of the series listed as restarting following the World's End events.
Plot.
Wetworks is a covert operations team in the Wildstorm Universe, designated Team 7, led by Colonel Jackson Dane, who was a member of the original Team 7. In issue #1 of the series, Team 7 was sent on a (suicide) mission by International Operations' (I/O) Director Miles Craven. The mission was to enter a terrorist enclave on the Raanes Peninsula (Eastern Europe) and extract a biological agent the terrorists had in their possession. Once the team reached the target, they found out that someone had raided the enclave before them. While investigating, the team found several big transparent tubes containing some kind of golden fluid. At that moment, the explosives they were carrying were activated by remote control, displaying a ten-minute countdown. That was when the team knew they were double crossed.
A hidden sniper shot at one of the tubes when team member Clayton "Claymore" Maure was examining it. The tube broke and the golden fluid jumped on Claymore as if it were alive, covering his whole body. If that was not enough, they were attacked by some terrorists. The terrorists started shooting, but the bullets bounced off Claymore's gold-covered body. Time was ticking and Col. Dane decided the team should open the remaining tubes to use the golden symbiotes as protection against the detonation of the explosives.
After the detonation, the enclave was destroyed, but Team 7 emerged from the fire unharmed. That was when I/O's cleaners (three aircraft) were ordered to enter the site to kill the surviving team members. The field leader of the cleaners, Mother One, double crossed I/O and shot down two aircraft before destroying her own. Mother One also had a golden symbiote, although it was not shown how she acquired it.
Mother One explained to Team 7 they were double crossed by Craven and I/O and asked them to accompany her to her boss, industrialist Armand Waering.
Col. Dane reluctantly accepted and they started to work for Armand Waering. Waering told them that he wanted to kill the Vampire Nation because they wanted to take over the world from the humans. What he did not tell the team was that he was actually the Jaquar, leader of the Werenation.
Two members of Wetworks died early in their battles with the undead - Flattop and Crossbones. Later Pilgrim's brother, Nathaniel Blackbird joined the squad, and they learned that both he and Pilgrim (unknown to her) were both werewolves. Several members of the squad died during a major mission some time later, including Dozer and Claymore, and Wetworks broke up. Recently Dane has reactivated the team to deal with breaks in reality caused by another superteam, which have been turned into portals for forces from another dimension.
World's End.
After the massive destruction dealt to Earth in the "Number of the Beast" miniseries, Lynch, head of the former Team 7, tries to convince Dane and the Wetworks into rejoining the Team, in an attempt to reverse the devastation and restore Earth to its former state.
Dane refuses his proposal since he no longer believes in a simple solution, and prefers tasking the Wetworks of defending humanity from the vampires.
Collected editions.
One collection of the first series has been released:
The new series has been collected in two trade paperbacks:
In other media.
Two waves of Wetworks action figures were produced by McFarlane Toys from 1995 to 1996. 

</doc>
<doc id="2890088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890088" title="Old English phonology">
Old English phonology

Old English phonology is necessarily somewhat speculative since Old English is preserved only as a written language. Nevertheless, there is a very large corpus of the language, and the orthography apparently indicates phonological alternations quite faithfully, so it is not difficult to draw certain conclusions about the nature of Old English phonology.
Sound inventory.
The inventory of surface sounds (whether allophones or phonemes) of Old English is as shown below.
Consonants.
Consonant allophones.
The sounds marked in parentheses in the table above are allophones:
Vowels.
Monophthongs.
Most dialects of Old English had 7 vowels, each with a short and long version, for a total of 14 monophthongs. Certain dialects add an eighth vowel, for a total of 16.
The front mid rounded vowels occur in some dialects of Old English, but not in the best attested Late West Saxon dialect.
This latter dialect also contained the monophthongization of the "ie"/"īe" diphthong (of disputed pronunciation), which was normally written "y" (e.g. "gelȳfan" "to believe" from earlier "ġelīefan"), although sometimes written with an "i" known as an unstable "i" (note variant spelling "ġelīfan"). Next to "c", "g" and "h", unstable "i" is the normal outcome (e.g. "ġifan" "to give" from earlier "ġiefan"). This produced additional instances of "y", alongside those that developed from i-mutation and from sporadic rounding of "i" in certain circumstances (e.g. "myc̣el" "much" from earlier "mic̣el", with rounding perhaps triggered by the rounded /m/).
There is also historical evidence suggesting that short and were phonetically lower and/or more centralized (perhaps and ) than the corresponding long ones; likewise may have been pronounced .
Diphthongs.
Old English in the late West Saxon dialect had three diphthongs, each with short and long versions, for a total of 6.
Distribution of velars and palatals.
The pairs ~ and ~ are almost certainly distinct phonemes synchronically in late West Saxon, the dialect in which the majority of Old English documents are written. This is suggested by such near-minimal pairs as:
Nevertheless there are few true minimal pairs, and velars and palatals often alternate with each other in ways reminiscent of allophones, for example:
Standard Old English spelling used the same letter "c" for both and , and "g" for both and . In the standardized orthography used on this page, the velar and palatal variants are distinguished with a diacritic: "c" stands for , "ċ" for , "g" for and , and "ġ" for and . The geminates of these are spelled "cc", "ċċ", "cg", "ċġ". This diacritic was not written in the original sources.
The PGmc ancestor of both "c" and "ċ" is . The ancestor of both "g" and "ġ" is , which had two allophones: when following /n/ or when geminated, and everywhere else. (In the following text, we note both allophones, for easier understanding of the sound changes; likewise for the allophones and of , and and of .) Palatalization of to "ċ" and of to "ġ" were generally triggered by a nearby or and sometimes by other front vowels, with palatalized in more environments than or . Palatalization happened in the following environments:
Palatalization happened before i-mutation (umlaut); hence it was not triggered by front vowels that resulted from i-mutation:
Palatalization was undone before consonants in OE:
The palatalization of PGmc to OE (spelt "sċ") is much less restricted: word-initially it is found before back vowels and "r" as well as in the environments where "ċ" and "ġ" are found.
Non-initially palatalization to "sċ" is found before PGmc front vowels and "j", and after front vowels in OE, but not before an OE back vowel
In addition to from the palatalization of PGmc , Old English also has from PGmc , which could stand before back vowels:
Many instances where a "ċ/c", "ġ/g", or "sċ/sc" alternation would be expected within a paradigm, it was levelled out by analogy at some point in the history of the language. For example, the velar of "sēcþ" "he seeks" has replaced the palatal of "sēċan" "to seek" in Modern English; on the other hand, the palatalised forms of "besēċan" have replaced the velar forms, giving modern "beseech".
Phonological processes.
A number of phonological processes affected Old English in the period before the earliest documentation. These processes especially affected vowels, and are the reason why many Old English words look significantly different from related words in languages such as Old High German, which is much closer to the common West Germanic ancestor of both languages. The processes took place chronologically in the order described below (with uncertainty in ordering as noted).
Various conventions are used below for describing Old English words, reconstructed parent forms of various sorts, and reconstructed Proto-West-Germanic (PWG), Proto-Germanic (PG) and Proto-Indo-European (PIE) forms:
The following table indicates the correspondence between spelling and IPA pronunciation:
1See the section on consonant allophones for a description of the allophones of "g" and "ġ" and when they occurred.
2Proto-Germanic /b d g/ had two allophones each: stops and fricatives . The stops occurred:
(By West Germanic times, /d/ was pronounced as a stop in all positions.) The fricative allophones are sometimes indicated in reconstructed forms, to make it easier to understand the development of Old English consonants.
A-fronting ("Anglo-Frisian brightening"), part 1.
The Anglo-Frisian languages underwent a sound change in their development from Proto-West Germanic by which "ā" , unless followed by /n, m/ or nasalized, was fronted to "ǣ" . This is part of a process known in the literature as Anglo-Frisian brightening. Note that nasalized "ą̄" was unaffected, and was later raised to "ǭ" (see below). Similarly, the sequences "ān, ām" were unaffected and later raised to "ōn, ōm". (It can be assumed, therefore, that a nasal consonant "n, m" caused a preceding long vowel to nasalize.)
Monophthongization of.
Proto-Germanic /ai/ was monophthongized to (). This occurred after the fronting of West Germanic to by Anglo-Frisian brightening. Examples are numerous, e.g. "stān" "stone" ← Proto-Germanic *"stainaz" (cf. Old Frisian "stēn" vs. Gothic "stáin", Old High German "stein"). In many cases the resulting was later fronted to by i-mutation, e.g. "dǣlan" "to divide" (cf. Old Frisian "dēla" vs. Gothic "dáiljan", Old High German "teilen").
A-fronting ("Anglo-Frisian brightening"), part 2.
Part two of a-fronting (or "Anglo-Frisian brightening") is very similar to part one except that it affects short "a" instead of long "ā" . "a" is fronted to "æ" unless followed by /n, m/ or nasalized — the same conditions as applied in part one.
See a-restoration below for examples.
Importantly, a-fronting was blocked by "n, m" only in stressed syllables, not unstressed syllables. This accounts for forms like "ġefen" (archaic "ġefæn") "given" from Proto-Germanic "*gebanaz". However, the infinitive "ġefan" retains its back vowel because it was followed by a nasal vowel in Proto-Germanic, which blocked the fronting: "*gebaną". This provides evidence that the fronting occurred before the loss of final "-ą", which occurred before the earliest written records of any West Germanic language.
Diphthong height harmonization.
Diphthongs in most languages are of the "closing" type, where the second segment is higher (if possible) than the first, e.g. Modern English /ai, au, oi, ei, ou/. Proto-Germanic likewise had /ai, au, eu/ and ( was an allophone of /eu/ when an /i/ or /j/ followed in the next syllable). Old English, however, had unusual "harmonic" diphthongs, where both segments were of the same height: "ea" , "eo" , "io" , "ie" . Note that all of these diphthongs could occur both
short (monomoraic), i.e. , and long (bimoraic), i.e. . Note also that the spelling of the diphthongs differs somewhat from their assumed pronunciation. The interpretations "ea" and "eo" are generally accepted (evidence for the former comes from various sources, e.g. the behavior of breaking and back mutation below) and the Middle English development of "ea" into the short low-central vowel ). However, the interpretations "io" and especially "ie" are controversial, with many (especially more traditional) sources assuming that the pronunciation matched the spelling, i.e. "io" and "ie" — that is, these diphthongs were of the "opening" rather than harmonic type.
The process that produced harmonic diphthongs from earlier closing diphthongs is called diphthong height harmonization. Specifically, the second segment of a diphthong was changed to be the same height as the first segment. Proto-Germanic diphthongs were affected as follows:
Note that the remaining Old English diphthongs were due to other processes, such as breaking, back mutation and i-mutation.
Late in the development of the standard West Saxon dialect, "io" (both long and short) became "eo", merging with existing "eo". This is in fact one of the most noticeable differences between early Old English (c. 900 AD) and late Old English (c. 1000 AD).
Breaking and retraction.
Breaking in Old English is the diphthongization of the short front vowels to short (monomoraic) when followed by , or by or plus another consonant. Long ' similarly broke to ', but only when followed by . Note that /l/ in coda position has a velar quality (the "dark l" allophone in present-day English "all", "cold"), and is therefore indicated as . The geminates "rr" and "ll" usually count as "r" or "l" plus another consonant, although "ll" produced by West Germanic gemination doesn't count. (More correctly, /i/ or /j/ in the following syllable prevents breaking from occurring.)
Note that were lowered to in late Old English (see above).
The exact conditions for breaking vary somewhat depending on the sound being broken:
Examples:
The i-mutation of broken (whether long or short) is spelled "ie" (possibly , see above).
Examples:
Note that in some dialects was backed (retracted) to () rather than broken, when occurring in the circumstances described above that would normally trigger breaking. This happened in the dialect of Anglia that partially underlies Modern English, and explains why Old English "ceald" appears as Modern English "cold" (actually from Anglian Old English "cald") rather than "*cheald" (the expected result of "ceald").
Both breaking and retraction are fundamentally phenomena of assimilation to a following velar consonant. Note that /w/ is in fact a velar consonant, while /h/, /l/, and /r/ are less obviously so. It is therefore assumed that, at least at the time of the occurrence of breaking and retraction, /h/ was pronounced or similar — at least when following a vowel — and /l/ and /r/ before a consonant had a velar or retroflex quality and were pronounced and , or similar. Breaking and retraction occurred several hundred years before recorded Old English. However, based on evidence from Middle and Modern English, it is assumed that /l/ and /r/ maintained the same velar/retroflex allophones in the same contexts into recorded Old English. As for /h/, the later changes of h-loss and palatalization indicate that some changes occurred in the allophones of /h/; see above.
A-restoration.
After breaking occurred, short (and in some dialects long as well), was backed to () when there was a back vowel in the following syllable. This is called "a-restoration" because it partly restored original , which had earlier been fronted to (see above). (Note: The situation is complicated by a later change in some dialects called "Second Fronting" that fronted short restored to for the second time, while raising to . This did not affect the standard West Saxon dialect of Old English.)
Because strong masculine and neuter nouns have back vowels in the plural, alternations like in the singular vs. in the plural are common in this noun class:
A-restoration occurred before the *"ō" of the weak verb suffix *"-ōj-", although this surfaces in Old English as the front vowel "i", as in "to make" < *"makōjan-".
Breaking (see above) occurred between a-fronting and a-restoration. This order is necessary to account for words like "slēan" "to slay" (actually pronounced ) from original *"slahan": > (a-fronting) > (breaking; inhibits a-restoration) > (h-loss) > (vowel coalescence, compensatory lengthening).
A-restoration interacted in a tricky fashion with a-fronting (Anglo-Frisian brightening) to produce e.g. "brecan" "to break" from Proto-Germanic "*brekaną" but "brecen" "broken" from Proto-Germanic "*brekanaz". Basically:
Note that the key difference is in steps 3 and 4, where nasalized "ą" is unaffected by a-fronting even though the sequence "an" is in fact affected, since it occurs in an unstressed syllable. This leads to a final-syllable difference between "a" and "æ", which is transferred to the preceding syllable in step 4.
Palatalization.
Palatalization of velars occurred before, and sometimes after, front vowels. This occurred after a-restoration and before i-mutation, but it is unclear whether it occurred before or after h-loss. Thus, it did not occur in "galan" "to sing" (cf. modern English "regale"), with the first /a/ backed from /æ/ due to a-restoration. Similarly, palatalization occurred in "dæġ" "day" but not in a-restored "dagas" "days" (cf. dialectal English "dawes" "days") or in OE "dagung" "dawn", where the "w" is the modern reflex of unpalatalized . Nor did it occur in "cyning" "king", with front /y/ developed from /u/ due to i-mutation.
The exact circumstances in which palatalization occurred are complicated; see the above section on the distribution of velars and palatals for more information. However, the following summary is largely accurate:
Second fronting.
Second fronting fronted /a/ to /æ/, and /æ/ to /e/, later than related processes of a-fronting and a-restoration. Second fronting did not affect the standard West Saxon dialect. In fact, it took place only in a relatively small section of the area (English Midlands) where the Mercian dialect was spoken. Mercian itself was a subdialect of the Anglian dialect (which includes all of Central and Northern England).
Palatal diphthongization.
The vowels "ie"/"īe" and "ea"/"ēa" generally occur in Old English after "ċ", "ġ", "sċ" where the vowels "e"/"ē" and "æ"/"ǣ" would be expected.
Examples:
A similar process produces "eo" in place of "o" or "u", and "ea" in place of "a", when following "ċ", "ġ", "sċ":
It is generally agreed that the second process (affecting "a, o, u") is purely an orthographic convention, i.e. the vowels continued to be pronounced "a, o, u" despite their spelling as diphthongs. Evidence from this comes from Middle and Modern English. For example, if "ġeong" and "sċeolde" were really pronounced as written, they should appear in Modern English as "*yeng" and "*shield" instead of "young" and "should".
The traditional view of the first process is that the vowels "e"/"ē" and "æ"/"ǣ" were actually diphthongized in this position.
A minority view is that this phenomenon is purely orthographic, and that no diphthongization took place. Under this view, the words listed above have the following pronunciations:
The main arguments in favor of this view are the fact that the corresponding process involving back vowels is indeed purely orthographic, and that diphthongizations like → and → (if this is the correct interpretation of orthographic "ie") are phonetically unmotivated in the context of a preceding palatal or postalveolar consonant.
It is disputed whether there is Middle English evidence of the reality of this change in Old English.
Metathesis of "r".
Original sequences of an "r" followed by a short vowel metathesized, with the vowel and "r" switching places. This normally only occurred when the next following consonant was "s" or "n", and sometimes "d".
Not all potential words to which metathesis can apply are actually affected, and many of the above words also appear in their unmetathesized form (e.g. "græs" "grass", "rinnan" "to run", "wrenna" "wren", rare forms "brustæn" "burst (past part.)", "þrescenne" "to thresh", "onbran" "set fire to (past)", "īsern" "iron", "ren-" "house", "þridda" "third"; "briddes" "birds" in Chaucer). Note also that many of the words have come down to Modern English in their unmetathesized forms.
Metathesis in the other direction occasionally occurs before "ht", e.g. "wrohte" "worked" (cf. obsolescent "wrought"; Gothic "wurhta"), Northumbrian "breht" ~ "bryht" "bright" (Gothic "baírhts"), "fryhto" "fright" (Gothic "faúrhtei"), "wryhta" "maker" (cf. "wright"; Old Saxon "wurhtio"). Unmetathesized forms of all of these words also occur in Old English. The phenomenon occurred in most Germanic languages.
I-mutation (i-umlaut).
See i-mutation in Old English.
Final a-loss.
Absolutely final unstressed low vowels ("-æ" from Proto-Germanic "-a(z)" by Anglo-Frisian brightening, and "-ą") were lost. Note that final "-z" was lost already in West Germanic times. Preceding "-j-", "-ij-", and "-w-" were vocalized to "-i", "-ī" and "-u", respectively. This occurred after breaking, since PG *' was affected, becoming OE "bearu", while words in PG *"-uz" were not. (Apparent instances of such breaking are due to the later process of back umlaut, which did not apply across all consonants, c.f. unbroken West Saxon OE "teru" "tear" < PG *' but broken "smeoru" "grease" < PG *', where back umlaut did not apply across "-r-" in West Saxon.) It also probably occurred after a-restoration; see that section for examples showing this. It apparently occurred before high-vowel loss, because the preceding vocalized semivowels were affected by this process; e.g. "gād" "lack" < *"gādu" (by high-vowel loss) < PG *' (cf. Gothic "gaidw"). It's unclear if it occurred before or after i-mutation.
Medial syncopation.
In medial syllables, short low and mid vowels () are deleted in all open syllables.
Short high vowels () are deleted in open syllables following a long syllable, but usually remain following a short syllable; this is part of the process of high-vowel loss.
Syncopation of low/mid vowels happens after i-mutation and before high-vowel loss.
An example of why it occurs after i-mutation is "mæġden" "maiden":
If medial syncopation of short low/mid vowels occurred before i-mutation, the result in Old English would be **"meġden".
An example of why syncopation occurs before high-vowel loss is "sāw(o)l" "soul":
If it occurred after high-vowel loss, the result in Old English would be **"sāwlu".
High-vowel loss.
In an unstressed open syllable, and (including final /-u/ from earlier ) were lost when following a long syllable (i.e. one with a long vowel or diphthong, or followed by two consonants), but not when following a short syllable (i.e. one with a short vowel followed by a single consonant). This took place in two types of contexts:
High-vowel loss caused many paradigms to split depending on the length of the root syllable, with "-u" or "-e" (from *"-i") appearing after short but not long syllables. For example,
This loss affected the plural of root nouns, e.g. PrePG *' > PG *' > *' > OE ' "feet (nom.)". All such nouns had long-syllable stems, and so all were without ending in the plural, with the plural marked only by i-mutation.
Note that two-syllable nouns consisting of two short syllables were treated as if they had a single long syllable — a type of equivalence found elsewhere in the early Germanic languages, e.g. in the handling of Sievers' law in Proto-Norse, as well as in the metric rules of Germanic alliterative poetry. Hence, final high vowels are dropped. However, in a two-syllable noun consisting of a long first syllable, the length of the second syllable determines whether the high vowel is dropped. Examples (all are neuter nouns):
Note also the following apparent exceptions:
In reality, these aren't exceptions because at the time of high-vowel loss the words had the same two-syllable long-short root structure as "hēafod" (see above).
As a result, high-vowel loss must have occurred after i-mutation but before the loss of internal "-(i)j-", which occurred shortly after i-mutation.
Paradigm split also occurred medially as a result of high-vowel loss, e.g. in the past tense forms of Class I weak forms:
Normally, syncopation (i.e. vowel loss) does not occur in closed syllables, e.g. "Englisċe" "English", "ǣresta" "earliest", "sċēawunge" "a showing, inspection" (each word with an inflected ending following it). However, syncopation passes its usual limits in certain West Saxon verbal and adjectival forms, e.g. the present tense of strong verbs ("birst" "(you) carry" < PG *beris-tu, "birþ" "(he) carries" < PG *beriþ, similarly "dēmst, dēmþ" "(you) judge, (he) judges") and comparative adjectives ("ġinġsta" "youngest" < PG *"jungistô", similarly "strenġsta" "strongest", "lǣsta" "least" < *"lǣsesta" < PG "*laisistô").
When both medial and final high-vowel loss can operate in a single word, medial but not final loss occurs:
This implies that final high-vowel loss must precede medial high-vowel loss; else the result would be **"strengþ, hēafd".
Loss of -(i)j-.
Internal "-j-" and its Sievers' law variant "-ij-", when they still remained in an internal syllable, were lost just after high-vowel loss, but only after a long syllable. Hence:
Note that in Proto-Germanic, the non-Sievers'-law variant "-j-" occurred only after short syllables, but due to West Germanic gemination, a consonant directly preceding the "-j-" was doubled, creating a long syllable. West Germanic gemination didn't apply to /r/, leaving a short syllable, and hence /j/ wasn't lost in such circumstances:
By Sievers' law, the variant /ij/ occurred only after long syllables, and thus was always lost when it was still word-internal at this point.
When "-j-" and "-ij-" became word-final after loss of a following vowel or vowel+/z/, they were converted into "-i" and "-ī", respectively. The former was affected by high-vowel loss, surfacing as "-e" when not deleted (i.e. after /r/), while the latter always surfaces as "-e":
It is possible that loss of medial "-j-" occurred slightly earlier than loss of "-ij-", and in particular before high-vowel loss. This appears to be necessary to explain short "-jō" stem words like "nytt" "use":
If high-vowel deletion occurred first, the result would presumably be an unattested **"nytte".
A similar loss of "-(i)j-" occurred in the other West Germanic languages, although after the earliest records of those languages (especially Old Saxon, which still has written "settian", "hēliand" corresponding to Old English "settan" "to set", "hǣlend" "savior"). Some details are different, as the form "kunni" with retained "-i" is found in Old Saxon, Old Dutch and Old High German (but note Old Frisian "kenn, kin").
This did not affect the new (< ) formed from palatalization of PG , suggesting that it was still a palatal fricative at the time of the change. For example, PG *"" > early OE * > OE "wrēġan" ().
Back mutation.
Back mutation (sometimes back umlaut, guttural umlaut or u-umlaut) is a change that took place in late prehistoric Old English and caused short "e, i" and sometimes "a" to break into a diphthong ("eo, io, ea" respectively, similar to breaking) when a back vowel ("u, o, ō, a") occurred in the following syllable. Examples:
Note that "io" turned into "eo" in late Old English.
A number of restrictions governed whether back mutation took place:
Anglian smoothing.
In the Anglian (i.e. Mercian and Northumbrian) dialects of Old English, a process called smoothing undid many of the effects of breaking. In particular, before a velar (/h/, /g/, /k/) or before an /r/ or /l/ followed by a velar, diphthongs were reduced to monophthongs. Note that the context for smoothing is similar to the context for the earlier process of breaking that produced many of the diphthongs in the first place. In particular:
This change preceded h-loss and vowel assimilation.
Note also that the diphthongs "ie" and "īe" did not exist in Anglian (or in fact in any dialect other than West Saxon).
H-loss.
In the same contexts where the voiceless fricatives become voiced, i.e. between vowels and between a voiced consonant and a vowel, is lost, with compensatory lengthening of the preceding vowel if it is short. This occurs after breaking; hence breaking before and takes place regardless of whether the is lost by this rule. An unstressed short vowel is absorbed into the preceding long vowel.
Examples:
Vowel assimilation.
Two vowels that occurred in hiatus (i.e. next to each other, with no consonant separating) collapsed into a single long vowel. Many occurrences were due to h-loss, but some came from other sources, e.g. loss of /j/ or /w/ after a front vowel. (Loss of /j/ occurred early, in Proto-Germanic times. Loss of /w/ occurred later, after i-umlaut.) If the first vowel was "e" or "i" (long or short), and the second vowel was a back vowel, a diphthong resulted. Examples:
Palatal umlaut.
Palatal umlaut is a process whereby short "e, eo, io" appear as "i" (occasionally "ie") before final "ht, hs, hþ". Examples:
Unstressed vowel reduction.
There was steady vowel reduction in unstressed syllables, in a number of stages:
A table showing these developments in more detail is found in Proto-Germanic#Later developments.
Dialects.
As noted in the main page on Old English, there were four major dialect groups in Old English: West Saxon, Mercian, Northumbrian, and Kentish. West Saxon and Kentish occurred in the south, approximately to the south of the Thames river. Mercian constituted the middle section of the country, divided from the southern dialects by the Thames and from Northumbrian by the Humber river. In the south, the easternmost portion was Kentish and everywhere else was West Saxon. Mercian and Northumbrian are often grouped together as "Anglian".
The biggest differences occurred between West Saxon and the other groups. The differences occurred mostly in the front vowels, and particularly the diphthongs. (However, Northumbrian was distinguished from the rest by much less palatalization. Forms in Modern English with hard /k/ and /g/ where a palatalized sound would be expected from Old English are due either to Northumbrian influence or to direct borrowing from Scandinavian. Note that, in fact, the lack of palatalization in Northumbrian was probably due to heavy Scandinavian influence.)
The early history of Kentish was similar to Anglian, but sometime around the ninth century all of the front vowels "æ, e, y" (long and short) merged into "e" (long and short). The further discussion concerns the differences between Anglian and West Saxon, with the understanding that Kentish, other than where noted, can be derived from Anglian by front-vowel merger. The primary differences were:
As mentioned above, Modern English derives mostly from the Anglian dialect rather than the standard West Saxon dialect of Old English. However, since London sits on the Thames near the boundary of the Anglian, West Saxon, and Kentish dialects, some West Saxon and Kentish forms have entered Modern English. For example, "bury" has its spelling derived from West Saxon and its pronunciation from Kentish (see below).
Changes leading up to Middle and Modern English.
For a detailed description of the changes between Old English and Middle/Modern English, see the article on the phonological history of English. A summary of the main vowel changes is presented below. Note that the spelling of Modern English largely reflects Middle English pronunciation. Note also that this table presents only the general developments. Many exceptional outcomes occurred in particular environments, e.g. vowels were often lengthened in late Old English before /ld/, /nd/, /mb/; vowels changed in complex ways before /r/, throughout the history of English; vowels were diphthongized in Middle English before /h/; new diphthongs arose in Middle English by the combination of vowels with Old English "w", "g" > , and "ġ" ; etc. The only conditional development considered in detail below is Middle English open-syllable lengthening. Note that, in the column on modern spelling, "CV" means a sequence of a single consonant followed by a vowel.
Note that the Modern English vowel usually spelled "au" (British , American ) does not appear in the above chart. Its main source is late Middle English /au/, which come from various sources: Old English "aw" and "ag" ("claw" < "clawu", "law" < "lagu"); diphthongization before /h/ ("sought" < "sōhte", "taught" < "tāhte", "daughter" < "dohtor"); borrowings from Latin and French ("fawn" < Old French "faune", "Paul" < Latin "Paulus"). Other sources are Early Modern English lengthening of /a/ before /l/ ("salt, all"); occasional shortening and later re-lengthening of Middle English ("broad" < < "brād"); and in American English, lengthening of short "o" before unvoiced fricatives and voiced velars ("dog, long, off, cross, moth", all with in American English, at least in dialects that still maintain the difference between and ).
As mentioned above, Modern English is derived from the Middle English of London, which is derived largely from Anglian Old English, with some admixture of West Saxon and Kentish. One of the most noticeable differences among the dialects is the handling of original Old English . By the time of the written Old English documents, the Old English of Kent had already unrounded to , and the late Old English of Anglia unrounded to . In the West Saxon area, remained as such well into Middle English times, and was written "u" in Middle English documents from this area. Some words with this sound were borrowed into London Middle English, where the unfamiliar was substituted with . Hence:
Note that some apparent instances of modern "e" for Old English "y" are actually regular developments, particularly where the "y" is a development of earlier (West Saxon) "ie" from i-mutation of "ea", as the normal i-mutation of "ea" in Anglian is "e"; for example, "stern" < "styrne" < "*starnijaz", "steel" < "stȳle" < "*stahliją" (cf. Old Saxon "stehli"). Also, some apparent instances of modern "u" for Old English "y" may actually be due to the influence of a related form with unmutated "u", e.g. "sundry" < "syndriġ", influenced by "sundor" "apart, differently" (cf. "to sunder" and "asunder").

</doc>
<doc id="2890090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890090" title="Set dresser">
Set dresser

In Film.
Set dressers arrange objects on a film set before shooting. They work under the direction of a leadman, a set decorator and a production designer. Set dressers place furniture, hang pictures, and put out decorative items. They are also responsible for some light construction and assembly of small items, such as air-conditioning ducts. They also move items as necessary to make room for the filming equipment. During the shoot, the prop department works with an on-set dresser to ensure that the props and furnishing are in the proper location for the script and to maintain continuity, as scenes are often shot out of order.
In Theater.
Set dressers "dress" the set of a play. Set dressers specifically deal with items on stage that are not interacted with by actors. Often set dressers are in charge of finding and installing curtains, wallpaper, photos, bedspreads, rugs and other items onto the set.
Set dressers are sometimes a part of the props department, construction department or their own department. Whether set dressing is its own department is often dependent on how much money a theater has. Set dressers also often have a lot of cross over work with the props department or construction department.
The set dressing department works under the director, producer and scenic designer.

</doc>
<doc id="2890097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890097" title="Subbase (pavement)">
Subbase (pavement)

In highway engineering, subbase is the layer of aggregate material laid on the subgrade, on which the base course layer is located. It may be omitted when there will be only foot traffic on the pavement, but it is necessary for surfaces used by vehicles.
Subbase is often the main load-bearing layer of the pavement. Its role is to spread the load evenly over the subgrade. The materials used may be either unbound granular, or cement-bound. The quality of subbase is very important for the useful life of the road.
Unbound granular materials are usually crushed stone, crushed slag or concrete, or slate. 
Cement-bound materials come in multiple types. Mass concrete is used where exceptional loads are expected, with thickness usually 100-150 mm, and optional reinforcement with steel mesh or polymer fibers. Other cement bound materials (CBM), with less strength but also lower cost, are used. They are rated by strength, from the weakest CBM 1 (also formerly known as soil cement) through CBM 2 to CBM 3, 4, and 5, which are more similar to concrete and are called "lean mix".
The thickness of subbase can range from 75-100 mm for garden paths through 100-150 mm for driveways and public footpaths, to 150-225 mm for heavy used roads, and more for highways.
Low quality subbase material should not be accepted, including large pieces of rock and concrete.

</doc>
<doc id="2890103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890103" title="Charlotte Auerbach">
Charlotte Auerbach

Charlotte Auerbach (14 May 1899 - 17 March 1994), known by her friends as 'Lotte', was a German-Jewish zoologist and geneticist who contributed to founding the science of mutagenesis. She became well known after 1942 when she discovered with A. J. Clark and J. M. Robson that mustard gas could cause mutations in fruit flies. She wrote 91 scientific papers, and was a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh as of the Royal Society of London. In 1977, she was awarded the Royal Society's Darwin Medal. Aside her scientific contributions and love of science, she was remarkable in many other ways, including her wide interests, independence, modesty, and transparent honesty (Beale 1995, Kilbey 1995).
Early science education - between science teaching and PhD.
Charlotte Auerbach may have been influenced by the scientists in her family: her father Friedrich Auerbach was a chemist, her uncle a physicist, and her grandfather the anatomist Leopold Auerbach. She studied Biology and Chemistry at the Universities of Würzburg, Freiburg and Berlin. She was taught and inspired by Karl Haider and Max Hartmann in Berlin, and later in Würzburg by Hans Kniep. After very good examinations in biology, chemistry, and physics, she initially decided to become a secondary-school teacher of science, passing the exams for that, with distinction in 1924. She taught in Heidelberg (1924-1925) and briefly at the University of Frankfurt, from which she was dismissed - probably because she was Jewish. In 1928 she started postgraduate research at the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Biology (Berlin-Dahlem) in Developmental Physiology under Otto Mangold. In 1929 she abandoned her work with Mangold: he would later join the Nazi party, and Auerbach found his dictatorial manner unpleasant. In reply to her suggestion to change direction of her project, he replied "You are my student, you do as I say. What you think is of no consequence!" (Kilbey 1995). She again taught biology in several schools in Berlin - until the Nazi party ended this by law since she was Jewish. Following her mother's advice, she left the country in 1933 and fled to Edinburgh in Scotland where she got her PhD in 1935 at the Institute of Animal Genetics in the University of Edinburgh. She would stay affiliated to this Institute throughout her whole career. After being an assistant instructor in animal genetics, she became a lecturer in 1947, Professor of Genetics in 1967 and Professor emeritus in 1969.
Research in Edinburgh.
Auerbach's dissertation was on the development of legs Drosophila (Kilbey 1995). After her dissertation she became a personal assistant to Crew who connected her to the lively group of scientists he had assembled, and to invited scientists including Julian Huxley, J.B.S. Haldane, and most importantly to Lotte, to Hermann Joseph Muller (Kilbey 1995). The famous geneticist and mutation researcher stayed in Edinburgh 1938-1940 and introduced her to mutation research. Initially, she refused to work with Muller, when Crew told her to. Muller however who was present when she opposed her boss, assured her that he would only want to work with people who are interested in the projects. But since she was interested in how genes operate, Muller noted that to understand this it would be important to understand what happens if the genes are mutated - this convinced her (Kilbey 1995). She said herself "His enthusiasm for mutation research was infectious and from that day on I switched to mutation research. I have never regretted it."
Teaching.
While she found teaching at the schools sometimes difficult, she enjoyed teaching at the University and her lectures were models of clarity, usually delivered without any notes. She spoke with authority, but she did not mind questions, and allowed time for discussions (Kilbey 1995). She wrote several books to teach Genetics, several of them were translated in other languages.
Other interests.
Apart from her scientific work she was involved in musical activities. She supported the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament (CND), was a fierce opponent of apartheid, and a confirmed liberal. In 1947, she published a book of fairy stories titled "Adventures with Rosalind" under the pen-name of Charlotte Austen.
The missing family.
Charlotte was the only child of her parents, born into a third-generation Jewish family who had lived for several generations in Breslau. In 1933, at the age of 34, she fled to Scotland because of anti-Semitism and became a naturalised British citizen in 1939. Charlotte Auerbach never married and had no children of her own. However, she loved children and noted to friends that she would have sacrificed science for having an own family. She unofficially 'adopted' two boys, one, Michael Avern, was the child of a German-speaking companion to her elderly mother. She helped to upbring Michael and gave him later her house in Edinburgh. The other, Angelo Alecci, came from a poor Sicilian family and the Save the Children Fund connected Charlotte with him (Beale 1995). Also, she took care of her ageing mother. In 1989, at the age of 90, she gave her house in Edinburgh to Michael and moved into the Abbeyfield Home in Grange Loan, Edinburgh, which was run by the church. She died five years later, in 1994.
She may always have felt something missing in her life, felt other people with a family, like her cousin, lead a much richer life. In a letter to her cousin she cites Eduard Mörike "Wolltest mit Freuden mich nicht ueberschuetten, und wolltest mit Leiden mich nicht ueberschuetten" - (You did not want to shower me with joy - and you did not want to shower me with suffering.) She wrote that she missed the feeling to be of personal-beloved importance to some people.
Awards, honors, and distinctions.
1947 Keith Prize, Royal Society of Edinburgh,
1949 Fellow of Royal Society of Edinburgh,
1957 Fellow of Royal Society,
1968 Foreign Member, Danish Academy of Science,
1970 Foreign Member, National Academy of Sciences, U.S.A.,
1975 Honorary Degree, Leiden University,
1977 Darwin Medal, Royal Society, Honorary Degree, Trinity College, Dublin, and Honorary Degree, Cambridge University,
1982 Prix de d’Institut de la Vie (Fond, Electricité de France),
1984 Gregor Mendel Preis, German Genetical Society,
1984 Honorary Degree, Indiana University, U.S.A.
The greatest reward for herself however was the telegram her hero Hermann Joseph Muller sent after their first striking mutant results in June 1941, which read: "We are thrilled by your major discovery opening great theoretical and practical field. Congratulations."
Legacy.
There is a street named "Charlotte-Auerbach-Straße" in Stuhr-Brinkum.

</doc>
<doc id="2890107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890107" title="122 mm gun M1931/37 (A-19)">
122 mm gun M1931/37 (A-19)

122 mm corps gun M1931/37 (A-19) () was a Soviet field gun developed in late 1930s by combining the barrel of the 122 mm gun M1931 (A-19) and the carriage of the 152 mm howitzer-gun M1937 (ML-20). The gun was in production from 1939 until 1946. It saw action in World War II (primarily with corps and RVGK artillery of the Red Army) and remained in service for a long time after the end of the war. Vehicle-mounted variants of the gun were fitted to the IS-2 and 3 tanks and ISU-122 self-propelled gun.
Development history.
In 1936 the Red Army adopted the 122 mm gun M1931, also known as A-19. Unlike earlier ordnance pieces used by the Red Army, it had split trail carriage with suspension, and consequently improved mobility and traverse. The carriage of M1931 had a number of shortcomings though. The elevation mechanism was slow and unreliable; solid-tired wheels hindered mobility to some extent; there were technological problems in carriage production.
Soon after the M1931, the Red Army received another artillery piece in form of the 152 mm howitzer-gun M1937 (ML-20), developed at the No. 172 Plant, under F. F. Petrov. This led to an upgrade of the M1931, handled also by Petrov's design bureau. The barrel of the M1931 was placed on the carriage of a ML-20. The improved gun successfully underwent trials in September–October 1938 and on 29 April 1939 was adopted as 122 mm corps gun M1931/37. Unusually, the new variant, like the old one, was referred to as A-19.
Production history.
The M1931/37 was manufactured by the "Barrikady Plant" in Stalingrad (1939–41), "No. 172 Plant" (1941–46). The number of M1931/37s manufactured can be estimated at about 2,450, not including vehicle-mounted barrels.
Description.
Like barrel of late production M1931, the barrel of the M1931/37 was of loose liner construction, and consisted of liner, jacket and screwed-upon breech. The breechblock was of interrupted screw type, similar in construction to that of the 152 mm howitzer M1910/37. Recoil system consisted of hydraulic recoil buffer and hydropneumatic recuperator, both located inside the cradle under the barrel.
The gun had split trail carriage adapted from the 152 mm howitzer-gun M1937 (ML-20). The carriage was fitted with leaf spring suspension and metal wheels with pneumatic tires. The carriage also featured equlibrator. The shield gave the crew some protection from small arms and shell fragments.
The M1931/37 was transported as a single piece, with barrel pulled back. It was permitted to tow the gun with barrel in its normal position, but for short distances only and with speed of no more than 4–5 km/h. Several types of artillery tractors were used: S-2 Stalinets-2, Komintern and, from 1943, Ya-12.
Organization and employment.
Both variants - M1931 and M1931/37 - had the same place in army organizations, were often used alongside each other and combat reports rarely differentiate between them; consequently, the data in this section is for M1931 and M1931/37 together, unless specified otherwise.
Red Army.
The A-19 was originally intended for corps artillery. Together with ML-20 it formed a so-called "corps duplex". In 1940-41 there were three types of corps artillery regiments:
Soon after the outbreak of the Great Patriotic War the corps artillery was eliminated (as rifle corps themselves were eliminated) and was only reintroduced late in the war. Those new artillery regiments were issued 122 mm guns along with other pieces, mainly 107 mm guns and 152 mm howitzers, in total 16-20 pieces per regiment. On 1 June 1944, RKKA corps artillery possessed 387 A-19s (along with some 750 107 mm and 152 mm pieces), an on 1 May 1945 - 289 A-19s (again along with some 750 100 mm, 107 mm and 152 mm pieces).
The gun was also used by artillery units of the Reserve of the Main Command (RVGK). In mid-1941 a cannon regiment of the RVGK had 48 A-19; in autumn 1941 these regiments were reorganized, a new, smaller, regiment had 18 A-19s. From 1942 cannon brigades were introduced, with 36 A-19s each. Such brigade could be a part of an artillery division - a huge formation, with up to four brigades of A-19 or ML-20 (meaning up to 144 pieces).
The first combat use of the A-19 was in the Battle of Khalkhin Gol. It also saw combat in the Winter War. On 1 March 1940 there were 130 A-19 guns at the frontline. Three pieces were lost.
By June 1941 the RKKA possessed, according to different sources, 1257 (1236 in the Army and 21 in the Navy) or 1300 A-19s. The gun proceeded to be used throughout the Great Patriotic War.
The A-19 was primarily used for indirect fire against enemy personnel, fortifications and key objects in the near rear. It was also equipped with armour-piercing shells for direct fire against armoured targets. Although not an ideal anti-tank gun because of its large size, slow traverse and relatively slow rate of fire, in 1943 the A-19 was one of only a few Soviet guns effective against the new German tanks, such as the Tiger and Elefant.
It is said that an A-19 was the first gun to fire at the start of the Battle of Berlin.
Other operators.
In the early stage of the Great Patriotic War hundreds of A-19s fell into the hands of Wehrmacht. Both variants were adopted - M1931 as 12,2 cm K.390/1(r) and M1931/37 as 12,2 cm K.390/2(r). Germans used a total of 424 of these guns in field and coastal artillery and manufactured ammunition for them.
The Finnish Army captured 25 pieces in 1941 and also pressed them into service. The same designation 122 K/31 was applied to both variants. Because of shortage in heavy tractors, the gun was mostly used in coastal artillery. Four pieces were lost; the rest remained in service after the war. In 1980s some pieces had their barrels replaced with 152 mm barrels of ML-20; the resulting pieces were designated 152 H 37-31. In late 1980s both 152 H 37-31 and the remaining 122 K/31 received new 152 mm L/32 barrels manufactured by Vammas, to become 152 H 88-31. Only in 2007 the Finnish Army began to remove these guns from service.
The A-19s were used by Polish Armed Forces in the East in 1944-45 and remained in Polish service after the war. In 1952 the Polish Army possessed 63 pieces. In 1980s, in order to improve their mobility, the Polish guns were fitted with wheels from KrAZ-255B truck, resulting in 122 mm armata wz. 1931/37/85. By 2004 the guns were removed from service.
78 122 mm guns were supplied to Yugoslavia.
Other recipients of the M1931/37 were Syria (at least 100 pieces, currently in storage) and Egypt. China also purchased a number of the M1931/37 during early stages of the Second Sino-Japanese War.
Ammunition.
The gun fired separate loading, cased charge ammunition, with one of four possible propellant charges - the full, no. 1, no. 2 and no. 3 (the smallest). In addition to 122 mm gun shells, the A-19 could fire 122 mm howitzer shells; however because of lesser durability of those shells they could not be used with full charge.
Surviving pieces.
The M1931/37 can be seen, among other places:

</doc>
<doc id="2890113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890113" title="Andrea Lowe">
Andrea Lowe

Andrea Lowe (born 1 January 1975 in Arnold, Nottinghamshire) is an English actress.
Career.
She started her theatre career at the Sheffield's Crucible Theatre in the play "The Birthday Party" by Harold Pinter.
In 1993 she had her first film role, alongside Samantha Morton, in the musical comedy drama called "The Token King", set in a high school in Nottingham. Lowe guest starred in two episodes of the second season of "The Tudors" in which she played Lady Eleanor Luke, a fictional noblewoman who is briefly the mistress of Henry VIII, and she played the role of Annie Cabbot in the British television network ITV series DCI Banks.
Personal life.
Lowe lives with her fashion buyer fiancé Terry Betts in London’s East End and was due to give birth to their first child in May 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="2890115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890115" title="Birstall, West Yorkshire">
Birstall, West Yorkshire

Birstall is a large village in the metropolitan borough of Kirklees, West Yorkshire, England. Historically part of the West Riding of Yorkshire, it is situated roughly 6 miles south-west of Leeds. It features a quaint triangular Victorian marketplace, which replaced an earlier market on High Street in the Georgian area of the village further up the hill. There is still a market on Thursdays.
Situated centrally between Leeds, Bradford, Huddersfield and Wakefield close to the M62 motorway, Birstall has always benefited from good transport links but more recently has seen massive growth because of the expansion of Leeds resulting in a growth of commuters wishing to live in more rural surroundings. At its outskirts, there is also a retail park featuring an IKEA store, Toys R Us, Next and Showcase Cinemas complex.
Birstall does not feature in the Domesday Book but is alluded to as one of two main settlements within Gomersal, and was listed in 'Pigot's National Commercial Directory for 1828-29' as one of the four villages which make up the township of Gomersal. 
Before 1937, Birstall had its own urban district council when financial discrepancies forced an unpopular merger with the UDC of neighbouring Batley. Just over 30 years later, this, in turn was merged into Kirklees when the metropolitan councils were formed.
The town has a reputation for discretion and silence. Locals insist that it is because no Birstall Luddites were ever arrested.
History.
Birstall's name means either "the fortified place" or "the place where the fort is". It is popularly thought that the original location of the Burgh-Stall (Burgh meaning a fortification and Stall meaning place) is where the St Peter's Church is located. However it is more probable that the church was built at the bottom of an ancient hill fort site. The church site was, in fact, built above a sharp bend on the Birstall Beck, below Gomersall, pre-Conquest known as Guthmers Halh or (a nook or corner of land). This area is also thought to be an Anglo-Saxon burial ground. 
The hill fort itself would have been situated high above the village, to one side of the present-day Raikes Lane, which heads towards Gildersome, and onto Leeds. In prehistoric days, trackways ran in various directions from one British settlement to another, one such settlement being on the top of Birstall Hill. This site was chosen for its central location amongst the nearby waterways and its accessibility to and from other nearby hill forts, such as Castle Hill at Almondbury in Huddersfield and Barwick-in Elmet, near Leeds. Following the course of Fieldhead Lane towards Drighlington is the Roman road of Tong Street. This location would give Birstall a great geographical advantage, making it within easy reach of the main thoroughfares of ancient Yorkshire.
A Roman tiled mosaic was unearthed at Birstall Smithies, a former early industrial slag smelting site, during excavations in 1965. This and a hoard of Roman coins discovered at the foot of Carr Lane, on what was then Birstall Recreation Ground indicate quite succinctly as to the prehistoric origins of Birstall. These coins, which were discovered in the 18th century, dated from 192 to 268 AD. 
A quarter of a mile up the hill from Birstall on Leeds Road, there was once a Roman watch tower. This observation point was built on the ridge or "brae" of the hill. One side overlooked the Birstall area, while the other looked downwards from Howden Clough and the valley towards upland Morley. This watchtower was known in the early 20th century to the local inhabitants as the Brass Castle, a corruption of Brae Castle. It followed the line of other such structures built in West Yorkshire, atop prominent projecting ridges. 
Moving further forward in time, but only a few hundred yards in location, there is the site of Moat Hill. This also just off Leeds Road was once the site of an important meeting place. An Anglo-Saxon parliament would meet here several times a year to discuss laws and "mete" out punishment. For the word moat (meet?) is a corruption of an ancient word, pronounced "mute", meaning a meeting place for official decisions. There were only a handful of these places in Anglo-Saxon Britain, with Birstall having been host to one of them. Others were in Scotland and at Tynwald Hill, on the Isle of Man, which still meets annually to this day, and forms the historic place of parliament for that independent island.
Birstall is most famously the birthplace of Joseph Priestley, the discoverer of Oxygen amongst many other things. Priestley was tutored extensively by the then Vicar of Birstall, a highly educated Edinburgh man with a keen interest in science. He was also a pupil at Batley Grammar School for Boys, founded in 1612 by the Rev. William Lee, and the school still remains on Carlinghow Hill (approximately one mile from Birstall).
Also born here was John Nelson, a stonemason who was converted by John Wesley to Methodism whilst working in London and who returned to Birstall and became one of Wesley's most important preachers.
Birstall enjoyed prosperity even before the Industrial Revolution, being within a small area that was a centre of excellence for the English white cloth industry. However, the Industrial Revolution saw massive growth, and the architecture of the period still dominates today. The wider area became known as the Heavy Woollen District, although the decline in textile production has led to a decline in its usage; it is still used in local sport however. Most notable of the features of this period is the cobbled market place sporting a statue of Priestley, which was erected in 1912 by public subscription and sculpted by Frances Darlington. It is one of very few pieces of her work on public display. 
The local council's area committee has recently invested £900,000 in refurbishing the Birstall marketplace and "regenerating" the village after a long, hard campaign by locals. The refurbishments are now complete with most of the original cobbles being taken away and only the odd few remaining. The statue of Joseph Priestley was not moved and is still in its original place. (See below, Town Centre Upgrade.)
Birstall features the picturesque St Peter's Church dating to the time of Henry VIII, although the original tower is much earlier and may have been part of the original "Burgh Stall" or "Fortified Place". A family reconstitution of the parish registers of St Peter's, Birstall (1595–1812) was undertaken by Harvey Thwaite, and is one of the group of twenty-six family reconstitution studies that have been extensively used by the Cambridge Group for the History of Population and Social Structure.
Nearby, sits Oakwell Hall, an Elizabethan manor house romanticised by Charlotte Brontë as 'Fieldhead' in her novel "Shirley".
Also of interest is an 18th century windmill which stands in the grounds of St Saviour's Junior School and has provided local names such as 'Windmill Estate' and 'Miller's Croft'.
Anyone interested in the history of Birstall should pay a visit to the Black Bull Inn, situated directly behind St Peter's Church on Kirkgate. The pub has dozens of photographs of the village, most dating from around the 1900 to 1930 period, and its upstairs room once housed a debtors' courtroom for Birstall and Batley.
Birstall is known for its large retail areas adjacent to Junction 27 of the M62, Birstall Shopping Park (also referred to as West Yorkshire Retail Park), although most of the businesses on the park (including Ikea and the Showcase Cinema) claim to be trading in Leeds. The town at one stage contained a large night club called 'Barcelona', however this closed down and is now a DW Sports shop and fitness club. In addition to Birstall Shopping Park there is the Junction 27 Retail Park, which specialises in bulky goods and electronics and is under different ownership to Birstall Shopping Park.
Town centre upgrade.
In mid-2008 Birstall received a £900,000 cash injection to improve the aesthetics of the town. This was completed in December 2008. The town's 19th century cobbled market place was removed (with large unrest from residents believing the town would lose character, like neighbouring Batley) and replaced with a level stone surface with random cobbled stripes. New lighting has been erected throughout the village centre along with a CCTV system. Village centre roads have also been improved and the overall upgrade of the town has been well received by residents. The opening was celebrated with the official "Christmas light switch on" and a one-of-a-kind Italian Market.
Active community groups.
Birstall's residents and traders take part in many community groups, such as the current "Birstall in Bloom" project started in 2010, hoping to make Birstall a competitor on all sides. 
The local chamber of trade actively seeks to improve the local knowledge on the independent traders operating their businesses in and around Birstall, to keep the village thriving, with a florist, baker's, butcher's, travel agent, pet shop, hair dresser's, nail bar, fish shop, garment alterations, nail bar, bistro, hot sandwich bar, to name just a few of the services available.
Location grid.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2890119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890119" title="Ghazi Kanaan">
Ghazi Kanaan

Ghazi Kanaan (1942 – 12 October 2005) (; transliterations vary), also known as Abu Yo'roub, was Syria's Interior Minister from 2004 to 2005, and long-time head of Syria's security apparatus in Lebanon. His violent death during an investigation into the assassination of Rafik Hariri drew international attention.
Early life and education.
Ghazi Kanaan was born in 1942 in Bhamra, near Qardaha, the home town of former Syrian president Hafiz Asad. This region, centered on the coastal town of Lattakia, is in heartland Syria's Alawite minority, of which both men were part. Ghazi was a member of the Kalbiyya tribe and a distant relative of Bashar’s mother, Anisa Makhlouf. Kanaan graduated from the Homs Military Academy in 1965.
Career and activities.
Kanaan, as a young military officer, pledged allegiance to Hafez Assad, who seized power in 1970. Kanaan participated in the fight against the Israelis on the Golan Heights in the 1970s. He rose in rank to colonel and served as the director of intelligence in of Central Syria (Homs) from 1981 to 1982.
After the Israeli invasion of Lebanon, parts of which were already under Syrian military domination, he was assigned to head the Syrian intelligence in Lebanon in 1982. His term lasted for twenty years until 2002. However, Kanaan did not leave Syria until a ceremony was held by then Lebanese prime minister Rafik Hariri at the prime ministry on 9 October 2003.
During his tenure in Lebanon, Kanaan gained a decisive Syrian influence over Lebanese affairs, and gradually subdued the warring Lebanese militias through a combination of diplomacy, bribery and force. During the 1980s, he developed collaborators with the predominantly Christian and previously anti-Syrian Lebanese Forces (LF) militia, including Elie Hobeika and Samir Geagea. He also became a close confidant of Rafik Hariri. After Israel's withdrawal from its occupation of southern Lebanon in 2000, Kanaan extended Syria's influence there, and backed the Hezbollah movement's takeover of the area.
Syria established an absolute power in Lebanese elections of 1992, 1996 and 2000 through Kanaan. After the Taif agreement in 1989, it was Kanaan who determined fourteen electoral districts of Lebanon. On behalf of Syrian government, he vetoed the anti-Syrian candidates, urged the political leaders to include pro-Syrian candidates in their candidate lists, and balanced the number of religious candidates with secular ones in some districts. In addition, Syria exerted influence on security and judicial appointments in the country through Kanaan. On the other hand, the head of Lebanon's Sureté Générale (General Security Directorate), Jamil Al Sayyed, reported directly to Kanaan, often bypassing the civilian leadership of the Lebanese regime. Kanaan became the most feared man in the Lebanon during his term, since he had the power to order the arrest and indefinite detention of anyone.
In 2000, the widow and children of Ira Weinstein who was killed in a February 1996 Hamas suicide bombing, filed a lawsuit against him as the head of Syrian military intelligence in Lebanon and then Syrian Defense Minister Mustafa Tlass charging that they were responsible for providing the perpetrators with material resources and training.
After being an early backer of Syrian president Bashar Assad as a successor to his father, Kanaan was in October 2002 summoned back to Damascus to become the head of Syria's political security directorate, replacing Adnan Badr Hassan in the post. He was succeeded in Lebanon by Rustum Ghazali, his deputy. In 2004, after a string of bombings targeting leading Hamas members given sanctuary in Syria, claimed by Syria to have been the work of Israeli intelligence, Kanaan was assigned by president Assad to the cabinet post of interior minister in October 2004 in a cabinet rehuffle. The cabinet was headed by Muhammad Naji al-Otari. On the internal Syrian political scene, Kanaan was considered close to the president, although at the same time part of the "old guard" of Syrian politics.
On 30 June 2005, the United States, which had been pressuring Syria over the Hariri bombing and to end Syrian occupation, declared that it would freeze all assets belonging to Kanaan and Ghazali, due to their involvement with the occupation of Lebanon, and also due to suspicions of "corrupt activities".
Kanaan was not regarded as a member of Bashar Assad's inner circle. He was known to have close links with the former vice president, Abdul Halim Khaddam who had been sacked in 2005 summer. Some believed that they both might have developed a challenging powerbase within the Syrian Regional Branch of the Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party against Bashar Assad in future.
Business activities.
Ghazi Kanaan was one of the shareholders of LibanCell, a cellular phone company. The company was awarded a ten-year contract in 1994.
Personal life.
Kanaan was married and had six children, four sons and two daughters. One of his sons, Yaroob, is married to daughter of Jamil Assad.
Kanaan provided financial support to build the Jaafar Tayar mosque, established a library with seven computers and built a community center named for his father, Mohammed Ali in Bhamra. In short, he provided personal funding for community projects in Bhamra and nearby region.
Death.
Kanaan was interviewed in September 2005 by a United Nations team led by Detlev Mehlis, as a "witness", probing the assassination of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri. Kanaan however denied any involvement in the assassination. In the phone interview he gave to the Lebanese radio station Voice of Lebanon on the day of his death. In that interview he said "I think this is the last statement I might give."
Syrian interior ministry and other officials reported that Kanaan died in a Damascus hospital of a gunshot wound to the head on 12 October 2005. After a one-day examination, Syrian authorities closed the case, Prosecutor Muhammad al-Luaji stating:
""Examination of the body and fingerprints as well as testimony from employees, including senior aide General Walid Abaza, indicated that it was a suicide by gunshot""
It was suggested that he was in fact murdered by the Syrian government, and various theories explaining the possible motives for this have been put forth. For instance, Kanaan's death is seen as a move to cut a key connection to the alleged Syrian participation in the assassination of Rafik Hariri. Lebanese Druze leader Walid Jumblatt, who had been variously allied and hostile to Kanaan during his stay in Lebanon, commented by saying that if Ghazi Kanaan was in fact linked to the Hariri assassination, then he was a "brave man" who "did well, if I may say, by committing suicide". There was another argument: Kanaan was in touch with Abdel Halim Khaddam and Hikmat Shihabi and they were planning a coup against Bashar Assad.
It is argued that his death was widely blamed on the Assad regime among the Alawite community. This belief led to further dissolution of Alawite ‘asabiyya'. At his funeral, mourners shouted, “Why did you kill him?".
In November 2006, Kanaan's brother also committed suicide.

</doc>
<doc id="2890142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890142" title="Bang-Bang Club">
Bang-Bang Club

The Bang Bang Club was a label primarily associated with four photographers active within the townships of South Africa between 1990 and 1994, during the transition from the apartheid system to government based on universal suffrage. This period saw much black on black factional violence, particularly fighting between ANC and IFP supporters, after the lifting of the bans on both political parties.
Kevin Carter, Greg Marinovich, Ken Oosterbroek, and João Silva were the four associated with the name, although a number of photographers and photojournalists worked alongside them (such as James Nachtwey and Gary Bernard). A movie about the group, directed by Steven Silver and starring Taylor Kitsch, Ryan Phillippe and Malin Åkerman, premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival in 2010.
History.
The name "The Bang Bang Club" was born out of an article published in the South African magazine "Living". Originally named The Bang Bang Paparazzi, it was changed to "Club" because the members felt the word "paparazzi" misrepresented their work. The name comes from the culture itself; township residents spoke to the photographers about the "bang-bang" in reference to violence occurring within their communities, but more literally, "bang-bang" refers to the sound of gunfire and is a colloquialism used by conflict photographers.
On 18 April 1994, during a firefight between the National Peacekeeping Force and African National Congress supporters in the Thokoza township, friendly fire killed Oosterbroek and seriously injured Marinovich. An inquest into Oosterbroek's death began in 1995. The magistrate ruled that no party should be blamed for the death. In 1999, peacekeeper Brian Mkhize told Marinovich and Silva that he believed that the bullet that killed Oosterbroek had come from the National Peacekeeping Force.
In July 1994, Carter committed suicide.
On 23 October 2010, Silva stepped on a landmine while on patrol with US soldiers in Kandahar, Afghanistan and lost both legs below the knee.
Awards.
Two members won Pulitzer Prizes for their photography. Greg Marinovich won the Pulitzer for Spot News Photography in 1991 for his coverage of the killing of Lindsaye Tshabalala in 1990. Kevin Carter won the Pulitzer for Featured Photography in 1994 for his 1993 photograph of a vulture that appeared to be stalking a starving child in southern Sudan.
In popular culture.
Books.
In 2000, Marinovich and Silva published "The Bang-Bang Club: Snapshots from a Hidden War", a book documenting their experiences.
Films.
A film adaptation of Marinovich and Silva's book was shot on location in Thokoza township by South African documentary film-maker Steven Silver. Marinovich worked as a consultant on the film which starred Ryan Phillippe as Greg Marinovich, Taylor Kitsch as Kevin Carter and Neels Van Jaarsveld as João Silva.
Documentaries.
A documentary entitled "" was nominated for an Academy Award in 2006.
Music.
The Bang-Bang Club are referenced in the 1996 Manic Street Preachers song "Kevin Carter" that features the lyric "Bang-Bang Club, AK-47 Hour."
The album "Poets and Madmen" by Savatage is inspired by the life of Kevin Carter.

</doc>
<doc id="2890145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890145" title="William Astbury">
William Astbury

William Thomas Astbury FRS (also Bill Astbury; 25 February 1898, Longton – 4 June 1961, Leeds) was an English physicist and molecular biologist who made pioneering X-ray diffraction studies of biological molecules. His work on keratin provided the foundation for Linus Pauling's discovery of the alpha helix. He also studied the structure for DNA in 1937 and made the first step in the elucidation of its structure.
Early life.
Astbury was the fourth child of seven, born in Longton, Staffordshire. His father, William Edwin Astbury, was a potter and provided comfortably for his family. Astbury also had a younger brother, Norman, with whom he shared a love of music.
Astbury might well have become a potter but, luckily, won a scholarship to Longton High School, where his interests were shaped by the Headmaster and second master, both chemists. After becoming Head boy and winning the Duke of Sutherland's Gold Medal, Astbury won the only local scholarship available and went up to Jesus College, Cambridge.
After two terms at Cambridge, his studies were interrupted by service during the First World War. A poor medical rating following appendectomy
resulted in his posting in 1917 to Cork, Ireland with the Royal Army Medical Corps. He later returned to Cambridge and finished his last year with a specialization in physics.
Academic career.
After graduating from Cambridge, Astbury worked with William Bragg, first at University College London and then, in 1923, at the Davy-Faraday Laboratory at the Royal Institution in London. Fellow students included many eminent scientists, including Kathleen Lonsdale and J. D. Bernal and others. Astbury showed great enthusiasm for his studies and published papers in the journal "Classic Crystallography", such as on the structure of tartaric acid.
In 1928, Astbury was appointed Lecturer in Textile Physics at the University of Leeds. He remained at Leeds for the remainder of his career, being appointed Reader in Textile Physics in 1937 and Professor of Biomolecular Structure in 1946. He held the chair until his death in 1961. He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society (FRS) in 1940. He is commemorated by the Astbury Centre for Structural Molecular Biology at Leeds.
In later life he was given many awards and honorary degrees.
X-ray diffraction studies of fibrous proteins.
At Leeds Astbury studied the properties of fibrous substances such as keratin and collagen with funding from the textile industry. (Wool is made of keratin.) These substances did not produce sharp patterns of spots like crystals, but the patterns provided physical limits on any proposed structures. In the early 1930s, Astbury showed that there were drastic changes in the diffraction of moist wool or hair fibres as they are stretched significantly (100%). The data suggested that the unstretched fibres had a coiled molecular structure with a characteristic repeat of 5.1 Å (=0.51 nm). Astbury proposed that (1) the unstretched protein molecules formed a helix (which he called the α-form); and (2) the stretching caused the helix to uncoil, forming an extended state (which he called the β-form). Although incorrect in their details, Astbury's models were correct in essence and correspond to modern elements of secondary structure, the α-helix and the β-strand (Astbury's nomenclature was kept), which were developed twenty years later by Linus Pauling and Robert Corey in 1951. Hans Neurath was the first to show that Astbury's models could not be correct in detail, because they involved clashes of atoms. Interestingly, Neurath's paper and Astbury's data inspired H. S. Taylor (1941,1942) and Maurice Huggins (1943) to propose models of keratin that are very close to the modern α-helix.
In 1931, Astbury was also the first to propose that mainchain-mainchain hydrogen bonds (i.e., hydrogen bonds between the backbone amide groups) contributed to stabilizing protein structures. His initial insight was taken up enthusiastically by several researchers, including Linus Pauling.
Astbury's worked moved on to X-ray studies of many proteins (including myosin, epidermin and fibrin) and he was able to deduce from the diffraction patterns that the molecules of these substances were coiled and folded.
In 1937 Torbjörn Caspersson of Sweden sent him well prepared samples of DNA from calf thymus. The fact that DNA produced a diffraction pattern indicated that it also had a regular structure and it might be feasible to deduce it. Astbury reported that DNA's structure repeated every 2.7 nanometres and that the bases lay flat, stacked, 0.34 nanometres apart. At a symposium in 1938 at Cold Spring Harbor, Astbury pointed out that the 0.34 nanometre spacing was the same as amino acids in polypeptide chains. (The currently accepted value for the spacing of the bases in B-form of DNA is 0.332 nm.)
In 1946 Astbury presented a paper at a symposium in Cambridge in which he said: "Biosynthesis is supremely a question of fitting molecules or parts of molecules against another, and one of the great biological developments of our time is the realisation that probably the most fundamental interaction of all is that between the proteins and the nucleic acids." He also said that the spacing between the nucleotides and the spacing of amino acids in proteins "was not an arithmetical accident".
Astbury was unable to propose the correct structure of DNA from his rudimentary data. However in 1952 Linus Pauling used Astbury's insufficient data to propose a structure for DNA, which was also incorrect. Nevertheless Astbury's insights led directly to the work of Maurice Wilkins and Rosalind Franklin and from there to the structure of DNA devised by Francis Crick and James D. Watson in 1953.
Personal qualities and history.
Astbury was known for his unfailing cheerfulness, idealism,
imagination and enthusiasm. He foresaw correctly the tremendous
impact of molecular biology and transmitted his vision to his students,
"his euphoric evangelizing zeal transforming laboratory routine into a great adventure" (Bailey reference below). Astbury's enthusiasm may also account for an occasional lack of scientific caution observable in his work; Astbury could make speculative interpretations sound plausible.
Astbury was an excellent writer and lecturer; his works are characterized by
remarkable clarity and an easy-going, natural manner (which might require
considerable work on his part!). He also enjoyed music, playing both piano
and violin.
Astbury met Frances Gould when he was stationed in Cork, Ireland with the
Royal Army Medical Corps during World War I. They married in 1922
and had a son, Bill, and a daughter, Maureen.

</doc>
<doc id="2890150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890150" title="Ruhinda of Ankole">
Ruhinda of Ankole

Ruhinda was the first Omugabe of Nkore,a king-like position,in Nkore, a kingdom in present-day Uganda that was renamed Ankole in colonial times.
He is descended from the Bachwezi Dynasty of the Empire of Kitara. Ruhinda was a son of Ndahura, the last Chwezi king.

</doc>
<doc id="2890168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890168" title="Portuairk">
Portuairk

Portuairk () is a crofting township, at the western end of the Ardnamurchan peninsula, Lochaber, in the Highland council area of Scotland, and claims the honour of being the most westerly settlement on the British mainland, although nearby Kilchoan is the most westerly village.
Overlooking Sanna Bay, the village is visited by walkers and scenery enthusiasts, with views of Skye and the Small Isles: Rùm, Eigg, and Muck.
Cuillin View is a traditional cottage at the end of the bay roughly 172 years old. 

</doc>
<doc id="2890170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890170" title="Nice Carnival">
Nice Carnival

The Nice Carnival is one of the world's major carnival events, alongside the Brazilian Carnival and Venetian Carnival. It is held annually in February in Nice on the French Riviera.
The earliest records establish its existence in 1294 when the Count of Provence, Charles Anjou, spent "the joyous days of carnival". This probably makes the Nice Carnival the original carnival celebration.
Today the event attracts over a million visitors to Nice every year. The Carnival spans a two-week period with the final day on Mardi Gras (Fat Tuesday).
The 2015 theme will be "The King of Music".

</doc>
<doc id="2890172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890172" title="Sol Kyung-gu">
Sol Kyung-gu

Sol Kyung-gu (born May 1, 1968) is a South Korean actor. He is best known for his roles in the popular "Public Enemy" film series, as well as "Peppermint Candy", "Oasis" and "Silmido". 
Career.
Born in Seocheon County, South Chungcheong Province in 1968, Sol Kyung-gu studied Theater and Film at Hanyang University (Class of '86). Upon graduation in 1994, he appeared in numerous theatrical productions, such as the hit Korean adaptation of the German rock musical "Subway Line 1", and productions of Sam Shepard's "True West" and A. R. Gurney's "Love Letters". 
In the mid-1990s he began taking on minor roles in feature films, but it was not until 1999 that he made his breakthrough with major roles in "The Bird That Stops in the Air", "Rainbow Trout", and above all else, "Peppermint Candy" in which he played a suicidal man devastated by the two-decades of historical change his country undergoes. The critical acclaim and larger-than-expected popular appeal of this film instantly transformed Sol into one of the most respected young actors in Korea.
After the rather heavy-themed work of his early career, Sol then appeared in a mix of genre movies and more serious work. He starring in the romantic comedy "I Wish I Had a Wife" with Jeon Do-yeon in 2001, and then acted in a Japanese TV drama produced by NHK.
The year 2002 was huge for Sol, starring in three major films which effectively made him into one of the most popular actors in Korea. As a violent and unscrupulous police detective in "Public Enemy" he won both local acting awards and many new fans as the film drew close to 3 million viewers. In August, he starred in Lee Chang-dong's highly acclaimed third film "Oasis", which won the Silver Lion for Best Director at the Venice Film Festival. Sol's portrayal of mildly mentally-retarded outcast with sociopathic inclinations won him yet more acting awards in Korea. Finally in November, he acted together with Cha Seung-won in the smash hit "Jail Breakers" by popular director Kim Sang-jin. 
Sol continued his hot streak in 2003 when he starred in "Silmido" directed by Cinema Service founder Kang Woo-suk, which became the first Korean film in history to gross 10 million admissions. His next role was as the title character in "Rikidōzan", about the legendary ethnic Korean pro wrestler who became a national hero in Japan in the 1950s. Sol gained 20 kilograms for the role and also delivered 95% of his lines in Japanese. Despite winning great praise for his performance, however, the film vastly underperformed on its local release.
In 2005, Sol starred in the sequel "Another Public Enemy", which ended up outgrossing the original. This was followed by a second sequel, "Public Enemy Returns" in 2008. His other films "Haeundae" (2009), "The Tower" (2012) and "Cold Eyes" (2013) have also been box office hits.
Personal life.
Sol married the younger sister of actor Ahn Nae-sang in 1996; they have one daughter. After being separated for four years, Sol and his wife divorced on July 21, 2006. 
He married actress Song Yun-ah on May 28, 2009; their son was born on August 3, 2010. Sol and Song previously worked together in the films "Jail Breakers" (2002) and "Lost in Love" (2006).

</doc>
<doc id="2890176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890176" title="Sergei Gerasimov (film director)">
Sergei Gerasimov (film director)

Sergei Appolinarievich Gerasimov (; 21 May 1906 – 26 November 1985) was a Soviet film director and screenwriter. The oldest film school in the world, the VGIK, bears his name.
Gerasimov started his film industry career as an actor in 1924. At first he appeared in Kozintsev and Trauberg films, such as "The Overcoat" and "The New Babylon". Later, he was commissioned to produce screen versions of the literary classics of Socialist realism. His epic screenings of Alexander Fadeyev's "The Young Guard" (1948) and Mikhail Sholokhov's "And Quiet Flows the Don" (1957–58) were extolled by the authorities as exemplary.
During several decades of their teaching in the VGIK Gerasimov and his wife Tamara Makarova prepared many generations of Russian actors. In his last film Gerasimov played Leo Tolstoy, while Makarova was cast as Tolstoy's wife. Gerasimov is buried in the Novodevichy Cemetery of Moscow.
Moscow Film Festival.
Gerasimov was the President of the Jury at the 1959, 1965, 1969 and the 1985 Moscow International Film Festival. He was a member of the jury in 1961 and 1971.
In 1967 his film "The Journalist" won the Grand Prix at the 1967 festival.

</doc>
<doc id="2890177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890177" title="Hamlet Gonashvili">
Hamlet Gonashvili

Hamlet Gonashvili () (20 June 1928 - 1985), sometimes referred to as "the voice of Georgia", was a Georgian singer (tenor), influential teacher, and performer of traditional Georgian music.
Gonashvili was born in eastern Georgia and is considered the best interpreter of songs from the Kartli and Kakheti regions. He was a recipient of many national honours and prizes. The Third Symphony of the Georgian composer Giya Kancheli drew inspiration from Gonashvili's singing, and he was himself the soloist in the first recording of the work (Olympia Records, 1979). He died in 1985, at the height of his fame, as the result of a fall from an apple tree. "Hamlet" (JARO, 1985) is a collection of his most impressive songs.

</doc>
<doc id="2890187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890187" title="National Association for Bikers with a Disability">
National Association for Bikers with a Disability

The National Association for Bikers with a Disability or NABD is a Registered Charity (No. 1040907) in the United Kingdom and (No. SC039897) in Scotland. The NABD gives technical advice and financial grants to help to adapt motorcycles, sidecars and trikes for use by disabled riders. It also gives advice on training and rider assessments. It owns a fleet of learner-legal motorcycles adapted for various disabilities, which it loans free of charge for training and tests.
The NABD is routinely consulted on issues relating to disabled motorcycling by the DVLA, DfT, VOSA, DSA, and MAVIS (the Mobility Advice and Vehicle Information Service).
History.
The NABD was set up in April 1991 by six motorcyclists in Stockport and Manchester who would not accept the idea that disabled people could not ride motorcycles, scooters, or trikes. 
The initial project was to find a way to adapt a motorcycle for a rider who had suffered the amputation of his lower left leg in an accident. A fund raising party was organised and publicised locally and this prompted several other disabled people to contact the group asking whether it was possible for them also to ride motorcycles. Within 12 months the NABD had just over 100 members and had helped three disabled people to adapt motorcycles and ride independently. Each adaption had to be designed from scratch, the money raised and the engineering problems solved, but from this small beginning the NABD was later to become the World leader in motorcycling for disabled people.
The membership of the NABD has now grown to more than 5,000 individual members and has more than 200 affiliated clubs and businesses. Since its foundation the NABD has directly helped over seven thousand disabled people to enjoy the freedom and independence of motorcycling.
The NABD has been instrumental in the founding of similar groups in Norway, Sweden, France and Japan.
Expenses.
The NABD does not charge any administration fees for its services. It ensures that 100% of all financial donations from individuals, clubs or companies are used 100% for the benefit of, and services for, disabled riders.
The administration costs of the association are met from other sources. NABD does not spend donated money on wages and plush office accommodation. The NABD has two full-time office administrators. The first post was initially financed by a grant from the National Lottery Community Fund, and both posts are now wholly financed by the proceeds of the NABD's national rally. Everyone else who works for the NABD is a volunteer.
Fundraising.
The NABD holds a rally at Astle Park near Chelford in Cheshire one weekend in May each year. This is both a social and a fundraising event that raises thousands of pounds for the charity. The NABD holds a number of smaller rallies in different parts of Britain during the course of each year for the same purpose. A number of motorcycle clubs also donate profits from their rallies, custom motorcycle shows and other events to the NABD.
Patrons.
The NABD currently has nine patrons:

</doc>
<doc id="2890188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890188" title="Moanin' in the Moonlight">
Moanin' in the Moonlight

"Moanin' in the Moonlight" was the debut album by American blues singer Howlin' Wolf. The album was a compilation of previously issued singles by Chess Records. It was originally released by Chess Records as a mono-format LP record in 1959 (see 1959 in music). The album has been reissued several times, including a vinyl reissue in 1969 titled Evil.
Recording and production.
The two earliest songs on "Moanin' in the Moonlight" were "Moanin' at Midnight" and "How Many More Years". These two songs were recorded at Sam Phillips' Memphis Recording Service in Memphis, Tennessee on May 14, 1951 or August 1951. These two songs were sold to the Chess brothers, Leonard and Phil, who released them as a single on August 15, 1951. The rest of the songs on the album were recorded in Chicago, Illinois and were produced by either the Chess brothers and/or Willie Dixon.
Artwork, packaging, and promotion.
The original version of "Moanin' in the Moonlight" featured cover artwork by Don S. Bronstein and sleeve notes by "Billboard" editor Paul Ackerman. The label pressings from the original series have different colors on it because several pressing plants were used.
The album was featured on an advertisement in "Billboard" magazine on August 10, 1959, which misprinted the album's title as "Howlin' at Midnite".
Accolades.
In 1987 "Moanin' in the Moonlight" was given a W.C. Handy Award under the category of "Vintage/Reissue Album (US)". "Rolling Stone" magazine ranked the album as #153 on their list of the 500 greatest albums of all time. Robert Palmer has cited "How Many More Years" (recorded May 1951) as the first record to feature a distorted power chord, played by Willie Johnson on the electric guitar.
Track listing.
All songs written by Chester Burnett, except when noted.
Personnel.
The following people contributed to "Moanin' in the Moonlight":

</doc>
<doc id="2890193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890193" title="Sergey Vasilyevich Gerasimov">
Sergey Vasilyevich Gerasimov

Sergey Vasilyevich Gerasimov (; in Mozhaysk, current Moscow Oblast – 20 April 1964 in Moscow) was a Soviet Russian painter.
Gerasimov was a student of artist Konstantin Korovin, and as a young artist he later went on to join the Makovets group. His early watercolors are considered masterpieces and show a tendency toward modernism that is less pronounced in his later work. In the 1920s and 1930s, he taught at the state art school Vkhutemas, and designed posters and painted works sympathetic to the new Communist government in a style later known as Socialist realism.
Despite this he was known throughout the Russian art world to be a liberal thinker whose paintings showed the influences of Impressionism and other modern movements. Under Joseph Stalin these tendencies placed him in aesthetic opposition to his nemesis (and ironic namesake) Aleksandr Gerasimov.
During the Stalin era, Sergey Gerasimov was demoted from his position of director of the Russian Artists' Union and replaced by Aleksandr Gerasimov. During the period of World War II, Sergey Gerasimov, along with most of the faculty and student body of the Surikov Art Institute were moved from Moscow to the ancient caravan city of Samarkand.
Some of Gerasmov's most famous works were painted during this period and show scenes of the old oriental city of Samarkand. Many of these paintings are on display to this day at the Tretyakov Gallery in Moscow. With the death of Stalin and the rise of Nikita Khrushchev, Sergey Gerasmimov was re-instated as the head of the Russian Artists' Union, a position he held until his death in 1964.
Some of Gerasimov's most famous students that he came in contact with and taught at the Surikov Art Institute include; Fedor Z. Zakharov, Vladimir Stozharov, Alexey and Sergey Tkachyov, Yury P. Kugach, Aleksei Gritsai, Gely Korzhev, and many other important Soviet artists.

</doc>
<doc id="2890197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890197" title="Werner Peiner">
Werner Peiner

Werner Peiner (20 July 1897 – 19 August 1984) was a German painter. He was first influenced by expressionism, but he became one of the most known and talented official painters of the Third Reich.
Peiner was born at Düsseldorf. His major influences came from the German Romantic and Realistic painters. In some of his best works there can be noticed also some expressionist influences, like in the tapestries of "The Four Hoursemen of the Apocalypse", executed in 1937. 
Like other German painters favored during the Third Reich, such as Conrad Hommel and Adolf Wissel, his reputation in the Western world was tainted after World War II - he then worked e.g. for the Ethiopian Emperor Haile Selassie. 
In his last decades, he was mainly a landscape painter. He died at Leichlingen in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="2890200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890200" title="Bruray">
Bruray

Bruray is one of the three Out Skerries islands of Shetland, and contains Scotland's most easterly settlement. 
It is separated from Housay by North Mouth and South Mouth.
Infrastructure.
The Skerries Bridge was built in 1957 to provide a fixed link from Bruray to the neighbouring and larger island of Housay
Bruray is home to Scotland's smallest school.
The island occasionally suffers from water shortages. 
There is little peat on the Out Skerries, so the residents have been granted rights to cut in on Whalsay.
A ferry connects the Out Skerries with Vidlin and Lerwick on the Shetland Mainland, as well as flights from Tingwall by Loganair.
History.
At the autumn 2010, the islands of Housay and Bruray were on sale for £250,000. "The main islands are held under crofting tenure. The crofting community have been offered the opportunity to register their interest in acquiring the property but have formally declined from doing so."

</doc>
<doc id="2890201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890201" title="Marina Carr">
Marina Carr

Marina Carr (born 1964) is an Irish playwright.
Born in Tullamore, County Offaly, Carr grew up in a household filled with literature. Both of her parents were writers: her father was a novelist and a playwright and her mother was a poet and a teacher. As a child, she read children's versions of Greek myths. These myths turned out to be major influences in many of her later works. One of her favorite myths, Medea, was used as an inspiration for her play "By the Bog of Cats". Carr's mother died when she was just 17, influencing her future works such as "By the Bog of Cats," where the main character, Hester, experienced a very similar tragedy. 
Carr attended University College Dublin, studying English and philosophy. She graduated in 1987. She recently received a honorary degree of Doctorate of Literature from her alma mater. She has held posts as writer-in-residence at the Abbey Theatre, Trinity College Dublin, and Princeton University. She served as Heimbold Professor of Irish Studies at Villanova University in 2003 and a professor of Irish studies at Villanova University. She has written 16 plays since her career began, and is considered one of Ireland’s most prominent playwrights. Her award-winning plays—largely poetic tragedies of rural Irish domestic life—have been produced around the world. She currently lives in Kerry and is a member of Aosdána. Her works have been translated into French, German, and Norwegian.
Like the works of several other contemporary Irish playwrights, Carr's plays frequently include instances of black humor and severe physical brutality. She is distinguished, however, most notably by the fact that several of her plays are filled with classical Greek allusion or are loose retellings of classical Greek myths.
In Carr's early work, Carr experiments with style as she seeks to find her own. "Low in the Dark" (1989), her first play, is an absurdist piece in which gender roles and misconceptions are farcically addressed. The style reflects her early interest in fellow Irish playwright Samuel Beckett. Carr's next few experiments are "The Deer Surrender" (1990), "This Love Thing" (1991), and "Ullaloo" (1991). She won the 1997 Susan Smith Blackburn Prize.
Her following play, "The Mai" (1994), won Best New Play from the Dublin Theatre Festival and marked a shift in Carr's writing style. Though it is not an adaptation of a Greek play, it has distinct classical resonances, rising from questions of truth, legacy/heredity, and fate. The same can be said of her next play, "Portia Coughlan" (1996). Her other works include "By the Bog of Cats…" (1998), a retelling of Euripides' "Medea"; "On Raftery's Hill" (2000); "Ariel" (2002), a retelling of Euripides"' Iphigenia at Aulis" extended into the aftermath shown in Aeschylus' Oresteia; and "Woman and Scarecrow" (2006).
In correlation with Greek, supernatural, and mystical themes that frequently resonate in Marina Carr’s writing, her playwright, By the Bog of Cats, succeeds in creating a dramatic and twisted story in only a few pages. The drama is filled with several deceiving apparitions that contribute to the eccentricity of the storyline; including the Ghost Fancier and main character, Hester’s late brother. On the surface the common theme throughout Carr’s writing seems to be Greek myth. It began with her play, The Mai (1994) is not complete a retelling of a Greek myth, but has strong connections to the story of Electra, told by Sophocles and Euripides. Her following play, Portia Coughlan (1996) also has ties to Greek themes, although it is less directly related to one story. By the Bog of Cats (1998) was a direct retelling of the Medea Myth (Euripides), complete with a strong, but fatal female character and the tragedy which becomes her. The theme continued with Carr’s play Ariel (2002), an adaptation of Euripides’ Iphigenia at Aulis. However if we take a deeper look the surpassing theme is powerful women. Carr regularly casts women from these famous tragedies as the protagonist in her own playwrights, but reviving the betrayal, desperation, and revenge in a more modern style focusing on the female aspect. Although Carr is not a feminist, her plays bolster femininity and defy previous thoughts of weak women into ones of strength. 
Typically Greek myths contain female characters, however they are never the principal character and males are behaviorally more dominant. Though, in Carr’s By the Bog of Cats, a retelling of the famous Medea Myth, we see a complete flip side to this approach where Carr casts the main character is a fierce and empowered woman. Main character Hester Swane, an Irish Traveller, attempts to cope with her life of consistent abandonment by going to extreme lengths to regain the people who have already discarded her. Through many desperate attempts to reclaim her ex-fiancé and father of her seven-year-old daughter, Carthage Killbride, she succeeds in further turning the backs of her fellow citizens on her, making her appear as a mad and delusional woman. However, Hester does not succumb to the ruthlessness of her neighbors and proceeds in an extreme act of self-sacrifice for not only herself by her daughter, rejecting a path of further isolation and loneliness. 
 By the Bog of Cats presents a riveting tale of richly entwined characters that turns a once uncompromising Greek myth into a page-turning, strangely relatable drama of greed and betrayal.
In February 2009 Carr debuted two plays in Dublin - "Marble" at the Abbey Theatre (directed by Jeremy Herrin), and a children's play, "The Giant Blue Hand", at Dublin's Cultural Centre for Children, The Ark.
By the Bog of Cats.
The original production of By the Bog of Cats took place in the Abbey Theatre in Dublin, Ireland. The play opened on October 7th, 1998 and ran until November 14th, 1998. The production, totaling 45 performances, was directed by Partrick Mason and designed by Monica Frawley, Other members of the production team included Nick Chelton, lighting designer, Dave Nolan, sound, Audrey Hession and Finola Eustace, stage directors, and Kevin Downey and Stephen Dempsey were assistant stage managers.
The lead roles were played by Slobhan Cullen (Josie Kilbride), Olwen Fouéré (Hester Swane), and Conor McDermottroe (Cathage Kilbride). Other characters such as Catwoman were played by Joan O’Hara, Carline Cassidy played by Flonnuala Murphy and Xavier Cassidy by Tom Hickey.
Bogs are infertile and deadly, filled with acidic soil and the remains of decaying matter like plants and trees. The decomposing plant material piles up and forms peat. Bogs are a rare type of land that are slowly disappearing and now mostly are in the far north containing strange groups of plants and animals. Bogs are the home to animals like the black or northland mudfish, geckos and a few types of birds. As for the plants, bogs contain plants that have adapted to their surroundings and are now able to take the acidic and dangerous soil they reside in. Bogs are sometimes a popular setting for plays that take place in northern parts of the world such as Ireland and Scotland, like in the play By the Bog of Cats by author Marina Carr. Being filled with old, dead, decaying matter, bogs provide an eerie, supernatural setting for any play. A whimsical place that leads the reader to believe almost anything is possible. Leading them into mental trap like how a bog is a physical one.
Reference to Themes and History.
“Marina Carr's plays aren't a good advertisement for motherhood.” For example, one of Carr’s first works, The Mai, is named after an Irish folklore character who slaughters her children. Portia, who is the protagonist of one of her more famous works, Portia Coughlan, is an equally terrible mother. She drinks brandy at all hours of the day, wishes that she could mutilate her own offspring, and ultimately commits suicide by drowning herself. As The Guardian states, “This wasn't perhaps what Dublin's National Maternity Hospital had in mind when it commissioned Carr to write a play to celebrate its centenary.” 
Then there is By the Bog of Cats, starring Holly Hunter as Hester Swane. She is a woman of ill repute and an often-forgetful mother whose ex-husband, Carthage Kilbride, is about to marry again. The play rewrites a savage version of the Medea for contemporary times. Carr states that By the Bog of Cats is a reminder that a certain type of person will "kill for things and die for things". 
Carr’s focus on the mistreatment of children could relate to her being 4 at the time of the 1969 Northern Ireland Riots, and to her being 7 at the time of Bloody Friday and Sunday. The hardships that Carr’s characters experience often have some correlation to what Carr herself has experienced. For example, Hester Swane from By the Bog of Cats was abandoned by her mother when she was 7. When Marina Carr was 7, Bloody Friday and Bloody Sunday occurred. 
Marina Carr’s dark humor is another example of her frequent use of grim themes and topics. She often draws inspiration from and reinterprets ancient and tragic myths, such as the Medea myth. The dark comedy and song lyrics that she employs have been linked to the grim tones of less recent works of Irish literature. 
However, Carr's tragic plays employ myths to address national violence on a domestic level. She avoids addressing any violence on the sectarian level, such as the British-Irish conflict that tore her childhood apart.
Written in a guttural Midlands dialect, Carr sets the plays beside the region's lakes, rivers, and bogs- demonstrates Irish pride. Because the Irish were under direct rule for such a long time, Hester’s shun of authority and active rebellion relate to the Irish rejecting British authority- realization of Irish culture like Things Fall Apart. 
What's at stake here is not just shaking loose tropes and motifs from earlier representations of Ireland, but interrogating the dark side of the Irish family within the remains of the late-twentieth-century Irish patriarchy, from which those images descended- relates to troubled times.
Irish history plays a significant role in the formation of Marina Carr’s ideas and thoughts, and how she represents Northern Irish life
For 20 years, during and before Bloody Sunday, the Provisional Irish Republican army sought to participate in rebellious acts against the British. This constant theme of rebellion is scene in Carr’s writing and can be attested to her childhood.
Marina Carr's writing tends to be in keeping the notion of a continuance or discontinuance of family prevailing over death. In the play, By the Bog of Cats, we learn that the protagonist, Hester Swane killed her younger brother in her childhood days. His ghost continues to haunt her throughout the play as she tries to keep her daughter away from her ex-husband who has married another woman. Although Hester’s drinking problem causes her to seem like a neglectful mother, she never truly forgets about her daughter. On the other hand, Josie doesn't want to break familial bond that has been cultivated her entire life. At the end of the play Hester becomes violent. In an attempt to leave Josie, just as Hester's mother had once left her, Josie pleads with Hester in an effort follow Hester wherever she may go. The ideas of fate, family, and death are compelling themes that are seen repeatedly in many of Carr’s pieces. 
The notion of family in association with death is a compelling interest in Carr's written works. In Portia Coughlin, Marina Carr designs the protagonist, Portia to be a woman who loves to drink from the bottle, just as Hester in By the Bog of Cats. She is a fierce character who is also a wife and mother of three children. Portia, like Hester, also has a deceased brother who haunts her. The play opens on her 30th birthday as readers see the ghost of her brother who has been following her for the past fifteen years. The ghost begins to consume Portia's life and she no longer has time for her family. Her husband cares deeply for Portia, yet signs of neglect are not unforeseen as the play reaches its breaking point. Through these two plays, Marina Carr touches her audience with compelling stories that speak of neglect of family and focus on the consequences of death that ultimately exemplify the bond of family and the salient theme of love. 
Marina Carr’s plays, By the Bog of Cats and The Mai both exemplify the quest for love, and depict, the loss of love. Hester Swane, the main character in By the Bog of Cats desires for the father of her child, Carthage Killbride, to love her again. She wants him to move back into the house built for them as he chooses to move on. Throughout the play, readers are blindsided with the desperate choices Hester makes, to win back the man she will always love. In The Mai, the main character, The Mai, builds a home for her husband, Robert, in hopes that he will someday return to her. Eventually, The Mai realizes their relationship is beyond repair, but she cannot bear to go on without him. Central themes, specific to love, are found in both plays and include the desired life inside a home, the reconnection of forgotten feelings, and the heartache caused by the dissolving bonds between a woman and her lover.
Marina Carr’s new play 16 Possible Glimpses pulls scenes from Anton Chekhov’s life but begins with the familiar idea of death. As the Dark Monk arrives early – a testament to the Ghost Fancier in By the Bog of Cats, who arrives at sunrise instead of sunset to claim Hester Swane - Chekhov begs for five more years of life. Yet Death can only offer five minutes, allowing only 16 possible glimpses to be seen. At first glance, the comparisons of Chekhov and Carr seem unlikely. Chekhov is known for dramas of inaction and Carr is known intense tragedies, exemplified by, By the Bog of Cats, as Hester slices her daughters throat then takes her own life. According to The Irish Repertory Theatre, there is little of Carr’s trademark surreal brilliance in the 16 possible glimpses. However the exchanges between Chekhov and the Dark Monk who comes to claim him, changes this. Through an episodic series of scenes we meet Chekhov in various forms. Readers see Chekhov as a loyal brother, Chekhov as a son and Chekhov the writer, which culminate to the depiction Chekhov as a man consumed by internal conflict, a theme, not only exemplified in 16 Possible Glimpses, but also in By the Bog of Cats and The Mai. 

</doc>
<doc id="2890211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890211" title="California bearing ratio">
California bearing ratio

The California bearing ratio (CBR) is a penetration test for evaluation of the mechanical strength of road subgrades and basecourses. It was developed by the California Department of Transportation before World War II.
The test is performed by measuring the pressure required to penetrate a soil sample with a plunger of standard area. The measured pressure is then divided by the pressure required to achieve an equal penetration on a standard crushed rock material. The CBR test is described in ASTM Standards D1883-05 (for laboratory-prepared samples) and D4429 (for soils in place in field), and AASHTO T193. The CBR test is fully described in BS 1377 : Soils for civil engineering purposes : Part 4, Compaction related tests.
The CBR rating was developed for measuring the load-bearing capacity of soils used for building roads. The CBR can also be used for measuring the load-bearing capacity of unimproved airstrips or for soils under paved airstrips. The harder the surface, the higher the CBR rating. A CBR of 3 equates to tilled farmland, a CBR of 4.75 equates to turf or moist clay, while moist sand may have a CBR of 10. High quality crushed rock has a CBR over 80. The standard material for this test is crushed California limestone which has a value of 100.
formula_1

</doc>
<doc id="2890213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890213" title="Sergey Gerasimov">
Sergey Gerasimov

Sergey Gerasimov may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2890216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890216" title="Jay Semko">
Jay Semko

John Peter "Jay" Semko is a singer/songwriter and bassist with Canadian band, The Northern Pikes. He is also a music composer for numerous film and television productions, most notably the successful Canadian television series "Due South". Semko has been nominated for a Juno Award eight times as a member of the Northern Pikes, and also been nominated twice for a Gemini Award and received two awards from the Canadian Music Publishers Association for his songwriting. His hometown is Saskatoon, Saskatchewan.
Biography.
Semko's first solo album, "Mouse" was released in 1995 following the (at-that-time) end of The Northern Pikes in late 1993. During this time, Semko was music composer for the "Due South" (Pilot movie and 66 episodes 1994–1998, with co-composers Jack Lenz and John McCarthy) by (Academy Award winner) Paul Haggis (for which Jay received two nominations for Canada's Gemini Awards - Best Music Score in a Dramatic Series) and has won the MMPIA Blizzard and SMPIA awards for Best Music Score as music composer for the movie, "Paris Or Somewhere" (1994).
Semko has composed music for many other dramas and documentary series on Discovery Channel, CBC, Global, APTN, Showcase, and others, and has had many of his songs and compositions featured in film and television (Trailer Park Boys - the Movie (2006) Mike Clattenburg (director/writer/screenplay) and Rob Wells (writer/screenplay) "Men With Brooms" (2002) Paul Gross and "Being Erica" (2009) are some recent examples). 
As a songwriter, Semko has co-written in Nashville and Canada with such writers as Willie Mack, Gilles Godard, Andrew Fromm, Roger Springer, Larry Haack, Jack Lenz, Tim Taylor, Steve Fox, Daryl Burgess, Sean Hogan, Paul Gross, and David Keeley. He has recorded with other artists including Garth Hudson (of The Band), the late Stan Celeste (of Jackson Browne & Crosby, Stills and Nash), John Sebastian (of The Lovin' Spoonful), Crystal Taliefero (of Bruce Springsteen & John Mellencamp), Margo Timmins (of Cowboy Junkies), Bob Egan (of Wilco & Blue Rodeo), Patricia Conroy, Greg Godovitz, Matt Andersen, Ashley MacIsaac, and Serena Ryder. He has toured with such artists as Bruce Hornsby, Robert Palmer, Tom Cochrane and Peter Frampton.
Semko wrote the music for a permanent installation at Saskatchewan's Western Development Museum. He also co-produced a number of other artists, including Screwtape Lewis and Kim Fontaine. Since 2009, Semko has performed at the International Folk Alliance Conference in Memphis, South By Southwest in Austin, Texas, and was a finalist in the John Lennon Songwriting Contest Gospel/Inspirational Category for "Jesus Is Gonna Help Me".
Semko is also a voiceover artist, with his voice being heard on radio and television advertisements, public service announcements, documentaries, and dramas, and has written numerous music and music business related articles for various Canadian publications. He has also instructed songwriting courses and hosted songwriting workshops and seminars through the University of Saskatchewan, Songwriters Association of Canada, SOCAN and private clients.
Semko released his self-titled album in August 2010 on Busted Flat Records, distributed through Universal Music in Canada. Semko's entire solo catalogue has now been re-released through Busted Flat. In November, 2010, Busted Flat Records released "Heartaches & Numbers", the first album from Semko Fontaine Taylor, a Saskatchewan folk/roots trio consisting of Semko, Kim Fontaine and David J. Taylor. Semko's most recent projects include composing the score for "Dust Up", a six-part reality TV series airing on History Television, and touring across Canada in support of his latest album. Semko was nominated in June, 2011 for Songwriter of the Year in the Western Canadian Music Awards for "Before You Leave Canada", a song from the 2010 "Jay Semko" album.

</doc>
<doc id="2890226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890226" title="Smash Your Head Against the Wall">
Smash Your Head Against the Wall

Smash Your Head Against the Wall is the debut solo album by John Entwistle, who was the bassist for English rock band The Who. The album was released on Track Records in the UK and Decca Records in the US, it was the first solo album by any other member of The Who.
The album also features a remake of John Entwistle's written Who live classic "Heaven and Hell" with The Who's on and off roadie Dave "Cyrano" Langston (who had encouraged John Entwistle to make the album) provided some acid-drenched guitar and was even thought to be Pete Townshend under a different name.
When John Entwistle was asked about his first Single "I Believe in Everything" in comparison to the rest of the album he said:
I've been saying a lot of stuff that I didn't really believe in. I sort of wrote it for the heads, really, the people thinking, "ah, so that's where Entwistle's brain's at, he really sort of believes in the devil and hell and all that sort of business." So I wrote a number that touches on reincarnation, then goes into the absurd, with Father Christmas and the whole bit and right at the end just to prevent the heads from thinking that I did believe in everything like I was saying, 'cause they always seem to believe that you actually believe in your own words. I believe in some of them but not all of them, so I just wrote the joke in to throw them off, and it's done it.
The UK album differs from the US version. Entwistle remixed "What Are We Doing Here?" and the vocals sound quite different, quite possibly a different vocal track.
Track listing.
All tracks written and composed by John Entwistle, except where indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="2890227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890227" title="Jessamine (band)">
Jessamine (band)

Jessamine was a band that recorded three albums for Kranky records between 1994 and 1998 and a number of singles for other record labels. These singles were later collected by the band on a self-released compilation album in 1997 entitled Another Fictionalized History.
Their single Cellophane was a minor college radio hit in the band's native Seattle, getting frequent airplay on KCMU (now KEXP).
The band's sound was greatly influenced by the works of Krautrock bands such as Can and Neu!, and their first album also bore some sonic resemblance to the sounds of early 90's bands from the UK shoegaze scene. This mesh of krautrock, shoegaze, drone, space-rock, and experimental electronica helped the band forge a unique sound which helped them stand apart from other active bands in the Seattle scene that were more grunge, metal, or indie-rock based. Their success in solidifying a unique sound however did not translate to album sales, and the band remained a relatively obscure act, with a small cult following.
The band split in 1998, and Ritter and Brown recorded together as Fontanelle for a couple more years.
Discography.
Albums:

</doc>
<doc id="2890230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890230" title="Industrial mineral">
Industrial mineral

Industrial minerals are geological materials which are mined for their commercial value, which are not fuel (fuel minerals or mineral fuels) and are not sources of metals (metallic minerals).
They are used in their natural state or after beneficiation either as raw materials or as additives in a wide range of applications.
Examples and applications.
Typical examples of industrial rocks and minerals are limestone, clays, sand, gravel, diatomite, kaolin, bentonite, silica, barite, gypsum, and talc.
Some examples of applications for industrial minerals are construction, ceramics, paints, electronics, filtration, plastics, glass, detergents and paper.
In some cases, even organic materials (peat) and industrial products or by-products (cement, slag, silica fume) are categorized under industrial minerals, as well as metallic compounds mainly utilized in nonmetallic form (as an example most of the titanium is utilized as an oxide TiO2 rather than Ti metal). 
In some cases, organic substances (such as peat) are categorized as industrial minerals. This case, however, violates the technical definition of a "mineral." A substance must be a mineral before it may be categorized as an industrial mineral. Peat is a geologic substance mined for its economic value but that does not mandate that it be referred to as a mineral or as an industrial mineral.
The evaluation of raw materials to determine their suitability for use as industrial minerals requires technical testwork, mineral processing trials and end-product evaluation; free to download evaluation manuals are available for the following industrial minerals: limestone, flake graphite, diatomite, kaolin, bentonite and construction materials. These are available from the British Geological Survey external link 'Industrial Minerals in BGS' with regular industry news and reports published in Industrial Minerals magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="2890236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890236" title="Birstall">
Birstall

There are at least two places called Birstall

</doc>
<doc id="2890244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890244" title="Corpus">
Corpus

Corpus (Latin plural corpora, English plural corpuses or corpora) is Latin for "body". It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2890246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890246" title="Hyporheic zone">
Hyporheic zone

The hyporheic zone is a region beneath and alongside a stream bed, where there is mixing of shallow groundwater and surface water. The flow dynamics and behavior in this zone (termed hyporheic flow or underflow) is recognized to be important for surface water/groundwater interactions, as well as fish spawning, among other processes. The hyporheic zone can be actively managed in urban streams for water quality and habitat improvement.
The assemblage of organisms which inhabits this zone are called hyporheos.
The term hyporheic was originally coined by Traian Orghidan in 1959 by combining two Greek words: "hypo" (below) and "rheos" (flow).

</doc>
<doc id="2890248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890248" title="Diocese of Raphoe">
Diocese of Raphoe

Diocese of Raphoe can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2890252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890252" title="JO Tankers">
JO Tankers

Jo Tankers, based in Norway, is one of the world's main providers of deep-sea transportation services for chemicals and other high value liquids.
Since 1915 Odfjell family in Bergen were involved in shipping. They started with the transport of timber. As a consequence the Jo Tankers' vessels are still named after trees. In the 1930s the first tanker was built and in the 1950s they entered the chemical tanker trade. Nowadays they operate a fleet with chemical tankers up to .

</doc>
<doc id="2890262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890262" title="Apparitor">
Apparitor

In ancient Rome, an apparitor (in English also spelled apparator or shortened to paritor) was a civil servant whose salary was paid from the public treasury. The "apparitores" assisted the magistrates. There were four occupational grades ("decuriae") among them. The highest of these was the "scribae", the clerks or public notaries, followed by the "lictores", lictors; "viatores", messengers or summoners, that is, agents on official errands; and "praecones", announcers or heralds.
The term has hence referred to a beadle in a university, a pursuivant or herald; particularly, in Roman Catholic canon law, which was largely inspired by Roman law, Apparitor remained an official title for an officer in ecclesiastical courts designated to serve the summons, to arrest a person accused, and in ecclesiastico-civil procedure, to take possession, physically or formally, of the property in dispute, in order to secure the execution of the judge's sentence, in countries where the ecclesiastical forum, in its substantial integrity, is recognized. He thus acts as constable and sheriff. His guarantee of his delivery of the summons is evidence of the knowledge of the summoned of his obligation to appear, either to stand trial, to give testimony, or to do whatever else may be legally enjoined by the judge; his statement becomes the basis of a charge of contumacy against anyone refusing to obey summons.
Further reading.
Purcell, N. “The Apparitores: A Study in Social Mobility.” PBSR 51 (1983): 125– 73.

</doc>
<doc id="2890279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890279" title="Critique of the Kantian philosophy">
Critique of the Kantian philosophy

Arthur Schopenhauer appended a criticism to the first volume of his "The World as Will and Representation". He wanted to show Immanuel Kant's errors so that Kant's merits would be appreciated and his achievements furthered.
At the time he wrote his criticism, Schopenhauer was familiar only with the second (1787) edition of Kant's "Critique of Pure Reason". When he later read the first (1781) edition, he said that many of Kant's contradictions were not evident.
Kant's merits.
According to Schopenhauer's essay, Kant's three main merits are as follows:
Schopenhauer also said that Kant's discussion, on pages A534 to A550, of the contrast between empirical and intelligible characters is one of Kant's most profound ideas. Schopenhauer asserted that it is among the most admirable things ever said by a human.
Kant's logical table of judgments is kept almost unchanged as the real, invariable, primary forms of thinking.
Kant's faults.
Fundamental error.
Perceptions and concepts.
Kant did not distinguish between the concrete, intuitive, perceptual knowledge of objects and the abstract, discursive, conceptual, knowledge of thoughts.
Secondary errors.
Transcendental analytic.
Object-in-itself and thing-in-itself.
According to Schopenhauer, there is a difference between an object-in-itself and a thing-in-itself. There is no object-in-itself. An object is always an object for a subject. An object is really a representation of an object. On the other hand, a thing-in-itself, for Kant, is completely unknown. It cannot be spoken of at all without employing categories (pure concepts of the understanding). A thing-in-itself is that which appears to an observer when the observer experiences a representation .
Reactions to Schopenhauer.
Paul Guyer.
In "The Cambridge Companion to Schopenhauer", Professor Paul Guyer wrote an article titled "Schopenhauer, Kant, and the Methods of Philosophy." In it, he compared the methods of the two philosophers and in so doing, discussed Schopenhauer's Criticism.
In explaining how objects are experienced, Kant used transcendental arguments. He tried to prove and explain the fundamental principles of knowledge. In so doing, he started by indirectly conceptually reflecting on the conditions that exist in the observing subject that make possible verbal judgments about objective experience.
In contrast, Schopenhauer's method was to start by a direct examination of perceived objects in experience, not of abstract concepts.
The fundamental principles of knowledge cannot be transcendentally explained or proved, they can only be immediately, directly known. Such principles are, for example, the permanence of substance, the law of causality, and the mutual interactive relationships between all objects in space. Abstract concepts, for Schopenhauer, are not the starting point of knowledge. They are derived from perceptions, which are the source of all knowledge of the objective world. The world is experienced in two ways: (1.) mental representations that involve space, time, and causality; (2.) our will which is known to control our body.
Professor Guyer stated that Schopenhauer raised important questions regarding the possibility of Kant's transcendental arguments and proofs. However, even though Schopenhauer objected to Kant's method, he accepted many of Kant's conclusions. For example, Kant's description of experience and its relation to space, time, and causality was accepted. Also, the distinction between logical and real relations, as well as the difference between phenomena and things-in-themselves, played an important role in Schopenhauer's philosophy.
In general, the article tries to show how Schopenhauer misunderstood Kant as a result of the disparity between their methods. Where Kant was analyzing the conceptual conditions that resulted in the making of verbal judgments, Schopenhauer was phenomenologically scrutinizing intuitive experience. In one case, though, it is claimed that Schopenhauer raised a very important criticism: his objection to Kant's assertion that a particular event can be known as being successive only if its particular cause is known. Otherwise, almost all of Schopenhauer's criticisms are attributed to his opposite way of philosophizing which starts with the examination of perceptions instead of concepts.
Michael Kelly.
Michael Kelly, in the preface to his 1910 book "Kant's Ethics and Schopenhauer's Criticism", stated: "Of Kant it may be said that what is good and true in his philosophy would have been buried with him, were it not for Schopenhauer..."

</doc>
<doc id="2890281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890281" title="Joseph Arnold">
Joseph Arnold

Joseph Arnold (28 December 1782 – 26 July 1818 in Padang, Sumatra, Netherlands East Indies (Indonesia) ) was a naval surgeon and naturalist. His specimen collection is in the museum of the Linnean Society.
Born in Beccles, Suffolk, he learned surgery in Edinburgh and received a diploma in 1807. 1808-1815 he worked as a naval surgeon for the Royal Navy, including two trips to Australia (1809 with HMS "Hindostan"; and in 1815 with HMS "Northumberland"). After 1815 he unsuccessfully tried to work as surgeon in Sydney, and upon his return trip to England he was stranded in Batavia. In 1818 he worked with Sir Stamford Raffles in Sumatra, where he died.
The largest flowering plant, "Rafflesia arnoldii", was discovered by an Indonesian guide working for him and later named in Arnold's honour.

</doc>
<doc id="2890285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890285" title="Old Museum Building, Brisbane">
Old Museum Building, Brisbane

The Old Museum Building is a heritage-listed performance venue in Bowen Hills, Brisbane, Australia.
History.
The Old Museum was originally called the Exhibition Building and Concert Hall. It was built in 1891 for the Queensland National Agricultural and Industrial Association after Brisbane's first exhibition building, which had occupied the land, was destroyed by fire on 13 June 1888. At the time of the fire the building was being used as a skating rink.
The land had been used by the Queensland Acclimatisation Society from 1863-1875. 
The new exhibition building was designed by the architect George Henry Male Addison (1857–1922). The style of the building may best be described as progressive eclecticism. It is entered in the Queensland Heritage Register.
The Queensland Government took over control of the building and grounds when the National Association was forced into liquidation by the economic depression in 1897.
In 1899, the Exhibition Hall became home to the Queensland Museum, with the museum remaining in the building until the museum's relocation to the Queensland Cultural Centre in 1986. During the Queensland Museum's 86 years in the building, other parts of the building were used as a Concert Hall and an Art Gallery. Because of the Queensland Museum's long occupancy of the building, the building is now known as the Old Museum.
Performance venue.
The Old Museum building is home to the Queensland Youth Orchestras, who use the building as a rehearsal, performance and office space. The building is also home for the Brisbane Symphony Orchestra, Brisbane Philharmonic Orchestra, Queensland Youth Choir, Queensland Wind and Brass, Brisbane River City Clippers Barbershop Chorus, Queensland Rhythmic Gymnastics Organisation, Queensland Police Pipes and Drums and the Zen Zen Zo Physical Theatre Company.
The play "Troilus and Cressida" by William Shakespeare, was also presented in the Old Museum building in 1989. Members of the cast included Geoffrey Rush and Jane Menelaus. 
The Old Museum building was also used as one of the sites for the 1980s Australian series of "".
Heritage listing.
The building was listed on the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="2890288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890288" title="North Mount Lyell Railway">
North Mount Lyell Railway

The North Mount Lyell Railway was built to service the North Mount Lyell mine in West Coast Tasmania at the start of the Twentieth century to take ore from Gormanston east of the West Coast Range to the Crotty smelters, and then on to Pillinger in the Kelly Basin of Macquarie Harbour, from where it was shipped out.
The North Mount Lyell Railway had exceptionally easy grades compared to its competitor the Mount Lyell Mining and Railway Company which ran its Abt rack system railway through very steep grades from Queenstown to Regatta Point.
History.
Design challenge.
The railway route ran across a belt of karst terrain in the area near the current Darwin Dam - and the engineers of the 1890s were possibly the first in Australia to have designed for the possibility of sinkholes when planning the route.
Operation.
The line was opened for passengers 15 December 1900, and was taken over by the Mount Lyell Mining and Railway Company on 16 July 1903. The line was serviced by a small rail motor similar to that on the Lake Margaret Tram in the last years of operation. Due to failure of the Crotty smelters and the North Mount Lyell operations in general, and the amalgamation of the Mount Lyell and North Mount Lyell mines and companies, the railway had a short operational life. It closed to passengers in July 1924 and closed in 1929.
The railway was serviced by three Avonside Engines "J.Crotty" (No.1)(AE 1392/1899), "JP Lonergan" (No.2)(AE 1393/1899), and "DJ Mackay" (No.3)(AE 1394/1899). It also had three Shay engines - Number 4 (Lima 698/1902) - 3 cylinder two truck, Number 5 (Lima 697/1902), Number 6 (Lima 704/1902)
The company also had its own ship (the SS North Lyell) in its service which transported rolling stock to Kelly Basin 
After closure.
The railway bridge at the King River and the old rail formation were utilised right up to the damming of the River and the creation of Lake Burbury by the Hydro Electric Commission in the 1980s. The railway formation between the Linda Valley and the old locality of Darwin is now under water.
The railway formation between Mount Owen and Mount Jukes was known as the "Kelly Basin Road" during the No Dams campaign of December 1982 - and was a location of interaction between members of the Tasmanian Police and protesters.
Access.
Considerable parts of the old railway line alignment are now under Lake Burbury or destroyed by the related works.
Kelly Basin Road is accessed from Jukes Highway, at one point on the left (gated and locked) a track to one of the sites related to the Franklin Dam is located. Kelly Basin Road (the old formation) reaches a bridge, where access is by foot is needed to complete the journey to Kelly Basin. Walking time is 3 to 4 hours one way, but an easy grade.

</doc>
<doc id="2890289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890289" title="Resuscitation (album)">
Resuscitation (album)

Resuscitation is an album released by Detroit, Michigan electronic music duo ADULT. in 2001. Before this release, ADULT.'s output had consisted of various EPs and 12 inch singles released independently; this is actually a compilation album of many of their earlier singles. A bulk of the songs are presented on "Resuscitation" in remixed or re-recorded forms.
ADULT.'s members, Adam Lee Miller (music) and Nicola Kuperus (vocals and music) distributed the album on their own label, Ersatz Audio. Kurperus, a visual artist, is also responsible for the album's cover art photography.

</doc>
<doc id="2890293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890293" title="Willie Tann">
Willie Tann

Willie ""The Dice Man"" Tann is an English professional poker player.
Tann was born in Singapore and came to England to study law in the 1960s.
Tann has numerous nicknames on the poker circuit. Although usually called ""The Dice Man"", he also goes by the monikers '""The Governor"" and ""Mister Miyagi"".
Tann made one appearance on the original televised poker show Late Night Poker, finishing 3rd in his heat behind Padraig Parkinson and Ken Lennaárd. In later years he would also play in the European Poker Tour.
Tann mentored Zac Goldsmith (editor of "The Ecologist") in poker, leading Goldsmith to his 3rd place finish in the 2004 Poker Million.
Tann made a final table at the $1,500 Pot Limit Omaha event of the 2000 World Series of Poker (WSOP), receiving $26,910 for his 4th place finish behind Johnny Chan. In 2005 he won a WSOP bracelet in the $1,000 No Limit Hold'em event, to take home a prize of $188,335. In the 2007 World Series of Poker Tann cashed in the money for the first time in the $10,000 No Limit Hold'em Main Event coming in 77th place out of a field of 6,358 players, winning $106,382
Tann is a spokesman for Betfairpoker. He qualified for the 2005 WSOP Main Event via an online tournament on the site, eliminating the site founder Andrew Black in the process.
As of 2008, his total live tournament winnings exceed $1,300,000.
Tann currently lives in Bovingdon, Hertfordshire. He is married and has one son.

</doc>
<doc id="2890298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890298" title="Meridian altitude">
Meridian altitude

Meridian Altitude is an astronomical navigation method of calculating an observer's latitude. 
Principle.
This is the simplest calculation of astronomical navigation and is when an observer determines his latitude by measuring the altitude of a heavenly object at the time of its meridian passage. Meridian passage is when the object passes the observer's meridian, i.e. passes through south or north. This is usually done with the sun for a noon latitude but can be done with any heavenly object. Noon is when the sun passes through the meridian.
Let us imagine that the sun is overhead (at the zenith) at a point on the equator (altitude 0°) and observer A is standing at this point, the geographical point of the sun. If he were to measure the height of the sun above the horizon with a sextant he would find that the altitude of the sun was 90°. By subtracting this figure from 90° he would find the zenith distance of the sun which is 0°, which is the same as his latitude. Observer B is standing at one of the poles (latitude 90°N or 90°S) he would see the sun on the horizon at an altitude of 0°. By subtracting this from 90° he would find that the zenith distance is 90°, which is "his" latitude. Observer C at the same time is at latitude 20°N on the same meridian, i.e. on the same longitude as observer A. His measured altitude would be 70° and by subtracting this from 90° gives a 20° zenith distance which in turn is "his" latitude. In short, the zenith distance of a heavenly object at meridian altitude is the difference in latitude between it and the observer.
Methodology.
The estimated time of meridian altitude of the heavenly object is extracted from the nautical almanac. A few minutes before this time the observer starts observing the altitude of the object with a sextant. The altitude of the object will be increasing and the observer will continually adjust the sextant to keep the reflected image of the object on the horizon. As the object passes the meridian a maximum altitude will be observed. The time in UTC of this is observed.
The altitude obtained is corrected for dip (the error caused by the observers height above the sea) and refraction to obtain the true altitude of the object above the horizon. This is then subtracted from 90° to obtain the angular distance from the position directly above to obtain the zenith distance.

</doc>
<doc id="2890302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890302" title="Kuwait University">
Kuwait University

Kuwait University (, abbreviated in English as Kuniv) is one of the public universities in Kuwait. Entrance is restricted for foreign residents.
History.
Kuwait University was established in October 1966. It started with only two faculties, namely the Faculty of Science, Arts and Education; and a Women's College.
On 5 July 1993, Emir Jaber Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah issued a decree appointing Faiza Al-Kharafi as rector of the University, making her the first woman to head a major university in the Middle East. She stayed in that role until 2002.
Faculties.
KU has the following faculties:

</doc>
<doc id="2890310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890310" title="Custodian bank">
Custodian bank

A custodian bank, or simply custodian, is a specialized financial institution responsible for safeguarding a firm's or individual's financial assets and is not necessarily engaged in "traditional" commercial or consumer/retail banking such as mortgage or personal lending, branch banking, personal accounts, ATMs and so forth. The role of a custodian in such a case would be to:
Custodian banks are often referred to as global custodians if they safekeep assets for their clients in multiple jurisdictions around the world, using their own local branches or other local custodian banks with which they contract to be in their "global network" in each market to hold accounts for their respective clients. Assets held in such a manner are typically owned by larger institutional firms with a considerable amount of investments such as banks, insurance companies, mutual funds, hedge funds and pension funds.
By far, the 4 largest custodian banks in the world are:
Local custodian bank.
In relation to American Depositary Receipts (ADRs), a local custodian bank (also known as a sub-custodian or agent bank) is a bank in a country outside the United States that holds the corresponding amount of shares of stock trading on the home stock market represented by an ADR trading in the U.S, with each multiple representing some multiple of the underlying foreign share. This multiple allows the ADRs to possess a price per share conventional for the US market (typically between $20 and $50 per share) even if the price of the foreign share is unconventional when converted to US dollars directly. This bank acts as custodian bank for the company that issues the ADRs in the U.S stock.
Other Examples.
The following companies also offer custodian bank services:
Self-directed retirement account custodians.
Not to be confused with securities safekeeping custodians, in the U.S., various retirement plan investment accounts require "custodians" which have only a notion of safekeeping or possession in the concrete sense that securities or assets are custodied, but, rather, this arrangement is more about recordkeeping and administration than holding of invested assets. True, a custodian bank could also happen to be a retirement account administrator/"custodian", though a commercial bank could also be such a "custodian" and not be a "custodian bank". Such financial institutions specialize in the administration and 'custody' of individual or self-directed retirement plan such as IRAs, Roth IRAs, SEP IRAs, Rollover IRAs and Solo 401(k)s. Such institutions provide required legal custody services for the assets associated with self-directed retirement plans and administrative services such as investment execution, recordkeeping, accounting, and IRS and client reporting, while the actual account investments are held or custodied in accounts elsewhere.
Mutual Fund Custodian.
A Mutual Fund Custodian refers typically to a custodian bank or trust company (a special type of financial institution regulated like a "bank"), or similar financial institution responsible for holding and safeguarding the securities owned by a mutual fund. A mutual fund's custodian may also act as one or more service agents for the mutual fund such as being the fund accountant, administrator and/or transfer agent which maintains shareholder records and disburses periodic dividends or capital gains, if any, distributed by the fund. The vast majority of funds use a third party custodian as required by SEC regulation to avoid complex rules and requirements about "self-custody".
A mutual fund retirement account (IRA, SEP etc.) custodian, however, refers to the plan administrator and recordkeeper such as noted above, which may not necessarily be the same institution providing custody services to the investments of the overall fund.

</doc>
<doc id="2890314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890314" title="Izumi-Chūō Station">
Izumi-Chūō Station

Izumi-Chūō Station is the name of three train stations in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="2890316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890316" title="Appin">
Appin

Appin () is a remote coastal district of the Scottish West Highlands bounded to the west by Loch Linnhe, to the south by Loch Creran, to the east by the districts of Benderloch and Lorne, and to the north by Loch Leven. It lies north-east to south-west, and measures in length by in breadth.
The district is mainly in Argyll and Bute, with a coastal strip to the north, along Loch Leven, within the Highland council area.
The scenery of the coast is beautiful - a combination of seascapes and rugged and mountainous country inland - and Appin forms part of the Lynn of Lorn National Scenic Area, one of 40 in Scotland. The principal hills are double peaks of Beinn a' Bheithir - and - and Creag Ghorm - - in the north, and Fraochaidh , Meall Bàn and Beinn Mhic na Céisich near the western flank of Glen Creran. The chief rivers are the Coe and Laroch, flowing into Loch Leven, the Duror and Salachan flowing into Loch Linnhe, and the Iola and Creran flowing into Loch Creran. The leading industries are forestry and tourism, lead mining and slate quarrying and being of former importance but the superquarry Glensanda, in Morvern, on the opposite bank of Loch Linnhe provides employment. Ballachulish, Duror, Portnacroish, Appin Village and Port Appin are the principal villages. Appin was the country of a branch of the Stewarts.
There are a number of small settlements in the area. Port Appin, for example is home to a number of restaurants, a shop and public toilets. 
The A828 road runs along the coast of Appin. A passenger-only ferry to the island of Lismore runs from Port Appin. The district formerly had a railway, but the Caledonian Railway company’s branch line from Connel to Ballachulish was closed in 1966.
Appin is where the Appin Murder took place in 1752.

</doc>
<doc id="2890325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890325" title="Appraiser">
Appraiser

An appraiser (from Latin "appretiare", to value), is one who sets a value upon property, real or personal. In England the business of an appraiser is usually combined with that of an auctioneer, while the word itself has a similar meaning to that of "valuer." (See Auction, Valuation (finance).)
Usage.
In the United States, the most common usage relates to real estate appraisals, while the term is often used to describe a person specially appointed by a judicial or quasi-judicial authority to put a valuation on property, "e.g." on the items of an inventory of the estate (law) of a deceased person or on land taken for public purposes by the right of eminent domain. Appraisers of imported goods and boards of general appraisers have extensive functions in administering the customs laws of the United States. Merchant appraisers are sometimes appointed temporarily under the revenue laws to value where there is no resident appraiser without holding the office of appraiser (U.S. Rev. Stats. § 2609).
Real Estate Appraiser.
Nature of the Work (U.S. Department of Labor
Bureau of Labor Statistics)
Appraisers and assessors of real estate estimate the value of real property for a 
variety of purposes, such as to assess property tax, to determine a sales price, or 
to determine the amount of a mortgage that might be granted on a property. They 
may be called on to determine the value of any type of real estate, ranging from 
farmland to a major shopping center, although they often specialize in appraising 
or assessing only a certain type of real estate such as residential buildings or 
commercial properties. Assessors determine the value of all properties in a locality 
for property tax purposes whereas appraisers appraise properties one at a time for 
a variety of purposes, such as to determine what a good sale price would be for a 
home or to settle an estate or aid in a divorce settlement.
Valuations of all types of real property are conducted using similar methods, 
regardless of the type of property or who employs the appraiser or assessor. 
Appraisers and assessors work in localities they are familiar with so they have a 
knowledge of any environmental or other concerns that may affect the value of a 
property. They note any unique characteristics of the property and of the 
surrounding area, such as a specific architectural style of a building or a major 
highway located next to the parcel. They also take into account additional aspects 
of a property like the condition of the foundation and roof of a building or any 
renovations that may have been done. Additionally, they may take pictures to 
document a certain room or feature, in addition to taking pictures of the exterior of 
the building. After visiting the property, the appraiser or assessor will determine 
the fair value of the property by taking into consideration such things as 
comparable home sales, lease records, location, previous appraisals, and income 
potential. They will then put all of their research and observations together in a 
detailed report, stating not only the value of the parcel but the precise reasoning 
and methodology of how they arrived at the estimate.
Appraisers have independent clients and focus solely on valuing one property at a 
time. They primarily work on a client-to-client basis, and make appraisals for a 
variety of reasons. Real property appraisers often specialize by the type of real 
estate they appraise, such as residential properties, golf courses, or strip malls. In 
general, commercial appraisers have the ability to appraise any real property but 
may generally only appraise property used for commercial purposes, such as 
stores or hotels. Residential appraisers focus on appraising homes or other 
residences and only value those that house 1 to 4 families. Other appraisers have 
a general practice and value any type of real property.
Assessors predominately work for local governments and are responsible for 
valuing properties so a tax formula can be used to assess property taxes. Unlike 
appraisers, assessors value entire neighborhoods using mass appraisal 
techniques to value all the homes in a local neighborhood at one time. Although 
they do not usually focus on a single property they may assess a single property if 
the property owner challenges the assessment. They may use a computer-
programmed automated valuation model specifically developed for their assigned 
jurisdictions. In most jurisdictions the entire community must be revalued annually 
or every few years. Depending on the size of the jurisdiction and the number of 
staff in an assessor’s office, an appraisal firm, often called a revaluation firm, may 
do much of the work of valuing the properties in the jurisdiction. These results are 
then officially certified by the assessor.
When properties are reassessed, assessors issue notices of assessments and 
taxes that each property owner must pay. Assessors must be current on tax 
assessment procedures and must be able to defend their property assessments, 
either to the owner directly or at a public hearing, as accurate, since assessors are 
also responsible for dealing with tax payers who want to contest their assigned 
property taxes. Assessors also keep a database of every parcel in their jurisdiction 
labeling the property owner, issued tax assessment, and size of the property, as 
well as property maps of the jurisdiction that detail the property distribution of the 
jurisdiction.
Appraisers and assessors write a detailed report of each appraisal. Writing these 
reports has become faster and easier through the use of laptop computers, 
allowing them to access data and write at least some of the report on-site. Another 
computer technology which has impacted this occupation are electronic maps, 
made by assessor’s offices, of a given jurisdiction and its respective property 
distribution. Appraisers and assessors use these maps to obtain an accurate 
perspective on the property and buildings surrounding a property. Digital cameras 
are also commonly used to document the physical appearance of a building or 
land at the time of appraisal, and the pictures are also used in the documentation 
of the report.
References.
The Harris Company, Forensic Appraisers and Consultants, http://www.harriscompanyrec.com 

</doc>
<doc id="2890337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890337" title="Wildlife totemization">
Wildlife totemization

Wildlife totemization is a system of beliefs in which humans have mystical, emotional, reverential, or genealogical relationships with a totem that is a natural object, such as a plant or animal.
Purpose.
Wildlife totemization goes some way towards explaining why some wildlife management programs are particularly controversial. The general hypothesis is similar to wildlife symbolism, in that both theories state that in certain circumstances, humans will imbue species of wildlife with characteristics that are not necessarily inherent in those species themselves.
Characteristics.
Characteristics of totemization include:

</doc>
<doc id="2890339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890339" title="Peter Perski">
Peter Perski

Peter Perski, born 6 January 1970, is a Swedish actor.

</doc>
<doc id="2890340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890340" title="SpeedScript">
SpeedScript

SpeedScript was a type-in word processor for various home computers. Approximately 5 KB in length, it provided many of the same features as commercial word processing packages of the early 8-bit era, such as PaperClip and Bank Street Writer.
Versions.
In April 1983 "Compute!" staff writer Charles Brannon published in the magazine Scriptor, a word processor written in BASIC and assembly language, as a type-in program for the Atari 8-bit family. In January 1984 version 1.0 of his new word processor SpeedScript appeared in "Compute!'s Gazette" for the Commodore 64 and VIC-20. 1.1 appeared in "Compute!'s Second Book of Commodore 64", 2.0 on "Gazette Disk" in May 1984, and 3.0 in "Compute!" in March and May 1985. Corrections that updated 3.0 to 3.1 appeared in May 1985, and the full version appeared in "SpeedScript: The Word Processor for the Commodore 64 and VIC-20". A 3.2 update appeared in the December 1985 "Compute!" and January 186 "Compute! Disk".
SpeedScript was later ported to the Atari and the Apple II family in "Compute!" in May and June 1985. SpeedScript was written entirely in assembly language, and Compute! Publications later released a book/disk combination that contained the complete commented source code (as well as the machine language in MLX format).
A DOS version of SpeedScript was created in 1988 by Randy Thompson and published in book form by Compute! Books, ISBN 0-87455-166-8. This version was written in Turbo Pascal with portions written in assembly language, and added incremental new features to the word processor such as additional printer commands, full cursor-control (to take advantage of the PC's Home, End, PgUp, and PgDn keys), and a native 80-column mode.
80-Column Updates.
The original versions of SpeedScript were designed for the 40-column Commodore 64 and the 22-column VIC-20. When the Commodore 128 was released, featuring an 80-column display, many users requested an updated version of SpeedScript to take advantage of this new capability. In June 1986, "COMPUTE!'s Gazette" published SpeedScript-80, a short patch for SpeedScript 3.0 or higher, which enabled the use of the VDC's new 80-column capabilities on a Commodore 128 running in 64 mode. However, this did not take advantage of the C128's expanded memory, and a few minor commands were eliminated due to the alterations to the existing code. SpeedScript-80 was enhanced soon after with SpeedScript-80 Revisited, by Bob Kodadek.
A native version for the C128 called SpeedScript 128, also written by Kodadek, was finally released in October 1987. This version eliminated the problems of the patch and took full advantage of the C128's 80-column screen, its expanded memory and the enhanced keyboard.
In December 1987, "COMPUTE!'s Gazette" published "Instant 80", a utility for the C64 version of SpeedScript that allowed 80-column document previewing (though not editing) on a standard C64. This was done by using half-width characters on a high-resolution graphics screen.
Spelling checkers.
Although SpeedScript did not include a built-in spell checker, additional utilities were soon published. In December 1985, SpeedCheck was published in "COMPUTE!'s Gazette". This external utility accepted SpeedScript files (as well as those from compatible word processors, such as "PaperClip") and spell-checked them against a user-defined dictionary. An enhanced 80-column version for the C128, SpeedCheck 128, was published in September 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="2890342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890342" title="Ardarroch">
Ardarroch

Ardarroch is a small hamlet, located in what is commonly known as the Kishorn area, on the north east shore of Loch Kishorn, within the Strathcarron, Ross-shire, Scotland, and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.

</doc>
<doc id="2890345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890345" title="Collingwood Airport">
Collingwood Airport

Collingwood Airport is a medium-sized registered aerodrome located southeast of Collingwood, Ontario, Canada, west of Barrie and north of Toronto. It is located in the township of Clearview, near Wasaga Beach and the ski hills of Blue Mountain.
History.
Runway improvements were made in 2009 and the airport re-opened in January, 2010.
Radio.
The Unicom frequency is 122.85 MHz (limited hours), and includes ARCAL type-k lighting 122.85 MHz.

</doc>
<doc id="2890355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890355" title="Gerhard III, Count of Holstein-Rendsburg">
Gerhard III, Count of Holstein-Rendsburg

Gerhard III of Holstein-Rendsburg ( – 1 April 1340), sometimes called Gerhard the Great, and in Denmark also known as "Count Gert" or "den kullede greve" ("the bald count"), was a German prince who ruled Schauenburg and Holstein-Rendsburg and during the interregnum of 1332–40 also a large part of Denmark.
His father was Henry I, Count of Holstein-Rendsburg (ca. 1258 – 5 August 1304). Gerhard inherited his part of the county of Holstein as a boy but already as a young man he enlarged his heritage by manoeuvring out his relatives and his conquest of other parts of Holstein made him a powerful local prince. In these years he also acted as a paid "condottiere" for neighbouring kings which made him a mortgagee of for instance King Eric VI of Denmark. He often worked together with his Holstein cousin Count John III, Count of Holstein-Plön.
1325 Gerhard began his career in the North by taking over the guardianship for his minor nephew Duke Valdemar of Schleswig. This position made him a possible ally of the dissatisfied Danish magnates and 1326 he dethroned King Christopher II together with the Danish rebels. From then until his death he was a main factor of Danish politics. He placed his nephew on the Danish throne, was made the regent of Denmark and at the same time he secured the separation of Schleswig from Denmark by the so-called Constitutio Valdemariana which made the ground of the long-standing German influence on South Jutland. His lack of ability of creating peace and order led to rebellions and a conflict with Count Johan. As a result Gerhard 1330 replaced Valdemar by Christopher II as the puppet king and after the death of Christopher 1332 he quite simply took over the rule himself.
From 1332 to 1340 Count Gerhard was the real ruler of most of the dissolved country being the lord of both Jutland and Funen, leaving the rest to Johan. He did not try to make himself a king or a regent but seems to have been ruling as a military dictator and mortgagee exploiting his possessions as much as possible. However his position was unsafe because he himself had new creditors who had financed his armies and therefore had a hold on him. The result was a growing opposition against the foreign rule also within the Danish gentry that had earlier supported him. Peasant rebellions and lawlessness at sea created a growing chaos and Gerhard was put under pressure from the German neighbouring states now supporting Christopher's son Valdemar (afterwards Valdemar IV) who acted as the official pretender. Gerhard seems to have prepared a political climb-down in return for his outstanding debts but before a solution was reached he made a new campaign against rebels in North Jutland in the spring of 1340. Here he was slain in Randers by the Danish squire Niels Ebbesen who entered his bedroom together with some of his men.
His death meant the end of the Holstein rule and his two sons gave up their position in return of a satisfying economic compromise that brought Valdemar on the throne.
Because of his political role Gerhard has been highly variously judged. In Denmark he is traditionally regarded a scoundrel and a “German tyrant” and his murder has been viewed as one of the highlights of Danish history, having inspired Danish poets and authors as late as during the German occupation of Denmark 1940–1945. In the Ditmarshes (Dithmarschen) in which he ravaged he also seems to be unfavourable viewed. In Holstein however he has been something of a national war hero who was almost worshipped as a saint. From contemporary sources he appears an energetic, brutal and deeply religious warrior.
Marriage and issue.
Gerhard III married Sophia of Werle, the daughter of Nicholas II of Werle and Richeza, the daughter of Eric V of Denmark; they had the following children:

</doc>
<doc id="2890368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890368" title="UNICOM">
UNICOM

A UNICOM (Universal Communications) station is an air-ground communication facility operated by a non-air traffic control private agency to provide advisory service at uncontrolled aerodromes and airports and to provide various non-flight services, such as requesting a taxi, even at towered airports. It is also known as an Aeronautical Advisory Station. The equivalent European/ICAO service is known as (Aerodrome) Flight Information Service, abbreviated as AFIS or FIS.
Description.
UNICOM is employed at airports with a low volume of general aviation traffic and where no control tower is presently active. UNICOM stations typically use a single communications frequency. Some airfields always offer UNICOM service while others revert to UNICOM procedures only during hours when the control tower is closed. Under this protocol, aircraft may call a non-government ground station to make announcements of their intentions. Pilots who join the frequency later can request field advisories, which may include "weather information, wind direction, the recommended runway" and any previously reported traffic.
In some cases, the ground station is not staffed, and attempts to communicate will, of course, receive no acknowledgement. During these times, pilots self-announce their position and/or intentions over the CTAF frequency, which is often the same as the UNICOM frequency. When a part-time UNICOM station is located on the same airport as a part-time control tower, the same frequency will be used by both ground stations to avoid confusion. Many UNICOM stations are operated by a Fixed base operator (FBO), and it may be possible to request services such as fuel trucks, taxi service from the airport, outgoing phone calls, and others.
Frequencies.
The actual frequency used at any particular airport can be found on the relevant sectional, terminal area chart or in airport directories, such as the Canada Flight Supplement.
USA.
In the United States, radio frequencies made available by the Federal Communications Commission for use as UNICOM are:
Canada.
In Canada, the radio frequencies assigned for UNICOM are:

</doc>
<doc id="2890385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890385" title="Depository bank">
Depository bank

A depository bank "(U.S. usage)" or depositary bank ("esp. in the EU") is a term used to refer to one or more types of entity which, depending on the jurisdiction provides one or more of a range of functions in the context of investing in securities markets. 
U.S. Depository Banks.
In the United States, a depositary is a bank organized in US the which provides all the stock transfer and agency services in connection with a depositary receipt program. This function includes arranging for a custodian to accept deposits of ordinary shares, issuing the negotiable receipts which back up the shares, maintaining the register of holders to reflect all transfers and exchanges, and distributing dividends in U.S. dollars.
Depositary Banks in the European Union.
In the EU, a depositary is a financial institution which provides fiduciary / custodian services to Investment Funds authorised to trade in any EU jurisdiction as a UCITS or Alternative Investment Fund. Both the UCITS (2009/65/EC) Directive and AIFMD (2011/61/EU) Directives require that authorised investment funds have a depositary appointed to the fund to safekeep the assets of the fund (whether by taking them into custody, or record-keeping and verifying title of them) and oversee the affairs of the fund to ensure that it complies with obligations outlined in relevant laws and the fund’s constitutional documents. Depositaries have been subject to significantly increased regulation in the EU in recent years and the proposed “UCITS V” directive proposes to continue this trend by imposing a standard “strict” standard of depositary liability for the loss of fund assets, other than in certain circumstances. 

</doc>
<doc id="2890386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890386" title="Harriet Chalmers Adams">
Harriet Chalmers Adams

Harriet Chalmers Adams (October 22, 1875 – July 17, 1937) was an American explorer, writer and photographer. She traveled extensively in South America, Asia and the South Pacific in the early 20th century, and published accounts of her journeys in the "National Geographic" magazine. She lectured frequently on her travels and illustrated her talks with color slides and movies. 
Life and travels.
Born in Stockton, California to Alexander Chalmers and Frances Wilkens, she was educated by private tutors. On October 5, 1899 she married Franklin Pierce Adams. In 1904, Adams went on her first major expedition, a three-year trip around South America with her husband, during which they visited every country, and traversed the Andes on horseback. The New York Times wrote that she "reached twenty frontiers previously unknown to white women."
In a later trip she retraced the trail of Christopher Columbus's early discoveries in the Americas, and crossed Haiti on horseback.
Adams served as a correspondent for Harper's Magazine in Europe during World War I. She was the only female journalist permitted to visit the trenches. Later she and her husband visited eastern Bolivia during a second extended trip to South America.
From 1907 to 1935, she wrote twenty-one articles for the National Geographic Society that featured her photographs, including "Some Wonderful Sights in the Andean Highlands" (September 1908), "Kaleidoscopic La Paz: City of the Clouds" (February 1909) and "River-Encircled Paraguay" (April 1933). She wrote on Trinidad, Surinam, Bolivia, Peru and the trans-Andean railroad between Buenos Aires and Valparaiso.
In 1925, Adams helped launch the Society of Woman Geographers. In all, Adams is said to have travelled more than a hundred thousand miles, and captivated hundreds of audiences. The New York Times wrote "Harriet Chalmers Adams is America's greatest woman explorer. As a lecturer no one, man or woman, has a more magnetic hold over an audience than she."
She died in Nice, France, on July 17, 1937, at age 61. An obituary in the Washington Post called her a "confidant of savage head hunters" who never stopped wandering the remote corners of the world. She is interred at the Chapel of the Chimes in Oakland, California.
Of women as adventurers, she wrote 
Sources.
Anema, Durlynn. "Harriet Chalmers Adams: Adventurer and Explorer". Aurora, Colorado: National Writers Press, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="2890399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890399" title="Escape of Charles II">
Escape of Charles II

The Escape of Charles II from England in 1651 is a key episode in his life. Although it took only six weeks, it had a major effect on his attitudes for the rest of his life.
The fugitive king.
Charles had lost to Cromwell's New Model Army at the Battle of Worcester on 3 September 1651 and was a wanted man. A reward of £1,000 was offered for the capture of the King, and it is likely that the King and anyone helping him would have been executed for treason, if caught. The King had a distinctive appearance: very swarthy and 6' 2" tall (1.88 metres), at a time when average male height in England was 5' 6". Furthermore there were cavalry patrols specifically tasked with finding the King. Fortunately for Charles, the Catholics had an organisation with 90 years of experience in keeping secrets and hiding people. However, it was also illegal for Catholics to travel more than five miles away from their homes without a pass from the Sheriff of the County, increasing the hazards faced by those who helped him.
Flight from Worcester.
Late on 3 September 1651, Charles fled the city of Worcester by the northern gate in the company of Lord Wilmot, Lord Derby, Charles Giffard (or Gifford) and many others. While some of the party elected to try to flee to Scotland, Charles rejected the idea on the basis of its difficulties; the journey would cover hundreds of miles and expose him to many dangers. Instead, Charles planned to make for London; as it was such a large city, he could easily disguise himself and find a ship to the Continent. Charles told only Wilmot of his plan, telling him they would meet at the Three Cranes Tavern. Charles attempted to persuade the others in his party to leave, though as he later remarked: "though I could not get them to stand by me against the enemy, I could not get rid of them, now I had a mind to it." By now night was falling and shelter was urgently required; decisions would have to be made without delay. 
Lord Derby was a committed Cavalier and a prominent Catholic nobleman. The previous week, left wounded and pursued after the disastrous Battle of Wigan Lane, he had been sheltered by a Catholic tenant family, the Penderels, at Boscobel House in Shropshire before rejoining the royal party. He now suggested Boscobel House to Charles as a safe place of refuge. 
Shropshire remained a Catholic stronghold with many hiding places. The owner of Boscobel, Charles Giffard, was himself accompanying the group and agreed to the plan; however, he suggested another house, White Ladies Priory, as being safer than Boscobel. 
The royal party then headed into Shropshire, stopping after five miles at an inn in Ombersley (now the Kings Arms) for refreshments. Charles continued on towards Stourbridge through the parish of Chaddesley Corbett and past the parishes of Hagley and Pedmore. Stourbridge was garrisoned by Parliamentary troops but Charles was able to pass without the alarm being sounded, (it has also been suggested that Charles took a slightly different route and did not cross the Stour at Stourbridge but near a village called Wolverley after passing through a dell below Lea Castle and over Hay Bridge). Tradition has it the King halted at Whittington Manor, now the Whittington Inn on the A449. From there he passed through Kinver into Staffordsire. The party stopped again at Wordsley before arriving at White Ladies Priory on Giffard's estate at Boscobel in the early hours of 4 September.
Boscobel to Bentley.
The houses on the estate were looked after by servants. Five Catholic brothers called Pendrell (also Pendrill or Penderel) lived on the Boscobel Estate. At White Ladies, the King was met by George Pendrell who called his brother, Richard, from his farm, Hobbal Grange, at Tong. They disguised the King as a farm labourer, "in a coarse noggen shirt, with breeches of green coarse cloth and a doeskin leather doublet." Charles was then given a pair of patched stockings and a "greasy, long, white, steeple-crowned hat" to wear, and Richard cut the King's hair, leaving it short on top but long at the sides. However, a significant problem now arose; as Charles was an unusually tall man, the shoes provided for him were far too small and had to be slit all around to make them fit. The coarse leather irritated his soft feet and made them bleed, causing the King excruciating pain. It was now felt that it would be safer for the King to travel almost alone and so all his followers apart from Lord Wilmot were persuaded to leave. Those who struck out on their own attempted to reach Scotland, but the majority, including Lord Derby, were captured and later executed.
At sunrise and in a pouring rain, Charles was moved out of White Ladies into the nearby Spring Coppice on the estate, hiding there with Richard Pendrell. Shortly after the King had left the Priory, a company of local militia stopped at White Ladies and asked if the King had been seen. The soldiers were told he had journeyed on some time before; convinced, they passed on, but were seen by Charles as they rode by. 
Charles recalled: "'In this wood I stayed all day without meat or drink and by great fortune it rained all the time which hindered them, as I believe, from coming into the wood to search for men that might be fled there.'"
The Pendrells quickly taught Charles how to speak with a local accent and how to walk like a labourer. They told Charles they knew no way to safely get him to London, but that they knew of a Francis Wolfe who lived near the River Severn and whose house had several hiding places. After dark, Richard Pendrell took Charles to Hobball Grange where he had a meal and then immediately set off for Madeley, hoping to cross the River Severn into Wales where the Royalists had strong support. At Evelith Mill, they were challenged by the local miller and the pair fled. (Some accounts have the miller chasing them down the lane.) It later turned out the miller was himself a Royalist who was hiding some members of the defeated army. Charles and Richard arrived at Wolfe's home close to midnight on 5 September. 
At Madeley, Wolfe told Richard and the King that his house was no longer safe, but he provided a barn for Charles to hide in while Richard and Wolfe scouted the Severn crossings. They found that the Severn was very closely guarded, so Charles and Richard were forced to return to Boscobel, wading through a stream along the way and also stopping at White Ladies, where they learned Lord Wilmot was safe at nearby Moseley Hall. Though greatly hampered by Charles' sore and bleeding feet, they returned to Boscobel House close to 3 in the morning of 6 September, after which Charles' feet were tended to. 
On the same day a Colonel William Careless (or Carlis), who had fought at Worcester, also arrived at Boscobel House where William Pendrell was a caretaker. At Careless' suggestion, he and the king spent all day hiding in a nearby oak tree (The Royal Oak), while Parliamentary troops searched the surrounding woodland. The exhausted king slept for some of the time, supported by Careless, whose arms soon tired of supporting the King and who was "constrained...to pinch His Majesty to the end he might awaken him to prevent his present danger." They returned to Boscobel House that evening. Meanwhile, another Pendrell brother, Humphrey, reported that while at the local militia headquarters, he had been interrogated by a Parliamentary colonel, who questioned him closely about whether the King had been at White Ladies; however, Humphrey had managed to convince the officer he had never been there. The Colonel, though, had reminded Humphrey of the £1000 reward for information leading to the King's capture and of the "penalty for concealing the King, which was death without mercy." This further emphasized the importance of getting Charles out of the country as soon as possible. Charles spent the night in one of Boscobel's priest-holes.
Late in the evening of 7 September, Charles left Boscobel for Moseley Old Hall at the suggestion of Wilmot who was staying there. Humphrey Pendrell was the local miller and provided Charles with the old mill horse. The King was accompanied by all five Pendrell brothers and Francis Yates (servant to Charles Giffard and brother-in-law to the Pendrells). Soon after leaving Boscobel the horse stumbled, and Humphrey Pendrell joked that it was "not to be wondered at, for it had the weight of three kingdoms upon its back". The party stopped at Pendeford Mill where Charles dismounted, as it was unsafe to continue riding. Three Pendrells took the horse back, while Richard and John Pendrell with Francis Yates continued with the King to Moseley Old Hall, which was the home of Thomas Whitgreave.
At Moseley, Charles was given a meal and dry clothes, and the Whitgreave family's priest, Father John Huddleston, bathed the King's bruised and bleeding feet. Deeply touched, Charles told Huddleston, "If it please God I come to my crown, both you and all your persuasion shall have as much liberty as any of my subjects." Charles spent the night and the next two days hiding at Moseley Hall, sleeping in a bed for the first time since 3 September. Later that morning he saw some of his fleeing Scottish troops passing by. 
That afternoon, Parliamentary troops arrived at Moseley Hall, and Charles was hurriedly hidden in the Moseley priest-hole, hidden behind the wall of a bedroom. The troops accused Thomas Whitgreave of fighting for the King at Worcester, which he had not done (though he had fought as a Royalist before being wounded and captured at Naseby in 1645). Whitgreave further convinced them he was too feeble to aid any Royalist fugitives. However, they were eventually convinced that Whitgreave had not fought and went away, without searching the house, but the King no longer felt safe at Moseley Hall. Shortly after midnight on 10 September, Charles left Moseley Hall and went to Bentley Hall near Walsall.
Bentley to Trent.
Colonel John Lane lived at Bentley Hall. He had been an officer in the Royalist Army since 1642. His sister was Jane Lane. At Moseley, Wilmot learned that Jane had obtained a permit from the military for herself and a servant to travel to Abbot's Leigh, Somerset to visit Mrs. George Norton, a friend of Jane's who was having a baby. Abbots Leigh also lay just across the Avon Gorge from the important seaport of Bristol. Lord Wilmot saw the opportunity of escaping through Bristol in the guise of the servant. On learning of the King's failure to reach Wales, Wilmot decided that the King should take advantage of the military pass and travel to Bristol as Jane Lane's servant, and then find a ship to take him to France.
When the King reached Bentley Hall in the early morning of 10 September he was quickly dressed as a tenant farmer's son and adopted the alias 'William Jackson' for the next part of his journey. The party then set out, Charles riding the same horse as Jane Lane. They were accompanied by Withy Petre (Jane Lane's sister), her husband John Petre, and Henry Lascelles, another related Royalist officer. Lord Wilmot refused to travel in disguise; he rode openly half a mile ahead of the party and if challenged he said he would claim to be out hunting. This was a brave and useful decoy. The party rode through Rowley Regis then Quinton to Bromsgrove. When they arrived at Bromsgrove they found that the horse ridden by Charles and Jane had lost a shoe. The King, playing the role of servant, took the horse to a blacksmith.
The King when he later told his story to Samuel Pepys and others said, "As I was holding my horse's foot, I asked the smith what news. He told me that there was no news that he knew of, since the good news of the beating the rogues of the Scots. I asked him whether there was none of the English taken that joined with the Scots, He answered he did not hear if that rogue, Charles Stuart, were taken; but some of the others, he said, were taken. I told him that if that rogue were taken, he deserved to be hanged more than all the rest, for bringing in the Scots. Upon which he said I spoke like an honest man; and so we parted."
The party reached Wootton Wawen where cavalry had gathered outside the inn. Here John and Withy Petre went ahead of the party. The King, Jane and Henry Lascelles with great coolness rode through the troops. The party then continued through Stratford-upon-Avon, and on to Long Marston where they spent the night of 10 September at the house of John Tomes, another relation of Jane's. Here, in keeping with his outward guise as a servant, the cook of the house put him to work in the kitchen winding up the jack used to roast meat in the fireplace. Charles was very clumsy at this, and the cook angrily asked him, "What countryman are you that you know not how to wind up a jack?" Charles explained his clumsiness by saying that as the son of poor people, he so rarely ate meat that he did not know how to use a roasting jack. Given the state of the economy at the time, his story was accepted and he was not identified.
On Thursday 11 September they continued through Chipping Campden and then to Cirencester, where it is claimed they spent the night of 11 September at the Crown Inn. The next morning they travelled on to Chipping Sodbury and then to Bristol, arriving at the Nortons' home, Abbots Leigh late on the afternoon of 12 September. The Nortons were unaware of the King's identity during his three-day stay at Abbot Leigh. However, the butler, Pope, who had formerly been a Royalist soldier and had often seen Charles as a boy, immediately recognised the King. Charles soon confirmed his identity to Pope, who later slipped Lord Wilmot into the house unobserved. Pope also attempted to find a ship for the King at the port of Bristol, but discovered none would be sailing to France for another month. While staying at Abbots Leigh, Charles deflected suspicion by asking a servant, who had been in the King's personal guard at the Battle of Worcester, to describe the King's appearance and clothing at the battle. The man looked at Charles and said, "The King was at least three fingers taller than ."
Since no ships were to be found, Pope suggested the King find refuge with the Wyndham family, who lived 40 miles away in the village of Trent on the Somerset and Dorset border. The Wyndhams were known to Wilmot and to Charles, as the daughter of the King's old nurse had married the elder Wyndham brother Edmund. Charles and Wilmot therefore decided to make for the south coast with Jane. However, Mrs Norton suddenly went into labour and bore a stillborn infant. As Jane could not now leave Abbots Leigh without raising suspicion, the butler Pope forged a letter to Jane informing her of her father's serious illness and that she was immediately required at Bentley. 
On the morning of 16 September Charles set out and reached the Manor House, Castle Cary. The next day they reached Trent near Sherborne. They stayed at Trent House, the home of Colonel Francis Wyndham, another Royalist officer. The King spent the next few days hiding at Trent while Wyndham and Wilmot attempted to find a ship from Lyme Regis or Weymouth. It was while he was at Trent that the King witnessed a bizarre event where the local villagers were celebrating, believing that he had been killed at Worcester. It was also this point that Jane Lane and Lascelles returned home. Now faced with the task of getting Charles out of England, Colonel Wyndham contacted a friend in Lyme Regis, Captain Ellesdon, one of whose tenants, Stephen Limbry, was sailing for St. Malo the following week. Charles and Wilmot, it was decided, could board the vessel in the guise of merchants travelling to recover money from a debtor. 
On 22 September Charles rode with Juliana Coningsby, a niece of Lady Wyndham to Charmouth, pretending to be a runaway couple. Charles waited at the Queen's Arms Inn while Wilmot negotiated with Captain Limbry to take them to France. Limbry was prevented by his wife from turning up, having (according to him) been locked into his bedroom by his wife, who was afraid for his safety. Charles and Wilmot then travelled to Bridport, Dorset, to discover to their horror that the town was filled with Parliamentary troops about to be sent to Jersey. Charles boldly walked through the soldiers to the best inn and arranged for rooms. The ostler then confronted the King, saying "Sure, Sir, I know your face," but Charles easily convinced him that he and the ostler had both been servants at the same time for a Mr. Potter of Exeter. 
Meanwhile, Wilmot had gotten separated from the King and had gone to the wrong Bridport inn. Moreover, while at the Queen's Arms Inn, Wilmot had discovered his horse had lost a shoe, so he called for the ostler and told him to take the horse to a blacksmith's. The inn's ostler, a Parliamentary soldier, wrongly supposed Juliana to be the King in disguise. The blacksmith told the ostler that one of the horse's shoes had been forged in Worcestershire, confirming the ostler's suspicions. Learning the "eloping couple" had departed for Bridport, the ostler informed his commanding officer, who rode to Bridport but narrowly missed the royal party, as Wilmot had rejoined Charles and the pair were attempting to return to Trent. The next day, Charles narrowly escaped capture by hiding in Lee Lane at Bridport. A memorial stone, erected at the spot, commemorates the event.
After leaving Bridport, Charles and Wilmot lost their way and soon reached the village of Broadwindsor that evening, spending the night at The George Inn owned by Rhys Jones. The royal party were given rooms on the top floor. Later that night, the local constable arrived with 40 soldiers en route to Jersey, who were to be billeted at the inn. Fortunately one of the women travelling with the soldiers went into labour. The locals feared that the parish would be forced to pay for the child's upbringing and this caused a row which diverted attention. As a result, the soldiers left the inn at dawn, allowing the King to escape. On the evening of 24 September the King returned to Trent House.
Trent to France.
Charles spent the next few weeks in hiding at Trent House while his friends tried to arrange a passage to France. Wilmot went to Salisbury to contact known Royalists, including Colonel Edward Phelips of Montacute House and John Coventry, son of the former Lord Keeper of the Great Seal. Passage was booked on a ship from Southampton on 29 September, but the ship was commandeered to transport troops to Jersey. Phillips, Coventry and a Doctor Henchman of Salisbury Cathedral then decided to try the Sussex coast, and contacted Colonel George Gunter of Racton between Havant and Chichester.
On the 6 October the King, Julia Coningsby and Henry Peters, Colonel Wyndham's servant, left Trent for the home of Mrs Amphillis Hyde at Heale House between Salisbury and Amesbury. Though sleeping at Heale, Charles spent his days at Stonehenge, returning to the house each evening after dark. On 7 October Wilmot visited Colonel Gunter, who found a French merchant, Francis Mancell. Together they made arrangements with a Captain Nicholas Tattersell to carry the King and Wilmot from Shoreham near Brighton in a coal boat called the "Surprise" for £80.
The King, Wilmot and Gunter set out for Shoreham on 14 October arriving on 15 October. Gunter knew that The George Inn in Brighton was a safe place to spend the night. At the inn while negotiating with Captain Tattersell, Charles was recognised by the inn-keeper who was drunk and who fell on his knees. The captain realising who he would be carrying, demanded an additional £200 as danger-money. On 16 October the King and Lord Wilmot landed in France at Fécamp, near Le Havre. Only hours after the King sailed, a troop of cavalry arrived in Shoreham to arrest him. The escape from England is commemorated each year with a yacht race from Brighton to Fecamp The Royal Escape Race organised by the Sussex Yacht Club [http://www.royalescaperace.co.uk].
Next day Charles went to Rouen and then to Paris to stay with his mother, Queen Henrietta Maria. The King did not return to England for nine years. The death of Oliver Cromwell in 1658 was followed by two years of political confusion, which led to the Restoration of the monarchy in 1660.
When he returned to England in 1660 the King granted various annuities and gifts to the people such as the Pendrill brothers and Jane Lane for their services. They were summoned to Whitehall Palace to attend the King and did so for a number of years. For Thomas Whitgreave and Richard Pendrell, Charles created annual pensions of £200 to be paid to them and £100 to the descendants of Richard Pendrell in perpetuity. At some point the Whitgreave pension lapsed (it may never have actually been paid) and so did Jane Lane's because she had no children. The other Pendrell brothers also received lesser pensions. The pensions to the Pendrells are still being paid to a number of their descendants today.
The families who helped the King were awarded Coats of Arms, or augmentations to existing arms. The Pendrill Arms are the same as those awarded to Colonel Careless, an oak tree on a gold field with a red fess bearing three royal crowns, but with a silver field and black fess. The crest is distinguished by a royal crown encircling the crossed sword and sceptre. The Lanes' Coat of Arms was modified to show the three lions of England.
In 1664 the King's birthday of 29 May was designated Oak Apple Day, by Act of Parliament and a special service was inserted in the Book of Common Prayer. For over 200 years the King's birthday was celebrated by the wearing of a sprig of oak leaves in remembrance of the events. This tradition is no longer observed, although hundreds of inns and public houses throughout the country are still called The Royal Oak after the famous escape.
A series of inaccurate paintings by Isaac Fuller was commissioned shortly after the Restoration to record the episodes such as the oak tree, the King's night ride to Moseley Hall and pillion ride south with Jane Lane. These are on display in the Banqueting House in Whitehall in London.
Significance.
For much of the time without courtiers and troops, Charles had to rely on his own wits to avoid capture. He was a nerveless actor, though he made a few mistakes early in his role as a tenant farmer's son. His performance gave him the confidence in later life to be his 'own man'. For six weeks Charles also experienced ordinary life, which most kings never saw, and learned to appreciate all people, rich and poor. He became a King without 'airs and graces' and took a great interest in ordinary people as can been seen by his actions after the Great Fire of London.
The events made such an impression on Charles that in later years he loved to recount the exact details to people, including: Edward Hyde, 1st Earl of Clarendon, his doctor (Dr. George Bate), and to Samuel Pepys who each recorded what they were told, with few discrepancies between each version. This is why such detail, sometimes hour by hour, is known. Charles also saw that Catholics would take great risks for him and developed a great respect for them and their plight. On his deathbed, he became a Catholic.
The Monarch's Way Long Distance Footpath.
The Monarch's Way, a 615 mile waymarked footpath, based on the escape route starts at the battlefield at Worcester finishing at Shoreham.
In fiction.
The escape of Charles II following his defeat at the Battle of Worcester is the subject of William Harrison Ainsworth's 1871 novel "Boscobel, or, The Royal Oak". Georgette Heyer's novel, "Royal Escape", published in 1938 also tells the tale.
Gillian Bagwell's novel "The September Queen" recounts the parts of Charles's escape during which he was accompanied by Jane Lane, her subsequent discovery and escape to France, the years she spent in Holland in the court of Mary of Orange before Charles was restored, and her relationship with Charles throughout. Charles recounts some of the rest of his adventures in the book, which will be released in the U.S. on November 1, 2011, and in the U.K. in July 2012 under the title "The Royal Exile".
In film.
The Moonraker, a 1958 British historical drama film set during the English Civil War. It was directed by David MacDonald and starred Patrick Fenlon, George Baker, Sylvia Sims, Marius Goring, Gary Raymond, Peter Arne, John Le Mesurier and Patrick Troughton. The film depicts a fictionalised account of the Escape of Charles II following the Battle of Worcester.

</doc>
<doc id="2890402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890402" title="Vithura">
Vithura

Vithura is a small village situated 36 km from Thiruvananthapuram, capital of the Kerala state in India. Vithura is the crossroads to various tourist, cultural, and religious centres. Surrounded by the Western Ghats (Sahyadri), Vithura is a prime tourist spot. The Village is rich with scenic beauty and good climate. The campus for the Indian Institute of Science Education and Research, Thiruvananthapuram is being constructed here.
There are several rubber plantations. Prominent tourist spots include Ponmudi, Peppara Dam, Meenmutty Falls, Bonacaud and Agastyakoodam. The 2001 census reports a population of 26,927 
Places of Worship.
Following are some of the places of worship in Vithura

</doc>
<doc id="2890409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890409" title="Mount Owen (Tasmania)">
Mount Owen (Tasmania)

Mount Owen is the mountain directly east of the town of Queenstown in Tasmania, Australia. 
Like most of the mountains in the West Coast Range - it was named by Charles Gould after Richard Owen as the taller mountains were named after opponents or critics of Charles Darwin, the smaller after his supporters.
the north western slopes clearly seen from Gormanston and the Linda Valley the 'Long Spur'.
Vegetation.
Historically the tree line on Mount Owen was to a high level, however timber on the slopes was used by the local mining operations. In the early days of settlement fires started on the slopes that destroyed housing in Queenstown and threatened the North Mount Lyell Railway 
By the early twentieth century the slopes of Mount Owen were denuded and had limited remnant vegetation.
Features.
A map in Geoffrey Blainey's 'The Peaks of Lyell' sourced from 1900-1910 calls the north west peak the 'North Spur', and 
The northern slopes, clearly visible from the Lyell Highway passing through the Linda Valley, show the extent of degradation due to fire, smelter fumes, and heavy rainfall.
It has small glacial lakes on its upper eastern slope, indicating the extent of Glaciation in the King River valley.
The western slopes loom over Queenstown, and in winter are regularly covered in snow.
The eastern wall to its north eastern peak that 'hangs over' the western shore of Lake Burbury, or in earlier times the North Mount Lyell Railway formation which passed beneath.
Access.
It also has TV and communications towers on its north west peak (North Spur), which has been utilised a vehicle access track
________________________________________________________________
"West Coast Range context"
_________________________________________________________________

</doc>
<doc id="2890412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890412" title="Cyrus Poncha">
Cyrus Poncha

Cyrus Poncha is currently the Indian squash coach. Born in 1976 in Bombay, he is based in Chennai, and coaches at the ICL-TNSRA Academy. Today, India is among the emerging countries in squash especially on the world junior circuit. Poncha was a national level player during his junior days. 
He won the Dronacharya Award from the Government of India in 2005 for nurturing squash talent in the country. 
Adjudged Asian Squash Federation Junior Coach of the Year - 2003-4. 
Some of his highlights as National Coach are

</doc>
<doc id="2890415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890415" title="Apprehension (understanding)">
Apprehension (understanding)

In psychology, apprehension (Lat. "ad", "to"; "prehendere", "to seize") is a term applied to a model of consciousness in which nothing is affirmed or denied of the object in question, but the mind is merely aware of ("seizes") it.
"Judgment" (says Reid, ed. Hamilton, i. p. 414) "is an act of the mind, specifically different from simple apprehension or the bare conception of a thing". "Simple apprehension or conception can neither be true nor false." This distinction provides for the large class of mental acts in which we are simply aware of, or "take in" a number of familiar objects, about which we in general make no judgment, unless our attention is suddenly called by a new feature. Or again, two alternatives may be apprehended without any resultant judgment as to their respective merits.
Similarly, G.F. Stout stated that while we have a very vivid idea of a character or an incident in a work of fiction, we can hardly be said in any real sense to have any belief or to make any judgment as to its existence or truth. With this mental state may be compared the purely aesthetic contemplation of music, wherein apart from, say, a false note, the faculty of judgment is for the time inoperative. To these examples may be added the fact that one can fully understand an argument in all its bearings, without in any way judging its validity. Without going into the question fully, it may be pointed out that the distinction between judgment and apprehension is relative. In every kind of thought, there is judgment of some sort in a greater or less degree of prominence.
Judgment and thought are in fact psychologically distinguishable merely as different, though correlative, activities of consciousness. Professor Stout further investigates the phenomena of apprehension, and comes to the conclusion that "it is possible to distinguish and identify a whole without apprehending any of its constituent details." On the other hand, there is an expectation that such details will, as it were, emerge into consciousness. Hence, he describes such apprehension as "implicit", and insofar as the implicit apprehension determines the order of such emergence, he describes it as "schematic". 
A good example of this process is the use of formulae in calculations; ordinarily the formula is used without question; if attention is fixed upon it, the steps by which it is shown to be universally applicable emerge, and the "schema " is complete in detail. With this result may be compared Kant's theory of apprehension as a synthetic act (the "synthesis of apprehension") by which the sensory elements of a perception are subjected to the formal conditions of time and space.

</doc>
<doc id="2890417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890417" title="In Death">
In Death

The …in Death series of novels, written by Nora Roberts under another of her pseudonyms, J. D. Robb, features NYPSD ("New York City Police and Security Department") Lieutenant Eve Dallas and her husband Roarke and is set in a mid-21st century New York City. The stories also regularly feature other characters, including Captain Ryan Feeney, Detective Delia Peabody, Detective Ian McNab and Dr. Charlotte Mira.
The series is ongoing and will go on as long as Roberts desires to write it; however, she has famously stated that the series will never contain one of Eve and Roarke's children, as the series will end with Eve's eventual pregnancy.
Books.
'**' out of sequence, events in novella occur after "Strangers in Death."(#31)
Deaths.
Below are all deaths - murder victims, murder investigations, and others - that occur in the span of the "In Death" books, including weapon, cause of death, and the perpetrator. This list does not include any attacks on persons that do not result in death.
Note: "stunner" and "laser" are both terms used interchangeably for the fictional weapons that the NYPSD carry in the "In Death" books; they release a strong electrical, laser-like stun that can do anything from incapacitating to killing the victim.

</doc>
<doc id="2890418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890418" title="Trusthorpe">
Trusthorpe

Trusthorpe is a small coastal village in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England. It is situated south from Mablethorpe and north from Skegness. It forms part of the parish of Mablethorpe and Sutton. About to the west is the hamlet of Thorpe.
The church is dedicated to Saint Peter and is Grade II listed, dating from the 14th century with alterations in 1522, 1606, 1842 and 1941. It is built of red brick with ashlar dressings, and the three stage tower has stepped corner buttresses, and just below the second stage is an ashlar datestone inscribed "1606 Anthone Swell." The nave dates from 1842 and the chancel from 1941; the font is 13th-century. At the east end of the nave is a wall monument to William Loft who died in 1854. 
Trusthorpe C of E School was built in 1856 in memory of William Loft, as a National School. It closed on 21 December 1927. 
Trusthorpe windmill was originally erected at Newland, near Hull. Mr Charles Foster bought it and moved it to Trusthorpe where it was incorporated into a new mill. The post mill was demolished and replaced in 1901 when a new tower mill was built; this lasted until 1935 after which it was converted into a house. 

</doc>
<doc id="2890420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890420" title="Eastside, Long Beach, California">
Eastside, Long Beach, California

There are two very different "Eastsides" in Long Beach. One is more often referred to as "East Long Beach" and is geographically the northeastern portion of the city. The common-usage "Eastside" is geographically the central portion of the city.
"Eastside" Long Beach.
The "Eastside Long Beach" familiar to hip-hop fans is an area on the east side of the Los Angeles River and 710 Freeway(closer to the center of Long Beach) and is associated with a number of Long Beach rap artists, such as Snoop Dogg, Knoc-Turn'al, Canidate, Daz Dillinger, Bruce Bugzy Kurupt, Likwid E, Bad Azz, Warren G, Nate Dogg, Crooked I, Soopafly, Techniec and RBX, Twinz, as well as jungle producer P2P (artist). Snoop Dogg went to Polytechnic High School The boundaries for this second Eastside are (very roughly) Willow Street and the Signal Hill city limits (N), Ximeno Ave. (E), Seventh St. (S), and the Los Angeles River (W). 
Rappers Snoop Dogg, Knoc-Turn'al, Warren G, and Nate Dogg, as well as Snoop Dogg's Tha Eastsidaz, are all from Eastside Long Beach. The VIP Records store which has been featured in music videos by Snoop Dogg and other rap music artists is at the corner of Pacific Coast Highway and Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd. in Eastside Long Beach, which has recently been closed.
This term "Eastside" is a catch-all and the area encompasses many smaller neighborhoods, including several of the official Historic Districts designated by the City of Long Beach and the Cambodia Town district. The area is often referred to as "Central Long Beach" by newspapers, city officials and real estate agents, but the term "Eastside" is still most commonly used by residents. The area's major thoroughfares are Anaheim Street, Pacific Coast Highway (State Route 1) and 7th Street east to west; and Pacific Avenue, Long Beach Boulevard and Atlantic Avenue north to south. The LA Metro Transit Authority Blue Line light rail runs in the center of Long Beach Boulevard beginning at Willow Ave and has stops throughout the neighborhood. Most streets are fairly narrow, and usually lined with cars throughout the day, as many residents of the area do not have a garage or assigned parking space available. The architecture of the neighborhood varies, it may include craftsman-style homes and bungalows dating back to the pre-WWII era, as well as small apartment complexes built during and shortly after the war. What little newer housing exists in the neighborhood is generally built from public funds as part of various urban renewal efforts by the City; an example of this are the townhouses along Atlantic Ave north of Pacific Coast Highway in an area referred to as "Renaissance Square" by City Hall. While there are no large-scale public housing projects on the East Side, the neighborhood has several "workforce housing" areas, as well as many smaller apartment complexes and other dwellings that are owned by the city Housing Authority or subsidized by public funds to offer lower rents. Overcrowding is evident in the neighborhood, it is frequent to see a three or four-unit apartment structure standing behind an older house on the same lot. There had been some gentrification of the area in the 2000s, due to its relative proximity to the beach (the beachfront is walking distance from many areas of the Eastside), the downtown and the CSU Long Beach Campus. Developers bought up several apartment complexes in the area and converted them into condominiums, only to see housing demand collapse in the 2007/2008 housing slump, causing many of these developments to sit empty for long periods of time. The Eastside is also marked by heavy small-business retail activity, especially in the storefronts that line Anaheim Street, 7th Street and Pacific Coast Highway. Many of these businesses are owned by immigrants and include restaurants, discount clothing stores, and automotive repair shops. So many businesses along a stretch of Anaheim Street are owned by Cambodian immigrants that the city has named the area "Cambodia Town". 
Long Beach Polytechnic High School, known for its connection to several rap artists as well as its powerhouse athletic programs, is located on the East Side on Atlantic Ave just south of Pacific Coast Hwy.
The area, while historically an African-American neighborhood, is inhabited by a mixed population that includes a heavy Hispanic concentration (predominantly Mexican-American) as well as one of the largest Samoan and Cambodian populations in the United States. There have also been a decent number of findings of caucasian residents, mainly in the historic district areas of the city. Due to the low rents throughout the Eastside, the area has also attracted many students who attend nearby CSU Long Beach.
The neighborhood includes all or portions of ZIP codes 90813, 90806, 90804, 90802 and 90815. It is adjacent to Downtown Long Beach, Alamitos Beach, Belmont Heights, Wrigley and the Traffic Circle, as well as the City of Signal Hill.
East Long Beach.
East Long Beach is a large area of Long Beach that is west of Interstate 605 (San Gabriel Freeway) and north of Interstate 405 (San Diego Freeway). The large El Dorado Park (which includes a golf course and nature center) forms the eastern boundary, and the city of Lakewood and Heartwell Park is to the north. Lakewood Boulevard and the Long Beach Municipal Airport form the western boundary. It can be differentiated from the other "Eastside" in that it is usually referred to in the media and in official business as "East Long Beach." This neighborhood is the geographic Eastern Northeast quadrant of the City of Long Beach, and generally consists of low-density housing, single family, detached homes built in the Post-WWII era. Most of the major streets through the area are wide boulevards of the type favored in construction of Postwar suburbs, and lined with trees. It is virtually indistinguishable in an architectural sense from neighboring Lakewood, and much of this section was developed as part of Lakewood and later annexed into Long Beach. East Long Beach's main thoroughfares are Studebaker Rd, Palo Verde Ave, Woodruff Ave, Bellflower Blvd, Clark Ave, Lakewood Blvd and Los Coyotes Diagonal north to south and Willow Street, Spring Street, Wardlow Rd and Carson Street east to west. Like its inner-city counterpart, East Long Beach is a catch-all term for a wide geographic area that includes smaller neighborhoods, including Plaza, Carson Park, South of Conant, and Lakewood Village. The western boundary to this area is vague, but in general, any area east of the Long Beach Airport that is in the City of Long Beach is considered East Long Beach.
Millikan High School, part of the Long Beach Unified School District, is at the Palo Verde Avenue and Spring Street.
The neighborhood is predominantly white middle-class, however recent years have seen an increase in numbers of upwardly-mobile minorities living in the area.
The neighborhood consists of all or portions of the 90815, 90808 and 90803 ZIP codes and is adjacent to the Traffic Circle, the California State University, Long Beach campus, the Los Angeles County cities of Lakewood and Hawaiian Gardens, and the Orange County cities of Cypress and Los Alamitos.

</doc>
<doc id="2890429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890429" title="Mount Jiuhua">
Mount Jiuhua

Mount Jiuhua () is one of the four sacred mountains of Chinese Buddhism. It is located in Qingyang County in Anhui province and is famous for its rich landscape and ancient temples.
Many of the mountain's shrines and temples are dedicated to Ksitigarbha (known in Chinese as Dìzàng, , in Japanese as Jizō), who is a bodhisattva and protector of beings in hell realms according to Mahayana Buddhist tradition. Pious Buddhists often visit Anhui to climb to Greater Tiantai peak, which is regarded as Jiuhuashan's most important peak, although it is not the tallest.
History.
Mount Jiuhua was called Mount Lingyang in Han Dynasty. It was called Mount Jiuzi (九子山) in Liang and Chen Dynasties of South Dynasties. A legend says that the great poet Li Bai of Tang Dynasty travelled here and wrote down "Magic is divided to two branches, sacred mountain generates nine glories." (妙有分二气，灵山开九华). Thus it was named Mount Jiuhua.
JiuHuashan is delicately beautiful which is located in the southeastern part of Chizhou City, in Quingyang County of Anhui Province. The gross area reaches 120 square kilometers, while the protection area reaches 114 square kilometers. Shiwang Peak is the highest one with an elevation of 1342 meters above sea level. Together with Wutai Mountain in Shanxi, Emei Mountain in Sichuan and Putuo Mountain in Zhejiang. Jiuhua Mountain is called one of the four great Buddhist mountains in China. In 719 AD, Kim Qiaoque, a Silla prince (today's Qingzhou city in South Korea) came to Jiuhua Mountain and cultivated himself for 75 years. He died at 99 years of age, his corporeal body stayed intact. Because he was very similar in appearance to Dizang Buddhisattva, the monks there believed Dizang Boddhisattva was reincarnated in him, as a result, Jiuhua Mountain became the place to hold rites for Dizang Boddhisatva. During the golden periods of the Ming and Qing dynasties, there were as many as 360 temples and 4,000 to 5,000 monks and nuns. The mountain is not only famous for its Buddhist culture but also noted for its natural landscapes featuring old pines, green bamboo forests, strange rocks, waterfalls, streams and caves.
Mount Jiuhua was originally known as Jiuzi (Nine-Peak) Mountain. But ever since Li Bai, the celebrated poet in the Tang Dynasty wrote of the mountain,
Sailing down the Jiujiang River the other day, I saw the Jiuhua Peaks in the distance. Looking like a heavenly river hanging in heaven, Its green water embroidering cotton rose hibiscuses.
the mountain was renamed Jiuhua Mountain. As a popular pilgrimage destination, it was very famous in the southeastern part of China and became one of the four holy mountains of Buddhism. Since its opening in 1979, Jiuhua Mountain, with its abundant Buddhist culture and uniquely attractive scenery, has enjoyed a high reputation in southeast Asia, South Korea and Japan. It is known as the mountain of Dizang Buddhisattva and for having a large number of whole Buddhist relics. There are 99 peaks in the area, among them Shiwang Peak, Lotus Peak, and others.
Temples.
Some renowned temples located at Mount Jiuhua includes:

</doc>
<doc id="2890432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890432" title="Kinta District">
Kinta District

Kinta () is one of the ten administrative districts of Perak, Malaysia, and it is divided into two major councils:
According to population growth, the District Council ("Majlis Daerah") can be enlarged to Municipal Council ("Majlis Perbandaran") and finally to City Council ("Majlis Bandaraya"). In Malaysia, there are only three cities administered by City Hall, in Kuala Lumpur, Kuching North ("Kuching Utara") and Kota Kinabalu. Other cities in the country are administered by City Council ("Majlis Bandaraya").
Historically, Kinta district was once famous for its tin, being one of the major tin producers in the 18th century.

</doc>
<doc id="2890434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890434" title="Cornelius Cruys">
Cornelius Cruys

Cornelius Cruys () (1655 – 1727) was a Dutch Vice Admiral of the Imperial Russian Navy and the first commander of the Russian Baltic Fleet. He was born in Norway.
Early life and career.
He was born as Niels Olsen (Olufsen) in the city of Stavanger in Norway in 1655 and was half Norwegian and half Dutch. It is uncertain when the Norwegian Niels Olsen (in Dutch `Cornelis Roelofsz') emigrated to the Dutch Republic and changed his name to Cornelis Cruys ("Kornelius Krøys" or "Cornelis Cruijs"). However, according to several municipal sources, Cruys lived in Amsterdam for at least eighteen years before he joined the Russian Navy. 
The first known record about Cruys was produced by the local administration of Amsterdam in 1681. That year he married the nineteen-year-old Catharina Voogt. She was born in Amsterdam and was the daughter of Claas Pieterszoon Voogt, a Dutch captain of a merchantman, and Jannetje Jans. In the civil registration of his marriage, Cruys was called a sailor from Amsterdam, 24 years old, an orphan. In December of that year, about seven months after his marriage, Cruys was officially registered as a citizen or "poorter" of Amsterdam. 
In 1680 Cruys became the captain of a Dutch merchantman. Until 1696 he sailed to Portugal, Spain and the Caribbean. In July 1696 he joined the Dutch Navy. He was appointed "onder-equipagemeester" at the naval dockyard of the Amsterdam Admiralty. In less than two years he would leave Holland for the Russian Navy.
Service in Russia.
In 1697, Russian Tsar Peter the Great travelled incognito with a large Russian delegation - the so-called Grand Embassy. He visited the Netherlands to study the latest inventions, especially in shipbuilding. Thanks to the mediation of Nicolaas Witsen, mayor of Amsterdam and expert on Russia "par excellence", the tsar was given the opportunity to gain practical experience in the largest private shipyard in the world, belonging to the Dutch East India Company in Amsterdam, for a period of four months. The tsar helped with the construction of an Eastindiaman especially laid down for him: Peter and Paul. 
During his stay in the Netherlands the tsar engaged, with the help of Russian and Dutch assistants, many skilled workers such as builders of locks, fortresses, shipwrights and seamen. They had to help him with his modernization of Russia. The best-known sailor who made the journey from the Netherlands to Russia was Cornelis Cruys. Cruys accepted the tsar's generous offer to enter into his service as vice-admiral. He emigrated to Russia in 1698 and became the tsar's most important adviser in maritime affairs. 
Cruys performed well in Russia and came be regarded as the architect of the Russian Navy. After his return to Russia the tsar put his Azov Flotilla under the command of admiral Fyodor Golovin, a Russian nobleman who was the successor of the Swiss Franz Lefort. Golovin was assisted by vice-admiral Cruys and rear-admiral Jan van Rees. Cruys became the first "Russian" mayor of Taganrog 1698-1702. In 1711 he made the first maps of Azov Sea and Don River. He was commander of the Russian Baltic Fleet from 1705 and masterminded the construction of Kronstadt fortress, which was essential in the Great Northern War against Sweden and many years later against the German Kriegsmarine during World War II. Cruys worked for the tsar for more than 25 years and reached the highest Russian naval rank of admiral in 1721. 
He died in Saint Petersburg in 1727, two years after the death of his master Peter the Great.
The historic Kotomin House, erected after Cruys' death, is located in the place where his house once stood.

</doc>
<doc id="2890438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890438" title="Appurtenance">
Appurtenance

Appurtenances is a term for what belongs to and goes with something else, with the appurtenance being less significant than what it belongs to. The word ultimately derives from Latin "appertinere", "to appertain".
In a legal context, an appurtenance could for instance refer to a back-yard that goes with the adjoining house. The idea being expressed is that the back-yard "belongs" to the house, which is the more significant of the two. In 1919, the Supreme Court of Minnesota adopted the following definition of an appurtenance: "That which belongs to something else. Something annexed to another thing more worthy." -- "Cohen v Whitcomb", (1919 142 Minn 20).
In Gestalt theory, appurtenance (or "belongingness") is the relation between two things seen which exert influence on each other. For example, fields of color exert influence on each other. "A field part x is determined in its appearance by its 'appurtenance' to other field parts. The more x belongs to the field part y, the more will its "whiteness" be determined by the gradient xy, and the less it belongs to the part z, the less will its whiteness depend on the gradient xz."
In lexicology, an appurtenance is a modifier that is appended or prepended to another word to coin a new word that expresses "belongingness". In the English language, appurtenances are most commonly found in toponyms and demonyms, for example, 'Israeli', 'Bengali' etc. have an "-i" suffix of appurtenance.

</doc>
<doc id="2890443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890443" title="Antwerp Six">
Antwerp Six

The Antwerp Six refers to a group of influential avant garde fashion designers who graduated from Antwerp's Royal Academy of Fine Arts between 1980-1981. At the Academy they were taught by Linda Loppa. The fashion collective presented a distinct, radical vision for fashion during the 1980s that established Antwerp as a notable location for fashion design. The breakthrough occurred in 1986 as the group rented a truck and set out for the London fashion fair with their collections. Martin Margiela, another Belgian contemporary, was not actually part of the group that showed in London, although he is often mistakenly described as one of the Antwerp Six; he had moved to Paris, where he worked initially for Jean-Paul Gaultier. Linda Loppa is now the dean of the prestigious fashion school Polimoda.

</doc>
<doc id="2890448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890448" title="Casa de Tucumán">
Casa de Tucumán

The Casa de Tucumán (meaning "House of Tucumán" in Spanish, officially Casa Histórica de la Independencia) is a historic building and museum located in San Miguel de Tucumán, Argentina, built during the colonial times. The Congress of Tucumán worked in this house during the Argentine War of Independence, and issued the Argentine Declaration of Independence on July 9, 1816. It was nationalized decades later, and partially demolished for its poor condition. It was declared a National Historic Monument of Argentina in 1941, and reconstructed, with simplified details, ("illustration below") in its original layout.
History.
The city of San Miguel de Tucumán was first founded in Ibatín in 1565. For strategic reasons, it was left and founded again in its current location in 1685. In the Spanish Colonial architecture there was a main plaza surrounded by the most important buildings, and the city was organized in a grid of squares. Each square was divided in four parts, and each one was given to a "vecino". The layout of the city founded in 1685 was the same than in the old city. The location of the Casa de Tucumán was owned by Diego Bazán y Figueroa. The actual house was built in 1760 by Francisca Bazán and Miguel Laguna.
The Argentine War of Independence began in 1810, and the battle of Tucumán was fought in September 24, 1812, outside the city. The Laguna-Bazán family was not living in the house at the time, which was used as a barracks for the troops of the Army of the North. The government established the customs and the Regimental depot in 1815, paying a fee to the owners of the house for it. The Congress of Tucumán, with representatives of most provinces of the United Provinces of the Río de la Plata, began to work in 1816. Family tradition maintained that the Laguna Bazán donated the house to the state for the Congress and that other families and religious orders donated furniture for it, but historian Ramón Leoni Pinto proved in 1974 that the house was rented to the state and that the furniture was built by slaves for the event. The Congress began to work on March 1, 1816, and issued the Argentine Declaration of Independence on July 9. The Congress continued its work up to February 1817, when it was moved to Buenos Aires.
With the Congress gone, the house was still rented by the state, for a printing house. The family returned to it shortly afterwards, and reduced the renting to only the two front rooms. Carmen de Zabalía, granddaughter of Francisca Bazán and Nicolás Laguna, inherited the house in 1839 and began works to restore it. The humid climate of Tucumán and the materials used to build it caused a fast deterioration, and the family did not have the money to properly maintain it. The house was very deteriorated in 1869 when Ángel Paganelli took the first known photo of it. He took a photo of the front door, and another of the internal patio with the "blind Zabalía", the blind daughters of Carmen.
The Argentine National Congress sanctioned a law in 1869 (during the presidency of Domingo Faustino Sarmiento) that authorized the state to nationalize the house and organize the maintenance. The nationalization was a slow process, achieved in 1874 by president Nicolás Avellaneda, native of Tucumán. The office of national engineers was tasked with the maintenance, and kept the "hall of the oath" (the hall of the declaration of independence), demolishing the rest of the building and establishing a new one for the mailing service of the city. President Julio Argentino Roca, native of Tucumán, authorized a project to demolish the outer building and enclose the hall into a structure that would protect it from the climate. The hall was accessed from an atrium with two bas-reliefs at the sides made by Lola Mora, one about the declaration of independence and another about the May Revolution (the event that began the war of independence). The hall became as well the location of annual celebrations of the anniversary of the declaration of independence each July 9, which had been irregularly celebrated since 1817.
The Casa de Tucumán was declared a National Historic Monument of Argentina in 1941. The national representative for Tucumán Ramón Paz Posse sent a bill to the Congress proposing the reconstruction of the House in its original form. The work was made from the photos by Paganelli, the archives of the 1870 administration and the foundations that were still underground. The works began in 1942, and the restored building was open on September 24, 1943 (anniversary of the battle of Tucumán). The new walls were made with bricks instead of adobe, the reeds of the roof were tied with leather, and the doors were not painted at the moment for the lack of documentary evidence of their original color.
President Juan Domingo Perón declared the economic independence of the country in the house on July 9, 1947, after the complete payment of Argentina's external debt. The subversive organization Montoneros invaded the house on February 15, 1971, and painted slogans in the main hall. They overpowered the single policeman who was at the site, and the province reacted sending 2,500 armed policemen to the site.
Events.
The city of San Miguel de Tucumán is appointed capital of city of Argentina for each July 9 since 1992. The annual celebration of the declaration of independence is attended by the president of Argentina, the governor of Tucumán province, their cabinets and special guests.
The Casa de Tucumán is now a museum. A son et lumière show takes place at the House each evening to set the scene for the story of the declaration of independence. The show ends with the national anthem in front of the Argentine flag, flanked on either side by large reliefs of the historic scenes sculpted by Lola Mora.

</doc>
<doc id="2890451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890451" title="List of Picasso artworks 1971–73">
List of Picasso artworks 1971–73

This is a partial list of artworks by Pablo Picasso produced from 1971-1973. Picasso celebrated his ninetieth birthday in 1971, and remained productive until his death two years later.

</doc>
<doc id="2890452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890452" title="The Song of Dermot and the Earl">
The Song of Dermot and the Earl

The Song of Dermot and the Earl () is an anonymous Norman verse chronicle written in the early 13th century. It tells of the arrival of Strongbow in Ireland in 1170 (the "earl" in the title), and of the subsequent arrival of Henry II of England. 
The chronicle survives only in a single manuscript which was re-discovered in the 17th century, London, Lambeth Palace, MS Carew 596. The work bears no title in the manuscript, but has been commonly referred to as "The Song of Dermot and the Earl" since G.H. Orpen in 1892 published a diplomatic edition under this title. It has also been known as The Conquest of Ireland and The Conquest of Ireland by Henry II; in the most recent edition it was called La Geste des Engleis en Yrlande ("The Deeds of the English in Ireland") and The Deeds of the Normans in Ireland.
Lines from The Song of (King) Dermot and the Earl (Strongbow).
This section of the poem has been translated from the Norman-French 
by G.H.C.Orpen (Trinity College, Dublin) from the Carew 596 manuscript and covers lines 3129 - 3161 (ref Skryne and the Early Normans by Elizabeth Hickey.1994. p. 31).

</doc>
<doc id="2890454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890454" title="Isadore Twersky">
Isadore Twersky

Isadore Twersky (Yitzchak (Isaac) Asher Twersky) (1930 – October 12, 1997) was an Orthodox rabbi and the "Nathan Littauer Professor of Hebrew Literature and Philosophy" at Harvard University, a chair previously held by Harry Austryn Wolfson. Twersky was an internationally recognized authority on Rabbinic literature and Jewish philosophy. He was especially known as an expert in the writings and influence of the 12th-century Jewish legalist and philosopher Maimonides. His best-known works are, "An Introduction to the Code of Maimonides (Mishneh Torah)", and the more popular anthology, "A Maimonides Reader." He was the editor of the "Harvard Studies in Medieval Jewish History and Literature" (in three volumes), won a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1989, and was a fellow of both the American Academy for Jewish Research and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. According to , Twersky can best be characterized as a "historian of ideas and a researcher of the intellectual history of the Jews," and would presumably have considered himself as such.
Biography.
Twersky was born in Boston in 1930, and attended Boston Latin School and Hebrew College, which was then known as "Hebrew Teachers' College". His Torah knowledge was largely acquired through diligent private study rather than formal yeshiva instruction . He graduated from Harvard in 1952, where he majored in history. In 1949, he was one of the first students to spend a year abroad at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, where he developed relationships with such scholarly and literary giants as Gershom Scholem, Yitzhak Baer, Haim Hillel Ben-Sasson and Nobel Prize winner S. Y. Agnon.
Upon his graduation from Harvard he began studies toward a doctorate in Near Eastern Languages and Civilizations, under the guidance of the scholar of medieval philosophy, Harry Austryn Wolfson. His doctorate was on the twelfth century Provençal Talmudist, Rabbi Abraham ben David of Posquières (Rabad), which, when subsequently published under the title "Rabad of Posquières: A Twelfth-Century Talmudist", was one of the first academic portraits of a Talmudist written at an American university .
A scion of the Hasidic dynasty of Chernobyl, Twersky succeeded his father as the Talner Rebbe of Boston for the last twenty years of his life. He was a son-in-law of Rabbi Dr. Joseph B. Soloveitchik. His elder son, Rabbi Mosheh Twersky, is a lecturer at Yeshivas Toras Moshe in Jerusalem. His other son, Rabbi Mayer Twersky, holds the Leib Merkin Distinguished Professorial Chair in Talmud and Jewish Philosophy and is a rosh yeshiva at Yeshiva University. His daughter Tzipporah Rosenblatt is a lawyer. She is married to Rabbi Dr. Jonathan Rosenblatt, who serves as the rabbi of the Riverdale Jewish Center in New York City.
Teaching and research.
Twersky was a pioneer in the introduction of the methodology of the History of ideas, first developed by Arthur O. Lovejoy, into Jewish Intellectual history. He also devoted special emphasis upon the interaction between law and spirituality in the History of Judaism. He founded the Center for Jewish Studies in 1978 and served as its director until 1993.
His research in some respects resembled that of his contemporary and friend Alexander Altmann , and his work on Jewish rationalist philosophy brought him into conflict with scholars such as Gershom Scholem and Shlomo Pines, who viewed the medieval rational philosophy typified by Rambam as an alien parasite grafted onto traditional Judaism . There has been noted a certain irony in the affection given to this greatest of Jewish rationalists by the descendant of an illustrious Hasidic dynasty (it being the case by and large that Hasidic doctrine has stronger affinity for the mystical over the rational), but sees here a coherent and unified search for the "spiritual" within the "rational".
At Harvard, Twersky taught both undergraduate and graduate students. His popular course, "Moderation and Extremism," which compared and contrasted the paths to virtue in the works of Aristotle, Maimonides, and Thomas Aquinas, drew over 200 students in 1995, the final year it was taught. Over the course of his thirty years at Harvard, he taught a large number of graduate students. His exacting standards and expectations were legendary. Nevertheless, over thirty individuals completed their doctorates under his guidance. Many of these play leading roles in Jewish studies, both in North America and in Israel. Among these are Morris (Moshe B.) Berger, Edward Breuer (Hebrew University), Bernard Dov Cooperman (University of Maryland), Joseph M. Davis (Gratz College), Lois Dubin (Smith College), Talya Fishman (University of Pennsylvania), Daniel Frank (Ohio State University), Steven Harvey (Bar Ilan University), Carmi Horowitz (Lander Institute, Jerusalem), Eric Lawee (York University), Diana Lobel (Boston University), David Malkiel (Bar Ilan University), Allan Nadler (Drew University), Ira Robinson (Concordia University), Marc Saperstein (Leo Baeck College, London), Mark Sendor, Bernard Septimus (Harvard University), Marc Shapiro (University of Scranton), Michael Shmidman (Touro College), David Sklare (Machon Ben Zvi), Gregg Stern, Adena Tannenbaum (Ohio State University), Joshua Levisohn, and Jeffrey R. Woolf (Bar Ilan University).

</doc>
<doc id="2890456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890456" title="Planning Aid">
Planning Aid

Planning Aid provides free urban and environmental planning advice to individuals and community groups who cannot afford to pay a professional consultant, via a number of charitable organisations throughout the UK. A similar scheme, Community Technical Aid, operates in part of Ireland.
In the UK.
Planning Aid began in the early 1970s when the London Planning Aid Service (LPAS) launched. Planning Aid organisations in other parts of the UK developed throughout the 1970s, 80s and 90s. A number of these are still independent - notably Planning Aid for Scotland, Planning Aid London and Planning Aid Wales. Others are run by the Royal Town Planning Institute (often abbreviated to the RTPI), the professional body for town and country planning in the UK. 
Since 2004, the UK government has supported and expanded the Planning Aid service in England. This has had the effect of extending the Planning Aid service to many more areas of the country, and in part a recognition to many communities that find it hard to engage with the planning system, and that community involvement at the right time can help to deliver more successful policies and projects. 
Planning Aid England services are organised through the RTPI (with the exception of Planning Aid London, which is independently managed). More information on Planning Aid England services can be found on Planning Aid's website.
In Ireland.
In the Republic of Ireland, a commitment to introducing Planning Aid is contained in the 2007 Fianna Fáil / Greens Agreed Programme for Government. Despite this, the appointment of Dr Peter Clinch, a senior academic planner, as Special Adviser to the Taoiseach, and the appointment of a Minister of State with responsibility for planning ( Ciarán Cuffe T.D. of the Greens, himself a former lecturer in planning) there has been no progress to date (May 2010) re the implementation of a Planning Aid scheme.
A geographically very limited planning aid service has been provided since 1995 by Community Technical Aid, an NGO based in the north inner city area of Dublin.

</doc>
<doc id="2890465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890465" title="Dark Engine">
Dark Engine

The Dark Engine is the computer game engine used for the Looking Glass Studios games ' (1998), ' (2000), and the Looking Glass/Irrational Games title "System Shock 2" (1999).
Features.
The Dark Engine's renderer, originally created by Sean Barrett in 1995, supports graphics similar to that of the original "Quake", with "Unreal"-like skybox effects and colored lighting introduced in "Thief II". Due to the limited hardware of the time, the Dark Engine was not designed with scalability in mind, and can therefore only display 1024 terrain polygons onscreen at once, as well as various other limits on objects and lights. In terms of textures, the game supports palletized PCX and TGA textures, in powers of two up to 256x256. Textures are grouped in "families" which share the same palette. There is a maximum of 216 textures and independent palettes, excluding 8 animated water textures.
The engine does not natively support advanced game scripting, with AI and object behavior being controlled by "Object Script Module" (.OSM) files, which are DLLs that are loaded at runtime. As such, new modules can be written and plugged into the level editor, DromEd, but are limited due to the scope of the functions made available by the core engine. In order to overcome this, editors must resort to complicated Rube Goldberg machine-like effects using a combination of its other systems.
For its time, the Dark Engine offered advanced AI and sound features, as well as a powerful object-oriented object system.
The designer has full control of sound propagation within the level, and the "artificial intelligence" of the non-player characters (NPCs) allows for three levels of awareness: vague acknowledgement caused by mild visual or auditive disturbances, which only prompts a startled bit of dialogue; definite acknowledgement caused by significant visual or auditive disturbances, which causes the NPC to enter "search mode", and definite acquisition (triggered by visual on the fully lit player, or face-first contact with a player regardless of the light level), prompting a direct attack.
Source code.
In 2009, a complete copy of the Dark Engine source code was discovered in the possession of an ex-Looking Glass Studios employee who was at the time continuing his work for Eidos Interactive. The code was a complete set of the engine's resources, and included the libraries needed to compile the code. Fans of the Thief and System Shock series subsequently petitioned the publisher to consider releasing the code. The ramifications of releasing this set of code is currently being reviewed by lawyers at the company.
In late April 2010, a user on the "Dreamcast Talk" forum disassembled the contents of a Dreamcast development kit he had purchased. The contents of the kit included, among other things, items pertaining to ports of "Thief 2" and "System Shock 2" to that system. By December 2010, it had been discovered by the user and subsequently the greater Looking Glass Studios fan community that a compact disk included with the kit - the contents of which had been uploaded to the Internet - included a second copy of the Dark Engine source, minus the libraries needed to compile the code.
In September 2012, a significant update to the Dark Engine was published anonymously in a French forum, most probably based on the leaked Dreamcast source code. This unofficial patch extended the limits of the engine, introduced support for recent graphics and sound hardware, as well as better support for newer versions of Windows.
DromEd.
"DromEd" is the level editor for the Dark Engine. It was originally used in the design of "Thief: The Dark Project", but after a petition from the fan community it was released to the public, as were later versions.
There are four different versions of DromEd: for "Thief: The Dark Project", for "Thief Gold", for "Thief II", and lastly for "System Shock 2", commonly called "ShockEd." DromEd for "Thief: The Dark Project" and "Thief Gold" use the same version of the Dark Engine and therefore can open levels created for each game, although "Thief Gold" levels may refer to in-game objects that are not found in "Thief". "Thief II" uses a revised version of the Dark Engine, and therefore it is difficult to open levels created for "Thief" with DromEd for "Thief II". ShockEd is not compatible with any Dark Engine games aside from "System Shock 2". However, basic level geometry can be moved between editors using a geometry export feature called "multibrush". "System Shock 2" levels can be loaded by DromEd 2 with some work.
The name of the level editor, "DromEd", is a reference to the original project it was designed for — a game based on the Arthurian legend of Camelot — the "Camel" becoming "Dromedary" and thence "Dromed". "DromEd" has been used by fans to create thousands of fan missions for "Thief" and "Thief II", and several missions for "System Shock 2".

</doc>
<doc id="2890475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890475" title="Blaengwynfi">
Blaengwynfi

Blaengwynfi is a village in the Neath Port Talbot area of South Wales.
It is a part of the "Upper Afan Valleys". It used to be a coal mining village, and is directly below the village of "Abergwynfi". The River Afan flows from its source at the top of the nearby mountain through Aber/Blaengwynfi.
Blaengwynfi is also the home to local football team Gwynfi United.

</doc>
<doc id="2890477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890477" title="David Collier (sports administrator)">
David Collier (sports administrator)

David Gordon Collier BSc (born 22 April 1955) is an English cricket administrator and businessman.
David Collier was educated at Loughborough Grammar School and Loughborough University, where he read Sports Science and Recreational Management.
He became the second chief executive of the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) when he was appointed in October 2004, succeeding Tim Lamb. He has a business background having spent ten years working in the travel and leisure industry, including posts such as marketing manager of Sema Group plc, a Cheshire-based computer systems company (1986–1988), senior vice-president of American Airlines (1988–1992) and managing director of Servisair plc (1992–1993).
Collier gained considerable cricket administration experience with four counties - as assistant secretary of Essex (1980–1983) and as chief executive of Gloucestershire (1983–1986), Leicestershire (1993–1999) and Nottinghamshire (1999–2004), before his ECB appointment.
He was roundly criticized in some sections of the British media for his role in the sale of television rights to Rupert Murdoch's Sky TV. Proponents of the move, including Collier himself, have pointed out that cricket desperately needs the investment which only comes from such rights sales. He also insisted that he wanted to see a "thriving television market", hitting back at claims that Sky's audience for live cricket averaged 200,000 viewers, compared with Channel 4's peak audience of nine million.
Collier has been an international hockey umpire since 1985, and in 2002 played an important part in organising a rescue package which bailed out England Hockey.
He married Jennifer Pendleton in 1980. They have one daughter and two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="2890478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890478" title="Hilir Perak">
Hilir Perak

Hilir Perak (literally meaning Lower Perak in English, 下霹雳县 in Chinese) is an administrative district of Perak, Malaysia. The district is governed by Majlis Perbandaran Teluk Intan or Teluk Intan Municipal Council which is based in the town of Teluk Intan. The District council was known as Majlis Daerah Hilir Perak or Hilir Perak District Council until 4 April 2004, when it was upgraded to Municipality status. Teluk Intan town is the district's principal urban center while smaller towns include Langkap town, Hutan Melintang town, and Bagan Datoh town. 
Teluk Intan town is developing as a well-planned administrative town, housing government buildings such as the Municipal Council Office and others. The town also has few shopping malls and a modern cinema.
Langkap town housing a Depoh Imigresen Langkap, a contemporary jail for illegal immigration around Perak state. 
Hutan Melintang town is a developed place and it has a 2-storey supermarket located in this town. Jenderata, an estate owned by the United Plantations Berhad, is also located nearby.
Geography.
Hilir Perak is a relatively flat plain compared to Ipoh, the state's capital. With the Perak River flowing through the district, it is a fertile area suitable for agricultural activities.
Population.
The population in Hilir Perak is estimated to be around 230,000. The biggest town in Hilir Perak is Teluk Intan. Other important townships in Hilir Perak include Langkap, Bagan Datoh, and Hutan Melintang.
Education.
There are a lot of schools that located in this district. The famous daily school are SMK Seri Perak, SMK Horley Methodist, SMK Convent, SMK Sultan Abdul Aziz and SMK St. Anthony. For boarding school, there are two boarding schools in this district : Sekolah Menengah Sains Teluk Intan and Sekolah Menengah Sains Bagan Datoh and one technical school, Sekolah Menengah Teknik Teluk Intan.
There are 2 public university branch campuses located in this district. The campuses are UiTM Teluk Intan Campus[http://medicine.uitm.edu.my/teluk-intan-branch-campus-faculty-of-medicine.html] of Faculty of Medicine completed in October 2010 and UKM Teluk Intan Campus of Faculty of Medicine (currently under construction) . Both are located beside Hospital Teluk Intan.
Kolej Komuniti Teluk Intan are located in Teluk Intan town. There was a proposal for construction a new campus of UiTM in Bagan Datoh.
Economic activities.
Agriculture and fishing are two main economic activities in Hilir Perak. Almost two third of Hilir Perak's agricultural land is planted with oil palms, while the one third goes to vegetables, paddy, coconuts etc. The biggest fishing town in Hilir Perak is Hutan Melintang, which has about 400 fishing ships of various sizes. Hutan Melintang fishermen sell their catches throughout the country. The vibrant agriculture and fishing industry in Hilir Perak had attracted many foreign workers into Hilir Perak. The fishing industry employs more Thais while Indonesians are largely employed in the agricultural sector.
There is also a light industrial area in Teluk Intan and Langkap which provides many work opportunities to the locals.
Shopping.
There are some major shopping centers in Hilir Perak district. They include:

</doc>
<doc id="2890484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890484" title="Apteral">
Apteral

Apteral (from the Greek απτερος, "wingless": α-, "without" + πτερον, "wing") is an architectural term applied to amphiprostyle temples which have no columns on the sides. In the temple Athena Nike known as "Nike Apteros", the adjective is used, not as applying to the goddess of victory but to the absence of any peristyle on the sides.

</doc>
<doc id="2890485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890485" title="Burton, Neston, Cheshire">
Burton, Neston, Cheshire

"For the Burton near Tarporley in Cheshire, see Burton, Gowy"
Burton is a village on the Wirral Peninsula, in the unitary authority of Cheshire West and Chester and the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England. It constituted part of the Burton and Ness Ward of the Borough of Ellesmere Port and Neston, with the ward having a total population of 1,620 in the 2001 Census. It is now in Ledsham and Willaston Ward.
History.
The population was recorded at 288 in 1801, 291 in 1851, 222 in 1901 and 667 in 1951.
The Cheshire and Chester Record Office has records of baptisms, marriages and burials at the parish church, St Nicholas', dating from 1538.
Ancient.
Burton was first documented in the "Domesday Book" and historically was on the route which travellers would take from London to Birkenhead. Owing to its location on trade routes, it is thought to have developed at a faster rate than neighbouring communities. Indeed, during the fourteenth century trade and travel allowed Burton to flourish, standing as it did near the site of embarcation for the ferry to North Wales and on the main route to the city of Chester. However, the build up of silt in the River Dee led to a decrease in shipping trade, and Burton's prosperity took a downturn when the river course was diverted in the eighteenth century.
Modern.
In recent years Burton has become a quiet 'picture postcard' village much sought after on the property market. In 2001 the village of Burton was ranked eighth overall in a UK market research survey of so-called 'super rich' communities by Philip Beresford of the "Sunday Times Rich List", with millionaires making up 16% of the population in its postal district.
The village is the location of Burton Manor, formerly a residential adult education college operated by Liverpool City Council. Just to the south of Burton is the RSPB's Burton Mere Wetlands reserve.
Famous people.
Burton is the birthplace of Bishop Thomas Wilson (1663–1755), Bishop of Sodor and Man. The popular BBC radio broadcaster John Peel grew up in the village, having been born in Heswall.

</doc>
<doc id="2890489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890489" title="Manjung">
Manjung

Manjung (previous official name: Dinding) is a district in the southwestern part of the state of Perak, Malaysia. The district is well known for its Pangkor Island, a major attraction in Perak and the home of the Royal Malaysian Navy (TLDM) Lumut Naval Base and dockyard. Since the population is increasing, residential and commercial infrastructure is being developed. Dinding was once part of the British Straits Settlements colony.
Bandar Seri Manjung is the district's principal urban center while smaller towns include Lumut town, Sitiawan town, Ayer Tawar, Pantai Remis and Beruas. Other areas of some importance are Acheh Industrial Estates, Desa Manjung Raya, Manjung Point, Damai Laut Country Resort and Lumut Port.
Seri Manjung town is developing as a well-planned administrative town, housing government buildings such as the Municipal Council Office, National Registration Office, Department Of Public Works Office and Immigration Office. The town also has a sports centre and shopping malls. The district is located between Sitiawan and Lumut.
History.
Prior to 1973 the district was officially called Dinding. It used to be part of the Straits Settlements then under the administration of Penang. Dindings district became part of the Pangkor Engagement (also commonly known as the Pangkor Treaty), signed by Britain and the British appointed Sultan of Perak, Sultan Abdullah, in January 1874. This agreement was signed to stop bloodshed resulting from two major events, the struggle for the throne between relatives of Perak royalty upon the death of Sultan Ali and clan wars between Ghee Hin and Hai San to grab tin mining areas in Late Colonial Taiping. 
The agreement required the Sultan of Perak surrender Dindings to the British, to accept a British Resident, Sir JWW Birch, and the appointment of Assistant Resident in Taiping, Captain Speedy. Sultan Ismail was to step down from the throne of Perak. 
During the British colonial era, Colonial Dindings comprised three main areas: Sitiawan Town, City Lumut and Pangkor only. However in 1937, after nearly 10 years under British control, the Sultan of Perak, Sultan Iskandar Alang appealed to the British colony to return Dindings because of a land shortage. The Perak Government united colonies with Bruas and coastal areas to the south. In 1973, Dindings district was given the current name Manjung.
Demographics.
According to "Laporan Taburan Penduduk dan Ciri Asas Demografi, Julai 2000, Jabatan Perangkaan Malaysia", Manjung District has a population of 198,576 and according to the natural needs in "Kajian Rancangan Struktur Negeri Perak 2002–2020", the total population of Manjung is about 199,809. Manjung District has the second highest Average Annual Growth Rate after Kinta, which records a 2.0% growth rate.
Manjung's land is devoted largely to agriculture, with an agricultural area of 833.75 square kilometres or about 71.20% of Manjung District. Forest reserves account for another 168.81 km2 (14.42%), while residential area is about 29.32 km2 (2.50%), and swampy area is 68.57 km2.
Manjung District has plenty of land for development purposes in the future with small barrier (1/10) due to its large landbank of agricultural land, mining areas and uncultivated lands.
On 24 April 2009, Lumut was officially declared by the Sultan Perak as The Royal Malaysian Navy's Town - or simply called as TLDM Town or Navy Town. Manjung also was declared as "Bandar Pelancongan Dan Maritim" (Tourism and Maritime Town) by government of Perak.
Education.
Manjung also has numerous schools along with its rapid population growth.
Transport.
There are two federal highways linking Lumut with Ipoh and Lumut to Teluk Intan and Kuala Lumpur. From Ipoh the journey takes about one hour while the journey from Kuala Lumpur takes about three hours if you take the federal highway from Kuala Lumpur to Teluk Intan and further on to Lumut. From Butterworth, which is situated to the north, you can use the road to Pantai Remis or Beruas and the journey will take about 2½ hours.
In Malaysia Budget 2014, Federal government already approved the construction of West Coast Expressway project to begin, and the exit interchange will be plan in Lekir, Sitiawan and Ayer Tawar. The project estimated to complete in five years.
Most express buses are based in Medan Gopeng (Ipoh), Pudu Raya (Kuala Lumpur) and Pengkalan Sultan Abdul Halim (Butterworth). The taxi journey from Ipoh to Lumut takes about an hour. "Pelangi Air" and "Berjaya Air" offers two weekly flights from Kuala Lumpur and Penang.
Manjung also now have new bus services known as "Bas Rakyat 1 Malaysia" launched by Perak Menteri Besar, Datuk Seri Dr Zambry Abd Kadir. The 1Malaysia People's Bus Service, which is a RM4.3 million smart partnership between the state government and Syarikat Bas GBP Corporation Sdn Bhd, is aimed at resolving the transport dilemma of those who do not own a vehicle. Meanwhile, the blue bus which carries a promotional message, 'Bandar Pelancongan dan Maritim' (Tourism and Maritime Town) will cover Pantai Remis, Segari, Changkat Kruing, Simpang Empat Sitiawan, Lekir, Beruas, Lumut and Pasir Panjang.
Healthcare.
The main healthcare centres in Manjung are:
Economy.
The major sectors of economy in Manjung District are agriculture, services and manufacturing. Agriculture is still the main economic sector, providing the majority of the population's employment. Manjung District is well known for its livestock, especially chicken. Sea fishing and fish/prawn farming are the most important economic activities of some communities. At least 5,000 residents are fishermen. Farming of fresh-water fish and prawns are being carried out thoroughly in the district. There are more than 300 ponds of prawns in operation. The most popular prawn farming area is along Dinding River.
Manjung District is the second most rapid growing district in Perak for the commercial sector with developmental units of 5,947 or 13.32%. Most of the businesses and industries located along the road linking Sitiawan, Seri Manjung, Lumut and Ayer Tawar. There also industrial and commercial activities in other small towns such as Beruas, Pantai Remis, Pekan Gurney, Lekir and Changkat Kruing.
Business activities in Manjung include wholesale, groceries and services. There are also informal activities such as settled hawkers (1,029 which cover 11.00%) and itinerant hawkers (1,092 which cover 11.00%) in Manjung district.
Of all the business activities here, services contributes about 72.30% of all the commercial activities. Groceries sector is the second largest commercial activity, covering 24.40% (1,449 unit) while wholesale activities cover the remaining portion of the pie with about 3.40%.
Major companies in various industries currently as follows:
Tourism.
Pangkor.
Pangkor Island, is one of the most famous and well known islands in Malaysia. It is located approximately 90 km southwest of Ipoh. Pangkor Island is a holiday resort. The main tourist drawer to Pangkor Island, therefore, are beaches on the western coastline, such as Pantai Puteri Dewi, Pasir Bogak Beach, Teluk Belanga, Teluk Segadas, Teluk Nipah, and Teluk Cempedak.
The main island of Pangkor is mainly populated by fisherfolk who occupy the eastern coastline. The island is famous for its anchovies and squids.
There are also ruins of a 330-year-old Dutch fort which was one of the Dutch strongholds against pirates and local Malays. Another historical interest on Pangkor Island is the Pangkor Stone Tablet ("Batu Bersurat Pangkor" in Malay) which is near the Dutch fort.
Pangkor Laut Island, a small privately owned island to the southwest of the main island, is the second largest of the nine islands that make up the Pangkor archipelago. Pangkor Laut is known for its white beaches and crystal clear waters. It has three main beaches, namely Emerald Bay, Coral Beach and Royal Bay.
Accommodation
Coral Bay Resort, Pangkor
Nipah Bay Villa --- http://www.nipahbay.com
Marina Island Pangkor.
Marina Island Pangkor is the first man-made island in Malaysia, built on the coast of Teluk Muruh, opposite Pangkor Island and Pangkor Laut Resort, in the state of Perak, Malaysia. The island reclamation project is developed by Marina Sanctuary Resort Sdn. Bhd. totaling an area of 316.9 acres located 400 meters from the mainland's shoreline. Marina Island Pangkor took five years of methodical planning and exhaustive feasibility studies to ensure that the making of the island would not disrupt the environment.
Marina Island Pangkor is also a Gateway to Pangkor Island with the establishment of a domestic jetty terminal in the island. The journey to Pangkor Island takes only 10 minutes from the Marina Island Jetty.
Beaches.
Besides Pangkor Island, there are other beaches in Manjung which are popular among locals and tourists. Teluk Batik Beach is a favourite spot for campers, picnickers, swimmers and sun-lovers alike. Those who prefer privacy would love the tranquil Teluk Rubiah, a beach surrounded by verdant hills and accessible by only a single entrance. Other beaches are Pasir Panjang Beach, the longest beach in Manjung and Teluk Senangin, a beautiful although remote beach just opposite Pangkor.
A picture
Other places of interest.
Lumut Fishing Village is the departure point from the mainland for those who want to visit Pangkor Island.
The Terrapin Breeding Centre is a breeding centre for terrapins (or Batagur baska) as well as information centre for wildlife enthusiasts.
Beruas Museum is popular for its archaeological displays of the ancient Hindu civilisation of Gangga Negara.
Golf courses.
A few popular golf courses in Manjung are Damai Laut Golf and Country Club, Royal Teluk Rubiah Country Club and Samudera Golf Resort.
Shopping.
Shopping centers and hypermarkets serve the needs of Manjung residents as well as tourists. They include:
Entertainment.
Most of the entertainment centre in Manjung based population where appropriate entertainment with family and local culture.
Bowling Center
Cinema
Stadium
Accommodation.
There are many accommodation options in the major towns and tourist destinations in Manjung. They range from 5-star resorts to chalets in different environments, catering to different price ranges.
Accommodation options in Lumut include the Orient Star Resort Lumut, Hotel DJ Place, Swiss-Garden Resort and Spa Damai Laut, Marina Cove Resort, Blue Bay Resort, Lumut Country Resort, Chalet Impian, D'Puncak Villa, Galaxy Inn, Harbour View Hotel, Impian Teluk Batik, Kenangan Chalet, Lumut Villa Inn, Manjung Permai Hotel, Swiss-Court Holiday Apartments Damai Laut and Teluk Batik Chalet.
Manjung town has Lead View Hotel and Lee Garden Hotel while Sitiawan offers a few hotels such as Fajar Hotel, Hotel Crystal, Hotel Flamingo, Mahsuri Hotel, Mandarin Hotel, Mirama Hotel, Palace Hotel, Queen Hotel, Sitiawan Hotel, Vilton Hotel, Hotel Bei King and Yaohan Hotel.
Because of its popularity, Pangkor Archipelago has the most accommodation options, especially seaside resorts. They include Pangkor Laut Resort, Anjungan Beach Resort and Spa,Pangkor Island Beach Resort, Pangkor Holiday Resort, Pangkor Coral Bay Resort, Pangkor Bayview Beach Resort, Puteri Bayu Beach Resort, Seaview Hotel and Holiday Resort, Palma Resort, Teluk Dalam Resort, Pangkor Height Villa, Beach Huts Hotel, Coral Beach Camp, Coral View Beach Resort, D' Lambaian Resort, Flora Beach Resort, Havana Beach Resort, Horizon Inn, Hornbill Resort, Lambaian Beach Resort,Mizam Country Club and Resort, Nipah Bay, Villa Nipah Mas, Pangkor Indah Beach Resort, Pangkor Paradise Village and Seagull Beach Resort.
http://www.percutianpangkor.com

</doc>
<doc id="2890498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890498" title="Batang Padang">
Batang Padang

Batang Padang is an administrative district in Perak, Malaysia. This district is administered by two local councils, namely, the Tapah District Council, based in Tapah, and Tanjung Malim District Council, based in Tanjung Malim.
The major towns of Batang Padang are Bidor, Tapah and Tanjung Malim.
In August 2007 the Perak Government announced the discovery of large water aquifers the size of Singapore at Batang Padang. They plan to sell the water to neighbouring Selangor to help solve future water shortage problems in that state. Selangor is the most populated state in Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="2890508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890508" title="Sipura">
Sipura

Sipura, or Sipora located off Sumatra in Indonesia, is the smallest and most developed of the four Mentawai Islands at only 845 km². The regency capital of the Mentawai Islands, Tua Pejat, is found on Sipora. An estimated 10-15% of the original rainforest remains on this island.
Sipora is a surfing destination. Surf spots Hollow Trees and Lance's Left break off the southern end of the island. Surf spots break in the northwestern region of this island including Telescopes, Iceland, and Scarecrows. The ocean swells are most consistent from April to October, but Sipora is a viable year-round surfing destination. Wind conditions can vary by the hour, and are often calm and glassy. For accommodation near Sipura, most surfers stay on yachts that can be chartered in Padang and motor between surf breaks as conditions change. Some visiting surfers choose to stay on the island itself at resorts or with local families in Tua Pajet.
The islands North Pagai ("Pagai Utara") and South Pagai ("Pagai Selatan") are situated to the south, and also have surf breaks along their western coasts.
Surf breaks.
Northern:
Western:
Southern:
See also.
Islands of Indonesia

</doc>
<doc id="2890510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890510" title="Phiroze Jamshedji Jeejeebhoy">
Phiroze Jamshedji Jeejeebhoy

Sir Phiroze Jamshedji Jeejeebhoy (1915–1980) was the Chairman of the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) from 1966, until his death in 1980. The Bombay Stock Exchange is the largest of its kind in India, and one of the busiest in the world.
Jeejeebhoy was one of the longest-serving members of the BSE, and significantly impacted the course of its development. The building the Exchange is currently housed in is located at Dalal Street in downtown Mumbai, and bears his name - Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers.

</doc>
<doc id="2890512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890512" title="Queen River">
Queen River

The Queen River is a river that flows through Queenstown Tasmania, to the west of the West Coast Range in particular Mount Lyell and Mount Owen.
For over 80 years the main carrier of Mount Lyell Mining and Railway Company mining residue, and the local sewage. It is estimated that 100 million tonnes of tailings were disposed of into the Queen River. This in turn flowed into the lower part of the King River, and then into a delta at the mouth of the river where it met Macquarie Harbour.
Following the Mount Lyell Remediation and Research and Demonstration Program construction of tailings dams, and general reduction of waste into this river, it is now rusty in colour rather than silvery grey as it was previously.
It passes under and adjacent to the revitalised railway now known as the West Coast Wilderness Railway
South of Queenstown on the edge of the river is the early settlement of Lynchford where a gold mine and other mining activity supported a small community in the early days of the railway.

</doc>
<doc id="2890514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890514" title="Savane">
Savane

Savane may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2890520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890520" title="Glück">
Glück

Glück (transliterated Glueck) () is the surname of:
Gluck may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2890521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890521" title="Phil Flynn">
Phil Flynn

Philip "Phil" Flynn (b. 1940, Dundalk, Ireland) is an Irish businessman. He was previously a vice-president of Sinn Féin, a trade unionist, an industrial relations consultant, a government advisor and a financier. He was the eldest of five children of a nationalist mother and Fine Gael father.
He joined Sinn Féin at the age of 14 and lent support to some of those involved in the IRA Border campaign of the 1950s. He was taken in for police questioning on a number of occasions owing to his political activities. In 1974, he was tried with IRA membership, but acquitted, by the Special Criminal Court. During the trial, the state alleged that he was IRA Director of Finance. In Liverpool, he was arrested and held for three days under the Prevention of Terrorism Act. In 1975, he came to public prominence when he acted as a mediator in the Tiede Herrema kidnap siege.
In 1984, he was elected general secretary of the Local Government and Public Services Union. His election caused problems for the Fine Gael-Labour administration as Flynn was also vice-president of Sinn Féin and as such, government officials and ministers refused to talk to him. Shortly after, he was elected to the executive of the Irish Congress of Trade Unions (ICTU). In the same year, he stepped down as Sinn Féin vice-president, telling the party's Ard fheis that his experience and support would always be available to the movement. 
In 1987, he was reported to have resigned from Sinn Féin. From 1993 to 1995, he was president of ICTU, representing the Irish Municipal Public and Civil Trade Union. In 1996, he was appointed chairman of the Industrial Credit Corporation (ICC) by Ruairi Quinn. ICC was subsequently acquired by the Bank of Scotland in 2001.
In February 2005, Flynn's office was raided by officers of the Criminal Assets Bureau (CAB) as part of an investigation into alleged IRA money-laundering. Flynn was a non-executive directors Chesterton Finance Company Ltd, a company at the centre of the CAB investigation. As a result, he resigned as chairman of the Irish Government committee on decentralisation, as non-executive chairman of Bank of Scotland (Ireland) and as director of the VHI. During the search of his officers, Flynn was found to be the illegal possession of a pen gun and mini tear gas canisters. At related court hearing In December 2005, he admitted to possession and agreed to pay €5,000 to a charity.
Ted Cunningham, the Cork based financial adviser convicted of laundering £3 million of the sum stolen by the IRA in the 2004 Northern Bank robbery stated "Phil Flynn is the boss behind everything" in a garda interview about the robbery introduced in evidence in Cunningham's trial.

</doc>
<doc id="2890524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890524" title="Genius &amp; Friends">
Genius &amp; Friends

Genius & Friends is a 2005 studio album by rhythm and blues musician Ray Charles, consisting of previously unreleased duets between Charles and musicians recorded during 1997 to 2005. The contributing artists were personally chosen by Charles.

</doc>
<doc id="2890530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890530" title="Worth Abbey">
Worth Abbey

The Abbey of Our Lady, Help of Christians, commonly known as Worth Abbey, is a community of Roman Catholic monks who follow the Rule of St Benedict near Turners Hill village, in West Sussex, England.
Like all Benedictine monks, the monks of Worth Abbey place the public prayer of the Church (the "opus dei" or "work of God") at the centre of their lives. In common with other monasteries of the English Benedictine Congregation their tradition also places stress on daily periods of individual prayer and lectio divina (the prayerful reading of scripture). Through writing, preaching and hospitality they make this tradition available to others.
Through the "Open Cloister", which incorporates a daily and residential retreat programme, Worth Abbey is host to over 2000 visitors a year. There is also an extensive schedule of residential conferences at the Abbey throughout the year. The community administers a charity, "Outreach Peru", which supports a range of health and social welfare projects in Lima and other parts of Peru. Several of the monks serve as chaplains in Worth School, in the local parish around Turner's Hill, and in the Tinsley House immigration detention centre. "Compass", a project for young people who are considering a religious vocation, is based at Worth and run by the monks in co-operation with other Catholic religious groups.
There is a "Quiet Garden" in the grounds of the Abbey, which, like the Abbey Church, is open to the public.
"The Lay Community of St Benedict", a lay Benedictine movement, was founded at Worth Abbey and maintains close links with the monastic community.
History.
Worth Abbey is a daughter house of St Gregory's Abbey, at Downside, in Somerset. Worth Priory was founded in September 1933 by Abbot John Chapman, a convert from the Church of England, who established a community of 17 monks in the property formerly known as Paddockhurst, near Turners Hill village. The conditions of sale of the property laid down that the name Paddockhurst should not be used by the new owners. Because the Priory lay within the boundaries of Worth parish, the name Worth was chosen for the site. The first prior of Worth, Dom Anselm Rutherford, chose Our Lady, Help of Christians, as the patron of the new monastery.
Abbot Christopher Butler of Downside decided that its two dependent Priories, Ealing and Worth, should each rapidly became independent houses: St Benedict's, Ealing, in 1946 and Our Lady, Help of Christians, Worth, in 1957.
The first Prior of the independent Worth Priory in 1957 was Dom Victor Farwell. He was elected the first Abbot in 1965, when the Priory was raised to the status of an Abbey. He remained its superior until 1988. Thus he was responsible for guiding the Worth community before, during and after the period of the Second Vatican Council. His successor, Dom Dominic Gaisford, was Abbot until his untimely death in 1994. The third Abbot of Worth, Dom Stephen Ortiger, served the community from 1994 to 2002. The fourth Abbot, Dom Christopher Jamison served from 2002 to 2010. The fifth Abbot, Dom Kevin Taggart, was elected in 2010, retiring in 2013. In August 2013, the community elected Dom Luke Jolly, the first former pupil of Worth School to become abbot, as the sixth Abbot.
As an independent Abbey, Worth has been involved in a number of different pastoral endeavours. Worth School, a boarding and day school, was opened shortly after the Abbey became independent of Downside. In 1964, parish work began in the immediate locality of the Abbey. In 1968 a long-term missionary connection with Peru began when monks from Worth built a farm and mission in the remote Apurimac valley, while in Lima they founded a monastery, a large parish and a health centre. Since 1990, this connection has been continued through the charity Outreach Peru. In 1971, the Worth Abbey Lay Community launched the idea of lay participation in monastic life for young people, growing to become, by 2003, an independent lay movement as the Lay Community of St Benedict. Between 1983 and 1990, St Peter's, East Dulwich, became the home to an experimental urban monastic community jointly founded by Worth Abbey and the Anglican Diocese of Southwark. The work of formation in Christian faith and spirituality which began there is continued in The Open Cloister.
The Abbey Church, designed by the UK architect Francis Pollen (died 1987) in the period immediately following the Second Vatican Council, was begun in 1966, and came into use in 1974. The church was consecrated for worship in 1975, and work continued on the structure of the building until its completion in 2001. The church adjoins the monastery buildings, also designed by Francis Pollen, which were completed in 1989. In 2010–11, the Abbey Church was extensively restored and refurbished, and was equipped with purpose built furniture for the first time. The design of the furnishings and the overall supervision of the refurbishment was the work of the UK designer Thomas Heatherwick.
Television documentaries.
In May 2005, BBC Two broadcast The Monastery, a three-part documentary series filmed at Worth Abbey. This was followed in June 2006 by "The Monastery Revisited". In 2010 "The Big Silence" was broadcast.

</doc>
<doc id="2890531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890531" title="Lake Margaret Tram">
Lake Margaret Tram

The Lake Margaret Tram was located on the western side of Mount Sedgwick in the West Coast Range on the West Coast of Tasmania in service for the Mount Lyell Mining and Railway Company to the Lake Margaret community .
Construction.
By 1903, the timber areas having been cut out around Queenstown itself, the wood cutters moved to Howard's Plains, situated on the plateau north west of Queenstown. As access on to the plateau was steep, a self-acting narrow gauge dual haulage was built. From the top of the incline, a tramway was laid and was extended, over a period of time, some 4¼ miles towards Lake Margaret.
Following the decision to build the Lake Margaret Power Station, the Howard's Plains Tram was extended from its then terminus at the 4¼ mile peg. Work commenced on the extension on 19 August 1912. The Howard's Plains tram was completely upgraded. The total distance from the haulage to the power station being 7 miles, including a zig zag along the line.
Following the completion of the power station on 28 November 1914, the tram continued to provide firewood as well as a freight and passenger service for employees and their families living at the isolated settlement. A second power station was built a mile below the first station, in 1931, and was also linked by tramway.
Length Reduced.
In 1937, the terminus of the line was moved from the top of the haulage to its junction with the Queenstown to Strahan road. The haulage being no longer required after the construction of that road. Upon completion of the road to Zeehan in 1941, the terminus was moved again, out to its junction with that road, approximately 3 miles from Queenstown.
Closure.
The Lake Margaret Tram remained the only connection to the Lake Margaret locality for a considerable part of the twentieth century. It was closed in 1964 when a road was constructed into the power station and the settlement.
Motive Power.
Initially, the tram was worked by Krauss locomotives, while in later years an Alfa Romeo petrol locomotive was used. Several rail cars worked the line and included a 'Riley' in earlier years, while a Vauxhaull rail car was used in the later years.
In 1959, the Mount Lyell Mining and Railway Company purchased two 2-foot gauge diesel shunting locomotives, manufactured by Tulloch Limited of Rhodes, New South Wales. These were intended for surface working on their system of that gauge. They were powered with a Fordson 4-cylinder 40 hp. engine. The locomotive weighed 4.5 tons. As shown in the accompanying photograph, one of these locomotives was put to use on the Lake Margaret Tram.
Hiking Trail.
After the tramline's tracks were removed, part of the formation was opened to the public as a hiking trail.
However access to the Lake Margaret Power station was restricted for some considerable time. 

</doc>
<doc id="2890534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890534" title="Hulu Perak">
Hulu Perak

Hulu Perak is one of nine administrative districts located in the north-east corner of Perak in Malaysia. To the east of the district is the state of Kelantan, to the south is the district of Kuala Kangsar while to the south-west is the district of Larut, Matang dan Selama. Hulu Perak also shares a border with Betong District of Thailand. The main district capital is Gerik.
Geography.
The geography of Hulu Perak district features the Titiwangsa Mountains, with 1,533 m high Ulu Titi Basah peak located on the Thai/Malaysian border, and Temenggor Lake.
History.
In 1511, after the fall of the Malacca Sultanate to the Portuguese, Sultan Mahmud Shah retreated and established his government in Bentan. In 1526 the Portuguese attacked his domain again and forced him to retreat to Kampar and to establish his rule there.
At that time, Tun Saban had moved to Upper Patani and stayed at Beredung Budi. He then moved to Belum Forest in Hulu Perak, founded a village at a place called Relap Hati, and became the chief of the peoples in Belum Forest.
Administration Area.
Three district councils administer the district:

</doc>
<doc id="2890541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890541" title="Perak Tengah">
Perak Tengah

Perak Tengah is an administrative district in Perak, Malaysia. It is administered by Majlis Daerah Perak Tengah or Perak Tengah District Council, which is based at the town of Seri Iskandar.

</doc>
<doc id="2890542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890542" title="Anton Apriantono">
Anton Apriantono

Anton Apriantono (born Serang, Banten; October 5, 1959) has been Indonesia's Minister of Agriculture since October 2004. He studied at the University of Reading and currently is a faculty in Department of Food Science and Technology at Bogor Agricultural University.

</doc>
<doc id="2890545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890545" title="The Little White Cloud That Cried">
The Little White Cloud That Cried

"The Little White Cloud that Cried" is a popular song written by Johnnie Ray and published in 1951.
The biggest hit version was recorded by Ray and The Four Lads in 1951. The recording was released by Okeh Records as catalog number 6840. It was a #2 hit on the Billboard magazine chart that year and one side of one of the biggest two-sided hits, as the flip side, "Cry," reached #1 on the Billboard chart.

</doc>
<doc id="2890549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890549" title="Stella Obasanjo">
Stella Obasanjo

Stella Obasanjo (14 November 1945 – 23 October 2005) was the First Lady of Nigeria from 1999 until her death. She was the wife of former president Olusegun Obasanjo. She was not the First Lady in 1976, when Obasanjo was military head of state. She died while undergoing elective liposuction in an exclusive clinic in Spain.
Background.
Stella Obasanjo was from Iruekpen, Esan West, Edo State. Her father, Dr. Christopher Abebe, was chief of the United Africa Company (UAC) and would become the first indigenous (African) chairman of UAC Nigeria. Her mother, Therasa, graduated from Pitman's College, London. 
Stella Abebe began her education at Our Lady of the Apostles Primary School. She enrolled at St. Theresa's College, where she obtained her West African School Certificate in 1964 with grade one. Two years later she obtained the higher school certificate. She was admitted to the University of Ife now (Obafemi Awolwo University), Ile-Ife, for a bachelor's degree in English, attending from 1967 to 1969. In 1969 she transferred to the UK to complete her studies, this time round, in insurance, in London and Edinburgh, Scotland, from 1970 to 1974. 
She completed her education with a certificate as confidential secretary from the Pitman College in 1976. She returned to Nigeria in 1976 and soon after married General Obasanjo, who had become Head of State and Commander-in-Chief of the Nigerian Armed Forces, following the assassination of General Murtala Mohammed.
As first Lady of Nigeria, she joined the Campaign Against Female Genital Mutilation and on 6 February 2003, she declared the day the International Day of Zero Tolerance to Female Genital Mutilation. Reporters Without Borders reported that Orobosa Omo-Ojo, the publisher of the Lagos-based "Nigerian Midwest Herald", was arrested on Stella Obasanjo's orders on 2 May 2005 and taken to Akure prison. His arrest was prompted by an article the previous week about her, headlined "Greedy Stella".
Death.
Stella Obasanjo died a few weeks before her 60th birthday from complications of cosmetic surgery at a private health clinic in Puerto Banús, Marbella, Spain, on 23 October 2005. The surgeon, identified only as "AM" in court, was sentenced to one year of imprisonment in September 2009 on a charge of "causing homicide through negligence", disqualified from medicine for a period of three years and ordered to pay €120,000 (approximately US$176,000) in compensation to Stella Obasanjo's son. Prosecutors had requested a two-year jail term and five-year disqualification. A request for compensation for the Nigerian government was also rejected. The physician had misplaced a tube designed for a liposuction procedure into Obasanjo's abdominal cavity. She sustained a punctured colon and lacerated liver and died two days after the surgery. The doctor did not immediately answer his mobile phone when called after performing the operation and reportedly left Obasanjo for four hours. Had she been hospitalised in time, it is thought she might have survived her injuries. 

</doc>
<doc id="2890552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890552" title="Coatbridge and Chryston (Scottish Parliament constituency)">
Coatbridge and Chryston (Scottish Parliament constituency)

Coatbridge and Chryston is a constituency of the Scottish Parliament. It elects one Member of the Scottish Parliament (MSP) by the plurality (first past the post) method of election. It is also one of nine constituencies in the Central Scotland electoral region, which elects seven additional members, in addition to nine constituency MSPs, to produce a form of proportional representation for the region as a whole.
Electoral region.
The other eight constituencies of the Central Scotland region are Airdrie and Shotts, Cumbernauld and Kilsyth, East Kilbride, Falkirk East, Falkirk West, Hamilton, Larkhall and Stonehouse, Motherwell and Wishaw and Uddingston and Bellshill.
The region covers all of the Falkirk council area, all of the North Lanarkshire council area and part of the South Lanarkshire council area.
Constituency boundaries and council areas.
The constituency was created at the same time as the Scottish Parliament, in 1999, with the name and boundaries of an existing Westminster constituency. In 2005, however, Scottish Westminster (House of Commons) constituencies were mostly replaced with new constituencies.
The rest of the North Lanarkshire area is covered by Airdrie and Shotts, Cumbernauld and Kilsyth, Motherwell and Wishaw and Uddingston and Bellshill, which are also within the Central Scotland electoral region.
Following the Boundary Review the electoral wards used in the creation of Coatbridge and Chryston are:
Election results.
Liberal Democrats polled under 5% and thus lost their deposit
Notes.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2890553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890553" title="Murder of Taylor Behl">
Murder of Taylor Behl

Taylor Marie Behl (October 13, 1987 – September 6, 2005) was a 17 year-old college freshman from Vienna, Virginia. She moved to Richmond, Virginia, in August 2005 to attend Virginia Commonwealth University. About two weeks later on Labor Day, September 5, 2005, Behl disappeared. Acting on a tip one month later, VCU police located her remains at a rural area in Mathews County, Virginia. Behl's disappearance and death were the subject of a major police investigation and became an Internet cause célèbre. "Love You More: The Taylor Behl Story", a book written by her mother, was released on November 7, 2006.
Case.
In the early morning hours of Saturday, September 17, 2005, Behl's car was found in a residential neighborhood about a mile and a half from the VCU Campus. A K-9 unit police were using on the car led them to Jesse Schultz, 22, who lived in the area where Behl's car was found. Police reported that Schultz failed questions on a lie detector test when he claimed not to know and not to have been in Behl's car, and was arrested on cocaine possession charges.
Numerous search warrants were executed, including Taylor's mother's home in Vienna, Virginia, and Behl's VCU Gladding Residence Center dorm room. Those questioned by police at this phase of the investigation included "Jake," a VCU student and former Behl boyfriend with whom she had dinner after she returned to Richmond on September 5, and another unnamed friend of Schultz and Behl, whose car was impounded for forensic tests because police believed that Behl might have been in his car before her disappearance. The "Times-Dispatch" reported that this "friend in common" refused a polygraph test.
Another of the last individuals to have seen Behl alive was Benjamin Fawley, a 38 year-old amateur photographer and self-described "Goth/skater from the 1980s." Investigators focused on Fawley as they began to uncover his and Behl's relationship. Fawley's attorney, Chris Collins, confirmed that Fawley "is a suspect and should be a suspect because he knew her." Police began to become more suspicious when Fawley's alibi did not hold up, and executed a search warrant issued by Richmond Circuit Court Judge Beverly W. Snukals on Fawley for offenses "substantially described as...taking indecent liberties with children attempted" and "contributing to the delinquency of a minor." Police were looking for, among other things, "women's clothing," Behl's Nokia camera phone, "Taylor Behl's key ring," her money, and "burglary tools." As a result of the search, Fawley was arrested that day, Friday, September 23, 2005, and charged with 16 counts of child pornography.
On Wednesday, October 12, 2005, Fawley, against his attorney's advice, spoke to police investigators. Fawley reportedly admitted to being with Behl the night of September 5 and into the early morning hours of September 6, 2005. He allegedly said that Behl died accidentally during a consensual sex act (likely erotic asphyxiation) with him in her car at Mathews County, Virginia. He claimed he then panicked and dumped her unburied body in a shallow ravine.
Court TV's Marilyn Bardsley hypothesized another theory, one in which Behl crossed paths with Fawley after she left her roommate to her privacy at 10:20 p.m. that Monday night. It was common for Behl to save parking fees by using an off-campus unmetered parking space on Hancock Street, near Fawley's apartment. However, a released surveillance video showed Behl and Fawley entering the VCU Gladding Residence Center together at 10:18 p.m. and Fawley waiting for Behl in the dorm's lobby while she went to her dorm room seems to discount Ms. Bardsley's theory. The video's final frames show Behl and Fawley leaving the dorm together.
Taylor Behl's mother, Janet Pelasara, called Fawley "a big, fat liar" and claimed that Behl had sex "once out of curiosity" with Fawley in April, 2005, "and then didn't want anything to do with him."
On Monday, October 17, 2005, Richmond Circuit Court Chief Judge, Margaret Spencer, issued a gag order, prohibiting witnesses who appear before the court from publicly discussing their testimony, effectively quashing any witness accounts becoming public until Fawley's trial.
Since then, court records have shown that on Tuesday, January 17, 2006, Mathews County, Virginia indicted Fawley for Behl's murder. The indictment accuses him of killing Taylor "willfully, deliberately and with premeditation" while attempting to abduct and rape her. 
On Monday, February 13, 2006, the indictment was amended, barring immediate accusations of rape and abduction. The reworded first-degree murder charge now accuses that Fawley "did feloniously kill and murder Taylor Marie Behl." 
On Wednesday, August 9, 2006, Circuit Court Judge William H. Shaw, III accepted Benjamin Fawley's guilty plea to second degree murder and sentenced him to thirty years in prison. Fawley had entered an Alford plea.
Use of internet.
In September 2007 Chuck Cohen a first sergeant with the Indiana State Police told a class in Louisiana of 21 law enforcement agencies, studying "how criminals often leave an online trail at social networking sites such as MySpace and Facebook," that the Taylor Behl case marked one of the first times that police narrowed down their suspect pool using a MySpace friends list. Cohen said that Ben Fawley's Internet footprint eventually led police to Behl's body.

</doc>
<doc id="2890561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890561" title="Teutoburg">
Teutoburg

Teutoburg may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2890563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890563" title="Mizong">
Mizong

"Mizong" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2890588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890588" title="Arauco Province">
Arauco Province

Arauco Province () is one of four provinces of the Chilean region of Bío Bío (VIII). It spans a coastal area of just south of the mouth of the Biobío River, the traditional demarcation between the nation's major natural regions, Zona Central and Zona Sur. The province originally covered the once-independent indigenous territory of Araucanía, but this was afterward divided into four provinces. It is devoted largely to agricultural pursuits. The capital Lebu (population 25,000) is situated on the coast about south of Concepción with which it is connected by rail.
Administration.
As a province, Arauco is a second-level administrative division of Chile, governed by a provincial governor who is appointed by the president.
Communes.
The province is composed of seven communes, each governed by a municipality consisting of an elected alcalde and municipal council.
Geography and demography.
According to the 2002 census by the National Statistics Institute ("INE"), the province spans an area of and had a population of 157,255 inhabitants (79,263 men and 77,992 women), giving it a population density of . Of these, 117,569 (74.8%) lived in urban areas and 39,686 (25.2%) in rural areas. Between the 1992 and 2002 censuses, the population grew by 5% (7,554 persons).

</doc>
<doc id="2890593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890593" title="List of interwar armoured fighting vehicles">
List of interwar armoured fighting vehicles

This is a list of armoured fighting vehicles developed during the interwar years between the end of the First World War (1918) and the start of the Second World War (1939). There is some overlap with tanks that actually served in the early part of the Second World War. 
See also history of the tank, list of armoured fighting vehicles.
China.
China purchased several hundred armoured combat vehicles during the 1930s. The exact model and numbers are difficult to obtain, please see this article for more info.
Some of China's armoured fighting vehicles in 1930s:
Soviet Union.
At the end of the Russian Civil War, Soviet Russia had a stock of imported Mark V (called "Rikardo", after the Ricardo engine), Whippet ("Tyeilor", after the Tylor engine), and Renault FT ("Reno") tanks, and an assortment armoured trains.
By the time of the German invasion on June 22, 1941, the Soviets had already fielded 222 T-40 light amphibious tanks, 967 T-34 medium tanks and 508 KV-1 and KV-2 heavy tanks.
Tanks.
Small amphibious tanks
Light tanks
Flame-throwing and engineer tanks
Medium tanks
Heavy tanks
Self-propelled guns.
Most of these were manufactured in very small numbers

</doc>
<doc id="2890604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890604" title="Business in Hampshire">
Business in Hampshire

Hampshire's total economy (worth £22.9bn) is the largest economy in England outside London, providing almost 3% of total GDP for the UK as a whole.
Economy.
See Hampshire#Economy for more information.
Law & regulations.
Hampshire Trading Standards Service originated from the initial introduction of the Weights and Measures Act, and is still better known as the Inspectors of Weights and Measures. Trading Standards Service activities are still primarily enforcement of the Weights and Measures Act, but also has the following responsibilities, in whole or in part, as of 31 March 1988;
Today the Hampshire County Council Regulatory Services Commission publishes advice on local business advice on its web site [http://www.hants.gov.uk/regulatory/busadvice.html].
Small business advice.
Advice for new businesses is available from a number of private ventures and government funded schemes. Advice is available from Business Link, Department of Trade and Industry and the HM Revenue and Customs.
Business award schemes.
Hampshire County Council and the Economic Development Office sponsor a number of local business awards.
Business directories.
These web sites provide information on local Hampshire businesses (as opposed to UK-wide Business directories);
Business parks & premises.
Andover
Basingstoke
East Hampshire
Eastleigh
Fareham
Gosport
Hart (district)
Havant
Portsmouth
Rushmoor
Southampton
Winchester

</doc>
<doc id="2890605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890605" title="Worth School">
Worth School

Worth School, near Turners Hill, Crawley, West Sussex, England, is a co-educational Roman Catholic boarding and day independent school for pupils from 11 to 18 years of age. The school is located with Worth Abbey, a Benedictine monastery, in of Sussex countryside. In 2011 the school had 570 pupils and over 200 staff.
History.
In 1933 the Paddockhurst country estate of Lord Cowdray was purchased by Downside Abbey, Somerset, a monastic community of the Benedictine Order. John Chapman, Abbot of Downside, founded a dependent priory, named Worth Priory, on the estate, with a Preparatory School for boys aged 7 to 13. This school, set in the mansion house of Paddockhurst, was a junior school for the school at Downside. Having 60 pupils at foundation, numbers rose to 100 in 1939 when the school was evacuated and moved to Downside Abbey for the duration of the Second World War. In 1957 pupil numbers rose to 256, the school becoming the second largest preparatory school in the country.
In 1957 Worth Abbey became independent from Downside, and shortly after this an independent senior school, Worth School, for boys aged 13 to 18, was founded (1959). The former Worth Preparatory School remained separate from the senior school and was progressively scaled-down until in 1965 it became The Junior House for boys aged 11 to 13. 
Worth School remained a full boarding school until the 1990s, when day students were first admitted, and two day houses were founded, one inheriting the name of Worth's founder, Chapman, the other named for its first Abbot, Farwell. Worth was the first English Benedictine school to combine the boarding and day traditions in this way.
In October 1999 the School hosted the first International Conference on Benedictine Education. Over one hundred Benedictine educators, monks, nuns and lay people came from sixty Benedictine schools in fifteen countries to work together on developing the distinctive Benedictine tradition of education. At this meeting work began on establishing The International Commission on Benedictine Education (ICBE) which was founded in November 2002 in order to support those schools which promote a Benedictine vision of education. 
In 2002 Worth School was established as a separate charity from Worth Abbey, with its own Board of Governors, with a lay chairman. This was the first time that a Benedictine school in England had established a fully independent lay Board of Governors.
In 2005 the school was one of fifty independent schools in the country in breach of competition law. In a ruling by the Office of Fair Trading, these schools were required to pay a nominal penalty, and all agreed to make ex-gratia payments to a trust.
Girls were accepted into the sixth form from September 2008. Girls were admitted into the lower years in 2010. A boarding house and a day house for girls were subsequently founded.
In March 2009 the school celebrated its 75th anniversary, with a special mass for the whole school community in Westminster Cathedral. The school was welcomed by Cardinal Cormac Murphy-O'Connor and the mass was celebrated in the presence of Archbishop Faustino Sainz Muñoz, Apostolic Nuncio to Great Britain. It is the first time that a Benedictine school has ever assembled for such an occasion at Westminster Cathedral. The school choir performed a specially composed motet by Colin Mawby, a former Director of Music at the Cathedral and one of Britain’s leading liturgical composers.
In July 2009 racing driver Henry Surtees, 18, had just finished his A-levels at Worth School, when he died in an accident during a Formula Two race at Brands Hatch, Kent. The school commemorated this former pupil by naming a school social centre in his honour, and by a cross-Channel swim to raise £15,000 for Sussex Air Ambulance, the Surtees family's nominated charity.
During 2011 extended sports facilities were opened, including the school's first Astroturf. In the same year the Abbey Church, used daily by the school for a wide variety of functions, was extensively refurbished. The Abbey Church (constructed between 1965 and 1975) was designed by the English architect Francis Pollen, and “is considered by many to be the best example of his style”. The refurbished interior, by Thomas Heatherwick Studios, won the West Sussex County Council Design and Sustainability Scheme Restoration Award for 2011. Judges found that “Thoughtful design and superb execution make for a wonderful restoration, proving that in the right hands contemporary architecture can be used to create an exceptional place for prayer and contemplation”.
In November 2011 a 13 year old pupil, William Avery-Wright, died in a road accident on the B2110 Paddockhurst Road while crossing unsupervised. His funeral was held in the Abbey Church in December of that year. Subsequently, the bereaved family have been critical of the school and in January 2014 the Conservative MP for Wealden, Charles Hendry, called for the resignation of the school's Headmaster, Gino Carminati, and Chair of Governors, Alda Andreotti.
In September 2012, a new boarding house for boys, named St Bede’s, was opened in a woodland setting near the school golf course. Designed by architects Miller Bourne (Hove), the building houses 60 boarders, along with a housemaster’s family house and a flat for a residential tutor. The St Bede’s building won the 2012 Sussex Heritage Trust Award in the large commercial category. 
In June 2013, in co-operation with The Jesuit Institute, the school was host to an educational conference on the Identity and Mission of Catholic Schools. Attracting over 40 international participants, the two day event focused on sustaining and developing the ethos of Catholic schools. This was the first time that schools in the UK from the Benedictine and Jesuit traditions of education had co-operated in such a manner. Later in the same year, the school opened a pedestrian footbridge across the B2110 Paddockhurst Road, thereby more directly linking its main site with its nearby playing fields. Because the school is located in the High Weald Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty the bridge was so designed that its impact on the visual amenity of the locality is minimised.
Further reading.
Condon, Ian; "A House Called Paddockhurst: A Short History of Worth's Victorian Mansion". Worth School (February 2010). ISBN 9780956522900

</doc>
<doc id="2890607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890607" title="Siddharth Nagar">
Siddharth Nagar

Siddharth Nagar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2890613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890613" title="Charlotta Bass">
Charlotta Bass

Charlotta Amanda Spears Bass (February 14, 1874 – April 12, 1969) was an American educator, newspaper publisher-editor, and civil rights activist. Bass was probably the first African-American woman to own and operate a newspaper in the United States; she published the "California Eagle" from 1912 until 1951. In 1952 Bass became the first African-American woman nominated for Vice President, as a candidate of the Progressive Party.
Background.
Charlotta Amanda Spears Bass was born in Sumter, South Carolina, on February 14, 1874, to Hiram and Kate Spears. She was the sixth child of eleven. When she was twenty years old, she moved to live with her brother in Providence, Rhode Island, where she worked for the "Providence Watchman". Spears worked for the "Providence Watchman" for about ten years.
She moved to California for her health and ended up working at the "Eagle." In 1912, a new editor Joseph Bass joined the "Eagle." Bass had been one of the founders of the "Topeka Plaindealer". He shared his concern with Spears about the injustice and racial discrimination in society.
Marriage and family.
Spears married Joseph Bass, and they ran the newspaper together.
Expansion of paper.
"The Eagle" developed a large black readership. By 1925, the "California Eagle" employed a staff of twelve and published twenty pages a week. The "Eagle'"s circulation of 60,000 made it the largest African-American newspaper on the West Coast. 
When the editor John Neimore become ill, he turned the operations of the "Eagle" over to Spears. After Neimore's death, the paper's new owner put Spears in charge. She renamed the newspaper company to the "California Eagle" due to increasing social and political issues. 
Her purpose for the "California Eagle" was to write about the wrongs of society. The newspaper served as a source of both information and inspiration for the black community, which was often ignored or negatively portrayed by the predominant white press. As publisher, Bass was committed to producing a quality periodical. In her weekly column, "On the Sidewalk", begun in 1927, she drew attention to unjust social and political conditions for all Los Angeles minority communities and campaigned vigorously for reform. 
Bass published the "California Eagle" from 1912 until 1951. Bass and her husband combatted such issues as the derogatory images in D.W. Griffith's film, "Birth of A Nation"; Los Angeles' discriminatory hiring practices; the revival of the Ku Klux Klan; police brutality; and restrictive housing covenants. The Basses powerfully championed the black soldiers of the Twenty-Fourth Infantry who were unjustly sentenced in the 1917 Houston race riot. They also covered the case and supported the "Scottsboro boy," nine young men who were framed and convicted of rape in Scottsboro, Alabama in 1931. 
In 1934, Joseph Bass died. Charlotta Bass continued to run the "California Eagle" on her own. 
In the 1940s, Bass's newspaper pioneered multiethnic politics, advocating Asian-American and Mexican-American civil rights. 
Bass retired from the newspaper business in 1951. Her later years were devoted to politics.
Political activities.
During the 1920s, Bass became co-president of the Los Angeles chapter of the Universal Negro Improvement Association, founded by Marcus Garvey. Bass formed the Home Protective Association to defeat housing covenants in all-white neighborhoods. She helped found the Industrial Business Council, which fought discrimination in employment practices and encouraged black people to go into business. As editor and publisher of the "California Eagle", the oldest black newspaper on the West Coast, Charlotta Bass fought against restrictive covenants in housing and segregated schools in Los Angeles. She campaigned to end job discrimination at the Los Angeles General Hospital, the Los Angeles Rapid Transit Company, the Southern Telephone Company, and the Boulder Dam Project.
During the Great Depression of the 1930s, she continued to encourage black businesses with the campaign known as "Don't Buy Where You Can't Work".
As a leader of both the NAACP and the UNIA, Bass spanned the divide between integrationist and separatist black politics. She was the director of the Youth Movement of the NAACP. It had 200 members, including some actors and actresses, such as Lena Horne, Hattie McDaniel, and Louise Beavers. 
In the 1940s, the Republican Party chose Bass as western regional director for Wendell Willkie's presidential campaign. Three years later, she became the first African-American grand jury member for the Los Angeles County Court. Also in 1943, Bass led a group of black leaders to the office of the Mayor of Los Angeles, Fletcher Bowron's office. They demanded an expansion of the Mayor's Committee on American Unity, more public mass meetings to promote interracial unity, and an end to the discriminatory hiring practices of the privately owned Los Angeles Railway Company. The mayor listened, but agreed to do no more than to expand his committee. Then later in the 1940s, Bass left the Republican Party and joined the Progressive Party because she believed neither of the major parties was committed to civil rights. 
Bass served in 1952 as the National Chairman of the Sojourners for Truth and Justice, an organization of black women set up to protest racial violence in the South. That year, she was nominated for vice president of the United States by the Progressive Party. She was the running mate of lawyer Vincent Hallinan. Bass became the first African-American woman to run for vice president of the United States. Her platform called for civil rights, women's rights, an end to the Korean War, and peace with the Soviet Union. Bass's slogan during the vice presidential campaign was, "Win or lose, we win by raising the issues."
Bass worked on issues that also attracted Luisa Moreno, who was active in Afro-Chicano politics in Los Angeles during the 1930s-1950. No record shows that the two women ever met, but in 1943 both served on the Sleepy Lagoon Defense Committee, a multiracial group that fought for the release of several Chicanos convicted of murder by an all-white jury. Bass d Moreno part of the same "constellation" of struggle.
Bass wrote her last column for the "California Eagle" on April 26, 1951, and sold the paper soon after. Considering the sum of her career as she was completing her autobiography, "Forty Years" (1960), Bass wrote: 
"It has been a good life that I have had, through a very hard one, but I know the future will be even better, And as I think back I know that is the only kind of life: In serving one's fellow man one serves himself best . . . "
During her years of retirement, she maintained a library in her garage for the young people in her neighborhood. It was a continuation of her long fight to give all people opportunities and education. She died in Los Angeles on April 12, 1969 from a cerebral hemorrhage. She is buried alongside her husband in Evergreen Cemetery, East Los Angeles, California.
Further reading.
John M. Findlay. "Power and Place in the North American West by Richard White". University of Washington Press, 1999. ISBN 0-295-97773-6

</doc>
<doc id="2890614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890614" title="Inkspell">
Inkspell

Inkspell (German title: "Tintenblut") is a 2005 young adult fantasy novel by Cornelia Funke. It was named the 2006 Book Sense Book of the Year in the Children's Literature category.
"Inkspell" is the second novel in Cornelia Funke's "Inkheart" trilogy. The first novel, "Inkheart", (2003) was critically acclaimed and was made into a major motion picture released in January 2009. The third novel, "Inkdeath", was published on September 28, 2007 in Germany.
Plot summary.
A year has passed, and Meggie now lives with Elinor, Darius and her parents, Mo and Resa. Life is peaceful, but not a day goes by without Meggie thinking of "Inkheart" and the characters that came to life. For the fire-eater Dustfinger, the need to return to his homeworld has become urgent. When he finds a crooked storyteller named Orpheus who has the same ability to bring stories to life as Mo, he asks him to read him back. Orpheus obliges, but doesn't send Dustfinger's apprentice, Farid, back into the book as they arranged; he then steals the book from the boy and hands it over to Basta, who wants revenge for the death of his master Capricorn. Dustfinger, now in the Inkworld, regrets the fact that Farid didn't come back with him but doesn't suspect that Orpheus intended it that way. Distraught, Farid goes in search of Meggie, and before long, both are caught inside the book, too.
Soon after the two months are in the book, Mortola, Basta, Orpheus, and a "man built like a wardrobe" barge into Elinor's house, and take Mo, Resa, Elinor, and Darius prisoner. As per Mortola's orders, Orpheus reads Basta, Mortola, and Mo into "Inkheart", but Resa comes with them by accident by getting hold of Mo. Mortola has brought along a rifle from our world, and shoots Mortimer. Resa discovers that her voice has come back to her only as she cries for her husband, praying for him to survive the wound. Resa and Mo are hiding in a secret cave with the strolling players (known also as Motley Folk) while he recovers, but they soon discover (or erroneously assume) that the injured Mo is the mysterious gentleman-robber, the "Bluejay", a fictitious hero created by Fenoglio's words made into song for the Motley Folk to sing. Fenoglio has been living within his own story since the events of Inkheart, working as a court scribe in Lombrica's capital city of Ombra, and once reunited with Meggie he asks her to read Cosimo the Fair back into the story, since he died a death the author never planned for him. Meggie doesn't feel right to interfere with the story so much but is soon convinced by Fenoglio as it will be 'a double' of Cosimo - not Cosimo himself. Reluctantly Meggie agrees to read the words when Adderheads soldier's barge into the fair and injure and kill many people by riding horses over them, but soon regrets it when she realises that it has gone wrong. Cosimo has none of his doubles memories and doesn't seem to love his wife and child anymore. Instead he 'spends his nights' with Dustfinger and Roxanne's daughter Brianna. Violante begs Fenoglio to convince Roxanne to deal with Brianna and tell her not to upset Violante's marriage. Fenoglio attempts this but fails, a mixture of Roxanne's reluctance to tell her daughter what to do and Roxanne's distracting beauty. Fenoglio thinks that Roxanne is 'too beautiful' for Dustfinger.
Cosimo's return upsets the Adderhead, ruler of the neighboring region of Argenta, whom planned to take over Lombrica once the Laughing Prince died. With the rightful heir to the throne of Ombra mysteriously brought back to life, but with no memories of 'his own' life, a war is imminent.
Mo and Resa are captured by the Adderhead's men along with many other strolling players in the cave, sold out by one of their own. Meggie, who had also been able to read a few of Fenoglio's words to aid her father in recuperating, joins Dustfinger and Farid in searching for her parents and the strolling players. Along with the Black Prince, the leader of the Motley Folk, they launch a successful rescue mission, but Mo is unable to escape because of his wound and Resa stays behind with him. Meggie goes willingly into the Adderhead's Castle of Night and, fulfilling a prophecy she and Fenoglio dreamed up and "read" into reality, offers him a bargain: Mo, a great bookbinder rather than the robber they believe him to be, will bind the Adderhead a book of immortality if he lets Meggie, Resa, Mo, and the rest of the strolling players he has captured go free. What they neglect to tell the Prince of Argenta is that if three words are written in the book ("Heart", "Spell", and "Death", referencing the titles of the books), the person who signed his name in the book to gain immortality will die instantly. However, his lieutenant Firefox, disbelieving of the entire concept from the beginning, is chosen to test it. Firefox is made immortal, surviving a fatal stabbing without suffering any consequences, but then Taddeo, the Adderhead's librarian, kills him by writing the three words in the book. Satisfied that the book works, the words are all erased and replaced by the Adderhead's name, consequently making the Adderhead invincible. Mo picks up Firefox's sword as they leave and claims it as his own, feeling a strange coldness within him; he believes his anger and sadness at the events thus far are changing him into a different person.
The Adderhead decided, as celebration for his wife giving birth to a healthy son to release all of the prisoners from his cells, but the Black Prince suspects that he instead plans to sell the prisoners into slavery. Together the robbers plan to free the prisoners, during the raid in which Basta leads, Mo learns to fight and kill and, Unfortunately Basta kills Farid, with a knife thrown at his back (The death Fenoglio had originally planned for Dustfinger) Basta is then killed himself by Mo.
Later while mourning Farids death, Dustfinger asks Meggie if she too would like to have Farid back. When Meggie agrees, he sends her to Roxanne to tell her "he will always find his way back to her". Roxanne realizes what Dustfinger plans to do and runs to him, she is too late however and watches as the White Women, (the Inkworld's Angels of Death) take Dustfinger. Farid is then brought back to life in Dustfinger's place and the story ends with Meggie reading Orpheus to the Inkworld so as to resurrect Dustfinger. Orpheus convinces Farid to become his servant in saying that it will help him bring Dustfinger back to life sooner.
Audio book.
The audio book published by Random House Listening Library is read by Brendan Fraser, the actor that played Mo in the movie adaptation. It is approximately 18 hours and 50 minutes long on 16 disks.

</doc>
<doc id="2890616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890616" title="Tyrone Berry">
Tyrone Berry

Tyrone Michael Berry (born 20 February 1987) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder. He is currently with Cray Wanderers, on dual registration from Farnbough who had only been able to pay him expenses. He has previously appeared for the likes of Notts County, York City and Forest Green Rovers in his career.
Early life.
Born in Brixton, London, Berry went to primary school at Corpus Christi Catholic Primary school on Brixton Hill, and attended St. Thomas the Apostle College on the border between Nunhead and Peckham, alongside West Ham United midfielder Nigel Quashie.
Career.
Berry started his career at Crystal Palace in the youth and reserve teams, making his first team debut as a 78th minute substitute in a 3–0 victory over Walsall in the League Cup first round on 23 August 2005. He joined Notts County on one-month loan in September 2005, and later Rushden & Diamonds on 13 January 2006. On 31 January 2006, the last day of the transfer window, Berry signed for Rushden permanently on a contract until June 2007.
In January 2007 he was told he could leave Rushden and was sent out on loan to Conference South team Lewes. He scored two goals on his debut and finished the loan with four appearances. He joined Crawley Town until the end of the 2006–07 season in February.
Berry joined Stevenage Borough on 5 December 2007, making his debut after coming off the bench three days later during a home league match against Salisbury City. He was released at the end of the 2007–08 season.
He signed for Gillingham on a month-long contract shortly before the start of the 2008–09 season. He made his debut away to Bournemouth on 9 August 2008, but the contract was not renewed, and he was released after just five appearances. He had a trial at Hereford United in October 2008, before signing for Grays Athletic on 23 January 2009 on non-contract terms. He signed for Conference Premier side York City on non-contract terms on 13 November. He was released on 28 December after failing to make any appearances. Berry signed for Forest Green Rovers on 31 December. He made his debut for Forest Green in the closing minutes of a 2–1 defeat to Notts County in the third round of the FA Cup in January 2010. He went on to make his league debut later that month in a 4–1 home defeat to Mansfield Town. He was released from his contract at Forest Green in February 2010 after making three appearances. He had a trial with Championship club Sheffield United in March, playing for the reserves in a 2–0 victory over Macclesfield Town. He trialled with Kettering Town in July 2010, playing in a pre-season friendly against Northampton Town.
After a brief spell with Burgess Hill Town, Berry joined Hayes & Yeading United in January 2012. Just two months later however, Berry left Hayes & Yeading. In September 2012, Berry signed for Tooting & Mitcham United. In August 2013, he signed for Farnborough. After making 12 appearances, scoring two goals, Berry left the club in February 2014 and signed for Cray Wanderers.

</doc>
<doc id="2890626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890626" title="The Haunting">
The Haunting

The Haunting may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2890631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890631" title="Tribrachidium">
Tribrachidium

Tribrachidium heraldicum is a tri-radially symmetrical fossil animal that lived in the late Ediacaran (Vendian) seas. In life, it was hemispherical in form. "T. heraldicum" is the best known member of the extinct group Trilobozoa.
Etymology.
The generic name "Tribrachidium" is derived from combination of the Greek "τρία" (tria, "three") + Latin "brachium" ("arm") + diminutive suffix -"idium". The specific name "T. heraldicum" is referring to similarity of the pattern of this fossil with the well-known heraldic triskelion design, such as the coat of arms of the Isle of Man.
Occurrence.
"Tribrachidium" fossils were first discovered in the Ediacara Member of the Rawnslay Quartzite, Flinders Ranges in South Australia. This fossil is also known from the Mogilev Formation in the Dniester River Basin, Podolia, Ukraine and from the Verkhovka, Zimnegory an Yorga Formations in the White Sea area of the Arkhangelsk Region, Russia. 
Description.
"T. heraldicum" is preserved as negative impressions on the base of sandstone beds. These fossils have a circular, three-lobe form, with straight or trefoil-like edges; they are usually covered by numerous radial branched furrows. The central part of the fossil has three hooked ridges ("arms"). The lobes are twisted into weak spirals.
The diameter of specimens range from 3 millimeters to 5 centimeters.
Reconstruction and affinity.
"Tribrachidium" was originally described by Martin Glaessner as a problematic organism, one that is excluded from all known major groups of animals by its tri-radial symmetry. However, "Tribrachidium"'s superficial resemblance to edrioasteroid echinoderms was well known to researchers and discussed. Later, Glaessner rejected any putative affinities of this animal with any known phyla, leaving the status of its taxonomy uncertain. Originally, the various structures on the poorly preserved Australian specimens were interpreted as tentacles, peculiar arms and mouth, but later this interpretation was rejected.
With the discovery of the closely related "Albumares" and "Anfesta", along with the discoveries of much better-preserved Russian specimens, Mikhail Fedonkin proposed for these animals the new taxon, Trilobozoa – an extinct group of tri-radially symmetrical coelenterate-grade animals. Originally, Trilobozoa was erected as a separate class in the phylum Coelenterata, but since Coelenterata was divided into separate phyla Cnidaria and Ctenophora, the Trilobozoa have been transferred to the rank of phylum.
M. Fedonkin has shown that the fossil of "Tribrachidium" is an imprint of the upper side of the animal's body, with some elements of its external and internal anatomy. The radial furrows on the fossil are radial grooves on the surface of the alive animal, while the three hooked ridges in central part of the fossil are imprints of cavities within the body. "Tribrachidium" was a soft-bodied benthic organism that temporarily attached (but did not accrete) to the substrate of its habitat (microbial mats).

</doc>
<doc id="2890633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890633" title="Arcos de la Frontera">
Arcos de la Frontera

Arcos de la Frontera is a town in the province of Cádiz in southern Spain. It is located on the eastern bank of the Guadalete river, which flows to the Bay of Cadiz. The town commands a fine vista atop a sandstone ridge, from which the peak of San Cristobal and the Guadalete Valley can be seen. The town gained its name by being the frontier of Spain's 13th century battle with the Moors.
History.
There is local evidence that Stone Age cave-dwellers used rocks to form living chambers. Roman ruins also exist in the area.
Arcos became an independent Moorish taifa in 1011 during the protracted collapse of the Umayyad Caliphate of Córdoba. Arcos was associated with the Jerez by 'Abdun ibn Muhammad who ruled from c. 1029/1030 to 1053. The region was overtaken by the Almoravid dynasty in 1091. From 1145 to 1147 the region of Arcos and Jerez was briefly a taifa under dependency of Granada, led by Abu'l-Qasim Ahyal.
The town was a bulwark of Christianity after Alfonso the Wise of Castile (1252–1284) expelled the Moors. He constructed a Gothic cathedral which remains on its high ridge.
It is famed for its ten bells, which tolled throughout the war with the Moors. Several Moorish banners were taken in the nearby battle of Zahara and have been on display in a church in Arcos since 1483.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2890637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890637" title="David C. Turnley">
David C. Turnley

David Carl Turnley (born 22 June 1955 in Fort Wayne, Indiana) is an American photographer. 
His twin brother Peter Turnley is also a photographer.
Life and career.
David and Peter Turnley were born 22 June 1955 as sons of William Loyd Turnley and Elizabeth Ann Turnley (née Protsman) in Fort Wayne. David Turnley studied French literature at the University of Michigan, where he earned a B.A. in 1977. A fluent speaker of French and Spanish, he also has studied at the Sorbonne and Harvard University.
Turnley won the 1990 Pulitzer Prize for photography for images of the political uprisings in China and Eastern Europe, the World Press Photo Picture of the Year in 1988 for a photo taken in Leninakan after the devastating Spitak earthquake and again in 1991 for a picture of a U.S. Sergeant mourning the death of a fellow soldier during the Gulf War, as well as the Overseas Press Club Robert Capa Gold Medal. He has been a runner-up for the Pulitzer Prize in photography four times. 
From 1985 to 1997, Turnley covered the struggle to end Apartheid, revolutions in Eastern Europe, the student uprising in China, wars in Bosnia and in the Persian Gulf, and the fall of the Soviet Union. In addition to publishing numerous books, he has directed an Emmy-nominated documentary for CNN on the Dalai Lama, and a feature length documentary set in Cuban dance hall, "La Tropical". He directed the documentary "Shenandoah", released in 2012, about the 2008 murder and attempted cover up of an immigrant from Mexico by a group of local high school football stars from Shenandoah, Pennsylvania. 
Turnley is father of two children and lives with his wife Rachel in Ann Arbor, Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="2890644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890644" title="Balakot Tehsil">
Balakot Tehsil

Balakot Tehsil () is a subdivision of Mansehra District in the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.
Balakot is the main city of this area. It was one of the towns which was most damaged in the 2005 Kashmir earthquake on 8 October 2005 and an estimated 80% of the buildings there were destroyed. Villages were badly affected and landslides cut off thousands of people from Balakot where relief workers had been helping the survivors.
Administration.
Balakot Tehsil consists of 16 Union Councils:

</doc>
<doc id="2890646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890646" title="Marco Reich">
Marco Reich

Marco Reich (born 30 December 1977) is a retired German footballer.
Club career.
He made his professional debut in October 1996 with Kaiserslautern in the 2. Bundesliga and subsequently played five seasons for the club, four of them in the Bundesliga after they were promoted there in 1997. He also won the Bundesliga champions title with Kaiserslautern in 1998.
In the summer of 2001, he moved to Köln and spent one season with the club, making 24 Bundesliga appearances without scoring a goal. He then moved to Werder Bremen next summer, subsequently spending one season and a half with the club, but only making 17 Bundesliga appearances with no goals scored before moving to Derby County of then Football League First Division in January 2004. At Derby, he spent a bit more than one season and a half before moving to Crystal Palace in September 2005. The highlight of his time at Palace was arguably when he scored the winning goal to knock European champions Liverpool out of the 2005/06 League Cup.
Reich also won one international cap for Germany, playing 78 minutes in their 3–3 draw with Colombia in a friendly match played in Miami, Florida on 9 February 1999.
He has a reputation for starting strongly at clubs, before fading away and falling out of favour, as has been the case with his last three clubs. At Werder Bremen, he was earmarked as the replacement for Oliver Bierhoff in the German national team, before losing his first-team place and moving to Derby County on a free transfer. There, a series of virtuoso performances helped to keep the club in the Championship, and he also gave many autographs to fans. He eventually left the club in much the same way as Werder Bremen, signing for Crystal Palace. Marco then moved to German side Kickers Offenbach on 30 January 2007 on a free transfer.
He joined Walsall on a free transfer in August 2008 after being released by Offenbach following their relegation from the second tier of German football. On 2 May 2009, he signed a contract with Jagiellonia after being released by Walsall, He has recently been critical of the standard of football in the Ekstraklasa, comparing it to the lower divisions of the German League, although he did speak favourably about teams like Wisla Krakow and Lech Poznan. In January 2010, he signed for WAC St. Andrä.

</doc>
<doc id="2890648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890648" title="Arcosolium">
Arcosolium

An arcosolium is an arched recess used as a place of entombment. The word is from Latin "arcus", "arch", and "solium", "sill" (literally: "place of state").
Early arcosolia were carved out of the living rock in catacombs. In the very earliest of these, the arched recess was cut to ground level. Then a low wall would be built in the front, leaving a trough (the "cubiculum") in which to place the body. A flat stone slab would then cover the chamber containing the body, thus sealing it. The stone slab occasionally also served as an altar, especially for Christians. who celebrated Mass on them. In the later arcosolia, the arched recess was carved out to about waist height. Then the masons cut downwards to make the chamber into which the corpse would be placed. In effect, the trough was then a sarcophagus with living rock on five of its six faces. As before, a flat stone slab would then seal the chamber. 
From the 13th century onwards, and continuing into the Renaissance, arcosolia were built above ground, particularly in the walls of churches. In these post-Roman era recesses, which were built of brick and marble, the sarcophagi are usually separate from the arch. These tombs are highly ornamented in the styles of those periods; the Flamboyant Gothic, Plateresque, and High Renaissance styles are all represented.

</doc>
<doc id="2890657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890657" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 1325">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1325

United Nations Security Council resolution 1325, adopted unanimously on 31 October 2000, after recalling resolutions 1261 (1999), 1265 (1999), 1296 (2000) and 1314 (2000), the Council called for the adoption of a gender perspective that included the special needs of women and girls during repatriation and resettlement, rehabilitation, reintegration and post-conflict reconstruction.
It was the first formal and legal document from the United Nations Security Council that required parties in a conflict to respect women's rights and to support their participation in peace negotiations and in post-conflict reconstruction. The resolution was initiated by Netumbo Nandi-Ndaitwah, then Minister of Women's Affairs in Namibia when the country took its turn chairing the Security Council. After lobbying by dozens of women's organizations and the United Nations Development Fund for Women (UNIFEM), the resolution was adopted unanimously.
Resolution.
Observations.
The Security Council was concerned about civilians in armed conflict, particularly women and children, who constituted most of the victims and were increasingly targeted by armed elements. This in turn had an impact on the possibilities for peace and reconciliation. Women played an important role in the prevention and resolution of conflicts and therefore it was important that they were equally involved in the process of maintaining international peace and security. It was also recognised the need to adopt a gender perspective in peacekeeping operations and the training of personnel on women's rights.
Acts.
The resolution called upon all countries to allow increased representation for women at all levels. The Secretary-General Kofi Annan was requested to increase the participation of women at decision making levels in conflict resolution and peace process; appoint more women as Special Representatives and envoys; and expand their role in peacekeeping operations, particularly among military observers, police, human rights and humanitarian personnel. In this regard the Council expressed its willingness to incorporate a gender perspective into peacekeeping operations.
The Security Council called upon all parties involved in negotiating and implementing peace agreements had to take into account the special needs of women and girls in armed conflict, support women's peace initiatives and implement international humanitarian law and human rights law that respects the rights of women and girls. Parties to armed conflict were also urged to take measures to protect women and girls from gender-based violence such as rape and other forms of sexual abuse, and to respect the humanitarian nature of refugee camps and take the needs of women and girls into their design.
The resolution emphasised the responsibility of all countries to prosecute those responsible for crimes against them. During the disarmament, demobilisation and reintegration process, the differing needs of female and male ex-combatants had to be taken into account. Finally, the Secretary-General was requested to conduct a study concerning the impact of armed conflict upon women and girls, report its findings and on gender mainstreaming as a whole in United Nations peacekeeping missions. The resolution also calls upon all countries to respect fully international law applicable to the rights and protection of women and girls, in particular the obligation under the Geneva Convention of 1949 and Additional Protocol thereto of 1977, the Refugee convention of 1951 and the Protocol thereto of 1967, the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women and the Optional Protocol thereto of 1999, the Convention on the Rights of the Child and Optional Protocol on the Involvement of Children in Armed Conflict as well Optional Protocol on the Sale of Children, Child Prostitution and Child Pornography, to bear in mind the provitions of the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court.
Proponents and Critics.
Resolution 1325 was ground breaking in the sense that it brought women’s rights into the discussion of peace and security in the United Nations. This action of acknowledging the voices of organizations and women around the world showed understanding that protocol must be changed. “The NGO working group on Women Peaces and security seems to have been particularly influential in lobbying for resolution 1325” (Tryggestad, 2009). They did this by coming together and forming the NGOWG on Women, Peace and Security. Positioning themselves as the authority on women’s rights, consulting with Security Council members on the resolution and providing them with applicable information. Even after the resolution was adopted the collective still acts as a watchdog (Tryggestad, 2009). Incenting an alternate view into the hyper masculine structure of conflict and post conflicts resolutions. This NGO “advocates for the equal and full participation of women in all efforts to create and maintain international peace and security” ("Working Group on Women, Peace and Security " 2013). The group is active producing a monthly action points as outlines on their web page. This caucus brings a collection of outside perspective to the Security Council, that are in touch with the current issues women are encountering and the practical solutions that are able to working into the security discourse at the time. However critics point out that the parts of the resolutions such as having a Senior Gender Advisor leads all issues dealing with women’s rights separated from all other matter. Intern this would prevent “senior management getting involved in promoting a gender mainstreaming approach that would concern all sections and units, irrespective of their activities” (Puechguirbal 2010). The problem with this is that a Gender Adviser becomes synonymous with a women’s advised, further removing women from the discussion of peace and security. An example of this would be, “Political Affairs Division will organize meetings with representatives of male-dominated political parties but will omit to invite women. The perception is that the Senior Gender Advisor will convene separate meetings with women only” (Puechguirbal 2010). By not letting women into the discussion and only being able to going through their Gender Adviser it continues the male dominated system. Propionates of resolution 1325 still point out that it is being put into practice is a victory in its self, the changes are making progress. “An increasing number of Security Council resolutions include direct reference to resolution 1325” (Tryggestad, 2009). This may not be an immediate change, however it is change. Although critics suggest that the language its self used in the resolution does not help women, it victimizes them. Choosing language is extremely important; because that is how women have made gains through this resolution, it is important to be selective critics explain. “Despite its groundbreaking approach, Resolution 1325 uses this langue of victimization too, thus limiting the scope of its implementation” (Puechguirbal 2010). 
Related groups.
The Friends of 1325 is an informal or "ad hoc" group of United Nations Member States who formed as a result of the adoption of Resolution 1325 in order to advocate for the implementation of Resolution 1325; it is organized by Canada.
The NGO Working Group on Women, Peace and Security is a coalition of eighteen NGOs which collectively advocate for the equal and full participation of women in all efforts to create and maintain international peace and security. Formed in 2000 to call for a Security Council resolution on Women, Peace and Security, the NGOWG now focuses on implementation of all Security Council resolutions that address this issue. The NGOWG serves as a bridge between women’s human rights defenders working in conflict-affected situations and policy-makers at U.N. Headquarters.
One of the founding members of the NGO Working Group, PeaceWomen is a project sponsored by the WILPF to promote the implementation of Resolution 1325, through providing a centralized hub of information on information related to women, peace and security.
References.
NGOWG on Women, Peace and Security , "Working Group on Women, Peace and Security ." Last modified 2013. Accessed November 21, 2013. http://www.womenpeacesecurity.org/.
Puechguirbal, Nadine. “Peacekeeping, Peace building and Post-conflict Reconstruction.” In Gender Matters in Global Politics, edited by Katharine Sarikakis and Leslie Regan Shade, 161-175. London and New York: Routledge, 2010.
Tryggestad, Torunn L. 2009. "Trick Or Treat? the UN and Implementation of Security Council Resolution 1325 on Women, Peace, and Security." Global Governance 15 (4): 539-557.

</doc>
<doc id="2890658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890658" title="Dicus">
Dicus

Dicus is one of several spellings of a surname that has also been used to represent several apparently unrelated surnames. Other most common spellings of the surname Dicus with the same pronunciation as "Dicus" are "Dycus" and "Dicas".
The Dicus family in the United States is mostly descended from William and Mary Dicas, who emigrated from Chester, England, near the border of Wales, to Chestertown, on Maryland's Eastern Shore, a generation before the American Revolution. Three of their six children began the family's three major branches. John and his children moved into Pennsylvania and New York and then followed the Westward Expansion. James and his children moved across Chesapeake Bay to Baltimore and Ellicott City, Maryland, and many of their descendants remain in Maryland. Edward and his children moved to the Blue Ridge of Virginia and from there into the southern Appalachians and through the U.S. South. Dicus family etymology was a lifetime avocation of Rufus Dicus of Baltimore, who researched church records in the early to middle 1900s, and a cousin, Jacob Dicus 8th, has built on his work through extensive Internet research in recent years. The former thought the name might originally be Dutch, while the latter found a plausible Welsh derivation.
Etymology.
Wales.
The Welsh name "Deicws" was a pet form of "David" that has fallen out of common use. It has since evolved into a popular surname in Dodleston, Cheshire, England and Wales with the most popular spelling variations being "Dicas", "Dicus", and "Dycus". The Welsh version of the name seems to have emerged several times with related or unrelated Welshman emigrating to England and America. One English example is Thomas Dicas, a prominent book seller in London, born about 1633 in Dodleston who subsequently emigrated to London as an apprentice.
An American example is one James ap Deicws (spelled using the Welsh patronymic system,) who was born about 1709 and emigrated to America in servitude. Upon arriving in America, his name became James Dicas, the name later evolving to "Dicus". "Deicws" was usually changed to "Dicus" in the northern United States. and to "Dycus" in the southern United States.
The Netherlands.
The Dutch name "Dijk Huis", (Dykehouse) appears in the United States in the 1900s, and was also changed to "Dicus" and "Dycus" upon or after immigration.
Other antecedents.
The surnames "Dykes" and "DeCaus" (DeCaux?) seem to have also evolved into "Dicas", "Dicus" and "Dycus" in some instances.
Uses other than as a surname.
"Dicas" is also a proper word in other languages including Latin, French, and Portuguese.

</doc>
<doc id="2890669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890669" title="Ardres">
Ardres

Ardres is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France.
Geography.
Ardres is located 10.1 mi by rail (station is at Pont-d'Ardres, a few km from Ardres) S.S.E. of Calais, with which it is also connected by a canal (very limited turning space). It is one of three towns known as the Les Trois Pays ("the Three Countries"), the other two being Guînes and Licques.
History.
Ardes, the first town in the French king's land, has a rich and vibrant history as a military and trading post for the English from 1347 to 1558.
The "Field of the Cloth of Gold", where Henry VIII of England and Francis I of France met in 1520, was at Balinghem in the immediate neighbourhood. The town is an important market for cattle.
Population.
The inhabitants are called "Ardrésiens".
Sights.
Major tourist attractions at Ardres include the Chapelle des Carmes and the Eglise Notre Dame de Grâce.
There are also some lakes (created when peat was removed) which provide fishing and sailing.

</doc>
<doc id="2890675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890675" title="FalconSAT">
FalconSAT

FalconSAT is the name of the United States Air Force Academy's small satellite engineering program. Satellites are designed, built, tested, and operated by Academy cadets. The project is administered by the USAFA Space Systems Research Center under the direction of the Department of Astronautics. Most of the cadets who work on the project are pursuing a bachelor of science degree in astronautical engineering, although students from other disciplines (typically electrical engineering, mechanical engineering, or computer science) join the project.
Compared to most commercial satellite projects, FalconSat is considerably lower budget, and follows a very accelerated development cycle. Because of the near total personnel turnover every year (the program is generally a senior cadet project, and graduating cadets must be replaced yearly) it forces the cadet engineers to very quickly learn and become familiar with the satellite systems to which they are assigned.
FalconSAT has a sister project, FalconLaunch, to design and develop sounding rocket class vehicles.
Satellites.
For up to date information regarding on-going operations for FalconSAT-3 and FalconSAT-5, please refer to the USAFA Astro Facebook Page.

</doc>
<doc id="2890683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890683" title="Fake Shemp">
Fake Shemp

Fake Shemp or simply Shemp, is the term for someone who appears in a film as a replacement for another actor or person. Their appearance is disguised using methods such as heavy make-up, filming from the back, or perhaps only showing an arm or a foot.
Origin.
The term references the comedy trio The Three Stooges. In 1955, Stooge Shemp Howard died suddenly of a heart attack. At the time, the Stooges still had four shorts left to deliver ("Rumpus in the Harem", "Hot Stuff", "Scheming Schemers", and "Commotion on the Ocean"), by the terms of their annual contract with Columbia Pictures. By this point in the trio's career, budget cuts at Columbia had forced them to make heavy use of stock footage from previously completed shorts anyway, so they were able to complete the films without Shemp. New footage was filmed of the other two Stooges (Moe Howard and Larry Fine) and edited together with stock footage. When continuity required that Shemp appear in these new scenes, they used Shemp's stand-in Joe Palma to be a body double for him, often appearing only from behind or with an object obscuring his face. Palma became the original "Fake Shemp," although the term was not officially in use at the time.
The Stooge films.
"Rumpus in the Harem".
For "Rumpus in the Harem", Palma is seen from the back several times. The first time occurs in the restaurant when Moe declares that the trio must do something to help their sweethearts. Larry then concludes the conversation by saying "I've got it, I've got it!" Moe inquires with "What?" Larry replies, "a terrific headache!" Later, Palma is seen from the back being chased in circles by the palace guard. A few lines of dialogue appear — "Whoa, Moe, Larry! Moe, help!" — by dubbing Shemp's voice from the soundtracks of "Fuelin' Around "and "Blunder Boys". Palma was later seen from the side when staring up at the Harem girls (they allowed half his face to be shown because he was farther from the camera than Moe or Larry).
Palma is seen one final time, making a mad dash for the open window, and supplying his own yell before making the final jump. This was one of the few times during his tenure as Shemp's double that Palma was required to speak without the aid of dubbing.
"Hot Stuff".
For "Hot Stuff", Palma is seen several times. The first time occurs when the Stooges, disguised in beards, are trolling through office hallways. Moe instructs Shemp to pursue a suspicious looking girl, to which Palma grunts "Right!" He then walks off-camera, allowing Moe and Larry to finish the scene by themselves. This is the only time Palma allowed his face to be seen on-camera. As he was purposely wearing a beard, his face is successfully concealed.
Later, Palma is seen from the back while the boys are locked in the laboratory. Palma attempts to imitate Shemp's famed cry of "Heep, heep, heep!". Again, Moe directs Shemp, this time to guard the door. Palma obliges, mutters a few additional "Heep, heep, heeps!," and conveniently hides behind the door. This was another one of the few times during his tenure as Shemp's double that Palma was required to speak without the aid of dubbing.
"Scheming Schemers".
For "Scheming Schemers", Palma appears for the shot of "Shemp" honking a truck horn. Palma then gathers several pipes, obstructing his face. Palma then gets a line of dialogue—"Hold yer horses, will ya?"—by dubbing in Shemp's voice from the soundtrack of "The Ghost Talks". Shemp is absent from several scenes. In one scene, upon hearing that a valuable piece of art has been stolen, Larry whispers to Moe, "Where's Shemp? He likes pictures!"
"Commotion on the Ocean".
For "Commotion on the Ocean", Palma appears in only one new shot during the newspaper office scene. After Larry says, "Oh, I know Smitty: 'Under the spreading chestnut tree, the village smitty stands'," Moe slaps him. Palma gets involved in the slapstick exchange and shields himself in defense, obstructing his face. 
Other new footage throughout the film consists of Moe and Larry working as a duo, often discussing Shemp's absence aloud:
First usage.
Aspiring filmmaker Sam Raimi, a professed Stooges fan, coined the term in his first feature-length movie "The Evil Dead". Most of his crew and cast abandoned the project after major delays (mostly due to budget issues) pushed production well beyond the scheduled six weeks. He was forced to use himself, his die-hard friends Bruce Campbell, Rob Tapert, Josh Becker, assistant David Goodman, and brother Ted Raimi as "fake Shemps".
Sam Raimi's later productions in film and TV have also often used the term to refer to stand-ins or nameless characters. For example, 15 fake Shemps were included in the credits for "Army of Darkness", Raimi's second sequel to "The Evil Dead". The description is sometimes modified in the final credits; in "Darkman", Bruce Campbell's quick cameo in the final scene is credited as "Final Shemp", and Campbell was also credited as "Shemp Wooley" (a pun on singer Sheb Wooley) when doing the voice of "Jean-Claude the Carrier Parrot" in the short-lived TV series "Jack of All Trades".
Examples.
There have been many Fake Shemps over the years. One of the earliest is director Ed Wood's use of his wife's chiropractor, Tom Mason, in 1959's "Plan 9 from Outer Space" as a stand-in for the deceased Bela Lugosi. 
Another example is from "Back to the Future Part II" when Crispin Glover was asked to reprise the role of George McFly. Glover indicated interest, but could not come to an agreement with the producers regarding his salary. For the George McFly character to appear, director Robert Zemeckis used some previously filmed footage of Glover from the first film and inter-spliced Jeffrey Weissman, who wore prosthetics including a false chin, nose, and cheekbones and used various obfuscating methods, such as background, sunglasses, rear shot, and even upside-down, to resemble Glover. Dissatisfied with these plans, Glover filed a lawsuit against the producers, including Steven Spielberg, on the grounds that they neither owned his likeness nor had permission to use it. Due to Glover's lawsuit, there are now clauses in the Screen Actors Guild collective bargaining agreements which state that producers and actors are not allowed to use such methods to reproduce the likeness of other actors.
External links.
See also "Dark Horse Comic", AOD #2 of 3, interview with Bruce Campbell

</doc>
<doc id="2890684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890684" title="Aremberg">
Aremberg

Aremberg is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="2890691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890691" title="You're Breaking My Heart">
You're Breaking My Heart

"You're Breaking My Heart" is a popular song. The song was published in 1948. Though credited to Pat Genaro and Sunny Skylar, (With acknowledgements to the owners of the copyright in "Tis the Day") the song is just an American version of the famous Italian song 'Mattinata' written by Ruggero Leoncavallo in the beginning of 20th century.
Popular versions on the charts in 1949 included recordings by Vic Damone, The Ink Spots, Buddy Clark, and Jan Garber.
The Vic Damone recording was released by Mercury Records as catalog number 5271. The flip side was "Four Winds and Seven Seas." The recording first entered the "Billboard" chart on June 10, 1949, lasting 26 weeks and peaking at position #1. 
The Ink Spots' recording featuring Bill Kenny (June 27, 1949) was released by Decca Records as catalog number 24693. The recording first entered the "Billboard" chart on August 12, 1949, lasting 14 weeks and peaking at position #9. 
The Buddy Clark recording was recorded on June 21, 1949, and released by Columbia Records as catalog number 38546. The recording first entered the "Billboard" chart on September 2, 1949, lasting 13 weeks and peaking at position #9. 
The Jan Garber recording was released by Capitol Records as catalog number 719 with "Now That I Need You" on the flip side. The recording first entered the "Billboard" chart on September 23, 1949, lasting two weeks and peaking at position #26. 
The song was also recorded by Ralph Flanagan and his orchestra, with vocalist Harry Prime, on August 18, 1949, and released by the Bluebird Records subsidiary of RCA Victor Records as catalog number 30-0001. 
Keely Smith's remake made the British Top 20 in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="2890699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890699" title="In Search of Stupidity">
In Search of Stupidity

In Search of Stupidity: Over 20 Years of High-Tech Marketing Disasters is a book written by Merrill Rick Chapman, first published in 2003. This book explores, in a humorous tone, the art and science of management used by high-technology companies.
"In Search of Stupidity" is a parody of "In Search of Excellence". Its central thesis is that the most determinant factor for success in the high-tech market is avoidance of stupid mistakes. It tries to exemplify that it is possible to set up an industry wide doctrine without solid base. This book's existence could be interpreted that a good manager should not trust any single doctrine for management, and even traditional common sense might work better than a strict doctrine based on poor data.

</doc>
<doc id="2890700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890700" title="Tom Connally">
Tom Connally

Thomas Terry "Tom" Connally (August 19, 1877October 28, 1963) was an American politician, who represented Texas in both the U.S. Senate and the House of Representatives, as a member of the Democratic Party. He served in the US House of Representatives from 19171928, and the U.S. Senate from 19291953.
Early life and education.
His family home still stands and has a Texas State Historical Survey Committee marker on the front of the house.
Connally studied at Baylor University, and later attended the University of Texas School of Law. While there, Connally was a close friend of future Governor of Texas Pat Neff and future United States Senator Morris Sheppard.
Personal life.
Connally's first wife was Cincinnati Conservatory trained vocalist Louise Clarkson of Marlin, Texas, who died in her husband's Senate office of a sudden heart attack in 1935. Their son was Houston attorney Ben Clarkson Connally, a U.S. district judge. Connally was a widower when he married the former Lucile Sanderson, the widow of the other Texas senator, Morris Sheppard of Texarkana.
Relatives.
Connally was the step-grandfather of Lucile's grandson, Connie Mack, III, a Republican U.S. Senator from Florida (1989–2001), and the step-great-grandfather of Mack's son, Connie Mack, IV, former U.S. Representative from Florida.
He was the first cousin twice removed of Governor John B. Connally, Jr..
Professional accomplishments.
The Connally Hot Oil Act of 1935 bears his name. The bill attempted to circumvent the Supreme Court of the United States' rejection of a key part of New Deal legislation.
As Chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, he was instrumental in the ratification of the treaty creating the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. He was also a member and vice-chairman to the United Nations Conference on International Organization in 1945 that chartered the United Nations.
A confidential 1943 analysis of the Foreign Relations Committee by Isaiah Berlin for the British Foreign Office stated of Connally:
Connally was the author of the noted "Connally Reservation," which amended the U.S. ratification of the U.N. charter to bar the International Court of Justice from having jurisdiction over domestic matters '"as determined by the United States"'. The self-defining proviso was and is seen as something of a repudiation of the authority of the world court. From an American perspective, the proviso would protect the U.S. against potential overreach by the international group.
On October 20, 1951, when General Mark Wayne Clark was nominated by President Harry Truman to be the U.S. emissary to the Holy See, Connally protested against the decision along with other Protestant groups and Clark later withdrew his nomination on January 13, 1952.
Death.
Connally died on October 28, 1963. He is buried in Marlin, Texas next to his first wife in Calvary Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="2890701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890701" title="Augustine Eguavoen">
Augustine Eguavoen

Augustine Owen Eguavoen (born 19 August 1965 in Sapele, Nigeria) is a former professional footballer and was most recently manager of Nigeria national under-23 football team.
Eguavoen is the former manager of the Nigerian national football team.
Playing career.
During his varied career Eguavoen began his career with ACB Lagos in his native Nigeria, some impressive performances gained him a move to Gent in 1986. He went onto play for K.V. Kortrijk, CD Ourense, Sacramento Scorpions, Torpedo Moscow and finished his career in Malta with Sliema Wanderers.
International career.
Eguavoen was a member of the Nigeria squad that qualified for the country's first ever World Cup in 1994, and won the African Nations Cup in the same year.
Coaching career.
Sliema Wanderers.
Eguavoen began his coaching career in Malta with Sliema Wanderers, he was given the job for the 2000–01 season, and guided the club to a 2nd place finish.
Nigeria.
Eguavoen was appointed the caretaker coach of Nigeria in June, 2005 with his coaching staff including Samson Siasia, Daniel Amokachi and Ike Shorunmu.
Black Leopards.
Eguavoen then moved to South Africa, to take over Premier Soccer League side Black Leopards in March, 2008.
Enyimba International.
In the 2008-09 season, Eguavoen was Head Coach at Enyimba International in Aba, however he left soon after, leading them to a 3rd place finish in league and winning the Federation Cup.
Return to Nigeria.
In June 2010, the Nigeria Football Federation asked Eguavoen to replace Swedish Lars Lagerbäck until he decide his future plans. He was brought in as caretaker manager but said that he has no intention of submitting an application to take the role on a permanent basis. Eguavoen was also appointed as the Head Coach of the Nigeria national under-23 football team in August 2010. He expected his team would have a qualification for the 2012 London Olympic Games, but they were knocked out in the group stage. On 5 December 2011, he resigned from his job following the failure to secure the Olympics ticket.
On 27 October 2012 he was named manager of Sharks F.C. to allow John Obuh to concentrate on the Nigeria Under-20 team. He resigned however after seven games when the team started at the bottom of the table. He signed in April 2013 to coach Nigeria National League side COD United.
In November of 2013 he was hired by the Edo State government to coach Bendel Insurance with the intent of getting them back to the Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="2890708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890708" title="Paul Kletzki">
Paul Kletzki

Paul Kletzki (21 March 19005 March 1973) was a Polish conductor and composer.
Born Paweł Klecki in Łódź, Poland, he later adopted the German spelling Paul Kletzki. He joined its Philharmonic Orchestra at the age of fifteen. After serving in the First World War, he studied philosophy at the University of Warsaw before moving to Berlin in 1921 to continue his studies. During the 1920s his compositions were championed by Arturo Toscanini; and Wilhelm Furtwängler, who permitted Kletzki to conduct the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra in 1925. Because he was Jewish, he left Nazi Germany in 1933 and moved to Italy, however due to the anti-semitism of the Italian Fascist regime he moved to the Soviet Union in 1936. He later went to live in Switzerland.
Kletzki's most notable work is his Third Symphony, completed in October 1939, with the subtitle 'In memoriam'. It is an elegiac work interpreted as a moving monument to the victims of Nazism. Other works include three string quartets, a Sinfonietta for strings, a Fantasy for piano, and a sonata for violin and piano. From 1942 onwards Kletzki wrote no more compositions; he argued that Nazism had destroyed his spirit and his will to compose. During the Holocaust a number of Kletzki's family were murdered by the Nazis including his parents and his sister.
In the post-war years Kletzki was a renowned conductor, especially of Gustav Mahler. In 1954 he was appointed chief conductor of the Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra. Between 1958 and 1961 he was principal conductor of the Dallas Symphony Orchestra. From 1966 until 1970 he was the General Music Director of the Orchestre de la Suisse Romande.

</doc>
<doc id="2890710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890710" title="Jersey general election, 2005">
Jersey general election, 2005

Elections were held in 2005 for both Senators and Deputies to the States of Jersey.
Senator Elections.
The elections for Senator were held on 19 October 2005. 6 seats were available. At the Electoral Assembly held on 13 September 2005, 15 candidates were nominated for the 6 available seats: 
Only one female candidate sought nomination. Two declared parties put forward candidates: the Jersey Democratic Alliance and the Centre Party.
Deputy Elections.
The election for Deputies was held on 23 November. Electoral assemblies were held in all parishes on 25 October. 52 candidates were nominated in contested elections for 23 seats.

</doc>
<doc id="2890713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890713" title="Mount Jukes Mine sites">
Mount Jukes Mine sites

The Mount Jukes Mine sites were a series of short-lived, small mine workings high on the upper regions of Mount Jukes in the West Coast Range on the West Coast of Tasmania, Australia.
"Upper Lake Jukes", and "Lake Jukes" had short lived mining companies incorporating the names of the lakes.
These mine sites (including "Jukes Proprietary" on the Northern edge of Mount Jukes above the King River Gorge) are examples of early twentieth century ingenuity where all equipment was transported with difficulty up small tracks from locations such as Crotty. 
Access to parts of the slopes of Mount Jukes have been assisted by the construction of the Mount Jukes road by the HEC following their construction of the King River Dam and the impoundment of Lake Burbury.
List of mines.
This list incorporates mines on Mount Darwin as the mineral zone of Mount Jukes is frequently cited as the Jukes-Darwin mineral zone.

</doc>
<doc id="2890716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890716" title="John Huddleston">
John Huddleston

Father John Huddleston (15 April 1608 – buried 13 September 1698) was a monk of the Order of St. Benedict who helped Charles II during his escape and was present when Charles converted to the Catholic faith on his deathbed.
Early life and education.
John Huddleston was born at Farington Hall, Lancashire, the second son of Joseph Huddleston from Hutton John, near Penrith in Cumberland. He was educated at the school at Great Blencow nearby, until he was fifteen. When he was twenty he was sent to St Omer's College, and on 17 October 1632, entered the English College in Rome.
Chaplain to Thomas Whitgreave.
In 1651 he was staying at Moseley Old Hall, Staffordshire, as chaplain to Thomas Whitgreave's family, prominent local Catholics. After the defeat at the Battle of Worcester on 3 September 1651, Charles II was taken conducted by Colonel Gifford to Whiteladies Priory on Gifford's Boscobel estate. At Whiteladies, the King was sheltered by the five Penderell brothers who lived there. John Penderell happened to meet Father Huddleston, who suggested that the King should go to Moseley Old Hall on the night of 7 September. Huddleston cleaned and bandaged the King's sore feet. On 9 September, Parliamentary troops questioned Whitgreave, while the King and Huddleston were hiding in the priest-hole. The troops were persuaded that Whitgreave had not fought at Worcester (though he had fought and been captured at the Battle of Naseby in 1645). The troops left without searching the house.
The Benedictines of the Spanish Congregation.
Before the King left to meet Jane Lane at Bentley Hall, he promised to look after Huddleston when restored to his throne. Some time after this Huddleston joined the Benedictines of the Spanish Congregation. After the Restoration in 1660, Huddleston was invited to live at Somerset House, London, under the protection of Queen Henrietta Maria. After her death in 1669, he was appointed chaplain to Queen Catherine, with a salary of £100 a year. During the disturbances produced by Titus Oates's pretended revelations, the House of Lords voted on 7 December 1678 that Huddleston, Thomas Whitgreave, the brothers Penderell, and others involved in Charles II's escape should "for their said service live as freely as any of the King's Protestant subjects, without being liable to the penalties of any of the laws relating to Popish recusants".
When Charles II lay dying on the evening of 5 February 1684-5, Duke of York brought Huddleston to his bedside, saying, "Sire, this good man once saved your life. He now comes to save your soul." Charles declared that he wished to die in the faith and communion of the Holy Roman Catholic Church. Huddleston then heard the King's confession, reconciled him to the Church and absolved him, afterwards administering Extreme Unction and the Viaticum. On the accession of James II, Huddleston continued to stay with the Queen Catherine at Somerset House.
Illness and death.
Shortly before his death his mind failed and he was placed in the charge of a trustee. He was buried in the churchyard of St Mary-le-Strand.
Several portraits of Huddleston exist: Houseman's done in 1685 is at Hutton John; another is at Sawston Hall, Cambridgeshire.

</doc>
<doc id="2890718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890718" title="Jodee Rich">
Jodee Rich

John David "Jodee" Rich (born 1960) is an Australian businessman, the CEO and founder of social analytics and influence measurement provider PeopleBrowsr and the creator of new TLDs dotCEO, dotBest and dotKred.
Family.
Rich was born to a German Jewish father, Steven Rich, who in 1963 settled in Australia to manage Hunter Douglas, a venetian blind manufacturer, and an Australian mother. Steven went on to create the Traveland travel agency, was the deputy chairman of the Salvation Army in 1971 and was awarded an Order of Australia in 2001. He subsequently created Focus Publishing.
Education.
Jodee Rich wrote his first software program on punch cards in 1972 at the age of 12. He was educated at Cranbrook School in Bellevue Hill, Sydney. During his Cranbrook days Rich started a business renting fish tanks. At Cranbrook he met Rodney Adler who would become a director of One.Tel. In 1980 Rich developed a commodity analysis system on 64k Apple II, which he later sold to investment banks. He studied Accounting, Economics and Computer Science at University of Sydney, earning a BEc in 1981.
Marriage.
Rich married Maxine in 1987, a corporate lawyer who has sat on the board of a public company, Neverfail Springwater, and has served as a member of the Takeovers Panel, a government body involved in the resolution of sharemarket disputes.
Corporate achievements.
Imagineering.
In 1981, Rich launched Imagineering Australia and the company was floated in 1987.  Shares in Imagineering peaked at $8 but the company sold to a Hong Kong group for 10c a share in 1990.
One.Tel.
Rich formed One.Tel, a service provider of GSM mobile and long distance calls, in Australia in 1995 (with James Packer as a shareholder) competing against Telstra and Optus. The company acquired a GSM operation for $500 million in 2000. One.Tel Australia was placed in administration in May 2001. One.Tel UK was sold to British Gas for $200 million and is still tradiing.
Beginning in December 2001, Rich was the defendant in legal proceedings brought by the Australian Securities and Investment Commission (ASIC). During the case, known as ASIC v Rich, Rich was in the witness box for over 33 days. Justice Austin later said in his judgment Rich "demonstrated that he was a very well prepared witness, knowledgeable about the subject matter of his evidence, who responded to questions thoughtfully and clearly, sometimes even perceptively. This was notwithstanding the arduous circumstances of his cross examination, extending over 25 days". His father died two weeks before Rich gave evidence in the case.
Rich was exonerated on 18 November 2009 when Justice Robert Austin ruled that ASIC had "failed to prove any aspect of its pleaded case."
PeopleBrowsr and Kred.
In 2007, Rich founded PeopleBrowsr. In 2011, PeopleBrowsr launched Kred Influence Measurement.
dotCEO.
On 27 March 2013, Rich launched the TLD dotCEO. It is marketed to CEOs.

</doc>
<doc id="2890720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890720" title="Maryla Rodowicz">
Maryla Rodowicz

Maryla Rodowicz (born Maria Antonina Rodowicz, 8 December 1945 in Zielona Góra) is a Polish singer.
Early life.
She studied at "Liceum Ziemi Kujawskiej" (Cuiavian Soil High School) in Włocławek and graduated from the "Akademia Wychowania Fizycznego" (Academy of Physical Education) in Warsaw. In her youth she participated in athletics among other things at "Kujawiak Włocławek".
Personal life.
She has three children, Jan Jasinski (born in 1979) and Katarzyna Jasinska (born in 1982) with her first husband, Krzysztof Jasinski. She also has a son Andrzej Dluzynski (born in 1987) with her second (and present) husband Andrzej Dlużyński.
Career.
Her career began in 1967, after winning first prize at the "Festiwal Piosenki i Piosenkarzy Studenckich" (Student Songs and Singers' Festival) in Kraków. Two years later she recorded her first well-known song, "Mówiły mu" ("The girls told him", English version known as "Love Doesn't Grow On Trees"), and in 1970 - her first longplay. In 1973, she gained popularity with the song "Małgośka" with lyrics by Agnieszka Osiecka. A year later, during the World Cup Opening Ceremony in Munich, she performed a song "Futbol" ("Football").
The singer's body of work comprises over 600 recorded songs, with over 20 Polish albums as well as albums in English, Czech, German and Russian. Apart from "Małgośka", the artist's most famous songs are "Niech żyje bal" ("Long live the ball"), "To już było" ("Done that"), "Wielka Woda" ("Great water"), "Rozmowa przez ocean" ("Talk over the ocean"), "Bossanova do poduszki" ("Bedside bossa nova"), "Łatwopalni" ("Inflammables") and her latest album's hits such as "Wszyscy chcą kochać" ("Everybody wants to love") and "Będzie co ma być" ("What is to be, will be"). In 2005 she recorded an album "Kochać" ("To love") with lyrics by Katarzyna Nosowska. On the occasion of World Cup 2006, she recorded a song "Za Janasa" ("For Janas") with Nosowska's lyrics.
Rodowicz has performed in concert worldwide: in Europe, America, Australia, and Asia. She has won awards for her singing. She has also participated in various festivals including outside the borders of Poland, for example in Oklahoma City, Tulsa, and Los Angeles, as well as in Poland including the "Festiwal Piosenki i Piosenkarzy Studenckich" (Student Songs and Singers' Festival) in Kraków and the "Krajowy Festiwal Piosenki Polskiej" (National Polish Song Festival) in Opole.
Rodowicz is also an actress who has performed in several movies and in musical entertainment. She regularly performs in a Polsat TV channel series "Rodzina zastępcza" ("Foster Family").
In 1992 she released her autobiography under the title of "Niech żyje bal".
Songs.
The notable "Polish Madonna" written by Agnieszka Osiecka (an emotional portrait of an average Polish woman trying to make ends meet) contains clear Catholic symbolism and references to the social circumstances characteristic to Poland in the late eighties that marked the end of the communist era in Poland. In this song, the author questions whether the "Polish Madonna" (or, in other words, the Catholic Saint Mary, usually portrayed as holding baby Jesus in her arms) has enough money to pay for rent, promising her that the child will get a welcome allowance to the public kindergarten. The old communist promises are never fulfilled for her, and her dreams of having a lipstick "made in France" can only come true in her dreams. The song won the journalists' prize at the Opole festival in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="2890724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890724" title="Supreme Court of Illinois">
Supreme Court of Illinois

The Supreme Court of Illinois is the state supreme court of the state of Illinois. The court's authority is granted in Article VI of the current Illinois Constitution, which provides for seven justices elected from the five appellate judicial districts of the state: Three justices from the First District (Cook County) and one from each of the other four districts. Each justice is elected for a term of ten years and the chief justice is elected by the court from its members for a three-year term.
Jurisdiction.
The court has limited original jurisdiction and has final appellate jurisdiction. It has mandatory jurisdiction in capital cases and cases where the constitutionality of laws has been called into question, and discretionary jurisdiction from the Illinois Appellate Court. Along with the state legislature, the court promulgates rules for all state courts. Also, its members have the authority to elevate trial judges to the appellate court on a temporary basis. The court administers professional discipline through the Attorney Registration and Disciplinary Committee and they govern initial licensing through the Illinois Board of Admissions to the Bar.
The official reporter of the Illinois Supreme Court is "Illinois Reports".
Justices.
While the justices of many states' supreme courts are expected to relocate to the state capital for the duration of their terms of office, the justices of the Illinois Supreme Court continue to reside in their home districts and have chambers in their respective appellate districts (for example, the three First District justices are chambered in the Michael Bilandic Building in Chicago). The justices travel to Springfield to hear oral arguments and deliberate. Accordingly, the Illinois Supreme Courthouse includes temporary apartments for the justices' use while in Springfield.

</doc>
<doc id="2890725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890725" title="Pimlico Mystery">
Pimlico Mystery

The Pimlico Mystery or the Pimlico Poisoning Mystery is the name given to the circumstances surrounding the 1886 death of Thomas Edwin Bartlett, possibly at the hands of his wife, Adelaide Blanche Bartlett, in the Pimlico district of London. A fatal quantity of chloroform was found in Mr Bartlett's stomach, despite having not caused any damage to his throat or windpipe, and no evidence of how it got there. Adelaide Bartlett was tried for her husband's murder and was acquitted. By the jury's own statement in court Mrs Bartlett's acquittal was partly secured because the prosecution could not prove how Mrs Bartlett could have committed the crime.
Background.
The heart of the Pimlico Mystery is the odd relationship between a wealthy grocer, Mr. Thomas Edwin Bartlett (1845–1886), his younger French-born wife Adelaide Blanche de la Tremoille (born 1855), and the Reverend George Dyson, Adelaide's tutor and the couple's spiritual counselor and friend. Dyson was a Wesleyan minister, and (if the story Adelaide and Dyson told is true) was encouraged to openly romance Adelaide Bartlett by Edwin's permission. Edwin himself was suffering several unpleasant illnesses (including rotting teeth and possibly tapeworms). Edwin was supposedly something of a faddist, believing in animal magnetism as a key to health; but again, his reported eccentricities are partly based on what was learnt from Adelaide and Dyson, both of whom may have had reasons to lie. Adelaide's father was rumoured to be a wealthy and possibly even titled member of Queen Victoria's entourage, which had indeed visited France in 1855, possibly Adolphe Collot de la Tremouille, Comte de Thouars
d'Escury. Adelaide is sometimes recorded as being born illegitimately in Orléans in 1855.
The marriage of a Clara Chamberlain and Adolphe Collot de Thomas (sic) d'Escury is recorded in the BMD index March quarter 1853, lending weight to the supposition that Adelaide was not illegitimate. BMD records Adolphe's death (under the surname De Escury) in the Pancras district of London in the June quarter of 1860. In the 1861 census, Clara is a widow and is living with children Henry (7), Adelaide (5), Frederick (3) and Clara (1), as well as her unmarried sister Ellen Chamberlain (17) RG9/163 Folio 97 Page 10 Havelock Road, South Hackney, where the three elder children are recorded as being born in France. BMD lists Clara's death at the age of 33, in the Pancras district also, in the December quarter of 1866. In the 1871 census the orphaned Adelaide (surname enumerated as de Thours) is adopted daughter to a William H and Ann Wellbeloved, William being a confectioner. Her brother Frederick (as Freddy) is a boarder in the same household (High Street, Hampton Wick, Middlesex RG10/866 Folio 7 Page 5). Adelaide is listed as being Assistant to the Confectioner, and born in St Cloud, a district of Paris, rather than Orleans (as is her brother Freddy).
Edwin and Adelaide were married in 1875. According to Adelaide, it was intended to be a platonic marriage, but in 1881 she had a stillborn baby by Edwin; Edwin had refused her (female) nurse's advice to call a (male) doctor during a difficult labour because he didn't want another man "to interfere with her". Early in 1885, they met Dyson as the local Wesleyan minister and he became a frequent visitor. Edwin made Dyson executor of his will, in which he left his entire estate to Adelaide, on condition that she didn't remarry (a common stipulation in those days). Later Edwin redrew the will, four months before he died, removing the bar on Adelaide remarrying.
Towards the end of 1885 Adelaide asked Dyson to get some chloroform that was prescribed by the doctor treating Edwin, Dr. Alfred Leach. Leach would later admit that he prescribed it reluctantly, but at the insistence of his patient. Under the laws of the day regarding purchasing large amounts of potential medical poisons, one had to sign a book at chemist's pharmacy as a record - but not if the amounts purchased were small; Dyson bought four small bottles of chloroform instead of one large bottle, and bought them in several shops, claiming that he needed it to remove grease stains. Only after Edwin's death, did Dyson claim to suddenly realize how suspicious his actions were.
On New Year's Eve, December 31, 1885, Edwin Bartlett returned from a visit to the dentist and went to sleep alongside Adelaide in their Pimlico flat. Just before 4am the next morning Adelaide asked their maid to fetch Dr Leach, fearing Edwin was dead, before rousing the landlady. Edwin's stomach was filled with liquid chloroform. It is just possible that the stories of Edwin's alleged suicide might have been believed and his death considered free of foul play, except that his father, who had always detested Adelaide and had earlier accused her of having an affair with Edwin's younger brother, became extremely suspicious and persuaded authorities to look into the death. 
An inquest returned a verdict of willful murder by Adelaide Bartlett, with George Dyson being an accessory before the fact, and they were both arrested.
Trial.
The trial opened on 12 April 1886, attracting great press coverage both in the UK and abroad. At the opening of the trial charges were read out against both George Dyson and Adelaide, but the prosecution immediately asked for the charges against Dyson to be dropped and he was formally acquitted. This enabled the prosecution to call him as a prosecution witness, but also made it possible for the defence to take advantage of his testimony.
Adelaide Bartlett was extremely fortunate in her choice of barrister: Sir Edward Clarke, possibly the finest barrister of late Victorian England. His taking on the case was rumoured to be due to Adelaide's mysterious father's intervention. He was able to show sufficient ambiguities against the deceased to make the suicide theory barely possible. His tactics with Dr. Leach, the elder Bartlett (who was revealed to have a mercenary, ulterior motive towards his son's estate), and Reverend Dyson were sufficient to gain his client an acquittal. It should be pointed out that the prosecution in this classic poisoning case was in the hands (as was traditional in England and Wales until 1957) of the current Attorney General, Clarke's great rival Sir Charles Russell, but that the latter was involved with Liberal Party policies and politics connected to Parnell's Home Rule campaign for Ireland; therefore, Clarke did not have his rival at that rival's top legal game. The "suicide" theory gained ground, despite evidence given that on the last evening of his life, Edwin Bartlett told his maid to have a sumptuous dinner prepared for him on the next day - hardly the action of a man contemplating suicide.
Adelaide was not able to testify in her own defence (something not possible for defendants until the Criminal Evidence Act 1898) and the defence called no witnesses, although it did give a six hour closing statement to the court.
The main forensic aid to Mrs. Bartlett is that liquid chloroform burns. It cannot pass down to the stomach without burning the sides of the throat and the larynx. Edwin did not have such burns on his body; this suggests that he was actually able (somehow) to gulp the chloroform down quickly. It bolstered the suicide theory a little, for such rapid drinking suggested that the drinker rushed the poisoned drink down. When the jury returned to court after considering its verdict the foreman said: "although we think grave
suspicion is attached to the prisoner, we do not think there is sufficient evidence to show how or by whom the chloroform was administered." The foreman then confirmed that the verdict was not guilty, which was greeted with "rapturous applause", public opinion having moved in Adelaide's favour during the course of the trial.
The issue of how the poison got into Edwin's stomach without burning him internally in the throat led the famous surgeon, Sir James Paget, to make his famous quip 
Postscript.
After the trial both Adelaide Bartlett and Reverend George Dyson vanished from public notice. The authors of "The Life of Sir Edward Clarke" (1939) report that they had an "impression" that Adelaide Bartlett later married George Dyson, but that they had also heard a theory that the two never met again.
The novelist Julian Symons, in his novelization of the story, "Sweet Adelaide," suggested that Mrs. Bartlett emigrated to the U.S., settled in Connecticut, and died there some time after 1933, although others regard her post-trial life as mysterious. 
As for Dyson, Richard Whittington-Egan's study of William Roughead's life reported that a woman in Maryland claimed in 1939 that Dyson had come to New York, U.S., changed his name, and as a fortune hunter married and murdered a young bride, her sister, for her estate in 1916. Alternatively, Kate Clarke reports that Methodist church records state that Dyson emigrated to Australia.
The Bartlett case was dramatized on the BBC radio series "The Black Museum" in 1952 under the title of ""Four Small Bottles."" and in a four-part TV series, "A Question of Guilt", in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="2890726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890726" title="HMAS Manoora (F48)">
HMAS Manoora (F48)

HMAS "Manoora" (F48/C77) was a passenger liner that served in the Royal Australian Navy (RAN) during World War II. Built in Scotland in 1935 for the Cairns to Fremantle coastal passenger run for the Adelaide Steamship Company. She was requisitioned by the RAN for naval service in 1939. "Manoora" was initially converted into an Armed Merchant Cruiser (AMC), operating primarily in Australian, New Guinea, and Pacific waters, with deployments to Singapore and the Bay of Bengal.
In 1942, the ship was converted into the RAN's first Landing Ship, Infantry (LSI). After extensive training, "Manoora" was involved in most of the Allied amphibious operations in the Pacific during 1944 and 1945. After the war's end, the ship was used to transport occupation forces and refugees until 1947, when she was decommissioned from naval service and returned to the Adelaide Steamship Company. "Manoora" continued to operate in Australian waters until 1961, when she was sold to an Indonesian company and renamed Albulombo. The ship was sold for scrap in 1972.
Design and construction.
The passenger liner was in length overall, with a beam of , and a draught of . "Manoora" measured 10,900 gross register tons. She had a twin-screw propulsion system, with diesel engines supplying to drive the ship at .
"Manoora" was built by Alexander Stephen and Sons in Govan, Scotland for the Adelaide Steamship Company. The ship was laid down in July 1934, launched on 25 October 1935, and completed in 1935.
Operational history.
"Manoora" entered service on the Cairns to Fremantle coastal passenger run.
Armed Merchant Cruiser.
On 14 November 1939, the liner was requisitioned by the RAN for use as an armed merchant cruiser (AMC). The AMC conversion consisted of the addition of seven 6-inch main guns, two 3-inch anti-aircraft guns, and equipment to operate a Supermarine Walrus amphibious aircraft. "Manoora" was commissioned into the RAN on 12 December 1939, although the conversion was not completed until 5 Febriary 1940. She was assigned the pennant number F48.
Initially, the ship was used to patrol Australian waters, but during March 1940, she was redeployed to the China Station to operate with the Malaya Force. During the ship's return to Australia in early April, "Manoora" intercepted four Norwegian merchant vessels and escorted them to Brisbane; Norway having recently fallen to the Germans, and the Allies wanted to ensure as many Norwegian-flagged vessel came under their control as possible. On 12 June, shortly after Italy became involved in the war, "Manoora" intercepted the Italian passenger vessel "Romolo", which was scuttled off the Solomon Islands. The AMC then provided assistance to United States cargo ship "Admiral Wiley", which had run aground at Kitava.
Between the end of 1940 and September 1941, "Manoora"s operated around the north and east coasts of Australia, around New Guinea and New Britain, and to the Solomons, Nauru, and Ocean Island. In December, the AMC transported Admiral Sir Guy Royle to Singapore, then transited to the Bay of Bengal for escort duties. On 1 March 1942, the ship left Colombo for Australia, with a convoy of troopships returning from the Middle East.
Landing Ship, Infantry.
In mid-1942, "Manoora" was marked for conversion into the RAN's first Landing Ship, Infantry (LSI) at Garden Island Dockyard. Her AMC armament was removed and replaced with a single 12-pounder gun, six 40 mm Bofors, and eight 20 mm Oerlikons. The Walrus amphibian was removed, and the ship was modified to carry landing craft: 17 LCVPs, and two LCMs. "Manoora" was initially able to carry 850 soldiers, but later modifications increased this to 1,250. The ship was recommissioned on 2 February 1943 with the pennant number C77, and after spending six months on amphibious warfare training in Port Phillip, was deployed to New Guinea.
After further training and exercises near Milne Bay, "Manoora" participated in her first amphibious landing on 22 April 1944; the Operation Reckless landings at Tanamerah Bay. Following Operation Reckless, the LSI saw service in most of the amphibious operations in the Pacific theatre. On 17 May, "Manoora" operated as part of the Battle of Wakde, followed by the landings at Morotai on 15 September, and Leyte during October. At the start of 1945, the ship participated in operations at Lingayen Gulf, followed by the Borneo campaign, with landings at Tarakan on 1 May, Brunei Bay during 9 and 10 June, then Balikpapan on 1 July. After this, "Manoora" sailed to Australia, and was in Sydney when World War II ended.
After the war's end, "Manoora" was used to transport the soldiers and equipment of occupation forces, and return evacuees from the East Indies region to their homes. The LSI's naval service ended on 6 December 1947, when she was decommissioned from naval service. She received six battle honours for her wartime service: "Indian Ocean 1941–42", "Pacific 1942–45", "New Guinea 1944", "Leyte Gulf 1944", "Lingayen Gulf 1945", and "Borneo 1945".
Post-war career.
In 1947, Minister for Immigration Arthur Calwell requested the use of "Manoora" to help Australian and British citizens escape the increasing unrest in India preceding the nation's independence and resettle them in Australia. Plans were made for multiple voyages from India to Australia, although only one sailing eventuated, arriving back in Fremantle on 15 August: austere accommodations on the barrack decks prompted many potential passengers to instead wait for commercial vessels. Although Calwell, a strong supporter of the White Australia Policy insisted on passengers being "Australian/English by birth... of full European descent", most of the 736 passengers were Anglo-Indians.
After two years of maintenance and refit at Cockatoo Island Dockyard to remove the wartime modifications, "Manoora" was returned to the Adelaide Steamship Company on 31 August 1949.
In August 1969, the ship was sold to an Indonesian company, who renamed her "Albulombo". The ship was sold for scrap to a Japanese firm in October 1972, and broken up in Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="2890732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890732" title="The Heaven Makers">
The Heaven Makers

The Heaven Makers (1968) is a science fiction novel written by Frank Herbert. It was originally serialized in "Amazing Stories" magazine in 1967.
Plot introduction.
"The Heaven Makers" is set on contemporary Earth with one difference: that we are being watched and manipulated by aliens for their viewing pleasure. The plot focuses on several humans whose lives are changed by the aliens, and an alien observer investigating the morality of these changes.

</doc>
<doc id="2890738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890738" title="HMAS Manoora (L 52)">
HMAS Manoora (L 52)

HMAS "Manoora" (L 52) is a ship operated by the Royal Australian Navy (RAN). Originally built for the United States Navy (USN) as the , the ship was decommissioned in 1994 and sold to the RAN.
Although commissioned into Australian service in that year, the vessel was heavily modified from her original design, and did not begin operations until the end of the decade. During her Australian career, "Manoora" saw wartime service during the War in Afghanistan, and non-combat service in the Solomon Islands and East Timor. In 2001, the ship was involved in the "Tampa" affair, a diplomatic incident involving a Norwegian cargo ship and a group of asylum seekers.
In late 2010, "Manoora" and sister ship were placed in an 'operational pause' after several problems were identified with the ships. In early 2011, it was announced that repairing "Manoora" was cost-prohibitive, and she was decommissioned on 27 May 2011. The ship was sold for breaking in 2013.
Construction.
The ship was constructed for the USN as a by the National Steel and Shipbuilding Company at San Diego in California.
Transfer and conversion.
In the early 1990s, the RAN initiated a procurement project to replace with a dedicated training and helicopter support ship. Meeting the vague specifications of the project required a purpose-built vessel at an approximate cost of A$500 million. The high cost of the project led to its cancellation by the Minister for Defence in 1993, with the instructions to find a cheaper alternative. At around the same time, the USN began plans to decommission fifteen of their twenty "Newport"-class tank landing ships, including "Fairfax County", and offering them for purchase by various countries.
In 1994, the RAN elected to purchase two "Newport"s: "Fairfax County" and for the combined price of A$61 million (US$40 million), with the intention of converting each into a combined pocket helicopter carrier and amphibious warfare transport. "Fairfax County" was to travel to Australia with a USN crew before decommissioning and recommissioning as HMAS "Manoora".
On 28 June 1994, when "Saginaw" was due to decommmission and recommission as , it was announced that the United States Congress had decided not to release any of the fifteen "Newport"s into foreign service as the United States Senate Committee on Armed Services was attempting to pressure US President Bill Clinton on the perceived running-down of the USN's amphibious warfare capability, while an unrelated Senator had expressed concern over human rights in Morocco (one of the other eight nations slated to acquire a ship). The sale to Australia was not approved until the start of August, with "Fairfax County" handed over on 27 September 1994. She was commissioned into the RAN on 25 November 1994.
After arriving in Australia and transferring into the RAN, "Kanimbla" and "Manoora" spent two years docked at Fleet Base East before they were moved to Forgacs Dockyard at Newcastle, New South Wales in June 1996, where they underwent conversion from tank landing ships to amphibious warfare transports. The conversion required the main features of the "Newport" class, the bow doors, derrick, and tank ramp, to be removed. A hangar for three Sea King or four Blackhawk helicopters was added, while the aft helicopter deck was reinforced. Chinook helicopters are able to land and take off from the aft deck, but cannot be carried for prolonged periods. The deck forward of the superstructure was converted to carry two LCM-8 landing craft, which are launched and recovered by a single 70-ton crane. When the LCM-8s are deployed, the area functions as a third helicopter landing spot. Accommodation was provided for up to 450 soldiers, while improved medical facilities and an upgraded galley were also installed.
The refit was planned to last from 1995 to 1996, with "Manoora" upgraded first. However, extensive corrosion was discovered in both ships. The refit cost for the two ships increased A$400 million, with half of the funding taken from repair and refit allocations for other ships.
Operational history.
In April 1999, while the modification was being completed, personnel from "Manoora", "Kanimbla", and Sydney bases assisted the New South Wales Department of Agriculture in containing an outbreak of Newcastle disease in Mangrove Mountain poultry farms. "Manoora" entered service in January 2000. "Manoora" and were deployed to the Solomon Islands in June 2000, to rescue civilians following a coup d'état. During September and October, "Manoora" was involved in security operations for the 2000 Summer Olympics. In November, she returned to the Solomon Islands to support the International Peace Monitoring Team following the signing of the Townsville Peace Agreement, remained in the region until late December, then returned for a second deployment between March and June 2001.
In late August 2001, "Manoora" became involved in the 'Tampa Affair', a political incident caused when the Australian government forbade the Norwegian cargo ship MV "Tampa", carrying asylum seekers rescued from a damaged vessel in the Timor Sea, from entering Australian waters. The 438 asylum seekers were transferred from "Tampa" to "Manoora", which then delivered them to detention centres on Nauru.
From late February to late June 2002, the ship operated in the Persian Gulf as part of Operation Slipper, the Australian involvement in the War in Afghanistan. The ship returned to the Gulf in May 2003 under Operation Falconer, the Australian commitment to the invasion of Iraq, and spent a month in the region before sailing home with Australian personnel and equipment embarked. During the return voyage, the ship rescued eight Iraqi fishermen from the middle of the Gulf. During late June, "Manoora" provided medical assistance to the fishing vessel "Golden Sun ". In July 2003, "Manoora" sailed to the Solomon Islands with 300 personnel from 2nd Battalion, Royal Australian Regiment; the start of the Regional Assistance Mission to Solomon Islands. The ship remained in the region until late October, serving as a logistic and medical support base, and as a venue for meetings. In September, "Manoora" was used to recover an Iroquois helicopter of the Royal New Zealand Air Force downed off Guadalcanal.
"Manoora" undertook an extensive refit during 2004, allowing the vessel to carry the heavier M1 Abrams tank.
During 2006, the ship was deployed to East Timor.
On the morning of 13 March 2009, "Manoora" was one of seventeen warships involved in a ceremonial fleet entry and fleet review in Sydney Harbour, the largest collection of RAN ships since the Australian Bicentenary in 1988. "Manoora" was one of the thirteen ships involved in the ceremonial entry through Sydney Heads, and anchored in the harbour for the review.
Following a review of the RAN battle honours system, completed in March 2010, "Manoora" was retroactively awarded the honour "Persian Gulf 2002", in addition to the six honours inherited from the previous ship of the name.
Decommissioning and fate.
In late September 2010, "Manoora" and sister ship "Kanimbla" were brought to Fleet Base East for an 'operational pause' after several problems were identified with the ships. These included large quantities of corrosion, faults with the deck crane and alarm system, overhauls of the propulsion, power generators, and air-conditioning, and upgrades to the communication suite. The ships were to be confined to base until after the ships complete a dry-docking initially valued at A$17 million: as of October 2010, tenders for the work were yet to be released. The problems have been attributed to the ship's high operational tempo, delays in maintenance, and the age of the ships.
On 1 February 2011, the Minister for Defence announced that repairing "Manoora" would not be cost effective given that this would cost A$20 million, and not be complete until mid-2012. As the ship was scheduled to retire at the end of 2012, it was instead decided to decommission her during 2011 without returning her to service. "Manoora" was decommissioned at Fleet Base East on 27 May 2011. Personnel from "Manoora" are expected to transfer to the former British Royal Fleet Auxiliary ship when she arrives in Australia in late 2011, and the "Canberra"-class amphibious assault ships when they enter service from 2014.
In June 2012, the federal government offered "Manoora" and "Kanimbla" to the Queensland state government for scuttling as dive wrecks off the Queensland coast. However, the government chose not to go ahead with this, as it would cost $4 million each to prepare them for scuttling, and could provoke similar reactions to the contested sinking of the frigate . Instead, "Manoora" is to be broken up, with an estimated scrap metal value of $2.5 million. Because the two vessels were originally owned by the United States of America and were sold to Australia, their disposal had to receive US government approval and comply with International Traffic in Arms Regulations. Tendering for the disposal of the vessels began in June 2012, with the contract awarded to Southern Recycling LLC on 20 May 2013. The two vessels were returned to the United States, and broken up in New Orleans.

</doc>
<doc id="2890740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890740" title="Mount Jukes">
Mount Jukes

Mount Jukes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2890751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890751" title="Order of Nakhimov">
Order of Nakhimov

The Order of Nakhimov () is a military decoration of the Russian Federation named in honour of Russian admiral Pavel Nakhimov (1802 - 1855) and bestowed to naval officers for outstanding military leadership. The order was established during World War II by decree of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet of the USSR of March 3, 1944. Following the 1991 dissolution of the USSR, the Order of Nakhimov was retained unchanged by decision of the Supreme Soviet of the Russian Federation № 2424-1 of March 2, 1992 but it was not awarded in this form. The all encompassing Decree of the President of the Russian Federation № 1099 of September 7, 2010 that modernised and reorganised the entire Russian awards system away from its Soviet past amended the Order of Nakhimov to its present form, a ribbon mounted single class Order.
Soviet statute.
From its establishment in 1944 until September 2010, the Order of Nakhimov was awarded in two classes to officers of the Navy for outstanding achievements in the development, implementation and prosecution of naval operations resulting in the successful repelling of an opponent's offensive or for active fleet operations that caused considerable damage to the enemy while conserving fleet assets.
The Order of Nakhimov 1st class was awarded to naval officers for:
The Order of Nakhimov 2nd class was awarded to naval officers for:
The Order of Nakhimov 1st class was worn on the right side of the chest and when in the presence of other Orders of the USSR, located immediately after the Order of Kutuzov 1st class. The Order 2nd class was also worn on the right side and located immediately after the Order of Kutuzov 2nd class.
Soviet and pre September 2010 award description.
The Order of Nakhimov 1st class was of multi part construction consisting of a gold five pointed star displaying radiant rays, the bottom arm pointing straight down, a silver five pointed star with each arm ending in a naval sea anchor, its upper arm pointing straight up with the rays of the gold star protruding between its arms, a central gold medallion covered with dark enamel and the gold left profile relief image of the bust of admiral Nakhimov over two laurel branches at the center of the medallion, above the admiral's head along the medallion's upper circumference, the inscription in gilt letters "ADMIRAL NAKHIMOV" (). The hammer and sickle bisected the laurel branches on the central medallion. Five triangular red rubies were affixed to the silver star, one on each arm pointing out from the central medallion's outer edge. On the reverse of the silver star, a threaded screw and a 33 mm in diameter nut arrangement for attachment to clothing. The maker's (mint) mark was located at the upper part of the gold star's reverse, the award serial number was hand etched in the lower part. The Order of Nakhimov 2nd class was of two part construction and made entirely of silver with red enamel in lieu of rubies.
The only noticeable difference between the Soviet and early Russian Federation variants was the abrogation of the hammer and sickle from the latter.
Soviet recipients (partial list).
The Order first class was awarded 82 times, including twice to naval units, such as the 1st torpedo-boat brigade of Sevastopol and the 1st Red Banner torpedo-boat brigade of the Baltic Fleet. The Order second class was awarded 469 times, including twice to naval units.
The individuals listed below were awarded the Soviet variant of the Order of Nakhimov 1st class:
The individuals listed below were awarded the Soviet variant of the Order of Nakhimov 2nd class:
Statute of the modern award.
The Order of Nakhimov is awarded to officers of the Navy for:
It may also be awarded to military units that participated in successful naval operations and to foreign citizens, soldiers of allied forces from among the officers who took part alongside soldiers of the Russian Federation in organizing and conducting successful joint operations of allied troops (forces).
The Order of Nakhimov is worn on the left side of the chest and when in the presence of other Orders and medals of the Russian Federation, is located immediately after the Order of Kutuzov.
Description of the modern award.
The badge of the Order Nakhimov is a 40 mm wide blue enamelled silver cross pattée with a narrow raised edge superimposed over a four pointed star, the ruby enamelled rays of which protrude between the arms of the cross and end in the shape of naval sea anchors. In the center of the obverse, a blue enamelled silver bordered medallion bearing the left profile bust of Admiral Nakhimov over laurel branches. Along the medallion’s circumference over the image of the bust, the relief silver inscription “Admiral Nakhimov” (). The medallion is surrounded by a silver chain.
The Order Nakhimov is suspended to a standard Russian pentagonal mount by a ring through the suspension loop. The mount is covered by an overlapping 24 mm wide orange silk moiré ribbon with 1 mm wide black edge stripes and a 4 mm wide central black stripe.

</doc>
<doc id="2890753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890753" title="Johan Lange">
Johan Lange

Johan Martin Christian Lange (3. April 1818 - 20. March 1898) was a prominent Danish botanist.
He held the post of Librarian at the Botanical library of the University of Copenhagen from 1851 to 1858. He was Director of the Botanical Garden there from 1856 to 1876, the Reader of botany at the Danish Technical University from 1857 to 1862, and Reader of Botany at the Royal Veterinary and Agricultural College from 1858 to 1893, achieving full professor standing in 1892. He began editing the Flora Danica in 1858, and was its last editor. Together with Japetus Steenstrup, Johan Lange was the publisher of Flora Danica fasc. 44 (1858). Thereafter, he edited alone fasc. 45-51 (1861–83) and Supplement vols 2-3 (1865–74), in total 600 plates. After having finished the publication of Flora Danica, he issued "Nomenclator Floræ Danicæ" in 1887 - a volume indexing all planches in Flora Danica alphabetically, systematically and chronologically.
He travelled throughout Europe, completing extensive studies on the flora of Denmark, Greenland and other European countries, especially Spain. (Willkomm & Lange, Prodromus Florae Hispanicae, 1861–80). 
He expanded on the classification developed by Linnaeus, writing "Plantenavne og navngivningsregler (Plant-names and rules for name-giving)" which was influential in developing the International Code of Botanical Nomenclature (Saint Louis Code), the system in use today.
Charles Darwin borrowed a book written by Lange, which he failed to return in a timely manner as mentioned by Darwin in his correspondence. [http://darwin.lib.cam.ac.uk/perl/nav?pclass=letter&pkey=2246]

</doc>
<doc id="2890766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890766" title="Argenton">
Argenton

Argenton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2890769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890769" title="Gary Hocking">
Gary Hocking

Gary Stuart Hocking (30 September 1937 – 21 December 1962) was a Grand Prix motorcycle racing world champion from Rhodesia who raced in the late 1950s and early 1960s.
Early life.
Hocking was born in Caerleon, near Newport, Monmouthshire, in south-east Wales, but was brought up in Southern Rhodesia, now known as Zimbabwe. As a teenager, he began racing motorcycles on grass tracks. Before long, he had moved on to road racing circuits.
Motorcycle racing.
He left Rhodesia to compete in Europe in 1958 and made an immediate impact, finishing 3rd behind the works MV Agustas at the Nürburgring. He was sponsored by Manchester tuner/dealer Reg Dearden, who provided him with new 350cc & 500cc Manx Norton racers. He spent the winter of 58/59 with the Costain family at their home "Lindors" in Castletown on the Isle of Man, learning the Isle of Man TT course with George Costain, an established rider for the Dearden team, who had won the Senior Manx Grand Prix on a 500 Dearden-tuned Manx in 1954. In the 1959 Junior TT, he finished a credible 12th from 22nd on the grid, an impressive achievement for a first-timer to the circuit. In 1959, he was offered a ride by the East German MZ factory and finished second in the 250cc championship. During practice for the 1959 Junior TT, his and the machines of team mates Terry Shepherd and John Hartle 350 Manx's were fitted with the top-secret works 350cc Desmodromic engine, but they ran standard engines for the actual race. MV Agusta offered Hocking full factory support for the 1960 season and he repaid their confidence by finishing 2nd in the 125cc, 250cc and 350cc classes.
Following the retirement from motorcycle racing by defending champion, John Surtees in 1961, Hocking became MV Agusta's top rider and went on to claim dual World Championships in the 350cc and 500cc classes, in a dominating manner against little factory mounted opposition.
Auto racing.
Hocking was deeply affected by the death of his friend, Tom Phillis at the 1962 Isle of Man TT. After winning the Senior TT, he announced his retirement from motorcycle racing and returned to Rhodesia. He felt motorcycle racing was too dangerous and decided a career in auto racing would be safer. Ironically, later that year he was killed during practice for the 1962 Natal Grand Prix. His car, a Lotus 24, went straight on a fast curve and somersaulted after hitting a ditch. There is speculation that he blacked out on the long back straight because he made no attempt to slow down or steer into the corner as the car carried on into the bank at full speed. He was 25 years old.
References.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="2890774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890774" title="Sandy Alomar">
Sandy Alomar

Sandy Alomar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2890783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890783" title="Emperor Norton">
Emperor Norton

Joshua Abraham Norton (c. 1819 – January 8, 1880), the self-proclaimed Imperial Majesty Emperor Norton I, was a celebrated citizen of San Francisco, California, who in 1859 proclaimed himself "Emperor of these United States" and subsequently "Protector of Mexico".
Born in England, Norton spent most of his early life in South Africa. He immigrated to San Francisco in 1849 after receiving a bequest of $40,000 from his father's estate, arriving aboard the steam yacht "Hurlothrumbo". Norton initially made a living as a businessman, but he lost his fortune investing in Peruvian rice.
After losing a lawsuit in which he tried to void his rice contract, Norton left San Francisco. He returned a few years later, laying claim to the position of Emperor of the United States. Although he had no political power, and his influence extended only so far as he was humoured by those around him, he was treated deferentially in San Francisco, and currency issued in his name was honoured in the establishments he frequented.
Though some considered him insane, or eccentric, the citizens of San Francisco celebrated his regal presence and his proclamations, most famously, his order that the United States Congress be dissolved by force and his numerous decrees calling for a bridge crossing and a tunnel to be built under San Francisco Bay. Similar structures were built long after his death in the form of the San Francisco–Oakland Bay Bridge and the Transbay Tube, and there have been campaigns to rename the bridge "The Emperor Norton Bridge". On January 8, 1880, Norton collapsed at a street corner and died before he could be given medical treatment. At his funeral two days later, nearly 30,000 people packed the streets of San Francisco to pay homage. Norton has been immortalized as the basis of characters in the literature of writers Mark Twain, Robert Louis Stevenson, Christopher Moore, Maurice De Bevere, Selma Lagerlöf, and Neil Gaiman.
Early life.
Norton was born in England, but scholarly works disagree as to the date and town of his birth. His obituary in the "San Francisco Chronicle", "following the best information obtainable," cited the silver plate on his coffin which said he was "aged about 65", suggesting that 1814 could be the year of his birth. Other sources claim that he was born on February 4, 1819 in London. Immigration records indicate he was two years old in 1820 when his parents moved to South Africa. South African genealogies suggest his parents were John Norton (d. August 1848) and Sarah Norden. Sarah was a daughter of Abraham Norden and a sister of Benjamin Norden, a successful Jewish merchant.
Norton emigrated from South Africa to San Francisco in 1849 after receiving a bequest of $40,000 from his father's estate. He enjoyed a good deal of success in the real estate market, and by the early 1850s had accumulated a fortune of $250,000. Norton thought he saw a business opportunity when China, facing a severe famine, placed a ban on the export of rice, causing the price of rice in San Francisco to sky-rocket from four cents per pound to thirty-six cents per pound (9 cents/kg to 79 cents/kg). When he heard the "Glyde", which was returning from Peru, was carrying of rice, he bought the entire shipment for $25,000 (or twelve and a half cents per pound), hoping to corner the market.
Shortly after he signed the contract, several other shiploads of rice arrived from Peru, causing the price of rice to plummet to three cents a pound. Norton tried to void the contract, stating the dealer had misled him as to the quality of rice to expect. From 1853 to 1857, Norton and the rice dealers were involved in a protracted litigation. Although Norton prevailed in the lower courts, the case reached the Supreme Court of California, which ruled against Norton. Later, the Lucas Turner and Company Bank foreclosed on his real estate holdings in North Beach to pay Norton's debt. He declared bankruptcy in 1858 and left the city for a time.
Declares himself emperor.
When Norton returned to San Francisco from his self-imposed exile, he had become completely disgruntled with what he considered the inadequacies of the legal and political structures of the United States. On September 17, 1859, he took matters into his own hands and distributed letters to the various newspapers in the city, proclaiming himself "Emperor of these United States":
The announcement was first reprinted for humorous effect by the editor of the San Francisco Bulletin. Norton would later add "Protector of Mexico" to this title. Thus commenced his unprecedented and whimsical 21-year reign over America.
In his self-appointed role of emperor, Norton issued numerous decrees on matters of the state. After assuming absolute control over the country, he saw no further need for a legislature, and on October 12, 1859, he issued a decree formally abolishing the United States Congress. In it, Norton observed:
Norton ordered all interested parties to assemble at Platt's Music Hall in San Francisco in February 1860 to "remedy the evil complained of".
In an imperial decree the following month, Norton summoned the Army to depose the elected officials of the U.S. Congress:
Norton's orders were ignored by the Army, and Congress likewise continued without any formal acknowledgement of the decree. Further decrees in 1860 dissolved the republic and forbade the assembly of any members of the former Congress. Norton's battle against the elected leaders of America persisted throughout his reign, though it appears he eventually, if grudgingly, allowed Congress to exist without his permission. Hoping to resolve the many disputes that had resulted in the Civil War, in 1862 Norton issued a mandate ordering both the Roman Catholic Church and Protestant churches to publicly ordain him as "Emperor".
His attempts to overthrow the elected government having been ignored, Norton turned his attention to other matters, both political and social. On August 12, 1869, "being desirous of allaying the dissensions of party strife now existing within our realm", he abolished the Democratic and Republican parties. The failure to treat Norton's adopted home city with appropriate respect was the subject of a particularly stern edict in 1872:
Norton was occasionally a visionary, and some of his Imperial Decrees exhibited profound foresight. He issued instructions to form a League of Nations, and he explicitly forbade any form of conflict between religions or their sects. Norton saw fit to decree the construction of a suspension bridge or tunnel connecting Oakland and San Francisco, his later decrees becoming increasingly irritated at the lack of prompt obedience by the authorities:
The intent of this decree, unlike many others, actually came to fruition; construction of the San Francisco–Oakland Bay Bridge began on July 9, 1933 and was completed on November 12, 1936. The construction of Bay Area Rapid Transit's Transbay Tube was completed in 1969, with Transbay rail service commencing in 1974.
Norton's Imperial acts.
Norton spent his days inspecting San Francisco's streets in an elaborate blue uniform with gold-plated epaulettes, given to him by officers of the United States Army post at the Presidio of San Francisco. He also wore a beaver hat decorated with a peacock feather and a rosette. He frequently enhanced this regal posture with a cane or umbrella. During his inspections, Norton would examine the condition of the sidewalks and cable cars, the state of repair of public property, and the appearance of police officers. Norton would also frequently give lengthy philosophical expositions on a variety of topics to anyone within earshot.
During one of his inspections Norton is said to have performed one of his most famous acts of diplomacy. During the 1860s and 1870s, there were occasional anti-Chinese demonstrations in the poorer districts of San Francisco. Riots, sometimes resulting in fatalities, took place. During one incident, Norton allegedly positioned himself between the rioters and their Chinese targets; with a bowed head, he started reciting the Lord's Prayer repeatedly until the rioters dispersed without incident.
Norton was loved and revered by the citizens of San Francisco. Although penniless, he regularly ate at the finest restaurants in San Francisco; restaurateurs took it upon themselves to add brass plaques in their entrances declaring "y Appointment to his Imperial Majesty, Emperor Norton I of the United States." Norton's self-penned Imperial seals of approval were prized and a substantial boost to trade. No play or musical performance in San Francisco would dare to open without reserving balcony seats for Norton.
A rumor started by the devoted Norton caricaturist Ed Jump claims he had two dogs, Bummer and Lazarus, which were also notable San Francisco celebrities. Though he did not own the dogs, Norton ate at free lunch counters where he shared his meals with the dogs.
In 1867, a policeman named Armand Barbier arrested Norton to commit him to involuntary treatment for a mental disorder. The Emperor's arrest outraged the citizens and sparked scathing editorials in the newspapers. Police Chief Patrick Crowley ordered Norton released and issued a formal apology on behalf of the police force. Crowley wrote "that he had shed no blood; robbed no one; and despoiled no country; which is more than can be said of his fellows in that line." Norton magnanimously granted what he considered an Imperial Pardon to the errant policeman. All police officers of San Francisco thereafter saluted Norton as he passed in the street.
Norton did receive some tokens of recognition for his position. The 1870 U.S. census lists Joshua Norton as 50 years old and residing at 624 Commercial Street; his occupation was listed as . It also noted he was insane. Norton also issued his own money to pay for his debts, and it became an accepted local currency in San Francisco. These notes came in denominations between fifty cents and ten dollars; the few surviving notes are collector's items. The city of San Francisco also honored Norton. When his uniform began to look shabby, the San Francisco Board of Supervisors bought him a suitably regal replacement. Norton sent a gracious thank you note and issued a "patent of nobility in perpetuity" for each supervisor.
Later years and death.
During the later years of Norton's reign, he was the subject of considerable speculation. One popular story suggested he was the son of Emperor Napoleon III, and that his claim of coming from South Africa was a ruse to prevent persecution. Another popular story suggested Norton was planning to marry Queen Victoria. While this claim is unsupported, Norton did write to the Queen on several occasions, and he is reported to have met Emperor Pedro II of Brazil. Rumors also circulated that Norton was supremely wealthy—only affecting poverty because he was miserly.
A number of decrees that were probably fraudulent were submitted and duly printed in local newspapers, and it is believed that in at least a few cases, newspaper editors themselves drafted fictitious edicts to suit their own agendas. The San Francisco Museum and Historical Society maintains a list of the decrees believed to be genuine.
On the evening of January 8, 1880, Norton collapsed on the corner of California Street and Dupont Street (now Grant Avenue) in front of Old St. Mary's Church while on his way to a lecture at the California Academy of Sciences. His collapse was immediately noticed and "the police officer on the beat hastened for a carriage to convey him to the City Receiving Hospital." Norton died before a carriage could arrive. The following day the "San Francisco Chronicle" published his obituary on its front page under the headline ""Le Roi est Mort"" ("The King is Dead"). In a tone tinged with sadness, the article respectfully reported that, "n the reeking pavement, in the darkness of a moon-less night under the dripping rain..., Norton I, by the grace of God, Emperor of the United States and Protector of Mexico, departed this life". The "Morning Call", another leading San Francisco newspaper, published a front-page article using an almost identical sentence as a headline: "Norton the First, by the grace of God Emperor of these United States and Protector of Mexico, departed this life."
It quickly became evident that, contrary to the rumors, Norton had died in complete poverty. Five or six dollars in small change had been found on his person, and a search of his room at the boarding house on Commercial Street turned up a single gold sovereign, then worth around $2.50; his collection of walking sticks; his rather battered saber; a variety of headgear (including a stovepipe, a derby, a red-laced Army cap, and another cap suited to a martial band-master); an 1828 French franc; and a handful of the Imperial bonds he sold to tourists at a fictitious 7% interest. There were fake telegrams purporting to be from Emperor Alexander II of Russia, congratulating Norton on his forthcoming marriage to Queen Victoria, and from the President of France, predicting that such a union would be disastrous to world peace. Also found were his letters to Queen Victoria and 98 shares of stock in a defunct gold mine.
Initial funeral arrangements were for a pauper's coffin of simple redwood. However, members of the Pacific Club, a San Francisco businessman's association, established a funeral fund that provided for a handsome rosewood casket and arranged a suitably dignified farewell. Norton's funeral on Sunday, January 10, was solemn, mournful, and large. Paying their respects were members of "...all classes from capitalists to the pauper, the clergyman to the pickpocket, well-dressed ladies and those whose garb and bearing hinted of the social outcast." Some accounts say as many as 30,000 people lined the streets, and that the funeral cortège was two miles (3 km) long. San Francisco's total population at the time was 230,000. Norton was buried in the Masonic Cemetery, at the expense of the City of San Francisco.
In 1934, Emperor Norton's remains were transferred, as were all graves in the city, to a grave site of moderate splendor at Woodlawn Cemetery, in Colma. The grave is marked by a large stone inscribed "Norton I, Emperor of the United States and Protector of Mexico".
Legacy.
Although details of his life story may have been forgotten, Emperor Norton was immortalized in literature. Mark Twain, who resided in San Francisco during part of Emperor Norton's public life, modeled the character of the King in "Adventures of Huckleberry Finn" on Joshua Norton.
Robert Louis Stevenson made Norton a character in his 1892 novel, "The Wrecker". Stevenson's stepdaughter, Isobel Osbourne, mentioned Norton in her autobiography, "This Life I've Loved". She said that Norton "was a gentle and kindly man, and fortunately found himself in the friendliest and most sentimental city in the world, the idea being 'let him be emperor if he wants to.' San Francisco played the game with him."
Since 1974, there has been an annual memorial service at his grave in Colma, just outside of San Francisco.
In January 1980, ceremonies were conducted in San Francisco to honor the 100th anniversary of the death of 
"the one and only Emperor of the United States."
"Emperor Joshua Norton Day" is celebrated on the 14th of February. It is marked by a gathering of friends to enjoy a meal of Chinese food (honoring Norton's legendary stand against an anti-Chinese riot). Rice is always part of the meal to commemorate Norton's losses in the rice market. The meal traditionally begins with a reading of Emperor Norton's proclamation of September 17, 1859.
He is considered a patron saint of Discordianism.
Efforts to rename the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge.
In 1939, the group E Clampus Vitus placed a plaque on the Transbay Terminal of the 1936 San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge commemorating Emperor Norton's 1872 proclamation calling for the construction of a suspension bridge between San Francisco and Oakland, via Yerba Buena Island (formerly Goat Island).
There have been two recent campaigns to name all, or parts, of the Bay Bridge for Emperor Norton.
In November 2004, after a campaign by San Francisco Chronicle cartoonist Phil Frank, then-San Francisco District 3 Supervisor Aaron Peskin introduced a resolution to the San Francisco Board of Supervisors calling for the entire bridge to be named for Emperor Norton. On 14 December 2004, the Board approved a modified version of this resolution, calling for only "new additions"—i.e., the new eastern span—to be named "The Emperor Norton Bridge". Neither the City of Oakland nor Alameda County passed any similar resolution, so the effort went no further.
In June 2013, eight members of the California Assembly, joined by two members of the California Senate, introduced a concurrent resolution to name the western span of the bridge for former California state Speaker and San Francisco Mayor Willie Brown. In response, there have been public efforts seeking to revive the earlier Emperor Norton effort. One effort, an online petition, was started in August 2013 and calls for the entire bridge to be named "The Emperor Norton Bay Bridge." This petition has received coverage from local media. 

</doc>
<doc id="2890785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890785" title="Harecastle Tunnel">
Harecastle Tunnel

Harecastle Tunnel is a canal tunnel on the Trent and Mersey Canal at Kidsgrove in Staffordshire. It is made up of two separate, parallel, tunnels described as "Brindley" (2,880 yards or 2633 metres) and the later "Telford" (2,926 yards or 2675 metres) after the engineers that constructed them. Today only the Telford tunnel is navigable. The tunnel is only wide enough to carry traffic in one direction at a time and boats are sent through in groups, alternating northbound and southbound. Ventilation is handled by a large fan at the south portal.
Brindley Tunnel.
The Brindley tunnel was constructed by James Brindley between 1770 and 1777. Brindley died during its construction. At the time of its construction it was one of the two longest canal tunnels in Britain, together with Norwood tunnel its twin Brindley bore on the Chesterfield Canal.
To construct the canal, the line of the tunnel was ranged over the hill and then fifteen vertical shafts were sunk into the ground. It was from these that heads were driven on the canal line. A major problem was the change in the rock type which ranged from soft earth to Millstone Grit. The construction site was also subject to flooding regularly, a problem which was overcome by the construction of steam engines to operate the pumps. Stoves were installed at the bottom of upcast pipes to overcome the problem of ventilation.
The tunnel had no towpath, and so boatsmen had to leg their way through the tunnel, lying on the roof of their boat and pushing on the sides of the tunnel with their feet. It could take up to three hours to get through the tunnel. The boat horses were led over Harecastle Hill via 'Boathorse Road'. A lodge (Bourne Cottage) was built by the side of the squire's drive at the point that the boat children crossed it, to prevent them straying up towards Clough Hall.
The tunnel was twelve feet tall at its tallest point and was nine feet wide at its widest, which proved to be too small in later years. The tunnel suffered subsidence in the early 20th century and was closed after a partial collapse in 1914. Inspections of the disused tunnel continued until the 1960s, but since that time, there has been no attempt to investigate the interior of the tunnel at any significant distance from the portals.
The gated portals can still be seen from the canal, although it is no longer possible to approach the mouth of the tunnel in a boat.
In recent times, water entering the canal from the Brindley tunnel has been blamed for much of the prominent iron ore (responsible for the rusty colour of the water) in the canal, and there are proposals to install filtering (possibly using reed beds) at the northern portal.
Telford Tunnel.
Due to the amount of traffic and the slow process of legging, the Harecastle Tunnel was becoming a major bottleneck on the canal. It was decided to commission a second tunnel to be built by Thomas Telford. Due to advances in engineering, it took just three years to build, and was completed in 1827. It had a towpath so that horses could pull the boats through the tunnel. After its construction it was used in conjunction with the Brindley tunnel, with each tunnel taking traffic in opposite directions.
Between 1914 and 1954 an electric tug was used to pull boats through the tunnel. In 1954 a large fan was constructed at the south portal. While all the boats are within the tunnel an airtight door is shut and all the air is pulled through the tunnel by the fan. This allows diesel boats to use the tunnel without suffocating the boaters. Today the journey takes about 30–40 minutes.
In the late 20th century, the Telford tunnel also began to suffer subsidence, and was closed between 1973 and 1977. The towpath, long disused, was removed, allowing boats to take advantage of the greater air draft in the centre of the tunnel.
A series of smaller canal tunnels are joined to the Telford tunnel. These tunnels connected to coal mines at Golden Hill and allowed both the drainage of the mines and the export of coal directly from the mines to the canal tunnel without the necessity of first hauling it to the surface. Small boats of ten tons' capacity were used in this endeavour.
The Ghost of Harecastle Tunnel - The Kidsgrove Boggart.
According to legend a young woman was decapitated in the Telford Tunnel in the 1800s and her body thrown into Gilbert's Hole, a coal landing stage within the tunnel. The man had hacked the woman's head from her shoulders with a piece of slate until it was removed. 
It is believed that she now haunts Harecastle Tunnel, either in the form of a headless woman, or a white horse, and her appearance used to forewarn of disaster in the local mines. Some boatmen took long detours to avoid the tunnel, and today the tunnel keepers relate tales of occasional mismatches in the number of boats going in and coming out. Such tales are, however, fanciful, as any such discrepancy would result in a major search operation.
In fact there is no record of any such murder, and the story seems to have been inspired by the murder of Christina Collins in similar circumstances near Rugeley. The association with another canal ghost 'Kit Crewbucket', who haunts the Crick Tunnel, would also seem to be spurious.

</doc>
