<doc id="2916601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916601" title="Billy Elliot the Musical">
Billy Elliot the Musical

Billy Elliot the Musical is a musical based on the 2000 film "Billy Elliot". The music is by Elton John, and the book and lyrics are by Lee Hall, who wrote the film's screenplay. The plot revolves around motherless Billy, who trades boxing gloves for ballet shoes. The story of his personal struggle and fulfillment are balanced against a counter-story of family and community strife caused by the UK miners' strike (1984–1985) in County Durham, in North Eastern England. Hall's screenplay was inspired in part by A. J. Cronin's 1935 novel about a miners' strike, "The Stars Look Down", to which the musical's opening song pays homage.
The musical premiered in London's West End in 2005 and was nominated for nine Laurence Olivier Awards, winning four, including Best New Musical. The production is still running strongly, and its success led to productions in Australia, on Broadway and elsewhere. In New York, it won ten Tony Awards and ten Drama Desk Awards, including, in each case, Best Musical. It has also won numerous awards in Australia including a record-tying seven Helpmann Awards.
Productions.
Original London production.
The musical was planned to premiere at the Tyne Theatre in Newcastle upon Tyne, England. This was abandoned due to the financial problems of the Tyne Theatre's operator and the production's growing budget.
The musical premiered in the West End at the Victoria Palace Theatre, opening in previews on 31 March 2005 and officially on 11 May 2005; it is still running today, with the booking date extended to at least 2015. It reportedly cost £5.5 million to produce (the original film version cost $5 million). The producers were Working Title Films, Old Vic Productions Plc and David Furnish. It was directed by Stephen Daldry and choreographed by Peter Darling, as was the original film. Liam Mower, James Lomas and George Maguire were the original actors who alternated in the title role, and the supporting cast included Haydn Gwynne as Mrs. Wilkinson and Tim Healy as Billy's father. The sets were designed by Ian MacNeil, the costumes by Nicky Gillibrand, lighting was by Rick Fisher, and sound by Paul Arditti. The original cast album was released on 10 January 2006.
The musical received favourable reviews: the "Daily Telegraph's" Charles Spencer called it "the greatest British musical I have ever seen", and "The Daily Mail" thought it "a theatrical masterpiece".
"Billy Elliot the Musical" won four Laurence Olivier Awards: Best New Musical, Best Actor (awarded jointly to James Lomas, George Maguire and Liam Mower, the boys who played Billy), Best Sound design and Best Choreographer. It also won the Evening Standard Award as well as the Critics Circle Award and the Theatregoers Choice Award, all for Best Musical. On 12 May 2006, the three original Billys appeared together in a performance of the musical to celebrate its first anniversary. The three rotated the role during the performance and were joined at the end by Elton John.
In 2013, the show won an additional Olivier Award, the BBC Radio 2 Audience Award (voted for by theatre goers) after many years of being finalists for the award.
On 8 April 2013, after it was announced that Margaret Thatcher had died at the age of 87, there was uncertainty whether the song 'Merry Christmas, Maggie Thatcher' would be included in the performance that day due to the lyrics including: "We all celebrate today 'cause it's one day closer to your death". Director Stephen Daldry said that after "much discussion", the audience were given the choice to decide whether the song should be performed and, with only 3 audience members voting against it, the performance went ahead as normal.
Billy Youth Theatre.
Billy Youth Theatre is a countrywide scheme as part of which participating schools and youth groups will be given the opportunity to stage their own production of this internationally award-winning show. Billy Elliot writer Lee Hall, together with Martin Koch (Musical Supervision and Orchestrations), have adapted their original script and orchestrations to produce a shortened version of the show exclusively for groups staging local productions as part of Billy Youth Theatre.
Original Australian production.
The musical opened at Sydney's Capitol Theatre on 13 November 2007, directed by Daldry in association with Julian Webber, and choreographed by Darling. Rhys Kosakowski, Lochlan Denholm, Rarmian Newton, and Nick Twiney alternated in the title role. The production earned good notices, and in January 2008 it won Best Musical at the 2008 Sydney Theatre Awards. The show also won seven Helpmann Awards, including the awards for Best Musical, Best Direction, Best Choreography, Best Actress (Genevieve Lemon as Mrs. Wilkinson) and Best Actor, awarded jointly to the four boys who played Billy Elliot. The production concluded in Sydney on 9 November 2008 with all eight Sydney Billys in the finale.
The Sydney production transferred to Melbourne's Her Majesty's Theatre, opening on 13 December 2008. The Melbourne production closed on 14 June 2009 after a successful run.
Original Broadway production.
The Broadway production opened at the Imperial Theatre on 1 October 2008 in previews, and officially on 13 November 2008. The London production's creative team directed and designed the Broadway production. The title role was rotated among three young actors, David Álvarez, Kiril Kulish and Trent Kowalik, the last of whom had played the role in London. The supporting cast included Haydn Gwynne, reprising her role of Mrs. Wilkinson from the London production, and Gregory Jbara as Billy's father.
The production received rave reviews: "Time" called it a "triumph"; critic Liz Smith termed it "breathtakingly brilliant" and "absolutely, unequivocally awesome"; the "Daily News" said it was "so exhilarating that at times you feel like leaping"; the New York Post said it was "almost like being in love" and termed it "amusing, perfect and passionate" and "the best show you will ever see"; and the "Los Angeles Times" called it a "global theatrical phenomenon". It has also been very financially successful, with $20 million taken in advance ticket sales. The production received fifteen Tony Award nominations, tying with "The Producers" for the most nominations ever received by a Broadway show, and winning ten. The original three boys in the lead role jointly won a Tony Award for Best Leading Actor in a Musical. The production sold strongly and recouped its original investment of $18 million in 14 months. The Broadway production closed on 8 January 2012 following 40 previews and 1,312 regular performances.
Touring productions.
Although considered to be the First National Tour, the show did not tour as the usual touring production would, with longer engagements in Chicago and Toronto.
Chicago (2010).
The musical opened in Chicago on 18 March 2010 in previews, officially on 11 April, at the Ford Center for the Performing Arts Oriental Theatre for an extended run. This is the start of the North American multi-city tour. According to producer Eric Fellner, however, the musical "will be here until such time as Chicago says 'go away'. ... We can only do one production at once," and other North American cities will have to wait until the Chicago production runs its course. Emily Skinner plays Mrs. Wilkinson, and the cast featured Tommy Batchelor, Giuseppe Bausilio, Cesar Corrales and John Peter (J.P.) Viernes alternating as Billy. The production closed early on 28 November 2010 and transferred to Toronto. The show ran for 37 weeks and 288 performances.
The production had been slated to run through July 2010 but was extended to the middle of January 2011, by popular demand. By September, however, ticket sales were growing bleak. According to the "Chicago Tribune", "Weekday attendance had been especially poor in recent weeks, despite heavily discounted tickets. Audience members at the Oriental Theatre in the Loop had reported an almost-empty balcony at some shows, and weekday attendance had been as low as 900 or so people. December sales are typically strong, so the decision to close then indicated that things were not expected to pick up." The show closed "early" in November 2010.
Toronto (2011).
The Canadian premiere of the show opened on 1 February 2011 at the Canon Theatre in Toronto, Canada. It was originally scheduled for 28 January 2011.
The show received mostly glowing reviews, Toronto Times exclaiming "ALL HAIL BILLY AND LONG MAY HE REIGN." The most critical review was one published in the National Post: "The signal achievement of Billy Elliot The Musical is to be even phonier than the movie it’s based on."
The show was extended, due to packed audiences and seemingly undying interest, for an additional 3 months.
Second National Tour (2010-2013).
A second tour opened at the Durham Performing Arts Center in Durham, North Carolina on 30 October 2010. Although this is the first production of the musical to tour the United States and Canada in a "touring" manner, this is still considered to be the Second National Tour. Cast members included Faith Prince, J.P. Viernes, and Joel Blum.
The Second National Tour went on hiatus in August 2011. It re-opened in November of the same year under a new production company, and with previous cast members from the second national tour as well as the Toronto cast. Notable cast replacement included Ben Cook as Billy. The tour went on hiatus after playing its final performance in North America at Hartford, Connecticut on 23 June 2013, before proceeding to São Paulo, Brazil.
While the Second National Tour received much praise from audiences and critics, BroadwayWorld.com gave the show a rare mixed review, calling Stephen Daldry's direction "muddy and over-complicated," Elton John's music "dull," and Ian MacNeil's set "hideous, over-designed, and unnecessarily complex."
São Paulo, Brazil (2013).
After the tour's hiatus, it transferred to Brazil and opened on 2 August 2013 at the Credicard Hall in São Paulo. It was the first time the tour played in a Latin American country and was the first musical to take its international tour to Brazil since "Cats" in 2006. The tour played its final performance on 18 August with Ty Forham, Drew Minard and Mitchell Tobin as the last to share the title role on the tour. 
Other productions.
The first non-English language production of the musical opened in Seoul on 10 August 2010 in previews and officially on 14 August at the LG Arts Center. It originally starred Jin-Ho Jung, Ji-Myeong Lee, Sunu Lim, and Se-Yong Kim in the title role of Billy with Junhyung Kim later joining the cast in January 2011. The production closed on 27 February 2011. 
On 25 October 2013, the Ogunquit Playhouse announced that it will stage one of the first regional premieres of "Billy Elliot." The production will be on stage 25 June – 26 July 2014. 
Synopsis.
Act I.
In County Durham, the 1984-85 coal miners' strike is just beginning ("The Stars Look Down"). Motherless eleven-year-old Billy is required to stay behind after his boxing class and finds his way into a ballet class run by Mrs. Wilkinson. He is the only boy, but becomes attracted to the grace of the dance ("Shine"). The secret is at first easily kept, as the only person home at the time is his grandmother. She reveals her abusive relationship with her dead husband and that she too loved to dance, which made everything all right ("Grandma's Song").
While his brother, father, and neighbours are on strike and clash with riot police, Billy continues to take dance lessons, keeping it a secret from his family ("Solidarity"), a number which intersperses the violent reality of the strike with the peaceful practise of ballet.
Eventually, Mr. Elliot discovers Billy in the ballet class and forbids him from attending the lessons. Mrs. Wilkinson, who recognizes Billy's talent, privately suggests that he should audition for the Royal Ballet School in London. To prepare for the audition, she offers free private lessons. Billy is not sure what he wants to do so he visits his best friend Michael for advice. He finds Michael wearing a dress. He persuades Billy to have fun with him by dressing up in woman's clothing and disdaining the restrictive inhibitions of their working class community ("Expressing Yourself").
Billy arrives for his first private ballet lesson bringing with him things to inspire a special dance for the audition ("Dear Billy (Mum's Letter)"). He begins learning from and bonding with Mrs. Wilkinson while he develops an impressive routine for his audition ("Born to Boogie"). Mrs. Wilkinson's daughter Debbie tries to discourage Billy because she has a crush on him. Meanwhile, Billy's father and brother Tony are engaged in daily battles with riot police that often turn bloody. They struggle to support the family with very little in strike and union pay, a difficult task that goes on for nearly a year.
When the day of the Royal Ballet School audition comes, police are coming through the village and Tony has been injured by the police. Because Billy had not come to the miner's hall to get picked up by Mrs. Wilkinson for the audition, she goes to the Elliot home. There, Billy's family and some members of the community have gathered. She is forced to reveal that she has been teaching Billy ballet in preparation for this very day. This news upsets Billy’s father and Tony, who gets in an argument with Mrs. Wilkinson. Tony tries to force Billy to dance on the table in front of everyone. The police approach and, as everyone escapes, Billy calls out to his father saying that his mother would have let him dance, but his father refuses to accept that, saying that, "Your Mam's dead!". Billy goes into a rage ("Angry Dance"), and for nearly a year, stays away from anything related to ballet.
Act II.
Six months later at the miner's annual Christmas show, the children put on a show disparaging Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, who is seen as the antagonist by the coal miners ("Merry Christmas, Maggie Thatcher"). Billy's father gets drunk and sings an old folk song that elicits memories of his deceased wife and the usually stoic man leaves in tears ("Deep Into the Ground"). Left alone with Billy in the Community Centre, Michael reveals he has feelings for him, but Billy explains that the fact that he likes ballet does not mean that he is gay. Michael gives him a kiss on the cheek. Michael tries to get Billy to show him some dancing, but Billy is sad and just tells him to leave.
Michael departs, but leaves a music player running. Billy feels like dancing for the first time since the day of the aborted audition and dances while dreaming of being a grown-up dancer ("Swan Lake"). Unknown to Billy, his father arrives and watches him dance. Overcome with emotion, his father goes to Mrs. Wilkinson’s house to discuss Billy’s prospects as a dancer. She confirms Billy's talent, but is not sure whether or not he would get into the Royal Ballet School. Mrs. Wilkinson offers to help pay for the trip to London for the audition, but Mr. Elliot refuses. He leaves questioning his working-class pride and the future mining has for his boys.
Mr. Elliot decides the only way to help Billy is to return to work. When Tony sees his father cross the picket line, he becomes infuriated and the two argue over what is more important: unity of the miners or helping Billy achieve his dream ("He Could Be A Star"). The argument eventually comes to blows and Billy is hit accidentally. One of the miners chastises them for fighting and says that the important thing is looking after the child. One by one, the miners give money to help pay for the trip to the audition, but Billy still does not have enough for the bus fare to London. A strike-breaker arrives and offers him hundreds of pounds. An enraged Tony attempts to shun his donation, but no one else speaks up in his support. Now drained of hope, Tony dismally ponders whether there's a point for anything anymore, and runs off.
Billy and his father arrive at the Royal Ballet School for the audition. While Mr. Elliot waits outside, an upper-crust Londoner highlights the contrast between the Elliots and the families of the other applicants. Mr. Elliot meets a dancer with a thick Northern accent. The dancer confesses that his father does not support his ballet career. He sharply advises Mr. Elliot to "get behind" his boy. Billy nervously finishes the audition with a sinking feeling that he did not do well. As he packs his gear, he lets that emotion overwhelm him and he punches another dancer who was trying to comfort him. The audition committee reminds Billy of the strict standards of the school. They have received an enthusiastic letter from Mrs. Wilkinson explaining Billy's background and situation, and they ask him to describe what it feels like when he dances. Billy responds with a heartfelt declaration of his passion ("Electricity").
Back in Durham, the Elliots resume life, but times are tough and the miners are running a soup kitchen to ensure everyone is fed. Eventually, Billy receives a letter from the school and, overwhelmed and fearful, knowing that it heralds the end of the life he has known, informs his family that he wasn't accepted. Tony retrieves the letter from the waste bin and discovers that his brother was accepted. At the same time, the miners' union has caved in; they lost the strike. Billy visits Mrs. Wilkinson at the dance class to thank her for everything she did to help him. Debbie is sad that Billy will be leaving.
Billy packs his things for the trip to the school and says goodbye to the soon to be unemployed miners who are returning unhappily to work ("Once We Were Kings"). Billy says goodbye to his dead mother, who often visits him in his imagination ("Dear Billy (Billy's Reply)"). Michael arrives to say goodbye and Billy gives him a kiss on the cheek. Billy takes his suitcase and walks out to his future alone.
The entire cast comes out on stage and calls Billy back to celebrate the bright future ahead of him ("Finale").
Musical numbers.
Instrumentation.
The instrumentation for Billy Elliot requires a large orchestra. The original Broadway production had seventeen musicians. The Broadway orchestra required two keyboards, bass, drums, percussion, guitar, four woodwind players, three trumpets, two horns, and two trombones. Almost all players double on two or more instruments. The keyboards double on synthesizer, guitar on variax, and bass with fretless bass. The trumpets double on cornet and flugelhorn while the second trumpet part also doubles on E-flat cornet. The trombones double on euphonium. The horns also double on tenor horn. The woodwind doublings vary depending the venue. In the original West End production there was a single woodwind player that doubled on piccolo, flute, clarinet tenor and alto sax. The Broadway production had four woodwind players. The first doubled on piccolo, flute, clarinet, and alto sax. The second on flute, clarinet, and alto sax. The third on clarinet and soprano and tenor sax. The fourth on clarinet, bass clarinet, and tenor sax. The Chicago production had the same doublings from Broadway but omitted the fourth woodwind part. The tour version has two woodwind players. The first doubles on flute and soprano and tenor sax. The second on clarinet and alto sax.
Characters and original casts.
The principal original cast of the West End, Broadway and Australian productions:
Awards and nominations.
The West End production was nominated for nine 2006 Laurence Olivier Awards and won four, including Best New Musical. At age thirteen, Liam Mower was the youngest actor to win the award, and the actors playing Billy were the first to win the award in a shared capacity. Lomas, Maguire, and Mower also jointly received the Theatre Goers' Choice Award 2005 for The Most Promising Newcomer. The production also won The Evening Standard Award 2005, among others. The Sydney production was nominated for eleven 2008 Helpmann Awards and won seven, including Best Musical.
The Sydney production was nominated for three 2007 Sydney Theatre Awards and won all three including Best Production of a Musical. The Melbourne production was nominated for twelve 2008 Green Room Awards and won six, including Best Production Music Theatre. The Broadway production received 15 Tony Award nominations in 2009, tied with "The Producers" for the most nominations ever received by a single show. It won ten Tony Awards, including the Best Musical. The lead actor award was shared by the three boys who opened in the title role, marking the first time in Tony history the award has been shared by three actors. The production was also nominated for ten Drama Desk Awards, winning all ten, including Outstanding Musical. It garnered ten 2008-09 Outer Critics Circle Awards nominations, winning seven, including Outstanding New Broadway Musical, as well as receiving an honorary Special Achievement Award for its three Billys. The six juvenile principals were recognized with an honorary Young Artist Award as Outstanding Broadway Musial Ensemble.

</doc>
<doc id="2916604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916604" title="Evangelical Council of Venezuela">
Evangelical Council of Venezuela

The Evangelical Council of Venezuela is an organization of evangelical mission agencies in Venezuela. Samuel Olson is president. , the council has been active in the announced expulsion of New Tribes Mission from the country.

</doc>
<doc id="2916607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916607" title="Force field (physics)">
Force field (physics)

In physics a force field is a vector field that describes a non-contact force acting on a particle at various positions in space. Specifically, a force field is a vector field formula_1, where formula_2 is the force that a particle would feel if it were at the point formula_3.
Restriction to position-dependent forces.
Some forces, including friction, air drag, and the magnetic force on a charged particle, depend on the particle's velocity as well as its position. Therefore these forces are not characterized by a force field.
Work done by a force field.
As a particle moves through a force field along a path "C", the work done by the force is a line integral
This value is independent of the velocity/momentum that the particle travels along the path. For a conservative force field, it is also independent of the path itself, but depends only on the starting and ending points. Therefore, if the starting and ending points are the same, the work is zero for a conservative force field.

</doc>
<doc id="2916615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916615" title="Force field (chemistry)">
Force field (chemistry)

In the context of molecular modeling, a force field refers to the form and parameters of mathematical functions used to describe the potential energy of a system of particles (typically molecules and atoms). Force field functions and parameter sets are derived from both experimental work and high-level quantum mechanical calculations. "All-atom" force fields provide parameters for every type of atom in a system, including hydrogen, while "united-atom" force fields treat the hydrogen and carbon atoms in each terminal methyl and each methylene bridge as a single interaction center. "Coarse-grained" force fields, which are frequently used in long-time simulations of proteins, provide even more crude representations for increased computational efficiency.
The usage of the term "force field" in chemistry and computational biology differs from the standard usage in physics. In chemistry it is a system of potential energy functions rather than the gradient of a scalar potential, as defined in physics.
Functional form.
The basic functional form of a force field encapsulates both bonded terms relating to atoms that are linked by covalent bonds, and nonbonded (also called "noncovalent") terms describing the long-range electrostatic and van der Waals forces. The specific decomposition of the terms depends on the force field, but a general form for the total energy in an additive force field can be written as
formula_1
where the components of the covalent and noncovalent contributions are given by the following summations:
formula_2
formula_3
The bond and angle terms are usually modeled as harmonic oscillators in force fields that do not allow bond breaking. A more realistic description of a covalent bond at higher stretching is provided by the more expensive Morse potential. Just as the potential energy can be written as a quadratic form in the internal coordinates, so it can also be written in terms of generalized forces. The resulting coefficients are termed compliance constants.
The functional form for the rest of the bonded terms is highly variable. Proper dihedral potentials are usually included. Additionally, "improper torsional" terms may be added to enforce the planarity of aromatic rings and other conjugated systems, and "cross-terms" that describe coupling of different internal variables, such as angles and bond lengths. Some force fields also include explicit terms for hydrogen bonds.
The nonbonded terms are most computationally intensive because they include many more interactions per atom. A popular choice is to limit interactions to pairwise energies. The van der Waals term is usually computed with a Lennard-Jones potential and the electrostatic term with Coulomb's law, although both can be buffered or scaled by a constant factor to account for electronic polarizability and produce better agreement with experimental observations.
Parameterization.
In addition to the functional form of the potentials, a force field defines a set of parameters for each type of atom. For example, a force field would include distinct parameters for an oxygen atom in a carbonyl functional group and in a hydroxyl group. The typical parameter set includes values for atomic mass, van der Waals radius, and partial charge for individual atoms, and equilibrium values of bond lengths, bond angles, and dihedral angles for pairs, triplets, and quadruplets of bonded atoms, and values corresponding to the effective spring constant for each potential. Most current force fields use a "fixed-charge" model by which each atom is assigned a single value for the atomic charge that is not affected by the local electrostatic environment; proposed developments in next-generation force fields incorporate models for polarizability, in which a particle's charge is influenced by electrostatic interactions with its neighbors. For example, polarizability can be approximated by the introduction of induced dipoles; it can also be represented by Drude particles, or massless, charge-carrying virtual sites attached by a springlike harmonic potential to each polarizable atom. The introduction of polarizability into force fields in common use has been inhibited by the high computational expense associated with calculating the local electrostatic field.
Although many molecular simulations involve biological macromolecules such as proteins, DNA, and RNA, the parameters for given atom types are generally derived from observations on small organic molecules that are more tractable for experimental studies and quantum calculations. Different force fields can be derived from dissimilar types of experimental data, such as enthalpy of vaporization (OPLS), enthalpy of sublimation, dipole moments, or various spectroscopic parameters.
Parameter sets and functional forms are defined by force field developers to be self-consistent. Because the functional forms of the potential terms vary extensively between even closely related force fields (or successive versions of the same force field), the parameters from one force field should never be used in conjunction with the potential from another.
Deficiencies.
All force fields are based on numerous approximations and derived from different types of experimental data. Therefore they are called "empirical". Some existing force fields do not account for electronic polarization of the environment, an effect that can significantly reduce electrostatic interactions of partial atomic charges. This problem was addressed by developing "polarizable force fields" or using macroscopic dielectric constant. However, application of a single value of dielectric constant is questionable in the highly heterogeneous environments of proteins or biological membranes, and the nature of the dielectric depends on the model used.
All types of van der Waals forces are also strongly environment-dependent, because these forces originate from interactions of induced and "instantaneous" dipoles (see Intermolecular force). The original Fritz London theory of these forces can only be applied in vacuum. A more general theory of van der Waals forces in condensed media was developed by A. D. McLachlan in 1963 (this theory includes the original London's approach as a special case). The McLachlan theory predicts that van der Waals attractions in media are weaker than in vacuum and follow the "like dissolves like" rule, which means that different types of atoms interact more weakly than identical types of atoms. This is in contrast to "combinatorial rules" or Slater-Kirkwood equation applied for development of the classical force fields. The "combinatorial rules" state that interaction energy of two dissimilar atoms (e.g. C…N) is an average of the interaction energies of corresponding identical atom pairs (i.e. C…C and N…N). According to McLachlan theory, the interactions of particles in a media can even be completely repulsive, as observed for liquid helium. The conclusions of McLachlan theory are supported by direct measurements of attraction forces between different materials (Hamaker constant), as explained by Jacob Israelachvili in his book "Intermolecular and surface forces". It was concluded that ""the interaction between hydrocarbons across water is about 10% of that across vacuum"". Such effects are unaccounted in the standard molecular mechanics.
Another round of criticism came from practical applications, such as protein structure refinement. It was noted that CASP participants did not try to refine their models to avoid ""a central embarrassment of molecular mechanics, namely that energy minimization or molecular dynamics generally leads to a model that is less like the experimental structure"". Actually, the force fields have been successfully applied for protein structure refinement in different X-ray crystallography and NMR spectroscopy applications, especially using program XPLOR. However, such refinement is driven primarily by a set of experimental constraints, whereas the force fields serve merely to remove interatomic hindrances. The results of calculations are practically the same with rigid sphere potentials implemented in program DYANA (calculations from NMR data), or with programs for crystallographic refinement that do not use any energy functions. The deficiencies of the force fields remain a major bottleneck in homology modeling of proteins. Such situation gave rise to development of alternative empirical scoring functions specifically for ligand docking, protein folding, homology model refinement, computational protein design, and modeling of proteins in membranes.
There is also an opinion that molecular mechanics may operate with energy which is irrelevant to protein folding or ligand binding. The parameters of typical force fields reproduce enthalpy of sublimation, i.e. energy of evaporation of molecular crystals. However, it was recognized that protein folding and ligand binding are thermodynamically very similar to crystallization, or liquid-solid transitions, because all these processes represent "freezing" of mobile molecules in condensed media. Therefore, free energy changes during protein folding or ligand binding are expected to represent a combination of an energy similar to heat of fusion (energy absorbed during melting of molecular crystals), a conformational entropy contribution, and solvation free energy. The heat of fusion is significantly smaller than enthalpy of sublimation. Hence, the potentials describing protein folding or ligand binding must be weaker than potentials in molecular mechanics. Indeed, the energies of H-bonds in proteins are ~ -1.5 kcal/mol when estimated from protein engineering or alpha helix to coil transition data, but the same energies estimated from sublimation enthalpy of molecular crystals were -4 to -6 kcal/mol. The depths of modified Lennard-Jones potentials derived from protein engineering data were also smaller than in typical force fields and followed the "like dissolves like" rule, as predicted by McLachlan theory.
Future perspectives.
Molecular mechanics or force field was first introduced apparently independently by Hill and by Westheimer in 1949, primarily applied to organic chemistry to estimate properties such as strain energies among others. The functional form of the force field, focused in this article applied to biological systems, was established by Lifson in the 1960s. For over a half century, force fields have served us well, providing useful insights into and interpretation of biomolecular structure and function. Undoubtedly, it will continue to be widely used, thanks to its computational efficiency, while its reliability will continue to be improved. Yet, there are many well-known deficiencies as noted above. In addition, the number of energy terms used in a given force field cannot be uniquely determined and a highly redundant number of degrees of freedom are typically used. Consequently, the "parameters" in different force fields can be vastly different. Of course, the emphasis to incorporate polarization into the standard pair-wise potentials can be very useful; however, there is no unique way of treating polarization in molecular mechanics because it is of quantum mechanical origin. Furthermore, often we are more interested in the properties derived from the dynamic dependence of the force field itself on molecular fluctuations.
One possibility is that the future development of force field ought to move beyond the current molecular mechanics approach, by using quantum mechanics explicitly to construct the force field. A number of the "polarizable force fields" listed below, such as density fitting and bond-polarization, already included some of the key ingredients towards this goal. The explicit polarization (X-Pol) method appears to have established the fundamental theoretical framework for a quantal force field; the next step is to develop the necessary parameters to achieve more accurate results than classical mechanics can offer.
Popular force fields.
Different force fields are designed for different purposes.
MM2 was developed by Norman Allinger primarily for conformational analysis of hydrocarbons and other small organic molecules. It is designed to reproduce the equilibrium covalent geometry of molecules as precisely as possible. It implements a large set of parameters that is continuously refined and updated for many different classes of organic compounds (MM3 and MM4).
CFF was developed by Arieh Warshel, Lifson and coworkers as a general method for unifying studies of energies, structures and vibration of general molecules and molecular crystals. The CFF program, developed by Levitt and Warshel, is based on the Cartesian representation of all the atoms, and it served as the basis for many subsequent simulation programs.
ECEPP was developed specifically for modeling of peptides and proteins. It uses fixed geometries of amino acid residues to simplify the potential energy surface. Thus, the energy minimization is conducted in the space of protein torsion angles. Both MM2 and ECEPP include potentials for H-bonds and torsion potentials for describing rotations around single bonds. ECEPP/3 was implemented (with some modifications) in Internal Coordinate Mechanics and FANTOM.
AMBER, CHARMM and GROMOS have been developed primarily for molecular dynamics of macromolecules, although they are also commonly applied for energy minimization. Therefore, the coordinates of all atoms are considered as free variables.
Classical force fields.
Note
Water models.
The set of parameters used to model water or aqueous solutions (basically a force field for water) is called a water model. Water has attracted a great deal of attention due to its unusual properties and its importance as a solvent. Many water models have been proposed; some examples are TIP3P, TIP4P, SPC, Flexible SPC, and ST2.

</doc>
<doc id="2916618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916618" title="David Valesky">
David Valesky

David J. Valesky (b. circa 1966) is a member of the New York State Senate. 
He is a Democrat representing the 53rd Senate District. He previously represented the mostly rural 49th Senate District, which encompassed the city of Rome in Oneida County, all of Madison County, eastern and southern Onondaga County, including the eastern half of the city of Syracuse, and parts of Cayuga County in upstate New York. He was first elected to the office in 2004.
Valesky holds a B.A. in mathematics from the State University of New York at Potsdam and an M.A. in political science from the University of Connecticut.
He served as aide to former New York State Assembly Majority Leader Michael Bragman from 1989 to 1995. From 1995 to 2004, he served as vice president of communications at Syracuse's public television and radio station WCNY-TV/WCNY-FM and hosted the local public affairs program, Hour CNY. He resigned from WCNY to pursue the 49th District seat.
Valesky is married to wife Julie, and they have three children. The Valesky family currently resides in Oneida, where Valesky was born and raised. They are Roman Catholics and attend St. Patrick's Parish Church.[http://www.davevalesky.com/index.php/page/n/aboutdavid]
Campaigns.
2004.
Valesky defeated longtime incumbent Nancy Larraine Hoffmann (R-Fabius) in a hotly contested, closely watched race. It was one of a handful of bellwether contests (since few State Senate districts typically have competitive races due to gerrymandering or entrenched incumbents) in a year when the Brennan Center for Justice of New York University had released a highly publicized report labeling New York's government as "dysfunctional."
A divisive Republican primary between Hoffmann and her more conservative challenger, Thomas V. Dadey, Jr., weakened her base of support, resulting in a three-way race after Dadey received the Conservative Party and Independence Party ballot lines. This helped to attract donor interest in Valesky. Hoffmann won the Republican primary with 9,768 votes to Dadey's 7,982 votes, a margin of 55.03% to 44.97%. 
Valesky received an endorsement from Nassau County Executive Tom Suozzi and ran using ideas from Suozzi's "Fix Albany" campaign. In 2006, however, Valesky actually endorsed Eliot Spitzer over Suozzi in the Democratic Party primary for Governor.
Hoffmann was seen as out of touch both with the conservative wing of her local party and also with voter anger at the Legislature -- a sentiment which Valesky's campaign skillfully capitalized on with a series of amusing TV ads, while he ran on a platform stressing legislative reform.
Rural areas of the 49th District went heavily for Hoffmann, while Valesky (running on the Democratic and Working Families Party lines) received strong support mainly from urban Syracuse and its surrounding suburbs. He likely benefited from John Kerry and Charles Schumer topping the Democrat ticket; both won Syracuse by comfortable margins. Valesky achieved a 1,060-vote majority on election night, but this lead narrowed to 742 votes as paper and absentee ballots were counted. However, he did not lose the lead, and Hoffmann conceded two weeks later. Valesky received 53,050 votes (50,279 Democratic Party and 2,771 Working Families Party), Hoffmann received 52,308 votes (Republican Party), and Dadey received 13,234 votes (7,820 Independence Party and 5,414 Conservative Party), a margin of 44.73% to 44.11% to 11.16%.
2006.
Valesky was re-elected to the state Senate in November 2006, defeating Assemblyman Jeffrey Brown, the Republican candidate. Although Brown received significantly more funding, outspending Valesky nearly 2 to 1, and also was the son of a long-time Assemblyman in the Syracuse suburbs, Valesky prevailed with 53,555 votes (50,075 Democratic Party and 3,480 Working Families Party) over Brown's 36,875 votes (30,502 Republican Party, 3,717 Conservative Party, and 2,656 Independence Party), a margin of 59.22% to 40.78%. Democrats also picked up Brown's Assembly seat.
Valesky tied Brown to Senate Majority Leader Joseph Bruno, widely criticized in the media for promoting 'business as usual politics.' Bruno had made the seat a target of GOP efforts to maintain control of the State Senate (they still held onto the chamber despite Valesky's reelection). Valesky also cited the endorsement of Eliot Spitzer (who appeared in commercials for Valesky) and teachers' unions; Brown had argued that Valesky's votes favored giving New York City an excessive percentage of the state's expenditure on education.
Again, coattails at the top of the Democrat ticket likely helped, as Spitzer and Hillary Rodham Clinton won landslide elections. 
2008.
Senator Valesky was reelected to a third term with 72,337 votes (67,536 Democratic Party and 4,801 Working Families Party) over James G. DiStefano with 39,819 votes (33,117 Republican Party, 3,889 Conservative Party, and 2,813 Independence Party), a margin of 64.50% to 35.50%.
2010.
David Valesky was again re-elected in 2010. David Valesky received 43,935 votes compared to his Republican opponent Andrew Russo's 39,317 votes. A margin of 52.77% to 47.23%
2012.
David Valesky was unopposed in the new heavily Democratic 53rd District.
In the Senate.
He took office as a state senator in January 2005. He is a former Ranking Minority Member of the Senate Agriculture Committee and a former Ranking Minority Member of the Environmental Conservation Committee. 
He is the Democratic Co-Chairman of the Special Committee on Rules and Administration. This committee was created to study Senate rules and make recommendations on rules changes.
Vice President Pro Tempore of the Senate.
On January 8, 2009 Senate Majority Leader Malcolm Smith announced Valesky's appointment as Vice President Pro Tempore of the Senate. One of Smith's top deputies, Valesky will serve as an "ex officio" member of all Senate committees and as Smith's top advisor on Upstate issues. Smith said the position's "ex officio" status on all committees will Valesky to address Upstate issues in all committees. In addition he serves as presiding officer of the Senate in Smith's absence, placing him third in line for succession to Governor of New York should Smith and David Paterson both resign, die or become incapacitated. Smith also said Valesky will be included in all budget discussions. [http://www.wktv.com/news/local/37278894.html] Valesky's appointment makes him the highest ranking Upstater in New York State Government and, officially, the third-highest ranked in all of the state (although arguably, Sheldon Silver, speaker of the New York State Assembly has more power). 
Legislation.
Bills sponsored.
Sponsor, S1452: To require the legislature to meet daily if it fails to pass the state budget prior to April 1 (2005)
Sponsor, S1453: To require bills and resolutions to be open to sponsorship by any member of the legislature (2005)
Sponsor, S2206: Requires approval by the legislature to increase any fee, rental, charge or toll for the use of the thruway system or any part thereof. (2007)
Sponsor, S1155: Establishes apportionment commission to create apportionment plans for congressional and state legislative districts based on federal censuses; repealer. (2007) 
Memo: "To establish an independent reapportionment commission to propose
district boundaries for Congress, State Senate and Assembly districts
every ten years following the U.S. Census."
Sponsor, S6426: Requires retail food stores to label certain foods with approximate miles traveled. (2007)

</doc>
<doc id="2916619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916619" title="Liam Mower">
Liam Mower

Liam Mower (born 30 May 1992 in Kingston upon Hull, England) is an English actor and dancer. Best known for his talent for ballet, he was one of the three boys who shared the lead role in the original London cast of "Billy Elliot the Musical". He is currently employed by Matthew Bourne and has appeared in his production of "Swan Lake" and "The Nutcracker".
Biography.
Early years.
Mower is from Kingston upon Hull. His father is an engineer, and his mother works in a sandwich shop. Mower has three brothers, (Luke, Lewis and Leighton). He became a boarding pupil at the Royal Ballet School (RBS) whilst still auditioning for Billy Elliot, but later scaled down his connection to it, in order to be able to meet his professional commitments without losing out on quality of life. Mower also attended the Northern Theatre Company (NTC) in Kingston upon Hull, but now studies at the Rambert School of Ballet and Contemporary Dance in Twickenham. Before taking up his place at Rambert, he was also offered a place at the London Studio Centre.
Career.
Mower's first performance as Billy, before the Press night (11 May 2005) was on 31 March 2005 and he continued performing until the end of September 2006. He also appeared in the Elton John video of Electricity and was featured in the BBC's "Children in Need" on 18 November 2005 performing Electricity. He also made several television appearances, such as his famed appearances on "Blue Peter". Mower made his final scheduled appearance in "Billy Elliot" on 30 September 2006. His departure was covered by the local and international press, as it spelt the end of the original child cast of 'Billys'. A dedication was made by the cast on his final performance, and he was presented with a dog, named "Billy". Upon his departure, Stephen Daldry stated that "Liam is a unique talent and we have all been blessed with the opportunity to see him flourish in Billy Elliot over the past eighteen months. Rarely does one ever come across a performer with so many skills and talents, particularly when matched by Liam’s determination and good humour. He has been at the centre of Billy Elliot’s extended family for three and a half years now and his last performance will be an overwhelmingly emotional evening. As Liam hurtles towards adulthood we will be saying goodbye to one of the most celebrated child performers ever in the West End. An end of an era for us and the beginning of another huge adventure for Liam."
He returned home to Archbishop Thurstan School (now Archbishop Sentamu academy for science), Hull, to study for GCSEs, but made a brief return to "Billy Elliot" on 22 November 2006, performing in a charity gala for the children's charity Place2Be. During the show he was joined by both Elton John and the "X-factor" judging panel who made cameo appearances as the RBS panel.
Mower's career after "Billy Elliot" was somewhat calmer, but he still kept up theatrical activities. He appeared as a minor part in October 2006 in "Thoroughly Modern Millie" at Hull New Theatre, and subsequently made an appearance in the popular ITV Crime Series, "Wire in the Blood" playing the part of Mikey. His most recent work has been his appearance as the title character in "Pinocchio" during Christmas 2007 at The Priestley Theatre in Bradford. He also appeared on the soundtrack to "Pinocchio" which is available on iTunes.
Mower recently stated that he would like to return to the West End stage, he personally stated he was taking singing lessons. He did very well at his GCSE's with 14 grades from A* to C. Mower also previously stated that he would like to be a dancer before being an actor: "After I have got my degree at the school I would like to join a dance company and then go into acting a bit later. It makes sense to do it that way round."
In November 2011, it was announced that Mower would be returning to the stage in Matthew Bourne's Nutcracker. In the production of the ballet, Mower was to be portraying one of the two Cupids.
In 2012, Mower spoke about his time working as Billy on a documentary called The Story of Musicals. In the interview, Billy Elliot lyricist Lee Hall said that on the first run through of the show, Mower was so physically strained that he vomited and the side of the stage after performing Angry Dance. Of the incident, Mower said: "I was just in mid-pirouette I just threw up everywhere. literally projectile vomited."
Awards.
He won, jointly with James Lomas and George Maguire, the Theatre Goers’ Choice Award 2005 for The Most Promising Newcomer. And on 26 February 2006 Mower, James Lomas and George Maguire received a Laurence Olivier Award for their performances in the musical, making them the first to win one in a shared capacity. This makes Mower the youngest ever winner of this award. Mower also baggad a Critics' Cirle Award the same month for Best Newcomer.

</doc>
<doc id="2916625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916625" title="Japanese cruiser Matsushima">
Japanese cruiser Matsushima

Background.
Forming the backbone of the Imperial Japanese Navy during the First Sino-Japanese War, the "Matsushima"-class cruisers were based on the principles of Jeune École, as promoted by French military advisor and naval architect Louis-Émile Bertin. The Japanese government did not have the resources or budget to build a battleship navy to counter the various foreign powers active in Asia; instead, Japan adopted the radical theory of using smaller, faster warships, with light armor and small caliber long-range guns, coupled with a massive single Canet gun. The design eventually proved impractical, as the recoil from the huge cannon was too much for a vessel of such small displacement, and its reloading time was impractically long; however, the "Matsushima"-class cruisers served their purpose well against the poorly equipped and poorly led Imperial Chinese Beiyang Fleet. 
"Matsushima" was built by the Société Nouvelle des Forges et Chantiers de la Méditerranée naval shipyards at La Seyne-sur-Mer in France.
Design.
"Matsushima" differed from her sister ships primarily in the location of her main gun, which was situated behind the superstructure instead of in the bow.
"Matsushima" had a steel hull with 94 frames constructed of mild steel, and a double bottom, divided into waterproof compartments, with the area between the bulkheads and armor filled with copra. The bow was reinforced with a naval ram. The vital equipment, including boilers and ammunition magazines, were protected by hardened steel armor, as were the gun shields. The main armament consisted of one breech-loading 320-mm Canet gun mounted in behind the superstructure of the ship, which could fire 450-kg armor-piercing or 350-kg explosive shells at an effective range of 8000 meters. The maximum rate of fire was two rounds per hour, and the ship carried 60 rounds. Secondary armament consisted of twelve QF 4.7 inch Gun Mk I–IV Armstrong guns, with a maximum range of 9000 meters and maximum rate of fire of 12 rounds/minute. Ten were mounted on the gun deck, five to each side, with the remaining two guns located in upper deck embrasures on either side of the bow. Each gun was equipped with 120 rounds. Tertiary protection was by six QF 6 pounder Hotchkiss mounted in sponsons on the upper deck, with a maximum range of 6000 meters and rate of fire of 20 rounds/minute. Each gun had 300 rounds. In addition, eleven QF 3 pounder Hotchkiss were mounted at various locations, with range of 2200 meters rate of fire of 32 rounds/minute and 800 rounds per gun. Each ship in the class also had four 356-mm torpedo tubes, three in the bow and one in the stern, with a total of 20 torpedoes carried on board. The weight of this weaponry made the design dangerously top-heavy, and armor was sacrificed in an attempt to lower the weight.
The ship was driven by two horizontal triple expansion steam engines. The seaworthiness of the design was poor, and the designed speed of 16.5 knots was seldom possible.
Service record.
"Matsushima" arrived in Sasebo Naval District on 19 October 1892. As part of her shakedown cruise, from June - November 1893, "Matsushima", and made a 160-day, 7000 nautical mile navigational training cruise off the shores of China, Korea and Russia.
First Sino-Japanese War.
After the start of the First Sino-Japanese War, "Matsushima" was the flagship of Admiral Itoh Sukeyuki. She played a central role in the Battle of the Yalu River, as a part of the Japanese main body with "Hashidate", and "Itsukushima". During the battle, the shortcomings of her design soon became evident - she was able to fire her Canet gun only four times, knocking out one of the guns on the . During the battle, one of the 259-mm shells from "Pingyuan" struck "Matsushima" in her unarmored starboard side, destroying her torpedo tubes, and killing four crewmen, but the shell failed to explode. However, two of the 305-mm shells from also struck "Matsushima". One failed to detonate, and passed through both sides of the hull. The other exploded, destroying the No.4 120-mm gun on the gun deck as it was being loaded, killing 28 crewmen and wounding 68 others. The fire from this explosion knocked three other guns out of commission, and only the quick action by a non-commissioned officer who stuffed his uniform into cracks in a bulkhead prevented the fire from spreading to an ammunition magazine. "Matsushima" also took numerous hits from smaller caliber artillery, damaging her smokestack, masts, and deck equipment, forcing her withdrawal from combat. In all, "Matsushima" lost 57 men (including three officers) and 54 wounded (including four officers) in the battle – more than half of the Japanese casualties during the entire battle. Admiral Itoh was forced to transfer his flag to "Hashidate" as "Matsushima" returned to Kure Naval Arsenal for repairs.
With crews working around the clock, "Matsushima" was able to return to active duty after 26 days, participating in the Battle of Lushunkou and the Battle of Weihaiwei. While engaged in shore bombardment of the land fortifications of Weihaiwei harbor, "Matsushima" was hit by two shells from the defenders. One shell destroyed her chart house and damaged her smokestack, and the other exploded on her deck armor, wounding two crewmen. At the end of the battle, representatives from the Beiyang Fleet arrived on the deck of "Matsushima" to sign documents of surrender.
"Matsushima" was among the Japanese fleet units that took part in the invasion of Taiwan in 1895, and saw action on 3 June 1895 at the bombardment of the Chinese coastal forts at Keelung.
Interwar years.
After the end of the war, while accompanying the ironclad battleship near the island of Shikoku, a strong wind caused "Fusō" to drift from her anchorage. She was rammed and sunk by "Matsushima", but was subsequently raised and repaired.
"Matsushima" was reclassified as a 2nd class cruiser on 21 March 1898. Prince Arisugawa Takehito was later appointed captain, followed by future admiral Uryū Sotokichi. 
From 3 May 1898 to 15 September 1898, "Matsushima" was assigned to patrolling the sea lanes between Taiwan and Manila, during the period of heightened tension between Japan and the United States during the Spanish-American War. 
In April 1900, "Matsushima" participated in large-scale naval maneuvers, and later that year escorted Japanese transports to China during the Boxer Rebellion. She underwent renovation at the Sasebo Naval Arsenal from February 1901, during which time her six boilers were replaced by eight more reliable Belleville boilers. Her smaller guns were also upgraded by replacement with additional 76-mm guns and 18 QF 3 pounder Hotchkiss 47-mm guns.
In 1902, "Matsushima" was dispatched to Minami Torishima, in an armed response to American claims that the island was American territory.
In 1903, Matsushima made the first of its long distance navigational training voyages, visiting Southeast Asia and Australia.
Russo-Japanese War.
During the Russo-Japanese War, the hopelessly obsolete "Matsushima" and her sister ships were assigned to the 5th squadron of the reserve IJN 3rd Fleet, together with the equally outdated ironclad battleship under the command of Admiral Shichiro Kataoka. She was based out of the Takeshiki Guard District on Tsushima island for patrols of the Korea Strait in early February 1904. In May 1904, she assisted in the escort of transports carrying the IJA 2nd Army, and at the end of the month was present at the blockade of Port Arthur.
During the Battle of the Yellow Sea of 10 August, "Matsushima" shadowed the Russian fleet, but was unable to close to combat distance. After the end of the Battle of Port Arthur, "Matsushima" was reassigned to Hakodate for patrols of the Tsugaru Strait. During this time, she captured the British-flagged steamship "Istria" with a cargo of contraband coal attempting to run the Japanese blockade into Port Arthur, but her capture was overturned in a Japanese prize court. On 28 February, she was briefly trapped in sea ice off of the island of Kunashir, but managed to break free, losing her right propeller and damaging some of her armor plating. She was repaired from March–April 1905 at the Sasebo Naval Arsenal.
At the final Battle of Tsushima, "Matsushima" was assigned to the 5th Division of the Japanese fleet. At the end of the first day of the battle, she was able to attack the cruisers and , but took a hit in return which damaged her steering and put her out of action until repairs could be completed. The following day, she covered the surrender of the remnants of the Russian fleet by Admiral Nebogatov. After the battle, she continued in patrols of the Korea Strait.
Later "Matsushima" was assigned as flagship of Admiral Dewa Shigeto in the IJN 4th Fleet, which was formed for the Japanese invasion of Sakhalin in July and August 1905. She was overhauled at Sasebo Naval Arsenal in September and October.
Final years.
After the end of the war, "Matsushima" reverted to its former role as a training vessel, making long distance navigational training cruises with Imperial Japanese Naval Academy cadets to Southeast Asia and Australia in 1906, 1907 and 1908.
On 30 April 1908, while anchored at Mako in the Pescadores islands off of Taiwan while returning from a training cruise, an accidental explosion occurred in her ammunition magazine. "Matsushima" rolled over onto her starboard side and then sank stern-first at . The accident killed 206 of her 350 member crew. She was struck from the navy list on 31 July 1908. Later, her wreckage was raised and scrapped.
A memorial to the "Matsushima"-class ships in general, and "Matsushima" in particular is located at the temple of Omido-ji in Mihama, Aichi prefecture. The memorial contains one of "Matsushima's" 320 mm shells, weighing 450 kg, and standing 97.5 cm tall.

</doc>
<doc id="2916626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916626" title="NFU">
NFU

NFU is a three-letter initialism which may stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="2916627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916627" title="Edgewood State Hospital">
Edgewood State Hospital

Edgewood State Hospital was a tubercular/psychiatric hospital complex that formerly stood in Deer Park, New York, on Long Island, New York, USA. It was one of four state mental asylums built on Long Island (the others being Kings Park State Hospital, Central Islip State Hospital, and Pilgrim State Hospital), and was the last one of the four to be built.
The hospital was built in the early 1940s, believed to be a Works Progress Administration-funded project. It consisted only of ten buildings (including its massive, prominent 13-story main building), making it the smallest of the four as well (although it was planned to be a larger complex, those plans never made it past paper). The facility was commandeered by the War Department after the United States entered World War II. The War Department completed its construction for use as a psychiatric facility for battle-traumatized soldiers. Its entire campus (in addition to three buildings from nearby Pilgrim State Hospital and numerous temporary structures) was used as "Mason General Hospital" by the department.
When the war ended, the hospital was transferred back to New York State, where it essentially operated as the tubercular division of Pilgrim for a few years. In 1946 film director John Huston was assigned by the U.S government to film a documentary film about recovering soldiers in the hospital for propaganda purposes, the film was called "Let There Be Light".
Advancements in medicine throughout the 1950s and 1960s that offered alternatives to institutionalization led to decentralization, and the hospital closed in 1971. From that point on it was left to the mercy of vandals, arsonists and time. Its main building and a handful of other structures were demolished in stages throughout 1989. The final remaining structures were disposed of around 1990–91.
Today, the site sits as an open, state-protected oak-brush plains preserve under the NYS DEC department. One can still find remnants of the former hospital, such as the old rail spur, fire hydrants, etc., scattered about. People can obtain a free DEC permit for access to the preserve. Activities include hiking, biking, dog training, and model airplane flying.

</doc>
<doc id="2916630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916630" title="Gypsy, West Virginia">
Gypsy, West Virginia

Gypsy is a census-designated place (CDP) in Harrison County, West Virginia, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 328.

</doc>
<doc id="2916631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916631" title="Sodium sulfide">
Sodium sulfide

Sodium sulfide is the chemical compound with the formula Na2S, or more commonly its hydrate Na2S·9H2O. Both are colorless water-soluble salts that give strongly alkaline solutions. When exposed to moist air, Na2S and its hydrates emit hydrogen sulfide, which smells like rotten eggs. Some commercial samples are specified as Na2S·"x"H2O, where a weight percentage of Na2S is specified. Commonly available grades have around 60% Na2S by weight, which means that "x" is around 3. Such technical grades of sodium sulfide have a yellow appearance owing to the presence of polysulfides. These grades of sodium sulfide are marketed as 'sodium sulfide flakes'. Although the solid is yellow, solutions of it are colorless.
Structure.
Na2S adopts the antifluorite structure, which means that the Na+ centers occupy sites of the fluoride in the CaF2 framework, and the larger S2− occupy the sites for Ca2+. In solution, the salt, by definition, dissociates. The dianion S2− does not, however, exist in appreciable amounts in water. Sulfide is too strong a base to coexist with water.
Production.
Industrially Na2S is produced by reduction of Na2SO4 with carbon, in the form of coal:
In the laboratory, the anhydrous salt can be prepared by reduction of sulfur with sodium in anhydrous ammonia. Alternatively, sulfur can be reduced by sodium in dry THF with a catalytic amount of naphthalene:
Reactions.
The dissolution process can be described as follows:
Sodium sulfide can oxidize when heated to sodium carbonate and sulfur dioxide:
Upon treatment with sulfur, polysulfides are formed:
Uses.
Sodium sulfide is primarily used in pulp and paper industry in the kraft process. It is used in water treatment as an oxygen scavenger agent and also as a metals precipitant, in the photographic industry to protect developer solutions from oxidation, in textile industry as a bleaching, and as a desulfurising and as a dechlorinating agent and in leather trade for the sulfitisation of tanning extracts. It is used in chemical manufacturing as a sulfonation and sulfomethylation agent. It is used in the production of rubber chemicals, sulfur dyes and other chemical compounds. It is used in other applications including ore flotation, oil recovery, food preservative, making dyes, and detergent.
Sodium sulfide is an active ingredient in some over-the-counter ingrown toenail relief products.
Safety.
Like sodium hydroxide, sodium sulfide is strongly alkaline and can cause skin burns. Acids react with it to rapidly produce hydrogen sulfide, which is a toxic and foul-smelling gas.

</doc>
<doc id="2916632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916632" title="Gary Sange">
Gary Sange

Gary Sange is a contemporary American poet and professor of poetry at Virginia Commonwealth University. His poetry has been anthologized in "New Voices in American Poetry" and "Southern Poetry Review 20 Year Anniversary". His book "Sudden Around the Bend" was recently published by The University of Missouri–Kansas City.
Well known amongst his students for considering himself to be one of the most unconventional professors at VCU, Sange begins each of his classes with a forced 3-5 minute meditation. 

</doc>
<doc id="2916634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916634" title="Tokyo – New York">
Tokyo – New York

Tokyo – New York by the band Vodka Collins is an EMI-Toshiba LP, recorded in 1971-72. The album was a top seller and yielded hit singles "Sands of Time", "Automatic Pilot", and "Billy Mars". <br>
The album was produced by Masatoshi Hashiba, who also produced the successful Sadistic Mika Band for EMI at around the same time. "Tokyo - New York" was reissued in Japan on April 20, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="2916635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916635" title="12 Cancri">
12 Cancri

12 Cancri (12 Cnc) is a star in the constellation Cancer. Its apparent magnitude is 6.25.

</doc>
<doc id="2916636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916636" title="Lakeview School District (Battle Creek)">
Lakeview School District (Battle Creek)

The Lakeview School District is a school district in suburban Battle Creek, Michigan. The district completed construction of a brand new, multi-million dollar state of the art high school in early 2006 which includes a ten lane competition pool, a unique "black box" auditorium, and an open concept media center. The Spartan is the school district's mascot. The district colors are purple and white.
Elementary schools.
Principal: Laura Williams
Principal: Carol Disler
Principal: Denise Myers
Principal: Don Hoaglin
Middle schools.
Middle School Principal: Mike Norstrom
Assistant Principals:Mr. Cork Baker and Mr. Travis May
High schools.
Principal: Mr. Jeffrey V. Bohl
Assistant Principals: Mr. Martin Pessetti and Mr. Darin Schmidt
Student profile.
Lakeview School District serves over 3,300 students yearly in its K-12 and Alternative Education programs. Students attend classes in one of seven District buildings, including a high school, a middle school (grades 5-8), and four elementary schools (grades K-4).
Sports teams.
Sports teams include:

</doc>
<doc id="2916637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916637" title="15 Cancri">
15 Cancri

15 Cancri (15 Cnc, BM Cancri, BM Cnc) is an α2 CVn variable star in the constellation Cancer. Its apparent magnitude is 5.62.

</doc>
<doc id="2916638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916638" title="The Victors">
The Victors

"The Victors" is the fight song of the University of Michigan (UM). It was composed by UM student Louis Elbel in 1898 following the last-minute football victory over the University of Chicago that clinched a league championship. John Philip Sousa is quoted as saying The Victors is "the greatest college fight song ever written." First performed in public in 1899, "The Victors" did not catch on right away, and did not become Michigan's official fight song until many years later. At the time, the song "There'll Be a Hot Time in the Old Town Tonight" was considered to be the school song.
An abbreviated version of the fight song, based on the final refrain, is played after the football team either scores or makes a big defensive play, such as an interception. Its full lyrics span several verses that run over two minutes long. The melody of the fight song is very similar to the trio section from "The Spirit of Liberty March", published seven months earlier by Tin Pan Alley composer George "Rosey" Rosenberg. This song is often referred to as "Hail to the Victors," which is not correct.
The phrase "champions of the West" is often misunderstood, and is in reality a reference to Michigan's membership in the Western Conference, later renamed the Big Ten. Accordingly, after Michigan temporarily withdrew from the Western Conference in 1907, a new Michigan fight song "Varsity" was written in 1911 because the line "champions of the West" was no longer appropriate. Both songs were highly popular, and with Michigan's reentry to the Western Conference in 1917, followed by an undefeated football season in 1918, the lyrics to The Victors became apt once again.
The lyrics are unusual for a fight song, in that the typical fight song exhorts its team to play well and win, whereas "The Victors" is sung in celebration of a win after the fact.
The University's Flint branch campus selected "The Victors" as their sports nickname in an unofficial student vote.
Uses and performances.
The chorus of the song ("Hail! to the victors valiant," etc.) is played at all University of Michigan sports competitions, as well as many UM band events, first year student orientation and welcoming events, and graduation commencement ceremonies. When the song is played at any event, most fans stand and clap in rhythm until the chorus. During the chorus, fans clap and sing along and thrust their fists in the air at each repetition of the word "Hail!" This raising of the fist during the chorus has become a well-known sight indicative of UM athletics and school spirit. Recently, fans have started to yell the phrase "Go Blue!" at the conclusion of the chorus. However, during hockey games, it is more common to insert "Let's Go Blue!" in between the two stanzas of the chorus (after the line "...leaders and best.") than it is to end with "Go Blue!" More recently, the hockey fans at Yost Ice Arena have begun adopting the football cheer version and ending in "Go Blue!" in addition to the aforementioned "Let's Go Blue!" in the middle of the song.
Since UM athletics and "The Victors" are both popular, the University of Michigan has also used the words to the fight song as an advertising tool. For example, commercials for the University of Michigan Health System's "The Michigan Difference" campaign have featured the words to the chorus of "The Victors" over pictures of children in hospital beds, amputees and post-surgical patients living active lives, and doctors performing surgery. The musical accompaniment to these commercials is a light chamber orchestra/pop rendition of the fight song.
UM alumnus Gerald R. Ford, the 38th President of the United States, often had the Naval band play the fight song prior to state events instead of "Hail to the Chief". He also selected the song to be played during his December 2006 funeral procession at the U.S. Capitol. The Michigan Marching Band played this tune for him one final time, for his last ride from the Gerald R. Ford International Airport in Grand Rapids, Michigan.
Lyrics.
There were also, an alternate set of lyrics that were found in University athletic files circa the 1920s. It is not known if Elbel or someone else wrote them-

</doc>
<doc id="2916640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916640" title="21 Cancri">
21 Cancri

21 Cancri (21 Cnc) is a star in the constellation Cancer. Its apparent magnitude is 6.11.

</doc>
<doc id="2916645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916645" title="Joshua Rose">
Joshua Rose

Joshua Rose (born 16 December 1981 in Rockhampton, Queensland) is an Australian football (soccer) player who plays for Central Coast Mariners.
Club career.
Before joining the Romanian club FC Universitatea Craiova he played for the New Zealand Knights Football Club in the Hyundai A-League and the Brisbane Strikers in the National Soccer League.
In Romania, Rose played for three years, and was really appreciated by Stiinta's fans.
On 8 March 2010, he signed a two-year deal with A-League club Central Coast Mariners. This was Graham Arnold's first signing since becoming coach of the club. On Thursday 17 June He made his debut and scored for the team in a friendly against fellow Gosford club Central Coast Lightning in the which the Mariners won 7-1. Rose had an outstanding first season with the club, helping it to a second placed finish and a Grand Final appearance. Rose also won the prestigious Peter Turnbull medal for Mariners player of the season.
On 20 July 2013, Rose started for the A-League All Stars in the inaugural A-League All Stars Game against Manchester United, a match in which the A-League All Stars were thrashed 5-1, courtesy of goals from Danny Welbeck, Jesse Lingard and Robin van Persie. Rose was substituted off in the 64th minute of the match, and was replaced by Western Sydney Wanderers forward Mark Bridge.
Honors.
Personal
Club
With Central Coast Mariners:

</doc>
<doc id="2916648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916648" title="Japanese cruiser Itsukushima">
Japanese cruiser Itsukushima

Background.
Forming the backbone of the Imperial Japanese Navy during the First Sino-Japanese War, the "Matsushima"-class cruisers were based on the principles of Jeune Ecole, as promoted by French military advisor and naval architect Louis-Émile Bertin. The Japanese government did not have the resources or budget to build a battleship navy to counter the various foreign powers active in Asia; instead, Japan adopted the radical theory of using smaller, faster warships, with light armor and small caliber long-range guns, coupled with a massive single Canet gun. The design eventually proved impractical, as the recoil from the huge cannon was too much for a vessel of such small displacement, and its reloading time was impractically long; however, the "Matsushima"-class cruisers served their purpose well against the poorly equipped and poorly led Imperial Chinese Beiyang Fleet. 
"Itsukushima" was built by the Société Nouvelle des Forges et Chantiers de la Méditerranée naval shipyards at La Seyne-sur-Mer, in France, and was launched on 18 June 1889. She underwent trials by the builder in September and October, and achieved an average maximum speed of 16.78 knots on 15 October 1890.
Design.
"Itsukushima" differed from her sister ship "Hashidate" primarily in that her windows were square instead of rectangular, and in that "Hashidate" had a stronger engine.
"Itsukushima" had a steel hull with 94 frames constructed of mild steel, and a double bottom, divided into waterproof compartments, with the area between the bulkheads and armor filled with copra. The bow was reinforced with a naval ram. The vital equipment, including boilers and ammunition magazines, were protected by hardened steel armor, as were the gun shields. The main armament consisted of one breech-loading 320-mm Canet gun mounted in the bow of the ship, which could fire 450-kg armor-piercing or 350-kg explosive shells at an effective range of 8000 meters. The maximum rate of fire was two rounds per hour, and the ship carried 60 rounds. Secondary armament consisted of eleven QF 4.7 inch Gun Mk I–IV Armstrong guns, with a maximum range of 9000 meters and maximum rate of fire of 12 rounds/minute. Ten were mounted on the gun deck, five to each side, with the 11th gun located on the upper deck of the fantail. Each gun was equipped with 120 rounds. Tertiary protection was by six QF 6 pounder Hotchkiss mounted in sponsons on the upper deck, with a maximum range of 6000 meters and rate of fire of 20 rounds/minute. Each gun had 300 rounds. In addition, eleven QF 3 pounder Hotchkiss were mounted at various locations, with range of 2200 meters rate of fire of 32 rounds/minute and 800 rounds per gun. Each ship in the class also had four 356-mm torpedo tubes, three in the bow and one in the stern, with a total of 20 torpedoes carried on board. The weight of all of this weaponry led to the design becoming dangerously top-heavy, and armor was sacrificed in an effort to reduce weight.
The ship was driven by two horizontal triple expansion steam engines. However, the design had problems with seaworthiness, and the design speed was seldom attained in operation.
Service record.
"Itsukushima" was accepted by the Imperial Japanese Navy on 3 September 1891, and departed Toulon for Japan on 12 November. However, during the voyage, her tube boilers began to leak profusely, and she had to be repaired in Colombo Ceylon by a repair team sent from France. She was only able to depart Colombo on 18 April 1892, arriving at Kure Naval District on 21 May 1892.
First Sino-Japanese War.
As one of the most modern vessels in the Imperial Japanese Navy, "Itsukushima" became part of the main Japanese fleet under Vice Admiral Itoh Sukeyuki, and participated in the 17 September 1894 Battle of the Yalu River. Assigned third place in the Japanese line of battle, behind "Matsushima" and , the shortcomings of her design soon became evident. During the battle, she was able to fire her Canet gun only five times, hitting the Chinese flagship four times and once, without creating appreciable damage to either vessel. In return, she took eight hits, including one to her engine room, bow torpedo room and one which severed her main mast. In the encounter, she suffered 15 killed and 17 wounded.
Afterwards, "Itsukushima" was assigned to protect convoys transporting troops and equipment to Manchuria and saw combat again at the Battle of Weihaiwei of 9 February 1895. During this battle, she was hit by a dud shell from one of the Chinese coastal batteries, which did not cause any significant damage.
After the end of the war, "Itsukushima" was reclassified as a 2nd class cruiser on 21 March 1898. She suffered persistent problems with her boilers, which were de-rated in pressure by February 1900, limiting her speed to less than 12.5 knots. Her 37-mm guns were also replaced by six Maxim guns in 1900.
During the Boxer Rebellion, "Itsukushima" was assigned to Shanghai to help protect Japanese civilians and interests.
On 25 February 1901, "Itsukushima" and "Hashidate" departed Yokosuka on a training tour which took them to Manila, Batavia, Hong Kong, Chelumpo, Pusan, Gensan, and Vladivostok, returning to Yokosuka on 14 August 1901. On her return, she was overhauled, with her boilers replaced by more reliabe Belleville boilers, and her smaller armament replaced by two 76-mm guns and 18 QF 3 pounder Hotchkiss 47-mm guns. She then repeated her 1901 training cruise again in 1903, 1906, 1907 and 1914.
Russo-Japanese War.
During the Russo-Japanese War, the obsolete "Itsukushima" and her sister ships were assigned to the 5th squadron of the reserve IJN 3rd Fleet, together with the equally outdated ironclad battleship under the command of Admiral Kataoka Shichirō. Despite the limited capability of his ships, Admiral Kataoka was assigned to support the blockade of Port Arthur by patrols and escorts in the Korea Strait starting in February 1904 based out of the Takeshiki Guard District on Tsushima island. During May, "Itsukushima" covered the landings of the Japanese First Army and Japanese Second Army in Manchuria. From June through July, "Itsukushima" supported the Battle of Port Arthur by patrols of the harbor mouth, and shore bombardment of Russian positions, skirmishing with the Russian cruiser on 26 June and with the cruiser on 9 July, and with "Bayan", and on 26 July.
On 10 August 1904, "Itsukushima" was under repairs and could not take part in the Battle of the Yellow Sea, but was in position to monitor the return of the Russian fleet to Port Arthur. "Itsukushima" remained stationed at the entrance to Port Arthur until the Russian surrender in January 1905. After the fall of Port Arthur, on 8 February, "Itsukushima" returned to Kure Naval Arsenal for repairs, which took until 22 March. On 5 April, she was back on station in the Korea Strait.
At the time of the Battle of Tsushima on 27 May 1905, "Itsukushima" was the flagship for Vice Admiral Kataoka’s 3rd Squadron. "Itsukushima" opened fire on the Russian cruisers and at around 1630 at a distance of 8000 meters. Fighting continued past sundown, with the Japanese squadron sinking the repair ship "Kamchatka" and the battleship . During the first day of the battle, "Itsukushima" took no damage. After participating in accepting the surrender by Russian Admiral Nebogatov of the remaining ships in the Russian formation on 28 May, "Itsukushima" began a search for any stragglers who might attempt an escape towards Vladivostok. She returned to patrols in the Korea Strait on 30 May.
On 14 June, "Itsukushima" was assigned to the force assembled for the invasion of Sakhalin, which took place in July. Afterwards, she was assigned to patrols of Tsugaru Strait and returned to Yokosuka Naval Arsenal for repairs on 26 August. She participated in the naval review celebrating the Japanese victory in Yokohama on 23 October.
On 28 August 1912, "Itsukushima" was re-classified as a 2nd class Coastal Defense Vessel, and later used as a submarine tender. She was demilitarized on 1 September 1920 and re-classified as a training hulk. She was struck from the navy list and scrapped on 12 March 1926 at Kure Naval Arsenal.

</doc>
<doc id="2916649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916649" title="Installed base">
Installed base

Installed base (also install base, install[ed] user base or just user base) is a measure of the number of units of a particular type of system—usually a computing platform—actually in use, as opposed to market share, which only reflects sales over a particular period. Although the install base number is often created using the number of units that have been sold within a particular period, it isn't necessarily restricted to just systems, as it can also be products in general. Because installed base includes machines that may have been in use for many years, it is usually a higher figure than market share. Many people see it as a more reliable indicator of a platform's popularity. 
Installed base is not the same as the total number of units sold at any given moment in time (cumulative sales numbers), since some of those units will typically be out of use because they have broken, gone missing, been made obsolete or replaced by newer versions.

</doc>
<doc id="2916650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916650" title="Halo, West Virginia">
Halo, West Virginia

Halo is an unincorporated community in Webster County, West Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="2916654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916654" title="Danny Milosevic">
Danny Milosevic

Danny Milosevic (Serbian: Дени Милошевић, "Deni Milošević", born 26 June 1978 in Melbourne, Australia) is the Director of Football of National Premier Leagues Victoria club Ballarat Red Devils. A former Australian Under-23 international at the 2000 Olympic Games and under 17,20 youth international, Danny came to the Knights after five years at Leeds United in England where he was understudy to goalkeepers of such pedigree as Nigel Martyn and Paul Robinson.
Biography.
Danny started off his professional career with the Canberra Cosmos in the old NSL and captained the Under 20 Australian side to the World Youth Cup in 1997 as well as playing in Germany before joining Perth Glory where he was a high profile signing under popular new coach Bernd Stange in 1998. Whilst having a strong start to his time in Perth and gaining cult hero status, an incident against the Gippsland Falcons.
Danny moved to Leeds United F.C. for £110,000 after only one season at the Perth Glory and he hardly ever got a chance with the likes of England number two Nigel Martyn and now England number one Paul Robinson ahead of him. He was eventually released by Leeds United F.C. and was signed up on a pay as you play contract by Celtic. He left the club without playing after citing personal problems.
Danny never returned to Glasgow, and was without a club until he joined the New Zealand Knights for the inaugural A-League season on the advice of former glory team mate Danny Hay. The Knights first season was a disaster, despite Milosevic's often valiant efforts in keeping scorelines below 10–0 and more like 3–0. However the poor morale and politics at the club and increasing strain on them to promote people who were not dedicated to the club and its plight saw Milosevic demoted to the bench with All-Whites keeper Paston ahead of him. Before the close of the A-League's second season Milosevic was forced out of the club by internal politics of the boardroom and coaching staff.
Danny is now owner of One 2 One football, a football coaching,promotion,consultation and worldwide football marketing company. A new brand of Goalkeeping gloves designed by Danny called XSENTR1Q was launched recently onto the worldwide market.
Milosevic accepted the position of Director of Football at newly promoted NPLV club Ballarat Red Devils in December 2013 ahead of the innagural 2014 NPLV season. He was motivated to work with the club's youth academy.

</doc>
<doc id="2916658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916658" title="The Wes Montgomery Trio">
The Wes Montgomery Trio

The Wes Montgomery Trio (or A Dynamic New Sound: Guitar Organ Drums) is the third album by American jazz guitarist Wes Montgomery, released in 1959. It has been reissued by Original Jazz Classics.
The track "Missile Blues" is named after the club Montgomery regularly played at in Indianapolis before his move to New York to record for Riverside. It was at this club that he first met producer Orrin Keepnews.
Reception.
In his Allmusic review, music critic Ronnie D. Lankford, Jr. wrote of the album "The only drawback is that the accompaniment, which though solid, doesn't seem to perfectly match his guitar style... Montgomery's performance... was a revolution in technique and execution. Suddenly, out of nowhere, a 36-year-old guitarist re-imagines the jazz guitar solo."
Track listing.
Tracks 6 & 8 do not appear on the original album.
Personnel.
Production notes:
Session information.
Cuts 1, 5, 6, 7, 8 recorded at Reeves Sound Studios, NYC, October 5, 1959<br>
Cuts 2, 3, 4, 9, 10, 11 recorded at Reeves Sound Studios, NYC, October 6, 1959
Riverside RLP 12-310, Riverside OJCCD-034-2

</doc>
<doc id="2916659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916659" title="Japanese cruiser Hashidate">
Japanese cruiser Hashidate

Background.
Forming the backbone of the Imperial Japanese Navy during the First Sino-Japanese War, the "Matsushima"-class cruisers were based on the principles of Jeune Ecole, as promoted by French military advisor and naval architect Louis-Émile Bertin. The Japanese government did not have the resources or budget to build a battleship navy to counter the various foreign powers active in Asia; instead, Japan adopted the radical theory of using smaller, faster warships, with light armor and small caliber long-range guns, coupled with a massive single Canet gun. The design eventually proved impractical, as the recoil from the huge cannon was too much for a vessel of such small displacement, and its reloading time was impractically long; however, the "Matsushima"-class cruisers served their purpose well against the poorly equipped and poorly led Imperial Chinese Beiyang Fleet. 
There were originally plans to build a fourth vessel in this class, and its cancellation due concerns over the design was one of the factors that led to Bertin's resignation and return to France.
Design.
"Hashidate" differed from her sister ship "Itsukushima" primarily in that her windows were rectangular instead of square, and in that she had a stronger engine.
As with "Itsukushima", "Hashidate" had a steel hull with 94 frames constructed of mild steel, and a double bottom, divided into waterproof compartments, with the area between the bulkheads and armor filled with copra. The bow was reinforced with a naval ram. The vital equipment, including boilers and ammunition magazines, were protected by hardened steel armor, as were the gun shields. The main battery consisted of one breech-loading 320-mm Canet gun mounted in the bow of the ship, which could fire 450-kg armor-piercing or 350-kg explosive shells at an effective range of 8000 meters. The maximum rate of fire was two rounds per hour, and the ship carried 60 rounds. Secondary armament consisted of eleven QF 4.7 inch Gun Mk I–IV Armstrong guns, with a maximum range of 9000 meters and maximum rate of fire of 12 rounds/minute. Ten were mounted on the gun deck, five to each side, with the 11th gun located on the upper deck of the fantail. Each gun was equipped with 120 rounds. Tertiary protection was by six QF 6 pounder Hotchkiss mounted in sponsons on the upper deck, with a maximum range of 6000 meters and rate of fire of 20 rounds/minute. Each gun had 300 rounds. In addition, eleven QF 3 pounder Hotchkiss were mounted at various locations, with range of 2200 meters rate of fire of 32 rounds/minute and 800 rounds per gun. Each ship in the class also had four 356-mm torpedo tubes, three in the bow and one in the stern, with a total of 20 torpedoes carried on board. The weight of all of this weaponry made the design dangerously top-heavy, and armor was sacrificed in an effort to reduce weight. 
The ship was driven by two horizontal triple expansion steam engines. However, the design had problems with seaworthiness, and was seldom able to attain its design speed of 16.5 knots in operation.
Service life.
"Hashidate" was built by the Yokosuka Naval Arsenal, with many materials imported from overseas. Due to the inexperience of the builders, construction took three years. She was laid down on 6 August 1888, and launched on 24 March 1891 in the presence of Emperor Meiji. Sea trials were complicated by various issues with her boilers, and she was commissioned into the Imperial Japanese Navy on 26 June 1894 despite the fact that one of her boilers had yet to be repaired after having failed in testing.
First Sino-Japanese War.
"Hashidate" was rushed into service just prior to the start of the First Sino-Japanese War and saw combat in the Battle of the Yalu River under the overall command of Vice Admiral Itoh Sukeyuki. Assigned in fourth place in the Japanese line of battle, after "Matsushima", and "Itsukushima", the shortcomings of her design soon became evident. During the battle, she was able to fire her Canet Gun only four times, failing to hit any of the Chinese ships. After "Matsushima" was damaged, "Hashidate" became flagship. During the battle, she suffered eleven hits, which killed three crewmen (including two officers) and wounded nine others.
"Hashidate" remained flagship after the battle, escorting Japanese forces for the Battle of Lushunkou and providing ground support against the land fortifications of Dalian harbor. During the Battle of Weihaiwei on 30 January 1895, "Hashidate" bombarded the land fortresses guarding Weihaiwei harbor, and later entered the harbor itself to accept the Chinese surrender on 12 February.
Interwar years.
"Hashidate" underwent repairs immediately after the end of the war to address her boiler issues; however, she was still unable to achieve more than 10 knots, and was downgraded to a 2nd class cruiser on 21 March 1898. She participated in large-scale naval maneuvers in April 1900 practicing the techniques of a naval blockade in Yokosuka harbor. However, she was withheld from participation in the expeditionary force against the Boxer Rebellion in 1900 due to issues again with her boilers.
On 25 February 1901, "Hashidate", and "Itsukushima" departed Yokosuka on a long distance navigational training exercise which took them to Manila, Batavia, Hong Kong, Chelumpo, Pusan, Gensan, and Vladivostok, returning to Yokosuka on 14 August 1901. 
In 1902, her six boilers were completely replaced by eight Japanese-designed Miyabara water tube boilers, becoming the first ship in the Japanese navy to receive this upgrade. In speed trials, on 20 October 1902, she was able to attain a speed of 16 knots, which she had never been able to attain before, even when new. Also during this overhaul, her secondary armament was replaced by two 76-mm guns and 18 QF 3 pounder Hotchkiss 47-mm guns. She then repeated her 1901 training cruise again in 1903.
Russo-Japanese War.
During the Russo-Japanese War, the obsolete "Hashidate" and her sister ships were assigned to the 5th squadron of the reserve IJN 3rd Fleet, together with the equally outdated ironclad battleship under the command of Admiral Shichiro Kataoka. She was based at Takeshiki Guard District on Tsushima and patrolled the Korea Strait in February, and escorted transports of the Japanese Second Army to the Korean Peninsula through the end of May. Afterwards, she was part of the fleet at the blockade of Port Arthur, engaging the Russian cruiser on 9 July. While on patrol on 10 August, "Hashidate" was one of the first Japanese ships to spot the Russian squadron, leading to the Battle of the Yellow Sea. She was too far away during the first stage of the battle, but was able to open fire and pursue the retreating Russian ships to Port Arthur, albeit without any success. On 10 December, together with "Itsukushima", she assisted the cruiser , which had struck a mine.
During the Battle of Tsushima, on 27 May 1905, "Hashidate" attacked the rear of the Russian formation, scoring hits on the cruiser , and later assisting in the sinking of the battleship and repair ship "Kamchatka". . During the battle, "Hashidate" was hit twice, wounding a midshipman and six crewmen.
Later assigned to the IJN 4th Fleet, "Hashidate" was part of the flotilla that provided protection for the Japanese invasion of Sakhalin from July–August 1905. "Hashidate" returned to Yokosuka Naval Arsenal for repairs on 20 October, and participated in a naval review in Yokohama on 23 October 1905 celebrating the Japanese victory in the war.
Final years.
After the end of the war, "Hashidate" was assigned again to be used as a long distance navigational training vessel. She made training cruisers to Southeast Asia and Australia in 1906 and 1907, and made a voyage in 1908 to Hong Kong, Penang, Ceylon, Batavia, Manila and Taiwan. In 1909, her 47-mm guns were replaced by 76-mm guns.
On 28 August 1912, "Hashidate" was re-classified as a 2nd class Coastal Defense Vessel. She was struck from the navy list on 1 April 1922, and sent to the breakers in 1927.

</doc>
<doc id="2916660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916660" title="24 Cancri">
24 Cancri

24 Cancri (24 Cnc, HIP 41389, HIC 41389, CCDM J08267+2432) is a trinary star in the constellation Cancer. Two of its components' ("24 Cancri A" and "24 Cancri BC") apparent magnitudes are 6.51 and 7.81.
24 Cancri A.
24 Cancri A (24 Cnc A, HD 71152, HR 3312, CCDM J08267+2432A) is an F0III-type star located at .
24 Cancri B.
24 Cancri B (24 Cnc B, HD 71153, HR 3313) or CCDM J08267+2432BC (A 1746BC, ADS 6811 BC, IDS 08207+2452 BC, WDS J08267+2432BC) is a close binary component of 24 Cancri, composed of "CCDM J08267+2432B" and "CCDM J08267+2432C". It is recorded as being of F7V-type located at .
CCDM J08267+2432B.
CCDM J08267+2432B (A 1746B, ADS 6811 B, IDS 08207+2452 B, WDS J08267+2432B)
CCDM J08267+2432C.
CCDM J08267+2432C (A 1746C, ADS 6811 C, IDS 08207+2452 C, WDS J08267+2432C)

</doc>
<doc id="2916664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916664" title="DMDNB">
DMDNB

DMDNB, or also DMNB, chemically 2,3-dimethyl-2,3-dinitrobutane, is a volatile organic compound used as a detection taggant for explosives, mostly in the United States where it is virtually the only such taggant in use. Dogs are very sensitive to it and can detect as little as 0.5 parts per billion in the air, as can specialised ion mobility spectrometers. Its presence allows more reliable explosive detection.

</doc>
<doc id="2916666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916666" title="27 Cancri">
27 Cancri

27 Cancri is a star in the constellation Cancer.
27 Cancri is a M-type red giant with a mean apparent magnitude of +5.56. It is approximately 1050 light years from Earth. It is classified as a semiregular variable star and its brightness varies from magnitude +5.41 to +5.75 with a period of 40 days.
It has been analysed as a member of the Arcturus stream, a group of stars with high proper motion and metal-poor properties thought to be the remnants of a small galaxy consumed by the Milky Way.

</doc>
<doc id="2916667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916667" title="Marnell Corrao Associates">
Marnell Corrao Associates

Marnell Corrao Associates is a privately held company specializing in architecture and general contracting services that is based in Las Vegas, Nevada. The company was founded in 1974 and is the "country’s oldest and largest hotel casino design/build firm".
The company specializes in large scale projects and concentrates their efforts in the casino arena.
History.
By 2002, the company had completed construction of over 55,000 hotel rooms and over 70,000 by 2005.
Received approval on October 17, 2005 for a new project on Las Vegas Boulevard in Henderson. The project, named "M Resort", is located on a site. The casino opened on March 1, 2009.
Marnell Companies worked with Square One and construction company Osage Manhatta Builders on the Osage Casino Hotel-Ponca City, Oklahoma in 2012-13.

</doc>
<doc id="2916670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916670" title="28 Cancri">
28 Cancri

28 Cancri (28 Cnc, CX Cancri, CX Cnc) is a star in the constellation Cancer. Its apparent magnitude is 6.05.

</doc>
<doc id="2916675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916675" title="29 Cancri">
29 Cancri

29 Cancri (29 Cnc) is a star in the constellation Cancer. Its apparent magnitude is 5.94.

</doc>
<doc id="2916677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916677" title="Aberdeen, West Virginia">
Aberdeen, West Virginia

Aberdeen is an unincorporated community in Lewis County, West Virginia, United States, along Hackers Creek.

</doc>
<doc id="2916686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916686" title="Akron, West Virginia">
Akron, West Virginia

Akron is an unincorporated community in Tyler County, West Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="2916695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916695" title="34 Cancri">
34 Cancri

34 Cancri (34 Cnc) is a star in the constellation Cancer. Its apparent magnitude is 6.48.

</doc>
<doc id="2916697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916697" title="Four Leaves">
Four Leaves


</doc>
<doc id="2916701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916701" title="35 Cancri">
35 Cancri

35 Cancri (abbr.: 35 Cnc) is a star in the constellation Cancer. 35 Cancri is a member of the Beehive Cluster.
35 Cancri is a yellow G-type giant star with an apparent magnitude of +6.58. It is approximately 586 light years from Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="2916703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916703" title="Diving at the 1996 Summer Olympics">
Diving at the 1996 Summer Olympics

At the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, four diving events were contested during a competition that took place at the Georgia Tech Aquatic Center, from 26 July to 2 August, comprising a total of 121 divers from 40 nations.
Participating nations.
Here are listed the nations that were represented in the diving events and, in brackets, the number of national competitors.

</doc>
<doc id="2916705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916705" title="37 Cancri">
37 Cancri

37 Cancri (37 Cnc) is a star in the constellation Cancer. Its apparent magnitude is 6.54.

</doc>
<doc id="2916706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916706" title="38 Cancri">
38 Cancri

38 Cancri (38 Cnc, BT Cancri, BT Cnc) is a δ Sct variable star in the constellation Cancer. Its apparent magnitude is 6.65.

</doc>
<doc id="2916711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916711" title="39 Cancri">
39 Cancri

39 Cancri (39 Cnc) is a star in the constellation Cancer. Its apparent magnitude is 6.39.
39 Cancer is a member of the Beehive Cluster (NGC 2632).

</doc>
<doc id="2916713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916713" title="Glasflügel H-201">
Glasflügel H-201

The Glasflügel H-201 Standard "Libelle" (German: "Dragonfly") is an early composite Standard Class single-seat sailplane produced by Glasflügel from 1967.
Development.
The H-201 Standard Libelle was a follow-on Standard Class sailplane to the successful H-301 Libelle Open Class glider. It was similar to the H-301, with modifications to meet the Standard Class requirements. The prototype made its first flight in October 1967, with a total of 601 being built. The type soon made its mark in contest flying; one flown by Per-Axel Persson of Sweden, winner of the 1948 World Championships, came second in the Standard Class at the 1968 World Championships at Leszno in Poland.
The Libelle and Standard Libelle were very popular and influential designs. Their very light wings and extremely easy rigging set a new benchmark. Their handling is generally easy except that they are quite sensitive to sideslipping and have relatively ineffective air brakes that make short landings tricky for inexperienced pilots.
The Standard Libelle was superseded by the Hornet.
Design.
The Standard Libelle (H-201) is of similar glassfibre construction to the H-301 Libelle. The changes required consisted of removing the flaps and tail braking parachute, fitting a fixed, instead of retractable, monowheel and raising the height of the canopy. A new Wortmann wing section was featured and terminal velocity dive brakes were fitted.
With a change in the Standard Class rules, the H-201B of 1969 introduced a retractable gear and a water ballast system as an option, with one 25-litre bag per wing located before the spar, with valve and dumping orifice on the fuselage underside. Other improvements in the B variant were larger upper surface dive brakes, a larger stabilizer for better low-speed handling, PVC foam sandwich core for the wing (instead of balsa) to increase durability and profile accuracy, increased gross weight and higher operating speeds.
The canopy is unique in that it has a catch that enables the front to be raised by 25mm (about 1 inch) in flight to provide a blast of ventilating air instead of the more conventional small sliding panel used for this purpose.
The connections for airbrakes and elevator are automatic. The aileron connections are manually connected.

</doc>
<doc id="2916719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916719" title="Ashton College">
Ashton College

Ashton College is a post-secondary institution located in downtown Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Established in 1998, Ashton College offers programs and certificates under the following Schools: Business, Continuing Studies, Part-Time Studies and the English Language Centre.Ashton College offers programs suitable for both domestic and international students with classes available on-campus as well as online. It is an Education Quality Assurance (EQA) designated school and is fully accredited by the Private Career Training Institutions Agency of BC (PCTIA).
Programs and courses.
Ashton College also delivers continuing education, including Continuing Professional Development (CPD) seminars and workshops, for skills development in a range of professional areas.
Programs and courses include:
International students.
Ashton College caters to both domestic and international students, with specific certificate and diploma programs offered to students from abroad. These courses include:
Test Centre.
The Ashton College Test Centre can accommodate both paper-based and computerized tests. The primary purpose of the Test Centre is to coordinate intake assessment tests and to assist other organizations and institutions by administering and invigilating their examinations. Ashton College is a member of the National College Testing Association (NCTA) and the Consortium of College Testing Centres (CCTC).
The Ashton College Test Centre currently administers the following tests:
Corporate training.
Ashton College offers training services for businesses and corporations in a wide variety of disciplines. The college provides small, customized classes on-site. Each program is industry-accredited by various education partners to ensure students receive up-to-date information and relevant skills training. These customized corporate programs are available in the areas of accounting, bookkeeping, financial services and human resources.

</doc>
<doc id="2916721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916721" title="Belgium, West Virginia">
Belgium, West Virginia

Belgium is an unincorporated community in Taylor County, West Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="2916722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916722" title="Abdominojugular test">
Abdominojugular test

The abdominojugular test (AJR), also known as hepatojugular reflux, is used as an alternate test for measuring jugular venous pressure (JVP) through the distension or swelling of the internal jugular vein. A positive AJR best correlates with the pulmonary artery pressure and thus is a marker for right heart dysfunction.
Procedure.
The doctor presses firmly over either the right upper quadrant of the abdomen (i.e., over the liver) or over the center of the abdomen for 10 seconds with a pressure of 20 to 35 mm Hg while observing the internal jugular vein in the neck and also observing to be sure the patient does not perform a Valsalva maneuver.
On an otherwise healthy individual, the jugular venous pressure remains constant or temporarily rises for a heartbeat or two, before returning to normal. This "negative result" would be indicated by a lack of swelling of the jugular vein. Negative hepatojugular reflux is seen in Budd-Chiari syndrome.
A "positive result" is variously defined as either a sustained rise in the JVP of at least 4 cm or more or a fall of 4 cm or more after the examiner releases pressure. The AJR has a reported sensitivity of 24% to 72% and a specificity of 93% to 96%. The large discrepancy in sensitivity may be explained by the higher value being reported during performance in optimal conditions of a cardiac lab while the lower value was from a study in an emergency room.

</doc>
<doc id="2916726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916726" title="KBWX">
KBWX

KBWX is an FM radio station licensed to Columbia, Illinois, better known as "Wild 104.9". The station airs a Rhythmic CHR format for the greater St. Louis, Missouri Metropolitan Area. The station's moniker is "Party Hits". Its transmitter is located in Gravois, and operates from studios in St. Louis south of Forest Park.
History.
The 104.9 frequency originally went on the air February 15, 1964 from the basement of station owner Joseph Lepp as WCBW in Columbia, and was a typical small town radio station. In 1980, the station was sold to Continental Broadcasting, and the station became the first station in the St. Louis area with a format of Contemporary Christian Music, still with a weak 3,000 watt signal based in Columbia, but it could be heard in much of the St. Louis area. The station was called "104.9 The Bridge" at the time.
In 1993, the station was granted a major power upgrade allowing it to move to the St. Louis Master antenna site in Shrewsbury, and upgrade from 3,000 watts to 25,000 watts, making the 104.9 frequency a full market St. Louis signal. That made the station much more valuable, as did deregulation allowing operators to own several different FM stations in a market in 1996.
In 1997, the station was sold to Jacor Broadcasting, who also owned urban powerhouse KMJM, which was then at 107.7 FM. Instead of installing a new format on the 104.9 frequency, KMJM was relocated to the weaker 104.9 MHz frequency on October 20 of that year to allow its new CHR station KSLZ a better signal into the suburbs on the full 100,000 watt class C 107.7 frequency.
By 1999, KMJM became owned by Clear Channel Communications, who also owned KATZ AM & FM. KATZ-FM aired an Urban Adult Contemporary format playing mostly slower R&B, while Majic played a format consisting mostly of Hip Hop/Rap and current R&B Hits. The formats on the two stations would swap on April 1 of that year, and Majic would take the Urban Adult Contemporary format from 100.3, while maintaining most of the same staff, and 100.3 was rechristened as "The Beat" with a mainstream urban format that would last until October 2009, when it flipped to Modern AC.
On November 7, 2012, at 9 AM, KMJM and its urban AC format moved to 100.3 FM (ironically, KATZ-FM's former frequency), replacing classic rock-formatted KBWX ("The Brew"). Simultaneously, the 104.9 frequency changed its format to rhythmic CHR, branded as "Wild 104.9." KMJM and KBWX also swapped call letters, which were approved on November 15.

</doc>
<doc id="2916729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916729" title="Berlin, West Virginia">
Berlin, West Virginia

Berlin is an unincorporated community in Lewis County, West Virginia, United States, along Hackers Creek.

</doc>
<doc id="2916730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916730" title="Japanese cruiser Yaeyama">
Japanese cruiser Yaeyama

Background.
"Yaeyama" was designed under the supervision of French military advisor Emile Bertin, and built in Japan by the Yokosuka Naval Arsenal, with its engine imported from Hawthorn Leslie and Company in England. 
With a small displacement, powerful engines, and a speed, the heavily armed and lightly armored "Yaeyama" was an example of the "Jeune Ecole" philosophy of naval warfare advocated by Bertin. Due to its small size it is sometimes classified as a corvette or gunboat.
Design.
"Yaeyama" was the second domestically-produced steel hulled vessel in Japan. It retained a full barque rigging with two masts for auxiliary sail propulsion in addition to her steam engine. "Yaeyama" was armed with three QF 4.7 inch Gun Mk I–IVs guns and eight QF 3 pounder Hotchkiss guns. In addition, she carried two torpedoes, mounted on the deck.
Service record.
"Yaeyama" was active in the First Sino-Japanese War, protecting troop transports to Korea, and covering the landing of Japanese forces at Port Arthur. She was subsequently involved in patrols of the Yellow Sea and was present at the Battle of Weihaiwei. In 1895, "Yaeyama" took part in the invasion of Taiwan, and saw action on 13 October 1895 at the bombardment of the Chinese coastal forts at Takow (Kaohsiung). During this campaign, ‘‘Yaeyama’’ precipitated a diplomatic incident when her captain intercepted the British-flagged merchant ship "Thales" in international waters on the morning of 21 October 1895. "Thales" had departed Taiwan the previous day with 800 passengers en route to Amoy. The search of a neutral vessel in international waters provoked a diplomatic protest from the United Kingdom.
After the war, "Yaeyama" was transferred to the reserve fleet.
"Yaeyama" was recalled to duty to assist in escorting transports supporting Japanese naval landing forces which occupied the port city of Tianjin in northern China during the Boxer Rebellion, as part of the Japanese contribution to the Eight-Nation Alliance.
On 11 May 1902, she ran aground during a storm in Nemuro Bay, Hokkaido and could not be refloated until 1 September of that year. She remained at Yokosuka Naval Arsenal for repairs until June 1903. During this time, her locomotive-type cylindrical boilers were replaced with eight Niclausse boilers, and an extra smoke stack was added.
During the Russo-Japanese War of 1904-1905, "Yaeyama" participated in the naval Battle of Port Arthur and subsequent blockade of that port. Despite her small size and obsolescence, she was also present at the Battle of the Yellow Sea and the final decisive Battle of Tsushima, as well as the Japanese invasion of Sakhalin, where its high speed made it useful to carrying sensitive orders and messages between ships and from ship to shore.
After the war, she was used as a test ship for new boiler technologies.
The advent of wireless communication made the use of dispatch vessels obsolete, and "Yaeyama" was scrapped on 1 April 1911.

</doc>
<doc id="2916738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916738" title="Some Hearts (Carrie Underwood album)">
Some Hearts (Carrie Underwood album)

Some Hearts is the debut album from country singer Carrie Underwood, released in the United States on November 15, 2005 by Arista Nashville. The album contains the number one singles "Jesus, Take the Wheel", "Don't Forget to Remember Me", "Wasted", and "Before He Cheats". It also includes Underwood's first "Billboard" Hot 100 number one single, "Inside Your Heaven".
Bolstered by the success of its singles, "Some Hearts" became the best-selling album of 2006 in all genres in the United States. The album was also the best-selling country album in the United States of both 2006 and 2007, making Underwood the first female artist in "Billboard" history to earn back-to-back honors for Top Country Album. Additionally, it was the best-selling female country album of 2005, 2006 and 2007. "Some Hearts" has since been certified seven times Platinum by the RIAA, and is the fastest-selling debut country album in the history of the SoundScan era, the best-selling solo female debut album in country music history, the best-selling Country album of the last 10 years, and the best-selling album by an American Idol alumni in the U.S.
With 7,322,000 copies sold in the United States, "Some Hearts" was listed as one of the 100 Best Selling Albums of All Time by the RIAA in 2009. In December 2007, "Forbes" reported that "Some Hearts" had sold over 8 million copies worldwide, at the time it had sold over six million copies in the United States alone. Having now sold over seven million units in the U.S., "Some Hearts" has sold over 9 million copies worldwide. In December 2009, "Billboard" announced that the album was the biggest-selling country album of the decade, as well as the fourteenth biggest-selling album of any genre.
The album and its songs were well received by the critics. "Some Hearts" won Album of the Year at the 2007 Academy of Country Music Awards, while "Jesus, Take the Wheel" and "Before He Cheats" both won Single of the Year at the 2006 Academy of Country Music Awards and 2007 Country Music Association Awards, respectively. At the 49th Grammy Awards, in 2007, Underwood won the Grammy Award for Best New Artist and the Grammy Award for Best Female Country Vocal Performance, for "Jesus, Take the Wheel", which also won Best Country Song for its songwriters, being nominated for Song of the Year as well. The following year, at the 50th Grammy Awards, Underwood won the Grammy for Best Female Country Vocal Performance for "Before He Cheats". The song won Best Country Song for the songwriters as well as being nominated for Song of the Year.
Critical reception.
The album received positive reviews from music critics. Penny Rondinella of About.com gave a positive review to the album, awarding it with a four-and-a-half stars out of five and said: "American Idol Season 4 winner Carrie Underwood's debut album is just as expected, a country feel with some pop added to it. Lots of variety in her vocals, which tells me she has true talent." AllMusic gave it 4 out of 5 stars and classified the album as "anthemic country pop, ideal for either country or adult contemporary radio, with none of the delightful tackiness of Shania Twain—and her debut album, Some Hearts, not only hits this mark exactly, it's better than either album Hill has released since Breathe in 1999." It also praised Underwood's vocal performance and found that "she sounds equally convincing on such sentimental fare as 'Jesus, Take the Wheel' as on the soaring pop 'Some Hearts,' and even if she doesn't exactly sound tough on the strutting 'Before He Cheats,' she does growl with a fair amount of passion."
Singles.
Carrie Underwood's "American Idol" winning single "Inside Your Heaven", which debuted at number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 five months before the release of "Some Hearts", is included on the album as a bonus track. The song is Underwood's only number 1 on the Hot 100. The song has sold 880,000 copies.
The first single from the album, "Jesus, Take the Wheel", was number one on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart for six consecutive weeks and reached number 20 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. On August 2008, "Jesus, Take the Wheel" was reported to have been sold more than 1 million ringtones and was certified Platinum, making Underwood the first country artist ever to have two songs hit Platinum Mastertone status. The song as of May 2012 has sold 2,130,000 copies making it the 2nd biggest single of Underwood's career.
"Some Hearts", written by Diane Warren and originally covered by Marshall Crenshaw in 1989, was released to pop and adult contemporary radio only and eventually reached number 12 on the Adult Contemporary chart. As of June 2011 it has sold 207,000 copies.
"Don't Forget to Remember Me" was the third single from the album, and also proved successful, reaching number one on the "Radio & Records" Country Chart, number two on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart, and number 49 on the Hot 100. The song has sold 403,000 copies making it her lowest selling single to date.
"Before He Cheats" was released as the next single, and climbed the charts faster than any of Underwood's other singles, making it into the top twenty of the Hot Country Songs chart before the release of a music video. "Before He Cheats" subsequently peaked at number one on the Hot Country Songs chart for five consecutive weeks, and at number eight on the Hot 100; it proved to be a huge crossover hit, making appearances in the top 20 of every chart on which it appeared, and it is the biggest hit overall from the album.
When it finally peaked at number 8 in May 2007, it had already logged 38 weeks on the chart, making it the longest trek to the top 10 ever. As pop airplay began dying down, the song got a third life on the adult contemporary format, which began playing the song in May. "Before He Cheats" spent 64 consecutive weeks on the Hot 100, before finally falling off in late November 2007. The song is the fifth-longest charting single on the Hot 100, following LeAnn Rimes's "How Do I Live", Jewel's "You Were Meant for Me"/"Foolish Games", Adele's "Rolling in the Deep", and Jason Mraz's "I'm Yours". It is the second longest running hit so far this decade.
"Before He Cheats" was ranked sixth on the 2007 Hot 100 Year-End Chart and fifth on the 2007 Hot 100 Airplay Year-End Chart by "Billboard" magazine. It was also ranked tenth on the 2007 Adult Contemporary Year-End Chart. It was named the 2007 Single of the Year by the Country Music Association. It is Underwood's most successful single as of March 20, 2013, with sales of 3,731,000 digital downloads, making it the third best-selling country song of all time behind Lady Antebellum's "Need You Now", with 4.97 million and Taylor Swift's "Love Story", with 4.96 million. It is the second most sold single from an American Idol contestant (behind "No Air" by season 6 winner Jordin Sparks with 4 million), and the fourth longest-charting single in the history of the Hot 100. It also came in on CMT's 40 Greatest Songs of the Decade at number twenty-five, along with Underwood's other signature hit, "Jesus, Take the Wheel", which ranked number four.
"Wasted" also proved another successful hit for Underwood by peaking at number one for three consecutive weeks on the Hot Country Songs chart, and going to number 37 on the Hot 100. The song has sold 705,000 copies as of June 2011.
Promotion.
To promote "Some Hearts", Underwood embarked on her very first solo tour, which was called . The tour started April 4, 2006 and ended November 30 of the same year.
Personnel.
As listed in liner notes.
All strings on "Jesus, Take the Wheel" performed and arranged by Jonathan Yudkin.
Chart performance.
"Some Hearts" debuted at number two on the U.S. "Billboard" 200 behind Madonna's "Confessions on a Dance Floor", selling more than 315,000 copies; it was the fifth best first-week sales for any "American Idol" contestant (behind Ruben Studdard's "Soulful", her own "Play On" and "Carnival Ride", and Clay Aiken's "Measure of a Man", which sold over 417,000 copies, 318,000 copies, 527,000 copies and 613,000 copies, respectively, in their first weeks). In the week of December 25, 2006, the album's fifty-eighth week on the chart, the album rose back up to number four on the "Billboard" 200 chart after selling close to 300,000 copies.
"Some Hearts" was the highest selling country album in the U.S. in both 2006 and 2007. "Some Hearts" was the first album to be certified seven times platinum in 2007.
As of July 3, 2008, the album is no longer present on the U.S. "Billboard" 200. It had a run of 136 weeks, the second-longest for any album released in 2005, behind Nickelback's "All the Right Reasons". The following week, it dropped out of the Top Country Albums Chart, having had a 137 week run. The album spent 10 weeks within the Top 5 of the "Billboard" 200, a record among American Idol alumni.
On the week dated December 12, 2009, under the changes of "Billboard"'s rules, the album re-entered the "Billboard" 200, at number 132.
The album appeared on the "Billboard" Year-End Chart for 2009, coming in at number 158 for album sales that year.
On the week dated for August 7, 2010, the album climbed back onto the "Billboard" 200, hitting at number 191. On the week dated for December 5, 2010, the album once again landed onto the "Billboard" 200, reaching number 192. On the week dated for December 8, 2012, the album once again landed onto the "Billboard" 200, hitting at number 69.
As of May 2013, the album has sold 7,322,000 copies in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="2916741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916741" title="40 Cancri">
40 Cancri

40 Cancri (40 Cnc) is a star in the constellation Cancer. Its apparent magnitude is 6.61.
40 Cancri is a member of the Beehive Cluster (NGC 2632).

</doc>
<doc id="2916743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916743" title="Peter Aluma">
Peter Aluma

Peter Aluma (born 23 April 1973 in Lagos) is a retired Nigerian professional basketball player. After high school at Okota Grammar School in Isolo, Nigeria, the 6'10" center became a star at Liberty University in Virginia, USA.
He led the Big South conference in scoring in 1996 and was the conference’s top shot blocker in 1996 with 3.9 bpg and 1997 with 3.0 bpg.
He was a first-team Big South all-conference selection in 1996 and 1997. He earned second-team honors in 1995. He was named to the conference’s all-rookie team in 1994. He was named the Big South Tournament MVP in 1994 and 1997 and was a three-time all-tournament selection. 
He was named all-region selection by the National Association of Basketball Coaches (NABC) in 1997.
Aluma was also honored as an all-state team selection by both the Richmond Times-Dispatch and the Virginia Sports Information Directors (VaSID) in 1996 and 1997. In 1996, he was selected for the all-state first team by the Richmond Times-Dispatch.
In April 1997, he was invited to participate in the Portsmouth Invitational Tournament. The P.I.T. invites 64 of the best senior college basketball players from across the nation to participate. It is a four day, twelve game tournament. Every NBA team sends scouts to this tournament. He was not invited to attend the NBA's pre-draft camps in Phoenix or Chicago. On June 25, 1997, he was not taken in the 1997 NBA Draft. Aluma did play briefly for the NBA's Sacramento Kings during the lockout-shortened 1998-1999 season. He was waived on February 19, 1999. During the 1999-2000 preseason, he was signed by the Phoenix Suns, but was waived on October 16, 1999. He was invited to join the Knicks 2000 summer league team. He was released on July 21, 2000.
In 1998, he played professionally in Venezuela for Toros De Aragua. He also played for Nigeria in the 1998 World FIBA Championship. Around February 25, 1999, he was waived by the Connecticut Pride of the Continental Basketball Association (CBA). In 1999, he played in Belarus for the Gomel Wildcats Sozh. In 2001, he played with the Harlem Globetrotters.

</doc>
<doc id="2916744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916744" title="42 Cancri">
42 Cancri

42 Cancri (42 Cnc or HD 73785) is a star in the constellation Cancer. Its apparent magnitude is 6.83.
42 Cancri is a member of the Beehive Cluster (NGC 2632).

</doc>
<doc id="2916746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916746" title="46 Cancri">
46 Cancri

46 Cancri (46 Cnc) is a star in the constellation Cancer. Its apparent magnitude is 6.12.

</doc>
<doc id="2916748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916748" title="William C. Dietz">
William C. Dietz

William C. Dietz (born 1945) is an American science fiction writer, principally of military science fiction novels and video game novelizations.
Biography.
Dietz grew up in the Seattle area and served in the Navy and Marine Corps as a Corpsman. He graduated from the University of Washington, and lived in Africa for half a year.
Dietz has been employed as a surgical technician, college instructor, news writer, television producer and Director of Public Relations and Marketing for an international telephone company. He and his wife Marjorie live near the city of Gig Harbor in Washington State.
Work.
Dietz indicated that he discovered science fiction while in grade school and continued to read SF from that point on. He knew he wanted to be a writer at age twenty or so, but never got around to it until he was thirty-nine, which was one year shy of a self-imposed deadline of forty.
Dietz wrote "War World" (now Galactic Bounty) in 1984. It was accepted for publication upon Dietz's initial submission. From that point on, he continued to produce at least a book a year, eventually becoming a full-time novelist in 2002. He has written over forty novels.
Dietz has written a number of notable tie-in novels including ' based on the popular "Halo" series of video games, as well as three "Star Wars" books featuring the adventures of Kyle Katarn, and two books in the popular "Resistance" universe. He also wrote the script for the "Legion of the Damned" game (iPhone, iPod Touch, and iPad) based on his book of the same name—and co-wrote Sony's ' game for the PS Vita along with Mike Bates.
Works.
As Dietz wrote Galactic Bounty it was his intention to create a sprawling universe that could be used as a setting for numerous books. Galactic Bounty, Imperial Bounty, Alien Bounty, McCade's Bounty, Drifter, Drifter's Run, Drifter's War, Freehold, and Prison Planet were all set in what Dietz refers to as the "McCade universe." And some of the books share characters or refer to each other in some way. Most of the themes that Dietz likes to write about including futuristic soldiers, alien politics, cyborgs, and shape shifters are all established in these early novels.

</doc>
<doc id="2916756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916756" title="Brabant, West Virginia">
Brabant, West Virginia

Brabant is an unincorporated community in Wayne County, West Virginia, USA. Brabant is a part of the Huntington-Ashland Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA). As of the 2010 census, the MSA had a population of 287,702. New definitions from February 28, 2013 placed the population at 363,000.

</doc>
<doc id="2916771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916771" title="Japanese cruiser Chishima">
Japanese cruiser Chishima

Background.
"Chishima" was designed by French military advisor Emile Bertin, and built in the Ateliers et Chantiers de la Loire shipyards in Saint-Nazaire, France. It was part of the 1882 pre-First Sino-Japanese War expansion program of the Imperial Japanese Navy. In keeping with the Jeune Ecole philosophy of naval warfare advocated by Bertin, the "Chishima" was small and lightly armed, so much so that sometimes "Chishima" has been confused with a torpedo gunboat or destroyer.
Design.
"Chishima" was a slightly older design, which included a full barque rigging with three masts for auxiliary sail propulsion in addition to her steam engine. "Chishima" was armed with two guns in sponsons on each side, with a fifth gun mounted in the bows. Secondary armament consisted of six 1-pounder guns mounted in pairs on the bridge, poop deck and one on each side. In addition, she carried five torpedoes, mounted on the deck.
Service record.
The commissioning of "Chishima" was delayed by over a year, as the ship could achieve only , instead of the promised ; the French government agreed to pay the Japanese government some financial compensation for the issue. The shakedown cruise of "Chishima" was made on its voyage to Japan, with a crew of 80 Japanese and eleven French technicians, via Alexandria, the Suez Canal and Singapore. The ship suffered from numerous problems on this voyage, including boiler failure, leaks, and ruptured steam lines, before finally arriving at Nagasaki. 
However, "Chishima" was lost only one week after its formal commissioning into the Japanese navy, in a night collision on 30 November 1892 with the British P&O merchant vessel "Ravenna" (3257 tons), off Matsuyama, Ehime prefecture, at in poor weather. The larger merchant ship struck "Chishima" amidships, cutting her into two. Her captain and 74 sailors onboard drowned, but "Ravenna" suffered only minor damage. This incident led to the establishment of the Japanese "Maritime Anti-Collision Regulations".
One of the cannons of "Chishima" is preserved in a memorial at Aoyama Cemetery in Tokyo, and a memorial to the Chishima disaster with calligraphy by Tōgō Heihachirō is at the Buddhist temple of Jofuku-ji in Matsuyama.
Litigation following sinking.
Afterwards, in a maritime tribunal held by the British consular court in Yokohama, P&O was cleared. The Japanese Government then brought action against P&O in the British Court for Japan. P&O sought to file a counterclaim which the judge in the Court for Japan, Robert Mowat, rejected as not being within the jurisdiction of the court. P&O appealed to the British Supreme Court for China and Japan in Shanghai (Hannen CJ and Jamieson J) which allowed the counterclaim. The Japanese Government then appealed to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council who allowed the appeal and held P&O was not allowed to counterclaim. 
The case was remitted to the British Court for Japan for trial. P&O then settled the case by paying the Japanese government 10,000 pounds sterling in compensation, which corresponded roughly to the purchase cost of the ship, but provided for no compensation to the families of the lost officers and crew. The Japanese government had to bear its own legal costs. The British captain was not fined nor imprisoned for his responsibility in the incident. The settlement was regarded as highly unfair by the Japanese public, and was one issue cited in the drive for revision of the unequal treaties between Japan and the western nations to bring an end to extraterritoriality.

</doc>
<doc id="2916777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916777" title="Shockabilly">
Shockabilly

Shockabilly was a band which included Eugene Chadbourne on guitar/vocals, Mark Kramer on bass/organ, and David Licht on drums. 
Shockabilly released a number of albums during their brief existence (1982–1985); most were later re-released. The music itself is mostly avant-garde reworkings of rockabilly and rock 'n' roll standards.

</doc>
<doc id="2916779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916779" title="St. Thomas Syro-Malabar Catholic Diocese of Chicago">
St. Thomas Syro-Malabar Catholic Diocese of Chicago

The St. Thomas Syro-Malabar Catholic Diocese of Chicago is an Eastern Catholic eparchy for Syro-Malabar Catholics in the United States. The Diocese, established in 2001, is the only eparchy of the Syro-Malabar Church outside India, and it has jurisdiction over Syro-Malabar Catholics in the entire US. It is based in Chicago, Illinois.
Bishop.
The first and current bishop of the eparchy is Mar Jacob Angadiath, appointed by Pope John Paul II in 2001. He is also the permanent Apostolic Visitator to Syro-Malabar Catholics in Canada.
Parishes and missions.
The diocese's cathedral can be found in Chicago, Illinois. The Mar Thoma Shleeha Cathedral (Saint Thomas the Apostle Cathedral) is a parish with almost 1000 families and is seat to the bishop. Their cathedral church was dedicated on July 5, 2008.
There are an estimated 100,000 Indian Catholics following this rite in the U.S. and Canada. Some of the parishes and missions are dedicated to the pastoral care of faithful of the Knanaya ethnic group, under the pastoral guidance of Knanaya priests. The diocese includes 18 parishes and 43 missions. Congregations are located in the following states and provinces:

</doc>
<doc id="2916780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916780" title="Natascha Badmann">
Natascha Badmann

Natascha Badmann is a professional triathlete from Switzerland and was the first European woman to win the Ironman Triathlon World Championship. She won the Ironman Triathlon World Championship in Kailua-Kona, Hawaii in 1998, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2004, and 2005.
Natascha works in Switzerland as a social worker, and speaks German, English, French, and Italian. She currently lives in Winznau, Switzerland with her husband Toni and daughter Anastasia. Her daughter Anastasia was born days before she turned 18.Nicknamed the "Swiss Miss", Badmann won her first Ironman World Championship at the age of 29, when her daughter was already 13 years old. Her husband, coach and nutritionist is Toni Hasler.
At the 2007 Hawaii Ironman, Badmann hit a cone on the bike leg and injured her shoulder and collarbone. While she wanted to continue the race, Hasler convinced her to drop out to prevent further injury. At the same race in 2006, stomach problems nearly caused her to drop out again. Early into the run, Badmann stopped and threw up. Struggling to continue, she began to walk. In a dramatic moment with tremendous support from cheering fans, Badmann, crying, began jogging. She finished 10th with a personal-worst marathon time of 3:27:54.
Though she finished second on the course of the 2004 Ironman Triathlon World Championship, Badmann is considered the winner of the race due to the disqualification of the initial winner, Germany's Nina Kraft, after Kraft admitted to using the banned performance enhancer EPO.
Badmann is known for her dominating ability on the bike leg of the triathlon, and her positive attitude (Badmann is often seen smiling and actively responding to spectators throughout much of the triathlon).

</doc>
<doc id="2916783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916783" title="Henry Fa'arodo">
Henry Fa'arodo

Henry Fa'arodo Jr (born 5 October 1982 in Honiara) is a Solomon Islands professional footballer who currently plays as a striker/midfielder for Team Wellington. He is also captain of the Solomon Island national team.
Club career.
Fa'arodo attended Nelson College from 2000 to 2001, playing for the school's 1st XI football team as well as local club side Nelson Suburbs.
He is one of few Solomon Islanders who have played in Australian top-flight football for Perth Glory in the first A-League season and for the Melbourne Knights in the old NSL.
He joined Victorian Premier League side Altona Magic after a stint in New Zealand. In May 2010, he won the Oceania Champions League with Hekari United.
In January 2012, Fa'arodo linked up with Team Wellington in the ASB Premiership.
FC Nelson appointed Henry Fa'arodo as their junior technical advisor for the 2012 winter season and also played for the 1st team helping them to win the league.
International career.
He has frequently represented the Solomon Islands at international level, making his debut at the 2002 OFC Nations Cup against Tahiti. He played in 16 FIFA World Cup qualifying matches.
Henry was chosen as a starter on the Oceania All Stars team that faced the LA Galaxy on 6 December 2008 in New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="2916786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916786" title="Japanese cruiser Takao (1888)">
Japanese cruiser Takao (1888)

Background.
"Takao" was designed under the supervision of French military advisor Emile Bertin, and built in Japan by the Yokosuka Naval Arsenal, with many of its components imported from overseas. It was one of the first ships in Bertin’s project to introduce modern naval construction techniques to the Japanese, and a first step in the implementation of his "Jeune Ecole" naval strategy of using of small, heavily armed and lightly armored ships in naval warfare. Due to its small size "Takao" is sometimes classified as a corvette or gunboat.
Design.
"Takao" was a steel-ribbed and steel hulled vessel. It retained a full barque rigging with two masts for auxiliary sail propulsion in addition to her steam engine with single smoke stack. "Takao" was armed with four L/35 Krupp guns as its main battery and had one QF 4.7 inch Gun Mk I–IVs gun and one QF 6 pounder Hotchkiss gun as its secondary battery. In addition, she had two 1-in Nordenfelt guns and carried two torpedoes, mounted on the deck.
Service record.
"Takao" was active in the First Sino-Japanese War, protecting troop transports to Korea, and covering the landing of Japanese forces at Port Arthur. It was subsequently involved in patrols of the Yellow Sea and was present at the Battle of Weihaiwei. 
"Takao" was assigned to assist in escorting transports supporting Japanese naval landing forces which occupied the port city of Tianjin in northern China during the Boxer Rebellion, as part of the Japanese contribution to the Eight-Nation Alliance, and subsequently patrolled the coasts off Amoy and Shanghai. 
Considered obsolete by the time of the Russo-Japanese War of 1904-1905, "Takao" was assigned to rear guard patrols of Chemulpo harbor and Tsushima Strait, but was present with the rest of the Japanese fleet at the final decisive Battle of Tsushima.
The advent of wireless communication made the use of dispatch vessels obsolete, and "Takao" was removed from the navy list on 1 April 1911 and was sold for scrap on 27 March 1912.

</doc>
<doc id="2916789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916789" title="Calcutta, West Virginia">
Calcutta, West Virginia

Calcutta is an unincorporated community in Pleasants County, West Virginia, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="2916791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916791" title="52 Cancri">
52 Cancri

52 Cancri (abbr.: 52 Cnc) is a G-class star in the constellation Cancer. Its apparent magnitude is 7.63. Its actual magnitude is 7.64, though.

</doc>
<doc id="2916792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916792" title="Albrecht Mertz von Quirnheim">
Albrecht Mertz von Quirnheim

Albrecht Ritter Mertz von Quirnheim (25 March 1905 – 21 July 1944) was a German colonel and a resistance fighter in Nazi Germany involved in the 20 July plot against Adolf Hitler.
Early life.
Quirnheim was born in Munich, Bavaria, the son of Hermann Ritter Mertz von Quirnheim, a captain on the Bavarian General Staff. He spent his youth in the Bavarian capital before his father became head of the Imperial Archive (the "Reichsarchiv") and the family moved to Potsdam in Prussia. As a child he befriended Hans-Jürgen von Blumenthal and as a young man came to know the brothers Werner von Haeften and Hans Bernd von Haeften, through family connections; these were all future fellow-conspirators.
Military career.
Following his "Abitur", Quirnheim joined the "Reichswehr" in 1923. His acquaintanceship with Claus von Stauffenberg, who would become the key conspirator in the 20 July plot, began in 1925, but it was von Blumenthal who introduced him to the circle of conspirators in 1943.
World War II.
On the outbreak of World War II, Quirnheim was appointed a Staff Officer at the General Staff's organisational division. He had initially welcomed Hitler's seizure of power, but began to distance himself from the régime as he became more aware of its brutality. In 1941, for example, his support for the more humane treatment of civilians in Nazi-occupied Eastern Europe triggered a dispute between Alfred Rosenberg (Reich Minister for the Occupied Eastern Territories) and Erich Koch (Reich Commissar for the Ukraine). 
In 1942, while being promoted to lieutenant colonel and then to Head of Staff of the 24th Army Corps at the Eastern Front, Quirnheim strengthened his ties to the Resistance through his brother-in-law Wilhelm Dieckmann. He was promoted to colonel in 1943, and the same year he married Hilde Baier.
20 July plot.
By September 1943, Quirnheim had become involved in the plot to assassinate Hitler. He, his superior General Friedrich Olbricht and Stauffenberg planned Operation Valkyrie, a plan of action to be implemented as soon as Hitler had been killed. Meanwhile, Quirnheim succeeded Stauffenberg as Chief of Staff at the Army's General Office in Berlin. Immediately after the attempt on Hitler's life in East Prussia on 20 July 1944, Quirnheim urged General Olbricht to activate Operation Valkyrie, even though they could not be sure whether Hitler was dead. At about the same time, however, news began to arrive that Hitler had survived the assassination attempt.
Within hours, Quirnheim, Stauffenberg, Olbricht, and Werner von Haeften had been arrested, summarily tried by Colonel-General Friedrich Fromm—a quiet supporter who betrayed them once he saw the plot had failed—and were shot and buried in the Matthäus Churchyard in Berlin's Schöneberg district. A stone in memory of the event stands in the churchyard. Heinrich Himmler subsequently ordered the bodies to be exhumed and cremated and the ashes scattered.
A few days later, Quirnheim's parents and one of his sisters were arrested by the Gestapo and his brother-in-law Wilhelm Dieckmann was executed on 13 September 1944.
There is a now a memorial at the spot where Quirnheim and his co-conspirators were shot.

</doc>
<doc id="2916795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916795" title="Tristan Loo">
Tristan Loo

Tristan J. Loo is an American life management consultant, trainer and author. He is best known as the author of "Street Negotiation: How to Resolve Any Conflict Anytime." Loo has helped build the foundation for community-oriented alternative dispute resolution in the United States by increasing public awareness about the benefits of managing conflict and creating peace through mediation and interpersonal communication skills. 
A core message in both Loo's written work and his presentations is that everyone suffers hardships in life and it is the successful people who are able to pick themselves up and move forward towards their dreams.
Biography.
Loo was born in Los Angeles, California to Margaret and Longden Loo. He experienced perinatal asphyxia, a form of newborn respiratory failure, during birth which resulted in his near death. At age seven, Loo took up the sport of gymnastics, inspired by 1984 Olympic American gold medal gymnasts Peter Vidmar, Bart Conner and Tim Daggett. Despite being mostly self-taught, he became an accomplished scholarship athlete for the University of California, Santa Barbara under former Romanian Olympic Coach, Mircea Badulescu. Loo served five years as a police officer in "Ventura County", specializing in crisis intervention. He later authored his book, "Street Negotiation", based on his views that the world could benefit from better life management skills. In 2004, he ended his law enforcement career and started his own life management training and publishing company.
Loo has a B.A. in legal science from the University of California, Santa Barbara, and is a graduate from the Ventura County Police/Sheriffs Academy. Loo has been a university sports coach, a police officer, a conflict mediator, a corporate manager and a leading authority in the area of personal development. He is the founder of the Synergy Institute, a personal development company based in San Diego. Loo trains entrepreneurs, athletes, corporate leaders and social workers on how to manage their personal lives to produce the results they desire.
Books and Publications.
Self Improvement Magazine focuses on the five core areas of life success: Wealth & Abundance, Personal Growth, Well-being, Personal Effectiveness, and Relationships.
References.
1. Carlton Proctor, "What the Boss is Reading", Pensacola News Journal, November 12, 2006, Section B, 
2. "Street Negotiation", Tristan J. Loo, pg. 225, 

</doc>
<doc id="2916802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916802" title="53 Cancri">
53 Cancri

53 Cancri (53 Cnc, BO Cancri, BO Cnc) is a variable star in the constellation Cancer. Its apparent magnitude is 6.25.

</doc>
<doc id="2916808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916808" title="Calbraith Perry Rodgers">
Calbraith Perry Rodgers

Calbraith Perry Rodgers (January 12, 1879 – April 3, 1912) was an American aviation pioneer. He made the first transcontinental airplane flight across the U.S. from September 17, 1911, to November 5, 1911, with dozens of stops, both intentional and accidental. The feat made him a national celebrity, but he was killed in a crash a few months later at an exhibition in California.
Biography.
Rodgers was born on January 12, 1879, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and later lived in Havre de Grace, Maryland. He contracted scarlet fever which left him deaf in one ear and hearing impaired in the other ear.
He was related to Commodores Oliver Hazard Perry and Matthew Calbraith Perry and had a cousin, John Rodgers, in the Navy's Aerial Corps, learning to fly the Navy's newly purchased Wright airplane.
In March 1911, he visited John at the Wright Company factory and flying school in Dayton, Ohio and became interested in aviation. He received 90 minutes of flying lessons from Orville Wright, and on August 7, 1911, he took his official flying examination at Huffman Prairie and became the 49th aviator licensed to fly by the Fédération Aéronautique Internationale. He was one of the first civilians to purchase a Wright Flyer.
Cross country flight.
Publisher William Randolph Hearst offered the Hearst prize, US$50,000 to the first aviator to fly coast to coast, in either direction, in less than 30 days from start to finish. Rodgers had J. Ogden Armour, of Armour and Company, sponsor the flight, and in return he named the plane, a Wright Model EX designed for exhibition flights, after Armour's grape soft drink "Vin Fiz".
Rodgers left from Sheepshead Bay, New York, on September 17, 1911, at 4:30 pm. He reached Chicago on October 9, 1911. It was decided to avoid the Rocky Mountains, he would take a southerly route, flying south through the midwest until reaching Texas. He turned west after reaching San Antonio. On November 5, 1911, he landed at Tournament Park in Pasadena, California, at 4:04 pm in front of 20,000 people. He had missed the prize deadline by 19 days. On December 10, 1911, he landed in Long Beach, California, and taxied his plane into the Pacific Ocean. He had carried the first transcontinental U.S. Mail pouch. The trip required 70 stops, and he paid the Wright brothers' technician, Charlie Taylor, $70 a week to be his mechanic. Taylor followed the flight by train and performed maintenance for the next day's flight. The next transcontinental flight was made by Robert G. Fowler.
Death.
On April 3, 1912, while making an exhibition flight over Long Beach, California, he flew into a flock of birds, causing the plane to crash into the ocean. His neck was broken and his thorax damaged by the engine of the airplane. He died a few moments later, a few hundred feet from where the "Vin Fiz" ended its transcontinental flight. The aircraft in this last flight was the spare Model B he had carried in the special train during the transcontinental flight, rather than the "Vin Fiz". The "Vin Fiz" itself was later given to the Smithsonian Institution by Calbraith's widow, Mabel Rodgers. According to contemporary records, his was the 127th airplane fatality since aviation began and the 22nd American aviator to die in an accident. He was also the first pilot who fatally crashed as a result of a bird strike.
Rodgers was interred in Allegheny Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="2916815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916815" title="Neon Boys">
Neon Boys

The Neon Boys was an early 1970s New York City band, composed of Tom Verlaine, Richard Hell, and Billy Ficca. The trio later went on to form the American rock band Television in 1973. Richard Hell also went on to be in the important early NY punk band Richard Hell and the Voidoids.
Some of the Neon Boys' recordings were released on a 1980 EP, backed with two songs by Richard Hell and the Voidoids. The same songs were re-released in 1991 with one more Neon Boys song.

</doc>
<doc id="2916819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916819" title="Holikachuk">
Holikachuk

Holikachuk (also Innoko, Organized Village of Grayling, Innoka-khotana, Tlëgon-khotana) are a Yupikized Alaska Native Athabaskan people of the Athabaskan-speaking ethnolinguistic group to western Alaska. Their native territory includes the area surrounding the middle and upper Innoko River. Later in 1963 they moved to Grayling on the Yukon River.
The Holikachuk call themselves "Doogh Hit’an" (). The name "Holikachuk" is derived from the name (in the Holikachuk language) of a village in native Holikachuk territory.
The Holikachuk have been neglected by anthropologists, resulting in little documentation (both published and unpublished). In the past they have erroneously (or out of convenience) been grouped with the Koyukon.
The peoples neighboring the Holikachuk are in the north the Yupik (Eskimo) and Koyukon, in the east the Koyukon, in the south the Upper Kuskokwim people, and in the west the Deg Hit'an.
Holikachuk culture is a distant relative to the Deg Hit'an culture.

</doc>
<doc id="2916829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916829" title="Boca Raton Airport">
Boca Raton Airport

Boca Raton Airport is a state-owned public-use airport located two miles (3 km) northwest of the central business district of Boca Raton, a city in Palm Beach County, Florida, United States. The airport is immediately adjacent to Florida Atlantic University and to Interstate 95.
The Boca Raton Airport is publicly owned and is designated as a general aviation transport facility governed by a seven member Authority appointed by the City of Boca Raton and Palm Beach County Commission.
Facilities and aircraft.
Boca Raton Airport covers an area of and has one asphalt paved runway designated 5/23 which measures 6,276 x 150 ft (1,913 x 46 m). The airport has a control tower which is manned from 7:00am to 11:00pm. There are two full service fixed base operators, Boca Aviation and Signature Flight Support. The Burton D. Morgan School of Aeronautic of Lynn University is located at the airport.
For the 12-month period ending June 20, 2002, the airport had 91,004 aircraft operations, an average of 249 per day: 91% general aviation, 9% air taxi and <1% military. At that time there were 205 aircraft based at this airport: 63% single-engine, 20% multi-engine, 16% jet and 1% helicopter.
History.
Beginnings.
The Boca Raton Airport was established in 1936. In 1941, in response to the emerging Axis threat, the United States began to rapidly mobilize and expand its armed forces. In addition to enlarging its Army and Navy, the US also sought to expand its air forces. The service we know today as the U.S. Air Force was known prior to June 1941 as the U.S. Army Air Corps and after June 1941 as the U.S. Army Air Forces, and was a subordinate branch within the U.S. Army. To expand the air corps/air forces, new air bases were established throughout the United States, including bases in southern Florida at Homestead, Morrison Field in West Palm Beach, and at the Boca Raton Airport.
The Boca Raton Airport, also known as Boca Raton Army Airfield, was selected to house a military airfield for a number of geographic and practical reasons. Southern Florida's climate and physical geography are generally considered mild compared to most northern locations. Florida experiences a winter climate characteristic of the subtropics. Lacking snow or low temperatures enabled military operations to continue year round. Florida also has consistently flat terrain, an ideal feature when training new and inexperienced pilots. Its location adjacent to the Atlantic Ocean and the Gulf of Mexico also provided ideal locations for flight training. Boca Raton was also chosen for practical purposes. In the early-1940s, Boca Raton's population numbered only 723. This enabled the United States government to take thousands of acres of land for its use without having to relocate a large number of people. However, this is not to say that the establishment of the military airfield was without controversy. A majority of the land was acquired from Japanese-American farmers from the failing Yamato Colony, the land having been seized through the process of eminent domain, leaving many Japanese-Americans little recourse in the early days of World War II. All of these conditions enabled construction of the military airfield to commence in June 1942.
After World War 2.
The military inactivated the Boca Raton Army Air Field in 1946 and in the 1950s part of the air base was used for a Cold War biological weapons program before the property was developed into Florida Atlantic University.
Other parts were returned to private ownership and developed, with only 200 acres (0.8 km²) and a single runway of three original runways were retained for airport use. Of note, visitors to FAU can still see some of the original runway landing strips (now used as parking lots), containing some of original runway paint line marks still in place, near the southeast side of the campus, as well as many parts of parking lots in
the adjoining Palm Beach State College, to its northeast side.
Recent history.
The airport operated without a control tower until 2000 when the current control tower opened.
The airport suffered more than $12 million worth of damage to hangars when Hurricane Wilma passed through the area in October 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="2916843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916843" title="Denver, West Virginia">
Denver, West Virginia

Denver is an unincorporated community in Preston County, West Virginia, United States. The Tunnelton Denver Elementary School is located along West Virginia Route 26 in Denver.

</doc>
<doc id="2916847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916847" title="List of Esperanto magazines">
List of Esperanto magazines

The first Esperanto magazine was "La Esperantisto", which began publication on September 1, 1889. It continued publication until 1895. Magazines were important to the early Esperanto movement, as it was one of the practical ways the language could be used between conferences such as the annual Universal Congress. Since then there have been hundreds of magazines published in Esperanto. Some of the most well-known magazines published in Esperanto currently are:

</doc>
<doc id="2916856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916856" title="Ion-mobility spectrometry">
Ion-mobility spectrometry

Ion-mobility spectrometry (IMS) is an analytical technique used to separate and identify ionized molecules in the gas phase based on their mobility in a carrier buffer gas. Though heavily employed for military or security purposes, such as detecting drugs and explosives, the technique also has many laboratory analytical applications, recently being coupled with mass spectrometry and high-performance liquid chromatography. IMS devices come in a wide range of sizes (often tailored for a specific application) and are capable of operating under a broad range of conditions. Systems operated at higher pressure (i.e. atmospheric conditions, 1 atm or 1013 mbar) are also accompanied by elevated temperature (above 100 °C), while lower pressure systems (1-20 mbar) do not require heating.
History.
IMS was first developed primarily by Earl W. McDaniel of Georgia Institute of Technology in the 1950s and 1960s when he used drift cells with low applied electric fields to study gas phase ion mobilities and reactions. In the following decades, he coupled his new technique with a magnetic-sector mass spectrometer, with others also utilizing his techniques in new ways. IMS cells have since been attached to many other mass spectrometers and high-performance liquid chromatography setups. Currently IMS is a widely used technique implemented by many, and improvements and other uses are continually being developed.
Outside of laboratory purposes, IMS has found great usage as a detection tool. More than 10,000 IMS devices are in use worldwide in airports, and the US Army has more than 50,000 IMS devices. In industrial settings, uses of IMS include checking equipment cleanliness and detecting emission contents, such as determining the amount of hydrochloric and hydrofluoric acid in a stack gas from a process.
Ion mobility.
In the traditional method of drift-time IMS, commonly referred to as just IMS, produced ions travel through a drift tube which has an applied electric field and a carrier buffer gas that opposes the ion motion. At the end of the tube is a detector. Based on an ion’s mass, charge, size and shape (the ion mobility), the migration time through the tube is characteristic of different ions, leading to the ability to distinguish different analyte species. The area of an ion that gas molecules strike is an ion’s collision cross-section, related to the ion size and shape. The greater this collision cross-section is, meaning the larger the ion size, the more area available for buffer gas to collide and impede the ion’s drift – the ion then requires a longer time to migrate through the drift tube.
The physical quantity ion mobility "K" is defined as the proportionality factor of an ion's drift velocity "vd" in a gas and an electric field of strength "E",
Ion mobilities are commonly reported as a "reduced mobilities", correcting to standard gas density "n0", which can be expressed in standard temperature "T0" = 273 K and standard pressure "p0" = 1013 mbar:
The ion mobility "K" can be experimentally determined by measuring the drift time "tD" of an ion traversing within a homogeneous electric field the potential difference "U" in the drift length "L":
The ion mobility "K" can also be calculated by the Mason equation:
where "Q" is the ion charge, "n" is the drift gas number density, "μ" is the reduced mass of the ion and the drift gas molecules, "k" is Boltzmann constant, "T" is the drift gas temperature, and "σ" is the ion’s collision cross section with the drift gas. This relation holds approximately at a low electric field limit, where the ratio of E/N is small, at ≤ 6 x 10−17 J•C−1•cm2
A drift tube’s resolving power "R" can be calculated as
where L is the tube length, E is the electric field strength, Q is the ion charge, k is Boltzmann’s constant, and T is the drift gas temperature.
With a low electric field applied, the thermal energy of the ions is greater than the energy gained from the electric field between collisions. With these ions having similar energies as the buffer gas molecules, diffusion forces dominate ion motion.
Instrumentation.
Ionization.
The molecules of the sample need to be ionized, usually by corona discharge, atmospheric pressure photoionization (APPI), electrospray ionization (ESI), or a radioactive source, e.g. a small piece of 63Ni or 241Am, similar to the one used in ionization smoke detectors. ESI and MALDI techniques are commonly used when IMS is paired with mass spec.
Doping materials are sometimes added to the drift gas for ionization selectivity. For example, acetone can be added for chemical warfare agent detection, chlorinated solvents added for explosives, and nicotinamide added for drugs detection.
Analyzer.
TOFIMS.
In its simplest form an IMS system measures how fast a given ion moves in a uniform electric field through a given atmosphere. 
In specified intervals, a sample of the ions is let into the drift chamber; the gating mechanism is based on a charged electrode working in a similar way as the control grid in triodes works for electrons. For precise control of the ion pulse width admitted to the drift tube, more complex gating systems such as a Bradbury-Nielsen design are employed. Once in the drift tube, ions are subjected to a homogeneous electric field ranging from a few volts per centimeter up to many hundreds of volts per centimeter. This electric field then drives the ions through the drift tube where they interact with the neutral drift molecules contained within the system.
In the drift tube, chemical species separate based on the ion mobility, arriving at the detector for measurement. Ions are recorded at the detector in order from the fastest to the slowest, generating a response signal characteristic for the chemical composition of the measured sample.
For drift-time IMS, two main methods are used – either reduced pressure or ambient pressure. A reduced pressure is where the applied pressure gas is at a few torr, commonly used to measure ion collision cross-sections. Ambient pressure is what is used for stand-alone detector devices, as well as detection for gas, liquid, and supercriticial fluid chromatographies. The higher pressures of ambient pressure methods allow for higher resolving power and greater separation selectivity due to a higher rate of ion-molecule interactions. Reduced pressure IMS allows for ion-focusing and an easier interface with mass spec.
Though drift electric fields are normally uniform, non-uniform drift fields are also used. These non-uniform field IMS results are often calibrated to uniform field instrumentation. Non-uniform field usage is still in a relatively early developing stage.
DMS/FAIMS.
DMS (differential mobility spectrometer) make use of the dependence of ion mobility "K" on electric field strength "E" at high electric fields. Ions are subjected to different field strengths for different amounts of time. Thereby only ions with certain mobility dependence survive. These types of IMS work as a scanable filter. They are also called FAIMS
DMA.
DMA differential mobility analyzer make use of a fast gas stream perpendicular to the electric field. Thereby ions of different mobilities undergo different trajectories. This type of IMS corresponds to the sector instruments in mass spectrometry. They also work as a scanable filter. Examples include DMD (Differential Mobility Detector), first commercialized in Varian CP-4900 MicroGC.
Drift gas.
The drift gas pressure is an important parameter for the IMS instrument design and resolution. Most drift gases have a greater potential to break down at pressures higher than a few mbar, with the potential to break down increasing as the pressure increases. As an example, high drift voltages of about 10-30 kV can be used with tubes of 1 m length and high gas pressures of 100-1000 mbar to obtain high resolutions. At higher pressures than 10 mbar, ions become more difficult to store. At lower pressures, ions can be stored more easily to obtain an accumulated continuous signal, with the trade-off of lower electric fields (around 10-30 V/cm).
Elevated gas temperature assists in removing ion clusters that may distort experimental measurements.
Detector.
Often the detector is a simple Faraday plate, however, more advanced ion mobility instruments are coupled with mass spectrometers where both size and mass information may be obtained simultaneously.
Trapped ion mobility spectrometry.
In trapped ion mobility spectrometry (TIMS) ions are held stationary (or trapped) in a flowing buffer gas by an axial electric field gradient (EFG) profile while the application of radio frequency (rf) potentials result in trapping in the radial dimension. TIMS operates in the pressure range of 2 to 5 mbar and replaces the ion funnel found in the source region of modern mass spectrometers. TIMS can be coupled with nearly any mass analyzer through either the standard mode of operation for beam-type instruments, or selective accumulation mode (SAIMS) when used with trapping mass spectrometry (MS) instruments. TIMS devices do not require large size or high voltage in order to achieve high resolution, for instance achieving over 250 resolving power from a 4.7 cm device. In addition TIMS is capable of higher sensitivity than traditional ion mobility systems because no grids or shutters exist in the ion path, improving ion transmission both during ion mobility experiments and while operating in a transparent MS only mode.
Combined IMS methods.
IMS can be combined with other separation techniques.
GC-IMS : gas chromatography - ion mobility spectrometry.
When IMS is coupled with gas chromatography, common sample introduction is with the GC capillary column directly connected to the IMS setup, with molecules ionized as they elute from GC. A similar technique is commonly used for HPLC.
IMS-MS : ion mobility spectrometry - mass spectrometry.
When IMS is used with mass spectrometry, ion mobility spectrometry-mass spectrometry offers many advantages, including better signal to noise, isomer separation, and charge state identification. IMS has commonly been attached to several mass spec analyzers, including quadropole, time-of-flight, and Fourier transform cyclotron resonance.
LC-IMS-MS : liquid chromatography - ion mobility spectrometry - mass spectrometry.
Coupled with LC and MS, IMS has become widely used to analyze biomolecules, a practice heavily developed by David E. Clemmer, now at Indiana University (Bloomington).
Applications.
Perhaps ion mobility spectrometry's greatest strength is the speed at which separations occur—typically on the order of tens of milliseconds. This feature combined with its ease of use, relatively high sensitivity, and highly compact design have allowed IMS as a commercial product to be used as a routine tool for the field detection of explosives, drugs, and chemical weapons. Major manufacturers of IMS screening devices used in airports are Morpho and Smiths Detection.
In the pharmaceutical industry IMS is used in cleaning validations, demonstrating that reaction vessels are sufficiently clean to proceed with the next batch of pharmaceutical product. IMS is much faster and more accurate than HPLC and total organic carbon methods previously used. IMS is also used for analyzing the composition of drugs produced, thereby finding a place in quality assurance and control. As a research tool ion mobility is becoming more widely used in the analysis of biological materials, specifically, proteomics and metabolomics. For example, IMS-MS using MALDI as the ionization method has helped make advances in proteomics, providing faster high-resolution separations of protein pieces in analysis.
Aspirating IMS is an ion mobility spectrometry technology used to detect low or trace quantities of chemicals in the surrounding atmosphere. It is applied in industrial and military purposes to detect harmful substances in air. Aspiration IMS operates with open-loop circulation of sampled air. Sample flow is passed via ionization chamber and then enters to measurement area where the ions are deflected into one or more measuring electrodes by perpendicular electric field which can be either static or varying. The output of the sensor is characteristic of the ion mobility distribution and can be used for detection and identification purposes.
In metabolomics the IMS is used to detect lung cancer, Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, Sarcoidosis, potential rejections after Lung transplantation and relations to bacteria within the lung, see Breath gas analysis.

</doc>
<doc id="2916857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916857" title="54 Cancri">
54 Cancri

54 Cancri (54 Cnc) is a star in the constellation Cancer. Its apparent magnitude is 6.6.

</doc>
<doc id="2916858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916858" title="Victor Valley College">
Victor Valley College

Victor Valley College is a community college in the southeast corner of Victorville, California, United States, part of the 112-campus California Community College System. The Victor Valley Community College district includes Victorville, Hesperia, Apple Valley, Phelan and Adelanto.
History.
The college was created by a vote of the public in 1960 and the first classes were held in 1961 at Victor Valley High School in an unused building. The campus started construction in 1963 and was opened to students in 1965.
During the 1990s and 2000s, the campus went through a number of improvements as the resident population of the High Desert increased, most notably an Adaptive Physical Education Building, Advanced Technology Building, Gymnasium, Library, an expanded Performing Arts Center, Planetarium, and the Student Activities Center.
On February 14, 2012, Victor Valley Community College District opened its first satellite campus in Apple Valley called the Regional Public Safety Training Center just northwest of the Apple Valley County Airport (nicknamed the Eastside Center in the Five-Year Plan.) The new center contains 46,000 sq. ft. of classrooms, conference rooms, laboratories, and lecture halls. Directly outside the center, a prop area called "CERT City" (named after County of San Bernardino Community Emergency Response Team) has large vehicles, a hazard tower and disaster areas for simulated exercises. Construction on the second satellite campus, the "Westside" Workforce Development Center in West Hesperia, continues into the 2013-2014 school year, when it is estimated to be ready for use.
Academic and vocational programs.
The college provides nearly 40 major courses of study, with the most popular being Liberal Arts, Registered Nursing and Business Management. Other majors include Agriculture and Natural Resources, Fire Science, Welding, Music, Animation, Automotive Repair, Construction Technology, and Criminal Justice.
As a junior college, VVC issues Associates degrees. Offices are present on-site from universities in partnership with VVC to allow distance education coursework in a handful of majors that provide students with Bachelor's degrees. Victor Valley College has developed an online class offering that allows select major courses of study to be taken entirely on the Internet.
Geography.
Victor Valley College lies on the southern edge of the Mojave Desert. The college sits directly to the south of Spring Valley Lake (a planned unincorporated community in San Bernardino County). It is located at the most southeastern point in the City of Victorville. Directly south of the campus is Hesperia and east of the campus past the Mojave River is the town of Apple Valley. The San Bernardino and Los Angeles mountain ranges lie approximately 15 miles to the south, southeast, and southwest of the college.
Victor Valley College features are split into Upper and Lower campuses by a steep hill halfway through the school's property. The Upper Campus on the west is limited on the west by Spring Valley Lake Parkway, built around a man-made lake surrounded by campus buildings on all sides. The Lower Campus on the eastern side is bordered by the Mojave River and the Mojave Fish Hatchery which is run by the State of California. The north of the campus property adjacent to Spring Valley Lake offers additional expansion room, which is somewhat limited by hilly terrain and natural debris flow. Bear Valley Road physically limits Victor Valley College on the south, being a major highway as well as the city limit of Hesperia.
Population.
The current student population averages 12,000 full-time enrolled students. A full-time staff of approximately 600 classified, management, and instructional employees are on duty, which includes approximately 140 full-time instructors. The campus is the only community college in the Victor Valley region; the district boundaries are set east of Antelope Valley, south of Barstow and west of Yucca Valley.
Plans in 2007 called for funding and facility improvements to handle up to 30,000 students by 2017. A general obligation bond, Measure JJ was approved by the residents of the Victor Valley in November 2008, allowing $2 billion in tax revenues to forgive past debts and to continue expansion of the campus.
Future expansion/construction projects.
These construction projects are documented in the District's Five-Year Plan and are ongoing (estimated completion academic years listed below).
Transportation.
Victor Valley Transit Authority operates two public-access bus stops on campus, one of them acting as a transfer point to connect to a routes in the Victor Valley region. Bicycle loaders are common on these buses, and bicycle racks are provided throughout the campus.
The closest freeway access to Victor Valley College is on Interstate 15 to the West approximately seven miles away on Bear Valley Road.
External links.
www.facebook.com/victorvalleycollege

</doc>
<doc id="2916859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916859" title="57 Cancri">
57 Cancri

57 Cancri is a binary star in the constellation Cancer. It is approximately 365 light years from Earth.
The primary component, 57 Cancri A, is a yellow G-type giant with an apparent magnitude of +6.1. Its companion, 57 Cancri B is an orange K-type star with an apparent magnitude of +6.6. The two stars are separated by 1.50 arcseconds. The combined apparent magnitude of the system is +5.40.

</doc>
<doc id="2916860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916860" title="Market allocation scheme">
Market allocation scheme

Market allocation or market division schemes are agreements in which competitors divide markets among themselves. In such schemes, competing firms allocate specific customers or types of customers, products, or territories among themselves. For example, one competitor will be allowed to sell to, or bid on contracts let by, certain customers or types of customers. In return, he or she will not sell to, or bid on contracts let by, customers allocated to the other competitors. In other schemes, competitors agree to sell only to customers in certain geographic areas and refuse to sell to, or quote intentionally high prices to, customers in geographic areas allocated to conspirator companies. 
Anti-Trust.
According to Adam Smith, people of the same trade seldom meet without the conversation turning to conspiring ways to raise prices and defraud the public. Market allocation is generally regarded as illegal, unless the Department of Treasury or equivalent body authorises it.

</doc>
<doc id="2916862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916862" title="Egypt, West Virginia">
Egypt, West Virginia

Egypt is an unincorporated community in Jefferson County, West Virginia, USA. It is located between Opequon Creek and Leetown off of Sulphur Spring Road on Egypt Road.

</doc>
<doc id="2916871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916871" title="Paul Wilson (baseball)">
Paul Wilson (baseball)

Paul Anthony Wilson (born March 28, 1973, in Orlando, Florida) is a retired American professional baseball pitcher. A right-hander, he played all or part of seven seasons in Major League Baseball.
Baseball career.
Amateur career.
Wilson played college baseball for the Florida State University Seminoles under head coach Mike Martin.
Professional career.
In his minor league career, he was billed alongside Jason Isringhausen and Bill Pulsipher as a future Mets star. The three were dubbed by sportswriters and fans as "Generation K".
On July 28, 2000, he was traded to the Tampa Bay Devil Rays. In 2002, he was granted free agency, and then signed with the Cincinnati Reds. In 2004, he was a free agent again, but quickly re-signed with the Reds.
In 2004, Wilson had a career-high 11 wins and 6 losses in 29 games.
On March 21, 2007, Wilson was released by the Reds, another setback as he tried to come back from shoulder surgery.
Wilson played for the Reno Silver Sox of the Golden Baseball League in 2008, before his release on June 8.

</doc>
<doc id="2916873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916873" title="Pull Me Under">
Pull Me Under

"Pull Me Under" is the first track and first single from Dream Theater's 1992 album "Images and Words". It is also featured on the "Live at the Marquee" CD, "Once in a LIVEtime" CD, "Live at Budokan" CD and DVD and the "" VHS and DVD. It was very well received, and received extensive MTV rotation. It is widely considered to be Dream Theater's signature song.
History.
The song originally had the working title "Oliver's Twist". Although the band did enjoy its success with MTV and radio play during the release and thereafter, the band has continued to keep its distance from the mainstream scene; although, it is still performed in world tours. In a radio interview, Mike Portnoy stated that "...it was just an 8 and a half minute song, and it was just a fluke for MTV and radio play to happen." 
Ending.
A distinctive feature of the song is its lack of a conventional ending. "Pull Me Under" simply stops at 8 minutes and 11 seconds. A later Dream Theater song, "Raw Dog", ends abruptly, similar to "Pull Me Under". This abrupt ending was corrected in their Greatest Hit compilation. Asked about the abrupt ending while at a drum clinic in Atlanta in 1999, Mike Portnoy explained "We had all this tension, and it just kept building and building, and we had no idea where to take it, you know? So we decided to just pull the plug on it, like The Beatles did with She's So Heavy."
Fans consider "On the Backs of Angels", a song from the 2011 album "A Dramatic Turn of Events" to be structurally similar to "Pull Me Under", though it concludes with a more conventional ending. 
Lyrics.
Kevin Moore's lyrics refer to Shakespeare's "Hamlet", and are told from Prince Hamlet's point of view. They allude heavily to the play and echo Hamlet's desire to give in to his urge to gain revenge for his father at the cost of his own sanity. Over the final moments of the song (from time 7'49" until the end) James LaBrie can be heard singing a direct quote from Hamlet:
""Oh that this too, too solid flesh would melt.""
Single release.
The song peaked at #10 on the "Billboard" Mainstream Rock Tracks chart. It was also released as a promotional single. Because it was the only Dream Theater single to achieve such success, "Pull Me Under" is the "hit" referred to in the Dream Theater compilation "Dream Theater's Greatest Hit (...and 21 Other Pretty Cool Songs)".
A shortened version of the song (clocking at 4:48) also featured a music video which alternated between clips of the band performing and an obscure storyline about someone, who is often described by band members and fans as a "wolfman." The band members were reportedly unhappy with the storyline, saying that it doesn't have anything to do with the song's subject matter. Lead singer James LaBrie can be seen wearing a Napalm Death shirt in the video. According to drummer Mike Portnoy that shirt actually got the band connected with Napalm Death.
Live performances.
During live performances of "Pull Me Under", James LaBrie used to sometimes incorporate an F#5 scream or two into the vocals, as can be heard in the recording on "Live at the Marquee".
Legacy.
"Pull Me Under" is a playable master track in "Guitar Hero World Tour"; this version however does not feature the truncated final bar of the song by having it end at "solid flesh." It is also featured as a cover in "Rock Revolution". It is also used as the intro to the "Rick Emerson Show".
The beginning of the song can occasionally be heard playing on the loudspeakers at the AT&T Center during San Antonio Spurs games.

</doc>
<doc id="2916874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916874" title="Northern State Parkway">
Northern State Parkway

The Northern State Parkway (also known as the Northern State or Northern Parkway) is a limited-access state parkway on Long Island in the U.S. state of New York. The western terminus is at the Queens–Nassau County line, where the parkway continues westward into New York City as the Grand Central Parkway. The eastern terminus is at New York State Route 347 (NY 347) and NY 454 in Hauppauge. The parkway is designated New York State Route 908G (NY 908G), an unsigned reference route. As its name implies, the parkway services communities along the northern half of the island.
In western Nassau County the parkway sports six lanes, three eastbound and three westbound, narrowing to four lanes total in central Nassau at the Wantagh Parkway (exit 33) and through its twelve miles (19 km) or so in western Suffolk County, where it ends. It was constructed in stages throughout the 1930s and again post-World War II in the late 1940s/early 1950s until it reached its current terminus in Hauppauge in 1965. The Northern State Parkway is an eastern extension of the Grand Central Parkway. It was part of master planner Robert Moses' extensive road-building campaign and was built as a sister road to the Southern State Parkway. In recent years its design has quickly become dated due to an increase in commuter traffic using the roadway, and numerous improvements have been made (including the widening from four to six lanes in Central Nassau west to the Nassau-Queens line where it becomes the Grand Central) or are still on paper.
Route description.
Like its siblings in the State Parkway system on Long Island, the Hudson Valley, and in New York City, commercial truck traffic is banned from the parkway due to low overpasses. The Long Island Expressway (designated Interstate 495, abbreviated LIE) was built later on by Moses to handle truck traffic traveling between New York City and Long Island's famed East End. The LIE runs directly alongside the Northern State in some parts of Nassau County.
Lake Success to Woodbury.
The Northern State Parkway begins at the Queens–Nassau county line in front of the Towers Country Club in Little Neck. After crossing the county line, the Northern State proceeds east through Lake Success as a six lane parkway, passing the northern end of the campus of Long Island Jewish Medical Center. A short distance east of the medical center, the parkway crosses under Lakeville Road and enters exit 25, which connects to Lakeville Road via Marcus Avenue. The parkway proceeds northeast through Lake Success, entering exit 26 which serves New Hyde Park Road. At this junction, the parkway remains in close distance of the Long Island Expressway (I-495). The parkway winds northeast through North Hills, approaching the eastbound lanes of the Long Island Expressway, but entering exit 27, which connects to Shelter Rock Road (County Route 8; CR 8).
The Northern State and the Long Island Expressway begin paralleling each other in both directions, passing north of Searingtown. Just east of exit 36 on the expressway, the Northern State breaks away to the east for a short distance through Albertson, entering exit 28, which connects to Willis Avenue. The six-lane parkway continues eastward through Albertson, crossing under a railroad line and entering exit 29, which connects to Roslyn Road. The Northern State then enters Old Westbury, passing a large set of baseball fields. Now paralleling Glen Cove Road, the Northern State proceeds south into exit 30, I.U. Willets Road. A short distance to the south, the parkway enters Wheatley Hills Golf Club and into Carle Place]].
Through Carle Place, the Northern State enters exit 31, which connects to NY 25, crossing under NY 25B (Hillside Avenue). Bending east, the parkway crosses over NY 25 (Jericho Turnpike), entering exit 31A, which serves the northern terminus of the Meadowbrook State Parkway in Westbury. After the interchange, the parkway proceeds northeast, passing under Carle Road in Westbury, entering The Hedges section, where exit 32, serving Post Road, interchanges. The Northern State then crosses through Birchwood Knolls and West Jericho as a six-lane parkway, where it enters exit 33, the northern terminus of the Wantagh State Parkway. After crossing under the southbound lane access ramp, the Northern State crosses under a flyover from the Wantagh northbound, then entering exit 34 in the town of Oyster Bay, which serves Brush Hollow Road.
Continuing east through Jericho Gardens, the Northern State Parkway proceeds northeast as a four-lane roadway, passing north of Cantiauge Park as it enters West Birchwood. In West Birchwood, the Northern State bends northeast, beginning a new parallel with the Long Island Expressway. Like at exit 27, approaching the expressway, the Northern State enters interchange 35, which serves the concurrency of NY 106 and NY 107 (North Broadway). After the cloverleaf interchange, the parkway enters East Birchwood on a parallel of the Long Island Expressway, which connects to the Northern State via exit 42. Like the previous parallel, the Northern State forks east away from the expressway, crossing over a one-track railroad line through Birchwood. A short distance after, the parkway enters exit 36, a cloverleaf interchange with South Oyster Bay Road (CR 9) before entering Woodbury.
Woodbury to Commack.
In Woodbury, the Northern State Parkway continues east, crossing under Woodbury Road before entering a partial cloverleaf interchange with NY 135 (the Seaford–Oyster Bay Expressway). After NY 135, the parkway bends northeast, entering exit 37, which connects to Manetto Hill Road. A short distance after, the parkway enters another interchange with the Long Island Expressway (exit 37A) and an interchange with Sunnyside Boulevard (exit 38). Here, the route enters Trail View State Park before becoming a divided four-lane parkway through dense woods. The parkway makes a gradual bend to the east, then southeast, crossing the county line into Suffolk County just west of exit 39. Now in the town of Huntington, the Northern State enters exit 39, which serves Round Swamp Road. 
After exit 39, the Northern State Parkway proceeds eastward as a four-lane freeway, crossing through West Hills County Park, where it winds through dense woods east and southeast through Huntington. Passing north of a cemetery, the parkway enters exit 40, which was formerly a cloverleaf interchange with NY 110 (Walt Whitman Road). After exit 40, the Northern State proceeds northeast, passing south of Whitman Park before bending east once again near Old Country Road. The four-lane parkway becomes divided once again, crossing northeast through Huntington into exit 41, a diamond interchange with Wolf Hill Road. The parkway soon enters the Caledonia section of town, bending eastward under Dix Hills Road as it enters the Arista section of town. The parkway crosses back into Caledonia, entering a partial cloverleaf interchange with Deer Park Road (NY 231 and CR 35). This interchange serves as the northern terminus of NY 231.
After Deer Park Road, the Northern State Parkway bends northeast once again, leaving the Caledonia area before bending southeast as a four-lane parkway. A short distance later, the route enters the Vanderbilt section of Huntington, paralleling north of CR 67 (Vanderbilt Parkway). In Vanderbilt, the parkway enters exit 43, a junction with CR 4 (Commack Road). Immediately after crossing over Commack Road, the large cloverleaf interchange that is Exits 44 and 45 comes in. Exit 44 serves the Sagtikos State Parkway and exit 45 serves the Sunken Meadow State Parkway, which share the same right-of-way. Now in the town of Smithtown, the Northern State enters the hamlet of Commack. Through Commack, the parkway becomes a divided four-lane roadway once again, entering exit 46 eastbound, which connects to New Highway via a service road.
After exit 46, the Northern State Parkway bends northeast, crossing through Mayfair and east of Hoyt Farm Park. The parkway soon crosses under New Highway in Commack, before entering a large interchange with NY 347 and NY 454 (Veterans Highway). This unnumbered interchange serves as the eastern terminus of the Northern State Parkway, whose northbound lanes merge into NY 347/NY 454 east.
History.
Design.
Wheatley Hills opposition.
Designs for the Long Island Parkway system were first brought up in 1925 by Robert Moses, the chairman of the Long Island State Park Commission (LISPC). This new parkway, designated as the "North Parkway", was a scenic roadway through Wheatley Hills, which was congested during the holiday seasons. Almost immediately, several wealthy residents of the neighborhood wanted the parkway realigned out of their neighborhood. The residents suggested that the North Parkway would damage home values through the Wheatley Hills area, a more centered parkway, designated the "Middle Parkway" would be better to develop, since most of the right-of-way would be along "wasted lands". The new parkway would soon reach the North Shore and Smithtown and would eventually improve the land along it.
Although they opposed the project, the committee developed by Wheatley Hills admitted that local property owners should ignore the case for the good of the general public. On March 6, 1925, the State of New York approved that the land for parks and parkways would not require the consent of the State Land Board, which would help Moses and the commission get land and start clearing the opposition of Wheatley Hills. On May 8, the LISPC held a public announcement of the system for parkways through Long lsland, including a Northern State Parkway, connecting from Nassau Boulevard, and the Southern State Parkway, a new parkway from Central Avenue in Valley Stream. Both roads would have right-of-way. The decision to expand the system was brought up by Governor Alfred E. Smith; the roads coming out of Queens are not capable of handling traffic from New York City.
The right-of-way would be bought by Nassau County authorities and the state disapproved the "Middle Parkway" proposal that would bypass Wheatley Hills. The middle alignment would be much more expensive and cross through several larger settlements through the county. Grade crossings could not be eliminated either in design of the new parkway and in general the proposed alignment was not feasible. The route preferred would parallel the former Long Island Motor Parkway through western Nassau County, which turned south near East Williston. The parkway would start paralleling again in Suffolk County as the route approached Lake Ronkonkoma.
However, the problems with Wheatley Hills persisted into May 1925, with the Regional Plan of New York getting involved in the debates. Smith and the LISPC toured the right-of-way to inspect the new alignment through Wheatley Hills along with an estate in East Islip that would affect the Northern State. The case had already been brought to courts to prevent the LISPC from taking the estate. Smith stated that the opponents of the new highway should prove that they have a serious argument. While Wheatley Hills opposed the project, it was admitted that they had offered to give land for use. An editorial written in the "New York Times" stated that the circular route that the Northern State Parkway would bring would be stronger in handling traffic than the Middle Island Parkway. The Northern State would e wider and cross be more helpful on Sunday traffic through Long Island, which was compared to Fifth Avenue in Manhattan.
In June 1925, Smith wrote a letter that was sent to Henry Earle, a resident of Wheatley Hills that he disagreed with. Smith responded to the letter and submitted it to the "New York Times" that detailed that he was happy to hear that some of the objectors in the region were beginning to lighten their view on the Northern State Parkway. Smith outlined that he supported the designs made by the LISPC and engineers. Smith mentioned he did not know who recently stated that the Wheatley Hills residents were going to be taught a "lesson" by the state and mentioned that no one had done so. Smith continued to show his support for the looped parkway system developed for Long Island and that having only one parkway (the Middle Island Parkway) would not be advantageous towards the goal. Earle mentioned in his letter than one cannot see the Atlantic Ocean and the Long Island Sound could not be seen from the proposed alignment and Smith responded that the Manetto Hills would go to High Hill, where magnificent views of the water could be seen.
Earle also argued the .fact that the new parkway would destroy property values through the Wheatley Hills region. Evidence was supportive to Smith that the project would, in fact, raise property values through the region. Smith also took a case with the parkway crossing through 'uninteresting farmland" that would be destroyed. If the land does not exist according to Earle, Smith question what there was that would be destroyed. The final argument made was about the idea of Smith being selfish in the design of the parkway, which was rebuffed by claiming that the new parkway had help from many residents through Nassau County and that the amount of people opposing were blowing it out of proportion. Smith completed the letter that he would forward the info to the LISPC that some residents were ready to cooperate.
Political opposition.
In August 1928, Smith, now running for President of the United States, attacked Republican Party leaders in the New York State Legislature for being "ignorant" and the obstructions of "every single park and parkway project on Long Island since 1924". Senator Charles Hewitt and Assemblyman Eberly Hutchinson both the financial chairs for their congressional departments, would not allow $50,000 (1928 USD) for surveys of the Northern State Parkway, at the total of $15,000, and for purchase of the right-of-way, which would cost $35,000. Smith argued that by withholding the $50,000, the state would lose valuable options of land for the roadway already acquired and ones proposed to be acquired. Smith instead hoped that locals would help pay for the surveys, similar to August Heckscher saving Deer Range State Park and that people would come forward.
Smith, although running for his campaign, would refuse to leave without beginning the skeleton of a new park and parkway system for Long Island and make sure the land needed would be in property of the state. Smith continued ripping the politicians and that they were on the side of those in Wheatley Hills and pledged to keep the parkway out of their neighborhood. However, Smith argued that the sentiment had changed in Wheatley Hills and that most of the residents were in support of the project. However, Hewitt and Hutchinson refused to permit the money because they would not touch any money until the Southern State Parkway was completed. Smith denied that agreement ever occurred. The money that was supposed to be use was from unappropriated state land in New York City. The money for purchasing land would go to those who agreed with the LISPC on prices or those who could not afford to give away the land.
Smith started arguing that Hutchison had approved to make the $50,000 expenditure, but wanted to talk to Hewitt first in July 1928. Hewitt also went and stated that the entire parkway would cost $50 million (1928 USD) to be constructed. Smith rebuffed that saying the parkway would be spread out over a period of a minimum of six years from the beginning of construction. The first piece would only be $5 million spent. Smith called the opposition reasons by Hutchinson and Hewitt as "absurd", though Smith admitted he said no funds for construction would be asked on until completion of the Southern State and the causeway to Jones Beach State Park. Smith said that they would have asked for the money this year if the legislature had not cut money that made it harder to get construction to Wantagh.
The next day, Hewitt and Hutchinson responded to the attacks of Smith, calling them "unqualified falsehoods" on their opposition to the parkway. Both politicians accused Smith of using this to divert attention from his struggling campaign against Herbert Hoover. Both Hewitt and Hutchinson determined that they refuse to meet ground with Smith, and that they would not make effort to contact Smith. Hutchinson accused Smith of only having one sentence that was true in his rant. Hutchinson also denied that he and Hewitt were obstructors in the park program for Long Island. Hewitt responded that the $50 million statement was untrue and both stated that Smith was trying to rush them into supporting the money.
Continued arguments.
Meanwhile, Robert Moses continued hawking the design of the Long Island parkway system and the benefits that these new parkways would bring about for residents. The Northern State Parkway, which would run from Nassau Boulevard to the Sagtikos Manor Parkway in Dix Hills, had most of its land obtained by August 26, 1928, and by the time, only gaps in the right-of-way acquisition had existed in Westbury and in Jericho.
In March 1929, it was reported by the LISPC that more than 60% of the right-of-way needed for the Northern State Parkway and its spur parkway to the Southern State were acquired. All this land had been given by gifts of individual residents that totaled in of right-of-way and of land for the parkway. By that point, the opposition for the new parkway remained only in Wheatley Hills and the committee formed in 1925 to get the parkway moved out of Wheatley Hills was still affecting the process of acquiring the needed land. The Northern State Parkway would choose the best route without any prejudices. Moses also told the supervisor of the town of Oyster Bay that Wheatley Hills estates were assessed to cost $1,000 per acre (1929 USD) and land near Hempstead were doubled that over Weatley Hills. The supervisor told the New York Times that they assessments were "grossly unfair" and "ridiculously low" compared to the estates within the same town, who were supporting giving land to the state.
Major William Kennedy, talked to the New York Times in late March 1929 about the opposition in Wheatley Hills to the Northern State Parkway project. Kennedy recently toured the route of the entire proposed system, and that the residents of Wheatley Hills were overlooking the fact that New York City had effective constructed the traffic right to the area, with construction of the Union Turnpike and the Grand Central Parkway, which lead to Wheatley Hills. Kennedy stated only the city line cuts off the parkways from the same high ridges that would be involved. Kennedy went on to say that the Wheatley Hills opposes based on the idea that they would be opened to the state for automobile traffic.
Even into 1929, the residents of Wheatley Hills wanted the alignment to be south, but the public had show preference for the northern alignment and that the LISPC would not back down from using said alignment. Kennedy stated that the residents of eastern Nassau County and Suffolk County had been more towards construction of the parkway on the designed route than the western Nassau County community. Kennedy stated tat the cost of the project would be between $5 million and $6 million for the system and would protect the landscape through the area, while making sure all grade crossings were eliminated.
In early April 1929, the newly elected governor, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, supported the LISPC in the fight to handle the Wheatley Hills residents, who were represented now by attorney Grenville Clark. Clark stated that only 53.5% of the right-of-way for the Northern State had been acquired and not the 60% originally reported by the LISPC. Some local propaganda insisted that 80% right-of-way had been acquired, but this was deemed erroneous. Clark stated that there had been misleading statements about the residents of Wheatley Hills and their attitudes on the project. Roosevelt called the statements made on April 9 by Clark as "misleading propaganda" and that the differing numbers is so small that Clark could not make an argument about it. Roosevelt stated he had experience in acquiring rights-of-way, calling it a difficult procedure and that it was extraordinary that so much land was acquired for the project despite the heavy opposition.
Roosevelt also called the accusations of the LISPC issuing misleading propaganda as "absurd" and that this always happens when it comes to right-of-way acquisition. The Governor also stated that it would be "simply absurd" to make believe that acres of land with high values would be taken without knowledge of who did what. Roosevelt finally stated that the opposition outside of Wheatley Hills had evaporated so much that local communities were even forwarding their own money to help buy land for the parkway.
Solutions.
In May 1929, the opposition remaining in Nassau County (Wheatley Hills) released a statement that the Nassau County Citizens Committee (NCCC) had been organized to cooperate with the town of Oyster Bay, Nassau County and state authorities for the development of the county. The committee would also oppose any projects which would damage a section of the county. The new committee declared they would fight the Northern State Parkway alignment on the argument that "it is uneconomic, unnecessarily destructive and contrary to the public interest." The committee also stated that the LISPC had given propaganda that had drastically overstated the amount of land acquired, and it was actually only under 20% in Nassau County. The disputed documents also stated that the majority of landowners in Nassau County actually support the project, which they claimed was untrue. On June 9, the committee hired C. F. Stewart as its executive secretary. Stewart, an attorney and civic worker from Woodmere to help fight the project and help design other civic activities.
Behind the scenes, Clark had discovered that Moses had made a deal with a relative, Otto Kahn, to realign the Northern State around his private golf course. Clark forwarded his discovery to Hutchinson and Hewitt, who in turn, demanded the payment sources for all purchases of private property. They also requested the information if any alignment was to cross through the route of a donor and was it changed after the gift. Moses denied the accusations made by Hewitt and Hutchinson, but soon admitted to Roosevelt that he had accepted $10,000 (1929 USD) to shift the route but said the shift was to satisfy the objections of local landowners who refused to accept the alignment in Dix Hills. Roosevelt originally wanted to support the alignment through Wheatley Hills, but once Clark threatened to expose the disclosure to the public, he relented. On October 23, 1929, Clark told Roosevelt that the citizens were sick of Moses, who they claimed "refused to compromise" and was "highly insulting". Roosevelt wasted no time coming up with a compromise to make the route have abrupt turn at Glen Cove Road in Wheatley Hills.
In November 1929, the NCCC met at the Harvard Club and adopted unanimous resolutions to criticize Robert Moses for "unfounded assertions" that he misrepresented the attitude of the NCCC. The board also approved a plan sent in July to convert the Long Island Motor Parkway into a state parkway. The NCCC officially preferred using the Motor parkway over the Northern State Parkway alignment. The Motor Parkway was argued as wide and heads for from the Queensboro Bridge to Lake Ronkonkoma, eliminating the need to acquire more right-of-way for the Northern State. Rather than get the project involved in further politics, the NCCC preferred getting a solution based on expert opinion.
Robert Moses sent a letter to Ernest Buckland about why the LISPC had done so much for the southern shores of Long Island and not enough for the northern side. Moses accused the residents of Wheatley Hills and now West Hills of blocking a new parkway through the northern shore. The letter however made no reference to accusations made the either day by the NCCC and it was questioned if Moses had heard about it. Moses stated that there had never been more opposition to one project since 1924. Moses denounced the NCCC and its views to prevent and/or postpone all state development in northern Nassau County. Moses backed his right-of-way that the Motor Parkway would have no value for state parkway design, being too narrow and poorly constructed through the center of Nassau County. Moses decried the idea as a "ridiculous suggestion" and push all of the traffic into the center of the island.
Moses argued that traffic congestion in northern Nassau County required desperate measures to get a parkway through the system along with other roads being widened. Moses decried that the traffic would not go through the southern or central parts of the county, but would use locals roads through Nassau County, including North Hempstead Turnpike, which was the only west–east artery. Compared to the southern half of the county, where four arteries were being widened or constructed, the LISPC is not to blame for these problems, but the estate owners in Wheatley Hills and the local politicians representing them over the general public.
In December 1929, Moses, along with Clark, were present at the office of Alfred Smith at the Empire State Building in Manahattan in which an agreement was formed to solve the property questions for the residents of Wheatley Hills. Smith, August Heckscher and Henry Winthrop acted as counselors in settling the dispute. The settlement that was determined is the Northern State Parkway alignment would be moved south to quiet the residents of Wheatley Hills. The LISPC would give $175,000 to acquisition, along with $25,000 from Heckscher and $700,000 from Nassau County. The original parkway would have a minimum width of , but the deal widened that to . It was also announced that Governor Roosevelt had approved the change and that the rest of the alignment through Long Island would remain the same as the original 1925 proposal. This agreement ended the four-year fight with the residents of Wheatley Hills, West Hills and Old Westbury that had objected to the original alignment.
While the compromise was a success for the residents of Wheatley Hills, according to Robert Caro in "The Power Broker", the $175,000 was a smokescreen for the fact that the land purchasing would cost $2.25 million (1929 USD) and rather than the locals, the taxpayers would be stuck with the majority (over 90%) of the bill from the acquisition. The $175,000 also was claimed by Moses to have been spending for the entire cost of the detour, rather than the land acquisition. Caro goes on to explain that the accommodations made for the citizens of Wheatley Hills denied Long Islanders some of the parks on the North Shore that had been proposed by Moses, pardoning Caumsett State Park. Caro also explained that along with the $10,000 bribe that Moses had accepted, the illegal purchases of the Taylor Estate would turn him into a beating stick for the politicians of New York to get him to stop fighting.
Funding and construction.
First segment.
In March 1931, over a year removed from the Wheatley Hills debacle, Moses announced the beginning of construction of the Northern State Parkway in Nassau County. The groundbreaking ceremony for the first section of the Northern State was held on March 9, with Moses at the controls of a steam shovel on the estate owned by Nicholas Brady in North Hills. Construction a small segment from the New York City line, where it would eventually meet the Grand Central Parkway, and east to Searington Road and Mineola Boulevard. Five bridges would be constructed in the original contract: Willis Avenue in Mineola, Searington Road in North Hills, Shelter Rock Road and the Long Island Motor Parkway in Lakeville, and Middle Neck Road in Lake Success. The first project would cost about $350,000 (1931 USD). 
On June 6, New York City voted to approve the beginning of construction of the Grand Central Parkway, which would connect from the Interborough Parkway to the Northern State at Lake Success. Construction of the project would begin in 1932 with paving and landscaping. Governor Roosevelt announced on July 22 that he would come to the site where the Northern State and the Grand Central would eventually meet and lay a new cornerstone to mark the spot on July 26. The governor, who was touring throughout Nassau and Suffolk County, called the project a significant upgrade to provide the city with proper traffic outlets. Roosevelt laid mortar on the previously placed cornerstone, while Robert Moses announced that state aid would be requested. The day prior, the contract for grading of the new parkway from the city line to Lakeville Road along with construction of the Long Island Motor Parkway and Lakeville Road bridges was awarded. As Moses had warned, the LISPC requested over $5.5 million in funds for the projects to be completed in 1932. All the land for it had been accepted to the commission, and a majority of the money went to paying for the Northern State Parkway.
In January 1932, the budget submitted by Roosevelt would start moving money towards fast tracking construction of parkways on Long Island, as the Westchester parkway system was in full force. $1.08 million was appropriated for the Northern State Parkway construction along with $92,000 for landscaping work out of the $9.5 million requested for Long Island in total. However, in February, the state legislature cut down the amount of money on the budget that Roosevelt had submitted. Instead of the $1.08 million, which was cut from the budget, $200,000 was instead given to the Grand Central Parkway. Roosevelt slammed the decision by the Republican leaders in the Legislature as a "cleverly disguised salary reduction program." The cuts also included $15,000,000 for parkways and highways, which would break an agreement in 1929 that would go to the construction of facilities for motorists. In response, Moses and the LISPC went and applied for federal grants on July 18 to pay for the Northern State, along with other projects slashed in the budget. $1 million was requested to pave both the Grand Central and Northern State. 
Two weeks after Moses requested the money, it was approved by the Federal government to get $1.5 million (1932 USD) to pave the Grand Central and Northern State, the latter of which had been constructed from the Queens line to Willis Avenue. It was also stated that Moses hoped the construction projects would be finished by January 1, 1933, rather than the 1932 completion date for the Northern State originally proposed.
On July 8, 1933, the state of New York announced that the Grand Central Parkway from Queens Boulevard in Kew Gardens to the city line and the Northern State Parkway up to Willis Avenue in Mineola would be opened to traffic on July 15. The new parkways, both wide, would have twenty access points along the alignment with a system of frontage roads to benefit access. The LISPC stated that the new roadway would be able to handle three and half times the amount of traffic that local roads could handle and would find it much easier to get to the North Shore. The new governor of New York, Herbert Lehman would open the new project and it cost the LISPC $6 million, including $3 million on land acquisition for the Grand Central.
Governor Lehman opened the alignments at the entrance to the Grand Central Parkway in Kew Gardens. When completed with the speech, Lehman removed the flagpole that had blocked entrance to the roadway in front of 2,000 people, including 500 guests from the LISPC. Flags were raised and the Star-Spangled Banner was played by a band. Lehman noted that this is the end of isolation for Long Island, but concerned if the city could afford maintenance as control of the Grand Central would be turned over from the LISPC to the city. The governor and state officials moved out to Mineola after the ceremony, where Lehman headed off for Albany, the rest went for a dinner. However, the first segment of the Northern State was opened, nine years after first proposed.
Extension to Wantagh State Parkway.
Promptly after completion of the Northern State from the Grand Central Parkway to Willis Avenue in Mineola, Moses announced to the media in October 1933 that contracts for an extension. This new extension would bring the Northern State from Willis Avenue out to the Jericho Turnpike (NY 25) east of downtown Old Westbury. The new alignment was constructed rapidly, with the project being finished in August 1934. The new extension of the parkway cost $748,000 (1934 USD) and expected to relieve congestion along the Jericho Turnpike. Brand new interchanges were built at Roslyn Road in Albertson, I.U. Willets Road and Guinea Woods/Glen Cove Road in Carle Place and Old Westbury, while new stone faced bridges were constructed over the Oyster Bay Long Island Railroad station, Roslyn Road, Albertson Station Road, Hillside Avenue Extension and the Jericho Turnpike. The new alignment, like the original piece, was also wide with its right-of-way, and built with four lanes of concrete.
The ceremony to open the new extension would be held on August 29, 1934, with a ceremony led by Moses, who would cut a ribbon crossed at the Roslyn Road interchange. Moses would speak, along with J. Russell Sprague, the Nassau County supervisor and Arthur Brandt, the State Highway Commissioner and preceded by a meeting of the State Council of Parks at the Queens line. The ceremony would be held at 2:30 pm with less of a fanfare than the previous opening of the first segment. 500 people were present at the ceremony, including representatives from the State Council of Parks, the LISPC, along with Nassau County and New York City officials. Brandt's wife held the scissors that cut the ribbon blocking entrance to the new roadway. The announcement was mentioned that the right-of-way for an extension out to Commack. After the ceremony, officials went to dinner and then inspected work on the Meadowbrook Causeway, which was in construction at the time.
In August 1936, Moses and the LISPC announced the extension of the Northern State Parkway, along with a new north–south parkway to connect the two west–east parkways on Long Island. Moses stated, with money being requested that would cost $2 million (1936 USD) that Moses would request next year. In January 1937, the money was requested by the LISPC at the Nassau County Board of Supervisors. The county would supervise the acquisition of land for the new roadways, but the state of New York would handle paying for construction and maintenance of the new road. The new pieces of road, unlike the rest of the Northern State, would be wide, rather than the on the previous portions. It was expected in request that contracts for the new road could be announced in April. 
In February 1937, the LISPC announced the design of the extension of the Northern State Parkway along with an extension of the Wantagh State Parkway. This new set of roadway, designated the "Northern–Wantagh State Parkway Extension", would extend the Wantagh from the Southern State to the Northern State and the Northern State to the interchange with the Wantagh in Wheatley Hills. The plans for the new road would be opened by 1939 so drivers would have easier access to Jones Beach State Park from the 1939 World's Fair at Flushing, Queens. The new roadways would have eighteen stone faced bridges combined between sections, with construction beginning in 1937. The new project would start being landscaped and paved by 1938. On April 7, the LISPC announced that bids on the new extensions would open on April 20 for the new project with the expectation that all at-grade structures would be completed by the end of the year.
On November 20, 1938, the LISPC announced at their headquarters in Babylon that the extension of the Northern State would open to traffic a month later. Although originally at the cost of $2 million in 1936–7, by the time the road would be completed, the cost would come at $4.4 million (1938 USD). However, the new roadway was three months ahead of its slated 1939 completion date. The new roadway would be opened on December 17, with attendance by Governor Lehman, Sprague, Brandt and Moses. It was also announced that the differences in the Northern State alignment also included use of asphalt over concrete and had a median. The new parkway extension would connect Carle Place, Old Westbury, Westbury, Hicksville, Farmingdale, and Hempstead to the city via the parkway system. Six new interchanges were also constructed, including more of the Glen Cove Road interchange.
The ceremony was held on December 17, with attendance of Moses and company, along with Alfred Smith. 300 cars were lined up on the asphalt, which was designed to make night driving much easier over the concrete. Smith cut the ribbon on the new extension in Westbury, about east of Glen Cove Road. A tour of the new parkway extensions was held, but not over the entire thing. The group went from Westbury along the new alignment of the Northern State, and south on the Wantagh to the Southern State. New lights were installed on the median of the parkways to help with lighting of the parkway. Before a luncheon for the officials, over 600 people were presented the new parkways. The new parkway opened to traffic, connecting drivers to various places along Long Island and New York City.
Extensions to the Sagtikos State Parkway.
With the Northern State Parkway now constructed up to Union Avenue in Westbury, the plans of the LISPC shifted towards extending the highway into Suffolk County. In late July 1940, the State Council of Parks approved $30 million out of $60 million for grade crossing eliminations, which included getting the Northern State from Union Avenue to the "Huntington–Amityville Highway" (current-day NY 110). However, by January 1941, the money had not yet been approved by the Legislature, which caused controversy over whether the money should be allotted. In late 1940, an amendment to the New York State Constitution had been passed so that the money could be shifted for use in parkway construction. Party lines had not formed yet in terms of opposing it, although Moses was appealing to the Republicans in the Legislature to get the money passed, which included $5.5 million to the Northern State extension.
In April 1941, Governor Lehman passed the bill that would transfer the $30 million from the unspent grade crossing funds to the construction of parkways through Long Island and Westchester. The money was set aside for construction of the Northern State extension, which was advertised to benefit traffic on the North Hempstead Turnpike (NY 25A) and the Jericho Turnpike, as well as bring several central Long Island municipalities into the parkway system. The new, extension would end at NY 110, less than a mile from the birthplace of poet Walt Whitman. 
While funds were ready for the new extension in 1941, construction of the new extension did not begin until after World War II, with extra money coming to the project in 1946 courtesy of the Post-War Reconstruction Fund. $22,067,590 (1946 USD) was approved for use by the LISPC, with over $19 million going to state parkway construction on the island. Some of the money was sent to construct the Captree State Parkway, while $4.175 million was sent to construct the extension of the Northern State Parkway out to NY 110 along with extra money for some dividers on the parkway. By the time money was announced, construction had begun on the Northern State. By April 1946, it was announced that another extension from NY 110 to Deer Park Avenue (CR 35) had been approved, bumping the total project up to $6.225 million.
In November 1947, the New York State Department of Public Works announced that bids were closed on paving the section of the Northern State from Union Avenue to Plainview Road. The MacAsphalt Company won the job, posting a low bid of $1,066,954 (1947 USD). By that point, thirteen bridges on the new Northern State alignment had been approaching completion and grading had finished. In December 1948, construction was announced on the piece of the Northern State between Plainview Road and Deer Park Avenue, with a proposed extension through Commack to the Sagtikos State Parkway and a spur road to Sunken Meadow State Park. The new contract was announced at a total of $1,372,538 (1948 USD) with a slated completion date of December 31, 1949.
In April 1949, it was announced that the first piece of the Northern State Parkway extension would open to commuter traffic on April 11, 1949. The section started in 1947, extending the road from Union Avenue to Plainview Road in the Woodbury area. However, unlike the previous extensions, this one would not have a public ceremony. Moses, however, mentioned in a public statement that the entire alignment would be open in the spring of 1950. The next piece would open without fanfare on December 19, 1949, with the new extension from Plainview Road to NY 110 at the cost of $3 million (1949 USD). At that point, Moses announced the next piece of the parkway would open within 90 days of the current segment. On May 22, 1950, the section between NY 110 and Deer Park Avenue opened to traffic, longer than the 90-day promise by Moses. Moses called this segment of parkway "a far cry" from the original piece of parkway on Long Island, the Southern State's first section, which opened on November 6, 1927. It was also announced that contracts would begin soon on the parkway between Deer Park Avenue and the Sagtikos State Parkway.
On March 28, 1950, the state of New York made appropriations to begin construction on the Sagtikos State Parkway, which would mark the eastern end of the Northern State Parkway in Commack, with the spur to Sunken Meadow State Park. At the same time, money was funded to upgrade the curbing in the median for both the Northern State and Southern State at the cost of $1.75 million (1950 USD). On October 4, 1950, the state awarded a contract to Hendrickson Brothers, Inc of Valley Stream to construct the Northern State extension from Deer Park Avenue to the point east of Commack Road that would mark the Sagtikos junction at the cost $1,343,707. Bids on the Sagtikos State Parkway paving were held on June 6, 1951, with the Hudson Contracting Corporation in Kew Gardens bidding $1,407,037 (1951 USD). The new parkway landscaping contract for both parkways was bid on July 12, 1951, along with paving the newly constructed section of the Northern State.
On September 29, 1952, the extension of the Northern State Parkway from Deer Park to Commack was completed and opened alongside the new Sagtikos State Parkway. Like recent extensions from Westbury, there was no ceremony or fanfare held for the opening of the new roads.
Changes during the 1950s and 1960s.
Reconstruction began in 1950 on improving the right-of-way for the Northern State Parkway. These upgrades included a new divider in the center median of the roadway, which was installed in 1951, along with improvement of service roads in the area. By 1953, the LISPC started updating the road by widening it so the two lanes in each direction could go to wide for cars. The LISPC also started overlaying the original concrete surface constructed with asphalt. New shoulders would be created for disabled vehicles, which would reduce accidents. The Northern State by that point had nearly 60,000 cars using it on average daily basis and nearly 3,500 per hour at its peak. Finally, the route would also be 100% re-landscaped with new trees.
Although proposed in 1939 during opening of the Bethpage State Parkway, construction began in December 1953 on an extension of the Meadowbrook State Parkway north from the Southern State Parkway to the Northern State Parkway. This new parkway would become a traffic reliever for north–south roads through Nassau County, including a new interchange in Old Westbury that would mark the northern terminus of the Meadowbrook. The $10 million (1956 USD) project was completed in 1956, with the parkway being opened to traffic on October 13, 1956, with a ceremony attended by the new governor, Averell Harriman, along with Moses and Edward Larkin, the supervisor for the town of Hempstead. All three spoke on behalf of their entities, and after, traveled the new alignment north to the Northern State and back south. The group then went to Roosevelt Field and was praised by William Zeckendorf in honor of completion of the extension.
Construction had already begun in the early 1950s on the Sunken Meadow State Parkway, another spur of the Northern State Parkway to Sunken Meadow State Park. Originally, this was one of the last three pieces of the Long Island parkway system originally proposed, with the Captree and the Heckscher State Parkways being constructed or proposed at the same time. On November 28, 1954, the first section of the new parkway was opened to traffic, opening the part from the Northern and Sagtikos State Parkways to NY 25. Construction also had begun on the extension to the park. On April 1, 1957, the new extension opened to traffic, pardoning the landscaping on the alignment north of NY 25. The $11 million (1957 USD) project was opened formally by Governor Harriman on June 21, 1957, after landscaping had been finished.
On April 11, 1962, the New York State Department of Public Works announced $410,679,000 (1962 USD) in money, a record at the time, to help fund projects throughout New York State, with $83.646 million going to the projects in Westchester, Nassau and Suffolk counties. Among the money is a project to create a spur to extend the Northern State Parkway from its terminus at the Sagtikos and Sunken Meadow State parkways to Veterans Highway (CR 76; future-NY 454). In January 1965, Assemblyman Perry Duryea announced that new governor of New York Nelson Rockefeller set aside money in his state budget to fund LISPC programs. One of the projects included was the $12 million (1965 USD) extension. Also announced was a project was $7 million to widen the original piece of the Northern State, constructed in 1933 from the city line to Westbury, a long section.
On June 9, 1965, the brand new extension of the Northern State would be opened to traffic, moving the eastern terminus to just north of the then-new Suffolk County headquarters and police headquarters. The project cost $4 million and removed the automatic turns to the Sunken Meadow and Sagtikos. Also the LISPC announced the widening at the western end would start later in the year. On November 28, 1965, the LISPC announced widening of the congested sections of both the Grand Central and Northern State between the I-295 (the Clearview Expressway) and Old Westbury. While federal funding helped paid the Grand Central portion of the $20 million project, the $11.5 million for the Northern State came out of the New York State budget. The project would not cost any homes to be taken down, but would cost a lot of trees to be taken down along the roadway. The project would also reconstruct the interchange of the Clearview, Grand Central and Hillside Avenue for a future extension of the Clearview to the Nassau Expressway. Robert Moses announced that the project would begin in Spring 1966.
Construction of the widening however, did not being until 1967, with a cost that had ballooned to $16.7 million (1969 USD), expanding the new parkway from four lanes to six to Glen Cove Road. The LISPC also announced on January 2, 1969 that the project would be completed during the middle of 1969.
Aborted extensions and interchanges.
Spur to Caumsett State Park.
On May 20, 1961, the LISPC announced a new parkway would be constructed from the Northern State Parkway to Caumsett State Park on the North Shore of Long Island. This new parkway would be an extension of an extended Bethpage State Parkway, which would be brought from a traffic circle in Plainview to the Northern State, replacing a local two-lane road which connected drivers to the park. In 1965, the LISPC announced that the new roadway would be a four-lane access road (two lanes in each direction) that would be scenic and "well-landscaped". The parkway would also cross through Cold Spring Harbor and directly through the southern end of the village of Lloyd Harbor, at the cost of taking multiple homes in the area and a Standard Oil Company tank farm.
In order to construct the new extension to the Caumsett, the Bethpage State Parkway would need to be extended from its terminus in Plainview northward. The first new exit, would become a new interchange with the Seaford–Oyster Bay Expressway, eliminating the traffic circle; a diamond interchange with Plainview Avenue and Bethpage State Park; a cloverleaf interchange with Old Country Road; a partial cloverleaf interchange with the Long Island Expressway (NY 495) along with a cloverleaf interchange with the Northern State Parkway. North of the Northern State, access points would be created at the junction with Jericho Turnpike (NY 25), and at the junction of NY 25A and NY 108 in Cold Spring Harbor. North of the NY 25A/NY 108 junction, the parkway would extend into Caumsett State Park and end at a traffic circle.
The extension of the Bethpage was never constructed, however, the proposal for an extension of the Bethpage to the Northern State Parkway was revived in 1990. The Long Island Regional Planning Board proposed in February 1990 that the Bethpage be extended along with two other highways on Long Island, the Wantagh and the Seaford–Oyster Bay Expressway. The Bethpage would be extended northward to construct the connection to the Long Island Expressway and the Northern State Parkway, which would serve as a direct link between northeastern Nassau County and northwestern Suffolk County. The interchange with the Wantagh State Parkway would also be changed as the Board recommended that the parkway be extended northward to the Long Island Expressway from the Northern State, which serves as the northern end of the roadway. These projects were among the 30 new ideas proposed to expand Nassau County road capacity over the next 20 years, with $640 million (1990 USD).
Eastern extension proposals.
With the eastern terminus of the Northern State currently at NY 347 and NY 454, proposals had existed in 1963 to extend the highway to the Wyandanch Preserve. This new extension would extend the Northern State eastward through Smithtown to reach Caleb Smith State Park and interchange with NY 25 near CR 108 (Old Willets Path). A new interchange would be constructed with the Veterans Memorial Highway, soon reaching NY 111 in Village of the Branch. The extension would turn southward near the NY 111 interchange, which would be located near Mount Pleasant Road. The new interchange would cross NY 347 (Neconset–Port Jefferson Highway) again.
The new extension would continue south, crossing over the CR 67 (the Long Island Motor Parkway) and entering a second interchange with the Long Island Expressway again in the vicinity of exit 57 and exit 58. The roadway would continue south, crossing NY 454 for the second time, passing a new entrance to Connetquot State Park further south. The road would continue south, reaching a new interchange with the Heckscher State Parkway, which would be located east of exit 43A.
The Regional Plan Association and Suffolk County truncated these plans in the middle of the 1960s. This new proposal would eliminate the southern turn to the Heckscher, and instead, the county proposed that a new interchange would be constructed with NY 25 in the Village of the Branch, east of NY 111. However, the Regional Plan Association proposed that instead of NY 25, the new parkway would go further, terminating at the junction of NY 25 and NY 112 in Coram. However, during the 1970s, the New York State Department of Transportation did a study for the extension, but this was deemed unfeasible due to expansion of development in Suffolk County and the raised cost of acquiring land for rights-of-way.
Exit 31A reconstruction concerns.
The interchange constructed between the Meadowbrook and Northern state parkways in 1956 was undergoing a new $61 million (1989 USD) reconstruction project in the late 1980s. Although it was previously redesigned in 1968, it was still the site of about 180 accidents per year—over six times the statewide average for accident frequency. The junction was to be rebuilt with three lanes in each direction for the Northern State in the middle of exit 31A, a direct ramp between the westbound Northern State Parkway and the southbound Meadowbrook, connections from Glen Cove Road to both parkways, and the relocation of exit and entrance ramps within the interchange. Construction began in May 1988, and the project was expected to be completed on October 31, 1991. It was proceeding on schedule until the village of Westbury filed a suit against NYSDOT in February 1989. The lawsuit claimed that NYSDOT did not follow proper environmental guidelines while designing the project because their environmental impact report failed to consider the impacts of a nearby future widening project on the Northern State Parkway. This widening project, considered a second phase of the interchange reconstruction, had no intended date of construction.
The Appellate Division of the New York State Supreme Court ruled that NYSDOT had to provide a new environmental report by May 12, 1989 or face having the reconstruction shut down. The order by the court reversed a decision by the New York State Supreme Court that determined that a revised report was unnecessary. Residents of Westbury claimed that the project would bring noise concerns to the village, along with a spillover of diverted traffic to local roads. Concerns were also stated by then-mayor Ernest Strada about Westbury's water supply and potential impacts from the project. NYSDOT claimed that no disruption would be caused by the project, but Strada insisted there were still concerns. Strada also stated that the village had no interest in shutting down the project; rather, they wanted to ensure that their community would be protected from any disruptions caused by the reconstruction. On April 24, NYSDOT announced they had appealed the stoppage of work on the interchange, which had been suspended pending a ruling by the Court of Appeals, the highest court in the state.
On December 19, 1989, the Court of Appeals announced their decision on the case of "Village of Westbury v. Department of Transportation of the State of New York, et al.", ruling in favor of Westbury. In its decision, the court stated NYSDOT should have issued a joint report for the interchange and widening projects because both projects improved the flow of traffic on the Northern State Parkway and thus were related. The ruling made by the previous court was affirmed, and NYSDOT was advised to consider the environmental impacts of projects on other nearby projects in the future. While the village of Westbury was praising Ernest Strada for taking on the state, residents of the village of Carle Place felt they were being taken hostage by his actions and that the stoppage of work was hurting their community more than Westbury. Editorials in "Newsday" also called the mayor "parochial and overzealous".
While Carle Place was complaining about the inability to access their section of town, a January 1990 article in "The New York Times" mentioned that the Court's decision put Westbury alone against the state, then-Governor Mario Cuomo and regional planners, who were worried about the safety of the roughly 140,000 drivers who used the interchange daily. Local business leaders claimed that Westbury was being selfish in opposing inconvenient construction. Even after the ruling, Strada continued to claim that they wanted to be informed on the impacts of a nearby widening project on the Northern State. NYSDOT officials worried that this would add more bureaucratic levels to getting approval for local road projects and that it could set the project back three years. Officials also went out of their way to call this a simple "not in my backyard" case. NYSDOT continued to claim that the projects were separate, and filed three years apart, despite the court's ruling that they were similar projects. Cuomo, worried about the safety of drivers, invited Strada to come to Albany to meet with NYSDOT Commissioner Franklin White and State Senator Norman J. Levy to make an agreement. Strada, however, felt that in order to compromise, they would have to continue the original "violation" of not giving a report.
Westbury and NYSDOT came to a deal allowing construction to resume in February 1990, with lane changes and other modifications being made by the end of the month. This truce, made by Governor Cuomo, allowed work to resume at a normal pace, with nearly 200 workers doing daily work on the project by April 1990. The speed of progress on the reconstruction put the project back on track to meet the original October 1991 deadline. Mayor Strada, however, stated that he thought NYSDOT would not advance any work that would "need to be ripped up". The interchange reconstruction project was ultimately completed in 1991 as expected.
Recent changes.
While long after designing the Long Island parkway system, Robert Moses constructed three stations along the Northern State Parkway. One was located east of the Meadowbrook State Parkway interchange (exit 31A) in Carle Place, which was closed in 1986. The second was located in Commack, located west of CR 4, opened in the early 1950s and abandoned in 1985. The Commack station, which still stands, was proposed in 1989 by the Huntington town historian Rufus Langhans the save the station, which was in danger of being demolished, suggesting the station be declared a town landmark and possibly be a welcome center for the Northern State. However, at the time, the New York State Department of Transportation, was looking at all angles to what to do with the former gas stations.
Future.
The interchange with NY 110 was originally a split exit, signed as exit 40S for southbound NY 110 and exit 40N for the northbound direction. In 2011, reconstruction of the interchange began. The two split exits have been combined into a single exit 40, and the original overpass carrying the parkway over NY 110 is being replaced. The project is nearing completion as of January 2014.
Exit list.
Exit numbers sequentially follow those of the Grand Central Parkway.

</doc>
<doc id="2916888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916888" title="USS Rich (DE-695)">
USS Rich (DE-695)

USS "Rich" (DE-695) was a , the first United States Navy ship named in honor of Lieutenant (j.g.) Ralph M. Rich (1916–1942) who was awarded the Navy Cross for his leadership as a fighter pilot off during the Battle of Midway.
Building and commissioning.
"Rich" was laid down on 27 March 1943 at the Defoe Shipbuilding Company, Bay City, Michigan, the third destroyer escort to be built at that yard. She was launched on 22 June 1943, sponsored by Mrs. Ralph McMaster Rich, widow of Lt. Rich. Builder's trials before her pre-commissioning cruise were done in Lake Huron.
After completion, "Rich" sailed from the builder's yard at Bay City to Chicago, Illinois, where they arrived on 24 September. From there, they went through the Chicago Sanitary and Ship Canal and down the Chicago River to Joliet, Illinois, where pontoons were attached to the ship so it could be pushed down the Des Plaines River, Illinois River, and Mississippi River as part of a barge train. After arriving at the Todd Johnson Shipyard in Algiers, Louisiana, on the west bank of the Mississippi at New Orleans, the rest of the crew reported aboard, and "Rich" was commissioned on 1 October 1943, Lieutenant Commander E. A. Michel, Jr., USNR, in command.
World War II.
Following shakedown off Bermuda, "Rich" was primarily engaged in coastal escort and patrol duty with Escort Division 19 (CortDiv 19) until the end of February 1944. At this time, CortDiv 19 consisted of the destroyer escorts "Rich", , , , , and . Then assigned to trans-Atlantic escort work, she completed three round-trip crossings by May. On 10 May 1944, "Rich" departed New York City in escort of a convoy to Britain in what would be her last transit of the North Atlantic.
On 23 May, she arrived at Derry, Northern Ireland, and awaited a convoy to escort back to the United States. Instead, "Rich" was assigned to the Normandy Invasion force, and commenced preparations for "Operation Neptune", the naval phase of the invasion of Normandy. She arrived at Plymouth, England on 4 June, and was assigned as an escort to the battleship .
Delayed by weather for 24 hours, the "U" force sailed for France on 5 June, with "Rich" and her sister ship "Bates" in the screen of the bombardment group of Task Force 125 (TF 125), which consisted of the battleship "Nevada" and the heavy cruisers , , and . From 6–8 June, she screened the heavier units as they supplied gunfire support for the troops landed on Utah Beach to the northwest of the Carentan Estuary. On 6 June, "Rich" laid down a smoke screen which foiled an attack by German E-Boat.
Soon after 08:45 on 8 June, she was ordered by the Commander of Task Group 125.8 (TG 125.8) aboard "Tuscaloosa" to Fire Support Area 3 to assist the destroyer which had struck a mine northwest of the Saint-Marcouf Islands. "Rich" proceeded at full speed to the area, and then followed in the wake of two minesweepers to the immediate area of the "Glennon". Closing "Glennon", "Rich" dispatched a whaleboat, only to learn that her assistance was not needed at that point. "Rich" then started to round the disabled ship and take up station ahead of the minesweeper which had taken "Glennon" in tow. She moved at slow speed, with extra hands on the lookout for enemy planes and mines.
Sinking.
At approximately 09:20, when "Rich" was about from the minesweeper 
, which was in the process of taking "Glennon" in tow, a mine exploded off "Rich"s starboard beam. This tripped circuit breakers, knocked out the ship's lighting, shook up the ship hard, and knocked sailors off their feet, but caused no structural damage. Within a minute, the engine room reported that they were "ready to answer all bells". Three minutes later, a second mine went off directly under the ship. Approximately of her stern was blown off, from frame 130 aft, just aft of the mount in 'X' position. Even though the blown-off stern section caught fire, survivors clung to her wreckage, and it sank shortly afterward. There was a sag in the main deck, and two torpedoes ran hot in their tubes. A third mine — another influence mine — exploded below the ice machine room forward, delivering the final blow two minutes later. The forward section was totally wrecked, the flying bridge demolished, and forward fire room severely damaged, and the mast came crashing down. Life rafts were ordered cut loose, and "Rich" was ordered abandoned. Several PT boats in a squadron commanded by Lt. Cdr. John D. Bulkeley came alongside "Rich" to take off personnel. All this time, they were being shelled by German shore batteries. A few minutes later, she sank in about of water at . Of her crew, 27 were killed, 73 were wounded, and 64 were missing; in all, 91 were killed outright or died of wounds following their rescue. "Rich" was the only American destroyer escort lost in the invasion force. Lt. Cdr. Michel — who suffered a broken leg — was awarded the Navy Cross for extraordinary heroism in the incident.
After the Normandy beachhead was no longer being actively used, machinery, guns, ammunition, and other equipment was salvaged from the wreck. After the war, the wreck was thoroughly stripped by scavengers. A few of her artifacts are on display at the Normandy D-Day Museum. One of her propellers is also on display in front of the museum.
Awards.
"Rich" earned one battle star for service during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="2916912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916912" title="60 Cancri">
60 Cancri

60 Cancri is a star in the constellation Cancer.
60 Cancri is an orange K-type giant with an apparent magnitude of +5.44. It is approximately 582 light years from Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="2916917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916917" title="61 Cancri">
61 Cancri

61 Cancri (61 Cnc) is a star in the constellation Cancer. Its apparent magnitude is 6.25. It is approximately 165.3 light years away from Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="2916918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916918" title="Puerto de Mogán">
Puerto de Mogán

Puerto de Mogán is a picturesque resort and fishing village in the municipality of Mogán, set at the mouth of a steep-sided valley on the southwest coast of the island of Gran Canaria. It attracts many tourists either to stay or on day-visits. Canals linking the marina to the fishing harbour have led to it being nicknamed "Little Venice" or the "Venice of the Canaries". Restaurants and bars fringe the marina and the beach front. On Fridays there is a very popular market which brings in tourists from all over the island.
Puerto de Mogán has very few buildings over two storeys high, and the government of Gran Canaria restricts new buildings taller than this.
Puerto de Mogán can be reached via a new extension of the motorway GC11 (opened in March 2013) which terminates just to the north, and is also on several bus routes. 

</doc>
<doc id="2916920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916920" title="66 Cancri">
66 Cancri

66 Cancri (66 Cnc) is a star in the constellation Cancer. Its apparent magnitude is 5.89.

</doc>
<doc id="2916927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916927" title="Sarah Reinertsen">
Sarah Reinertsen

Sarah Reinertsen (born 22 May 1975) is an American triathlete and former Paralympic track athlete. She was born with proximal femoral focal deficiency, a bone-growth disorder; her affected leg was amputated above the knee at age seven.
Early athletics career.
Inspired by amputee marathon runner Paddy Rossbach, Reinertsen began to run at age 11. At her first international track meet, when she was 13, she broke the 100 m world record for female above-knee amputees. Her T42 400 m world record time, set in 1999, still stands today.
Reinertsen was a member of the US Disabled Track Team for 7 years. She represented the USA at the 1992 Summer Paralympics but found herself racing arm amputees due to low numbers of female competitors. Although she was then world record holder in her own classification, she came last in her heat.
Ironman Triathlon and other endurance events.
Reinertsen was the first female leg amputee to complete the Ironman World Championship in Kona, Hawaii. She first attempted the race in 2004, but was disqualified when she reached the end of the bike course 15 minutes after cut-off time. She returned to Kona in 2005, with a motto of 'Unfinished Business', and crossed the finish line in just over 15 hours. 
Reinertsen has run marathons around the world, including NYC, LA, Millennium New Zealand, London and Boston. In 2011, she was the first female leg amputee to run in The Great Wall Marathon in China, completing the 10k event in 1:49.
Reinertsen has broken the women's above-knee amputee marathon record several times but does not currently hold it.
ITU Paratriathlon.
In 2003, 2007 and 2009, Reinertsen was ITU Paratriathlon World Champion in her classification. She placed second (behind Melissa Stockwell) in 2011.
Reinertsen was a member of the USA Triathlon Paratriathlon National Team in 2008, 2009,
2010 and 2011.
While better-known for her success in Ironman Triathlon, Reinhertsen states that her "focus for 2013 and beyond is to train to qualify for the (newly introduced, sprint distance) triathlon event at the Paralympics in 2016".
The Amazing Race.
In 2006, Reinertsen competed with her then-boyfriend, Ironman and prosthetist Peter Harsch, on The Amazing Race 10. They finished the race in 7th place.
Miscellaneous.
Reinertsen is a spokesperson for Ossur and the Challenged Athletes Foundation.
In 2004, she was featured on the cover of "Runner's World" and named one of the first eight "Heroes of Running" in the magazine. She has also appeared on the cover of "Triathlete" magazine, "Max Sports & Fitness" and "Competitor", and was controversially photographed naked for The Body Issue of "ESPN". Reinertsen was featured in the 2008 Lincoln MKZ 'Reach Higher' campaign and the 2011 'Nike Throwdown' TV commercial. Alongside elite athletes including Mirinda Carfrae, Chris Lieto, Nathan Adrian and Dara Torres, she is one of the faces of the 2012 Team Refuel/Got Chocolate Milk? campaign.
In 2009, Reinertsen released a memoir, "In a Single Bound: Losing My Leg, Finding Myself and Training for Life".
She graduated from The George Washington University with a BA in Communication and International Affairs, and received her MA in Broadcast Journalism from the University of Southern California. Formerly a sports journalist, once working for NBC, she is now a motivational speaker.
A native of New York, Reinertsen now lives and trains in California.

</doc>
<doc id="2916934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916934" title="Fairfax, West Virginia">
Fairfax, West Virginia

Fairfax is an unincorporated community in Grant County, West Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="2916935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916935" title="Security interest">
Security interest

A security interest is a property interest created by agreement or by operation of law over assets to secure the performance of an obligation, usually the payment of a debt. It gives the beneficiary of the security interest certain preferential rights in the disposition of secured assets. Such rights vary according to the type of security interest, but in most cases, a holder of the security interest is entitled to seize, and usually sell, the property to discharge the debt that the security interest secures.
Rationale.
A secured creditor takes a security interest to enforce its rights against collateral in case the debtor defaults on the obligation. If the debtor goes bankrupt, a secured creditor takes precedence over unsecured creditors in the distribution.
There are other reasons that people sometimes take security over assets. In shareholders' agreements involving two parties (such as a joint venture), sometimes the shareholders will each charge their shares in favor of the other as security for the performance of their obligations under the agreement to prevent the other shareholder selling their shares to a third party. It is sometimes suggested that banks may take floating charges over companies by way of security - not so much for the security for payment of their own debts, but because this ensures that no other bank will, ordinarily, lend to the company; thereby almost granting a monopoly in favour of the bank holding the floating charge on lending to the company.
Some economists question the utility of security interests and secured lending generally. Proponents argue that secured interests lower the risk for the lender, and in turn allows the lender to charge lower interest, thereby lowering the cost of capital for the borrower. Compare, for example, interest rates for a mortgage loan and for a credit card debt.
Detractors argue that creditors with security interests can destroy companies that are in financial difficulty, but which might still recover and be profitable. The secured lenders might get nervous and enforce the security early, repossessing key assets and forcing the company into bankruptcy. Further, the general principle of most insolvency regimes is that creditors should be treated equally (or "pari passu"), and allowing secured creditors a preference to certain assets upsets the conceptual basis of an insolvency.
More sophisticated criticisms of security point out that although unsecured creditors will receive less on insolvency, they should be able to compensate by charging a higher interest rate. However, since many unsecured creditors are unable to adjust their "interest rates" upwards (tort claimants, employees), the company benefits from a cheaper rate of credit, to the detriment of these non-adjusting creditors. There is thus a transfer of value from these parties to secured borrowers.
Most insolvency law allows mutual debts to be set-off, allowing certain creditors (those who also owe money to the insolvent debtor) a pre-preferential position. In some countries, "involuntary" creditors (such as tort victims) also have preferential status, and in others environmental claims have special preferred rights for cleanup costs.
The most frequently used criticism of secured lending is that, if secured creditors are allowed to seize and sell key assets, a liquidator or bankruptcy trustee loses the ability to sell off the business as a going concern, and may be forced to sell the business on a break-up basis. This may mean realising a much smaller return for the unsecured creditors, and will invariably mean that all the employees will be made redundant.
For this reason, many jurisdictions restrict the ability of secured creditors to enforce their rights in a bankruptcy. In the U.S., the Chapter 11 creditor protection, which completely prevents enforcement of security interests, aims at keeping enterprises running at the expense of creditors' rights, and is often heavily criticised for that reason. In the United Kingdom, an administration order has a similar effect, but are less expansive in scope and restriction in terms of creditors rights. European systems are often touted as being pro-creditor, but many European jurisdictions also impose restrictions upon time limits that must be observed before secured creditors can enforce their rights. The most draconian jurisdictions in favour of creditor's rights tend to be in offshore financial centres, who hope that, by having a legal system heavily biased towards secured creditors, they will encourage banks to lend at cheaper rates to offshore structures, and thus in turn encourage business to use them to obtain cheaper funds.
Security.
Under English law and in most common law jurisdictions derived from English law (the United States is the exception as explained below), there are nine major types of proprietary security interests:
The United States also developed the conditional sale of personal property as another form of security interest, which is now obsolete.
Security interests at common law are either "possessory" or "nonpossessory", depending upon whether the secured party actually needs to take possession of the collateral). Alternatively, they arise "by agreement" between the parties (usually by executing a security agreement), or "by operation of law".
The evolution of the law of nonpossessory security interests in personal property has been particularly convoluted and messy. Under the rule of "Twyne's Case" (1601) transferring an interest in personal property without also immediately transferring possession was consistently regarded as a fraudulent conveyance. Over two hundred years would pass before such security interests were recognized as legitimate.
The following discussion of the types of security interest principally concerns English law. English law on security interests has been followed in most common law countries, and most common law countries have similar property statutes regulating the common law rules.
Types.
Security interests may be taken on any type of property. The law divides property into two classes: personal property and real property. Real property is the land, the buildings affixed to it and the rights that go with the land. Personal property is defined as any property other than real property.
"True" legal mortgage.
A legal mortgage arises when the assets are conveyed to the secured party as security for the obligations, but subject to a right to have the assets reconveyed when the obligations are performed. This right is referred to as the "equity of redemption". The law has historically taken a dim view of provisions which might impede this right to have the assets reconveyed (referred to as being a "clog" on the equity of redemption); although the position has become more relaxed in recent years in relation to sophisticated financial transactions.
References to "true" legal mortgages mean mortgages by the traditional common law method of transfer subject to a proviso in this manner, and references are usually made in contradistinction to either equitable mortgages or statutory mortgages. True legal mortgages are relatively rare in modern commerce, outside of occasionally with respect to shares in companies. In England, true legal mortgages of land have been abolished in favour of statutory mortgages.
To complete a legal mortgage it is normally necessary that title to the assets is conveyed into the name of the secured party such that the secured party (or its nominee) becomes the legal titleholder to the asset. If a legal mortgage is not completed in this manner it will normally take effect as an equitable mortgage. Because of the requirement to transfer title, it is not possible to take a legal mortgage over future property, or to take more than one legal mortgage over the same assets. However, mortgages (legal and equitable) are non-possessory security interests. Normally the party granting the mortgage (the "mortgagor") will remain in possession of the mortgaged asset.
The holder of a legal mortgage has three primary remedies in the event that there is a default on the secured obligations:
The holder of a mortgage can also usually sue upon the covenant to pay which appears in most mortgage instruments. There are a range of other remedies available to the holder of a mortgage, but they relate predominantly to land, and accordingly have been superseded by statute, and they are rarely exercised in practice in relation to other assets. The beneficiary of a mortgage (the "mortgagee") is entitled to pursue all of its remedies concurrently or consecutively.
Foreclosure is rarely exercised as a remedy. To execute foreclosure, the secured party needs to petition the court, and the order is made in two stages ("nisi" and "absolute"), making the process slow and cumbersome. Courts are historically reluctant to grant orders for foreclosure, and will often instead order a judicial sale. If the asset is worth more than the secured obligations, the secured party will normally have to account for the surplus. Even if a court makes a decree "absolute" and orders foreclosure, the court retains an absolute discretion to reopen the foreclosure after the making of the order, although this would not affect the title of any third party purchaser.
The holder of a legal mortgage also has a power of sale over the assets. Every mortgage contains an implied power of sale. This implied power exists even if the mortgage is not under seal. All mortgages which are made by way of deed also ordinarily contain a power of sale implied by statute, but the exercise of the statutory power is limited by the terms of the statute. Neither implied power of sale requires a court order, although the court can usually also order a judicial sale. The secured party has a duty to get the best price reasonably obtainable, however, this does not require the sale to be conducted in any particular fashion (i.e. by auction or sealed bids). What the best price reasonably obtainable will be will depend upon the market available for the assets and related considerations. The sale must be a true sale - a mortgagee cannot sell to himself, either alone or with others, even for fair value; such a sale may be restrained or set aside or ignored. However, if the court orders a sale pursuant to statute, the mortgagee may be expressly permitted to buy.
The third remedy is to appoint a receiver. Technically the right to appoint a receiver can arise two different ways - under the terms of the mortgage instrument, and (where the mortgage instrument is executed as a deed) by statute.
If the mortgagee takes possession then under the common law they owe strict duties to the mortgagor to safeguard the value of the property (although the terms of the mortgage instrument will usually limit this obligation). However, the common law rules relate principally to physical property, and there is a shortage of authority as to how they might apply to taking "possession" of rights, such as shares. Nonetheless, a mortgagee is well advised to remain respectful of their duty to preserve the value of the mortgaged property both for their own interests and under their potential liability to the mortgagor.
Equitable mortgage.
An equitable mortgage can arise in two different ways – either as a legal mortgage which was never perfected by conveying the underlying assets, or by specifically creating a mortgage as an equitable mortgage. A mortgage over equitable rights (such as a beneficiary's interests under a trust) will necessarily exist in equity only in any event.
Under the laws of some jurisdictions, a mere deposit of title documents can give rise to an equitable mortgage. With respect to land this has now been abolished in England, although in many jurisdictions company shares can still be mortgaged by deposit of share certificates in this manner.
Generally speaking, an equitable mortgage has the same effect as a perfected legal mortgage except in two respects. Firstly, being an equitable right, it will be extinguished by a bona fide purchaser for value who did not have notice of the mortgage. Secondly, because the legal title to the mortgaged property is not actually vested in the secured party, it means that a necessary additional step is imposed in relation to the exercise of remedies such as foreclosure.
Statutory mortgage.
Many jurisdictions permit specific assets to be mortgaged without transferring title to the assets to the mortgagee. Principally, statutory mortgages relate to land, registered aircraft and registered ships. Generally speaking, the mortgagee will have the same rights as they would have had under a traditional true legal mortgage, but the manner of enforcement is usually regulated by the statute.
Equitable charge.
A fixed equitable charge confers a right on the secured party to look to (or appropriate) a particular asset in the event of the debtor's default, which is enforceable by either power of sale or appointment of a receiver. It is probably the most common form of security taken over assets. Technically, a charge (or a "mere" charge) cannot include the power to enforce without judicial intervention, as it does not include the transfer of a property proprietary interest in the charged asset. If a charge includes this right (such as private sale by a receiver), it is really an equitable mortgage (sometimes called charge by way of mortgage). Since little turns on this distinction, the term "charge" is often used to include an equitable mortgage.
An equitable charge is also a non-possessory form of security, and the beneficiary of the charge (the "chargee") does not need to retain possession of the charged property.
Where security equivalent to a charge is given by a natural person (as opposed to a corporate entity) it is usually expressed to be a bill of sale, and is regulated under applicable bills of sale legislation. Difficulties with the Bills of Sale Acts in Ireland, England and Wales have made it virtually impossible for individuals to create floating charges.
Floating charge.
Floating charges are similar in effect to fixed equitable charges once they crystallise (usually upon the commencement of liquidation proceedings against the chargor), but prior to that they "float" and do not attach to any of the chargor's assets, and the chargor remains free to deal with or dispose of them. The U.S. equivalent is the floating lien, which unlike the floating charge, can be given by any kind of debtor, not just corporate entities.
Pledge.
A pledge (also sometimes called a pawn) is a form of possessory security, and accordingly, the assets which are being pledged need to be physically delivered to the beneficiary of the pledge (the "pledgee"). Pledges are in commercial contexts used in trading companies (especially, physically, commodity trading), and are still used by pawnbrokers, which, contrary to their old world image, remain a regulated credit industry.
The pledgee has a common law power of sale in the event of a default on the secured obligations which arises if the secured obligations are not satisfied by the agreed time (or, in default of agreement, within a reasonable period of time). If the power of sale is exercised, then the holder of the pledge must account to the pledgor for any surplus after payment of the secured obligations.
A pledge does not confer a right to appoint a receiver or foreclose. If the holder of pledge sells or disposes of the pledged assets when not entitled to do so, they may be liable in conversion to the pledgor.
The major flaw with the pledge is that it requires physical possession by the pledgee, which traps a business pledgor in a paradox. Unless the pledgee literally occupies the same premises as the pledger, the collateral once transferred is unavailable for the pledgor to operate its business and generate income to repay the pledgee. Lawyers in many jurisdictions tried to get around this problem with creative devices like conditional sales and trust receipts (see below) with varying results.
Legal lien.
A legal lien, in most common law systems, is a right to retain physical possession of tangible assets as security for the underlying obligations. In some jurisdictions it is a form of possessory security, and possession of the assets must be transferred to (and maintained by) the secured party. The right is purely passive; the secured party (the "lienee") has no right to sell the assets - merely a right to refuse to return them until paid. In the United States, a lien can be a non-possessory security interest. See the main article: lien for a discussion of the differences between the United States and other common law countries.
Most legal liens arise as a matter of law (mostly by common law, but also by statute), however, it is possible to create a legal lien by contract. The courts have confirmed that it is possible to also give the secured party a power of sale in such a contract, but case law on such a power is limited and it is difficult to know what limitations and duties would be imposed on the exercise of such a power.
Equitable lien.
Equitable liens are slightly amorphous forms of security interest that only arise by operation of law in certain circumstances. Academically it has been noted that there seems to be no real unifying principle behind the circumstances that give rise to them.
An equitable lien takes effect essentially as an equitable charge, and they arise only in specified situations, (e.g. an unpaid vendor's lien in relation to property is an equitable lien; a maritime lien is sometimes thought to be an equitable lien). It is sometimes argued that where the constitutional documents of a company provide that the company has a lien over its own shares, this take effect as an equitable lien, and if that analysis is correct, then it is probably the one exception to the rule that equitable liens arise by operation of law rather than by agreement.
Hypothecation.
Hypothecation, or "trust receipts" are relatively uncommon forms of security interest whereby the underlying assets are pledged, not by delivery of the assets as in a conventional pledge, but by delivery of a document or other evidence of title. Hypothecation is usually seen in relation to bottomry (cf. bills of lading), whereby the bill of lading is endorsed by the secured party, who, unless the security is redeemed, can claim the property by delivery of the bill.
Conditional sale.
Another form of security interest which flourished in the United States in the late 19th century and the first half of the 20th century was the conditional sale, the ancestor of what U.S. lawyers now call the purchase money security interest (PMSI). It was popular in that era among creditors for two reasons. First, most U.S. states had imposed numerous onerous restrictions upon chattel mortgages in order to protect debtors (at a time debtor's prisons were being abolished but were still within the memory of most persons then living), and second, all U.S. states in that era also had strict anti-usury laws. Conditional sales, at least initially, were seen to be free of both of those problems.
Under pressure from creditors and their lawyers, U.S. courts gradually developed a highly technical distinction between an absolute, unconditional sale, in which the seller simply became another unsecured creditor of the buyer, and a conditional sale, in which the sale of the goods was made dependent upon some condition (such as payment of the price in installments). Thus, the buyer's breach of a material condition, in turn, made it possible for the seller to declare the contract had ended, that the "status quo ante" should be restored, and to repossess the goods accordingly. Since the buyer had breached, he had forfeited his right to reimbursement of any portion of the price already paid, or in the alternative, those payments could be regarded as a crude form of rent for the use of the goods.
As conditional sales became popular for financing industrial equipment and consumer goods, U.S. state legislatures began to regulate them as well during the early 20th century, with the result that they soon became almost as complex as the older forms of security interests which they had been used to evade.
Security interest vs. general obligation.
Some obligations are backed only by a security interest against specific designated property, and liability for repayment of the debt is limited to the property itself, with no further claim against the obligor. These are referred to as "nonrecourse obligations".
Other obligations (i.e., recourse obligations) are backed by the full credit of the borrower. If the borrower defaults, then the creditor can force the obligor into bankruptcy and the creditors will divide all assets of the obligor.
Depending on the relative credit of the obligor, the quality of the asset, and the availability of a structure to separate the obligations of the asset from the obligations of the obligor, the interest rate charged on one may be higher or lower than the other.
Perfection.
Perfection of security interests means different things to lawyers in different jurisdictions.
With the Americanization of the world's legal profession, the second definition is becoming more frequently used commercially, and arguably is to be preferred, as the traditional English legal usage has little purpose except in relation to the comparatively rare true legal mortgage (very few other security interests require additional steps to attach to the asset, but security interests frequently require some form of registration to be enforceable on the chargor's insolvency).
"Quasi-security".
There are a number of other arrangements which parties can put in place which have the effect of conferring security in a commercial sense, but do not actually create a proprietary security interest in the assets. For example, it is possible to grant a power of attorney or conditional option in favour of the secured party relating to the subject matter, or to utilise a retention of title arrangement, or execute undated transfer instruments. Whilst these techniques may provide protection for the secured party, they do not confer a proprietary interest in the assets which the arrangements relate to, and their effectiveness may be limited if the debtor goes into bankruptcy.
It is also possible to replicate the effect of security by making an outright transfer of the asset, with a provision that the asset is re-transferred once the secured obligations are repaid. In some jurisdictions, these arrangements may be recharacterised as the grant of a mortgage, but most jurisdictions tend to allow the parties freedom to characterise their transactions as they see fit. Common examples of this are financings using a stock loan or repo agreement to collateralise the cash advance, and title transfer arrangements (for example, under the "Transfer" form English Law credit support annex to an ISDA Master Agreement (as distinguished from the other forms of CSA, which grant security)).
The law in different jurisdictions.
European Union.
The laws relating to taking and enforcing security vary by country, and depend on whether it derives from common law or civil law.
In the European Union, the "Financial Collateral Arrangements Directive" provides for "appropriation" as a remedy for securing financial collateral. In the United Kingdom, this has been introduced under the "Financial Collateral Arrangements (No.2) Regulations 2003" where the assets subject to the mortgage are "financial collateral" and the mortgage instrument provides that the regulations apply. Appropriation is a means whereby the mortgagee can take title to the assets, but must account to the mortgagor for their fair market value (which must be specified in the mortgage instrument), but without the need to obtain any court order. In 2009, the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council ruled that as a matter of English law:
The principles under which equitable relief may be sought, where appropriation has been exercised under English law, were expressed in 2013 in "Cukurova Finance International Ltd & Anor v Alfa Telecom Turkey Ltd".
United States (the Uniform Commercial Code).
In the late 1940s, the United States legal community arrived at a consensus that the traditional common law distinctions were obsolete and served no useful purpose. They tended to generate too much unnecessary litigation about whether the creditor had selected the correct type of security interest. There was a growing recognition that the different types of security interests had developed only because on the one hand, many judges thought there was something inherently wrong with allowing a person, either out of desperation or foolishness, to summarily encumber all his or her personal property as collateral for a loan, but on the other, debtors and creditors would attempt to reach a desired result by any means necessary, even if that meant resorting to creating multiple security interests to cover different types of personal property. There was also the problem of the above-mentioned early English cases that regarded such security interests as fraudulent conveyances and failed to recognize that they had legitimate uses in a modern industrial economy. Therefore, because the very history of security interests demonstrated that judicial resistance to enforcing broad security interests "would not stop" debtors from trying to give them as inducement to creditors to extend financing, and that they were socially useful under the proper circumstances, the better choice was to make the law of security interests as clear and simple as possible.
The result was Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code, which regulates security interests in "personal property" (as opposed to real property) and establishes a unified concept of a "security interest" as a right in a debtor's property that secures payment or performance of an obligation.
Article 9 was subsequently enacted in all 50 U.S. states as well as all U.S. territories.
Under Article 9, a security interest is created by a security agreement, under which the debtor grants a security interest in the debtor's property as collateral for a loan or other obligation.
A security interest grants the holder a right to take a remedial action with respect to the property, upon occurrence of certain events, such as the non-payment of a loan. The creditor may take possession of such property in satisfaction of the underlying obligation. The holder will sell such property at a public auction or through a private sale, and apply the proceeds to satisfy the underlying obligation. If the proceeds exceed the amount of the underlying obligation, the debtor is entitled to the excess. If the proceeds fall short, the holder of the security interest is entitled to a deficiency judgment whereby the holder can institute additional legal proceedings to recover the full amount unless it is a non-recourse debt like many mortgage loans in the United States.
In the U.S. the term "security interest" is often used interchangeably with "lien". However, the term "lien" is more often associated with the collateral of real property than with of personal property.
A security interest is typically granted by a "security agreement". The security interest is established with respect to the property, if the debtor has an ownership interest in the property and the holder of the security interest conferred value to the debtor, such as giving a loan.
The holder may "perfect" the security interest to put third parties on notice thereof. Perfection is typically achieved by filing a financing statement with government, often the secretary of state located at a jurisdiction where a corporate debtor is incorporated. Perfection can also be obtained by possession of the collateral, if the collateral is tangible property.
Absent perfection, the holder of the security interest may have difficulty enforcing his rights in the collateral with regard to third parties, including a trustee in bankruptcy and other creditors who claim a security interest in the same collateral.
If the debtor defaults (and does not file for bankruptcy), the UCC offers the creditor the choice of either suing the debtor in court or conducting an disposition by either public or private sale. UCC dispositions are designed to be held by private parties without any judicial involvement, although the debtor and other secured creditors of the debtor have the right to sue the creditor conducting the disposition if it is not conducted in a "commercially reasonable" fashion to maximize proceeds from the sale of the collateral.
Article 9 is limited in scope to personal property and fixtures (i.e., personal property attached to real property). Security interests in real property continue to be governed by non-uniform laws (in the form of statutory law or case law or both) which vary dramatically from state to state. In a slight majority of states, the deed of trust is the primary instrument for taking a security interest in real property, while the mortgage is used in the remainder.
Commonwealth.
As noted above, UCC Article 9's core insight was that the traditional distinctions were hopelessly obsolete, which was highly influential elsewhere and inspired the enactment of the "Personal Property Security Acts" throughout Canada during the 1990s. Although Ontario was the first province to enact such a law in 1990, all other Canadian provinces and territories followed the example set by Saskatchewan's PPSA enacted in 1993. The PPSAs are generally similar to UCC Article 9. However, they differ substantially on several issues such as the treatment of rental property, and the effectiveness of a financing statement after a debtor changes its name. 
In turn, international development experts recognized in the mid-1990s that reform of the law of security interests was a major reason for the prosperity of both Canada and United States, in that it had enabled their businesses to finance growth through forms of secured lending which simply did not exist elsewhere. The International Monetary Fund, the World Bank, and other international lenders began to encourage other countries to follow Canada's example as part of the structural adjustment process (a consultation process often required as a condition of their loans). The Canadian PPSAs were subsequently followed by the New Zealand Personal Property Securities Act 1999, the Vanuatu Personal Property Securities Act 2008, the Australia Personal Property Securities Act 2009, the Papua New Guinea Personal Property Security Act 2012, the Jersey Security Interests Law 2012 (covering intangible personal property only), the Samoa Personal Property Securities Act 2013, and the Jamaica Security Interests in Personal Property Act 2013. 
The Canadian, New Zealand and Australian acts all followed the UCC's pragmatic "function over form" approach and borrowed extensive portions of Article 9's terminology and framework. However, New Zealand, as a unitary state, only needed to enact one act for the whole country and was able to create a single nationwide "register" for security interests. While the U.S. enacted Article 9 at the state level and Canada enacted its PPSAs at the provincial level, Australia, another common law federation, deliberately implemented its new security interest law at the federal level in order to supersede over 70 state laws and create a national register similar to New Zealand's.
Civil law.
The first major attempt to bring the benefits of UCC Article 9 to civil law jurisdictions was launched by the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development in 1992, which resulted in the EBRD Model Law for Secured Transactions in 1994. However, the EBRD Model Law's approach to the entire subject differed radically from UCC Article 9, and it was also quite limited. For example, it did not have provisions for purchase money security interests. Nearly all Central and Eastern European countries undertook reform of their secured transactions laws in the 1990s and 2000s, although most of them either came up with "ad hoc" indigenous solutions or followed the EBRD Model Law to some extent. Only Albania, Kosovo, and Montenegro attempted to closely follow the UCC Article 9 approach. 
In 2002, the Organization of American States promulgated the Model Inter-American Law on Secured Transactions, in response to a rapidly growing body of empirical evidence that the chronic failure of Latin America's legal systems to support modern asset-based financing is a primary reason for the region's economic instability. The OAS Model Law attempted to import many of the best parts of UCC Article 9 into the Latin American civil law sphere, but with extensive revisions for that region's unique problems. The OAS Model Law has been enacted to some extent in several countries, including Mexico (2000, 2003, and 2010), Peru (2006), Guatemala (2007), and Honduras (2009). 
To date, only Honduras has been able to fully enact and actually implement the OAS Model Law in a manner faithful to the spirit of UCC Article 9, in the sense of unifying security interests and making them easily visible on a public registry. At the launch of the Pathways to Prosperity in the Americas initiative in San Jose, Costa Rica on March 4, 2010, then-U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton stressed that "the United States is committed to working with our Pathways partners to modernize laws that govern lending so that small and medium size businesses can use assets other than real estate as collateral for loans," and generously praised Honduras for its aggressive reform efforts. 
Separately, after the issue of secured transactions reform was recommended to the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law in 2000 by the Secretary-General, UNCITRAL eventually prepared a Legislative Guide on Secured Transactions as a recommendation to all countries, which ended up structured as an compromise between "all" major legal systems. Therefore, although it was obviously inspired by UCC Article 9, the Legislative Guide did not closely conform to Article 9's terminology or structure. The Legislative Guide uses different terminology for even the most basic concepts. For example, it uses the term "security right" in lieu of "security interest". On December 11, 2008, the Guide was subsequently endorsed by the 67th plenary meeting of the United Nations General Assembly in Resolution 63/121, which took effect January 15, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="2916938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916938" title="Sub City Records">
Sub City Records

Sub City Records is a record label which was created by Hopeless Records to raise funding and awareness for non-profit organizations. Sub City has been active for eleven years now, and has now over 30 releases. 
The label has donated over $1.9 million to more than 50 nonprofit organizations with proceeds generated by Sub City's releases and the label's annual Take Action tour.

</doc>
<doc id="2916939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916939" title="Ivy Hill, Newark, New Jersey">
Ivy Hill, Newark, New Jersey

Ivy Hill is a diverse neighborhood in the West Ward of Newark, New Jersey bordering South Orange, Maplewood and Irvington. The Ivy Hill neighborhood is often considered as section of the Vailsburg area.
History.
The Ivy Hill area had been part of the South Orange Township known as Maplewood until 1890 when the city of Newark bought this land. In 1926, another was annexed by Newark. In the 1960s, novelist Philip Roth in his book "American Pastoral", described the community as family-oriented and safe.
Schools.
This neighborhood has up to three schools and an Annex which had been a Ukrainian School and which later became the Mount Vernon School for two years and then for one year Vailsburg middle School.
Mt. Sinai Congregation.
The Ivy Hill area is home to the Mt. Sinai Congregation and Jewish Senior Center. Several hundred Russian jews live in the area. It is the last remaining synagogue in Newark, NJ.
Ivy Hill Park.
In 1927, the City of Newark designated land for the formation of Ivy Hill Park on Manor Dr. to accommodate the recreational needs of Maplewood, Newark, South Orange and Irvington. The park acreage is 18.96. Due to a 25-year, no-cost lease agreement between Seton Hall University and Essex County Parks for one acre of University tennis courts, this brings the total number of courts in the park to 10. In exchange, the County rehabilitated the tennis courts and allows Seton Hall University use of the park's facilities. The area hosts softball competitions.
Ivy Hill Park also includes the following:
Politics.
The Ivy Hill Neighborhood Association was formed several decades ago and hosts forums for public debate. In 2010, concerns voiced by members included issues such as "increased police presence, job creation, failing schools, recreational facilities for children, control of the Newark watershed, and residency requirements for city employees." Many city workers do not live within the city limits, according to one report.
Residential.
The area has many single-family, duplex homes and apartment buildings of various sizes.
Ivy Hill Park Apartment Complex
The Ivy Hill Park Apartments consists of ten fifteen-story buildings on Mount Vernon Place and Manor Drive. It is a privately managed facility which spreads out for half a mile.
"Groundbreaking for the Ivy Hill Apartments took place in September 1951, with the first tenants moving in November of the next year. The developers were Arthur Pedula and Ralph Solow. Though forgotten today, Pedula was one of Newark's largest developers. The Ivy Hill Apartments were built with federal and city assistance. The City of Newark sold Pedula and Solow the 31 acres for the apartments, and the federal government, through the Federal Housing Administration, provided $17 million in low interest loans to the developers. Newark further facilitated the apartment buildings construction to allow for cheaper reinforced concrete, rather than structural steel. It is also a nuclear fallout shelter. In 1955, the complex was sold to New York real estate investor and manager Henry Moscowitz, owner of the Argo Corporation. The Ivy Hill apartments were originally solidly middle-class. Nearly a fifth of all residents were transplants from New York City and 22% of the residents commuted into the great metropolis. Throughout the years, it became home to an extremely diverse resident base. In 2011, residents from over 40 countries were represented, totaling up to 10,000 residents, with the sense of the complex being like a mini "United Nations". Of the 10,000 residents, 1,000 of them are Russian speakers. Due to its walking proximity to Seton Hall University, many undergraduate and graduate students live here too. There are also a number of retirees. The complex is New Jersey's largest privately owned apartment complex. 
In a freak accident, several persons were injured by lightning when they were outdoors in a small wooded area behind the apartments when a thunderstorm began.
Notable residents.
Ivy Hill is the home of artistic talent of such varying disciplines:
Public Transportation.
The 1 or 361X connects Ivy Hill with Jersey City and Newark Penn Station. Number 1 buses run almost every half hour starting at 4:34 am. 361X express buses run during the morning rush at 7:16, 7:23, 7:30, 7:37, 7:44, 7:51, 8:00, 8:14, 8:24, 8:40.
Ivy Hill is also served by the Number 3 New Jersey Transit bus lines, all of which meet at the Ivy Hill Loop "station" located at the southeast corner of Manor Drive and Mount Vernon Place. 
Service on the 107 begins at 4:45 am on weekdays and the last bus to arrive from New York arrives at 2:49 am. It is the second stop, after the South Orange Train Station, on the number 107 bus to New York.
The loop is the first stop on the number 37 bus to Newark Airport, which begins at 4:04 am on weekdays. The last bus to arrive from Newark Airport arrives at 12:12 am.
Crime.
The area has been plagued by high rates of crime in the past few decades, with numerous muggings and murders. There was a murder of a 26-year-old man in 2008 and a woman in 2011.
In 2007 there was a triple execution-style murdering of three college-bound students behind the Mount Vernon school which generated national attention. The murdered students became known as the "Mount Vernon 3". They had been bound for Delaware State University. The shooting happened in a parking lot behind the Mount Vernon School just across Manor Drive from Ivy Hill Park Apartments. It led to lawsuits against the school for inadequate security as well as protests from residents about lack of police presence, an underused police facility, and lack of surveillance cameras.
The Ivy Hill Park Apartment complex has had serious problems with crime, although there are conflicting reports whether the crime rate is improving. Some court cases involving these apartments include Kuzmicz v. Ivy Hill Park Apartments, Ivy Hill Park Apts. V. GNB Park. Corp, Ivy Hill Park Apts. V Sidisin, etc.
There was a homicide victim in building 55. There is a report of residents who were "often afraid to approach their own apartments because of the gantlet of gang members lurking around the doorways of the buildings." Some buildings were plagued by "garbage and mischief". Illegal immigrants have lived in the Ivy Hill Park Apts. According to longtime residents, the management has recently changed for the better, but it is a slow process. There are also unmarked police cars parked around the area.

</doc>
<doc id="2916940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916940" title="67 Cancri">
67 Cancri

67 Cancri (67 Cnc) is a star in the constellation Cancer. Its apparent magnitude is 6.07. It was discovered by James South and John Herschel.

</doc>
<doc id="2916952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916952" title="Torbjørn Sindballe">
Torbjørn Sindballe

Torbjørn Sindballe (born 21 October 1976) is a Danish professional triathlete who was forced to end his competition triathlon career due to heart problems. Torbjørn Sindballe lives in northern Sjælland with his wife Mette, and their 5-year-old son Oskar.
Particular physique.
Thorbjørn Sindballe weighs in at 80 kg and is 190 cm tall, which is an unusual size for an elite triathlete. His size makes him less aerodynamic, heavier for running, and makes it harder for him to endure the heat, which is a strong factor in several important competitions.
Triathlon career.
He had his first career breakthrough when he won the Danish and Nordic Championships in 1998, and next year won World Championship Silver. However, his career has been plagued by injuries but he somehow has still managed a very healthy career, with many impressive results, including:
Racing in the heat.
The thing that Torbjørn believes held him back from success in the Ironman Hawaii is his body's inability to handle the heat. To deal with this problem, he has developed, in cooperation with his sponsor Craft of Scandinavia, several methods to endure the heat more effectively: including running in all white, while soaked in water, as well as a glove filled with ice, to cool him down.
End of competitive triathlon career.
Torbjørn Sindballe was forced to announce end to his competitive triathlon career on 30 June 2009, due to a bicuspid aortic valve.

</doc>
<doc id="2916955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916955" title="Shiloh Strong">
Shiloh Strong

Shiloh Strong (born June 12, 1978) is an American actor, screenwriter, photographer and film director whose roles include "Zelos Wilder" from "Tales of Symphonia", "David Scott" from "Dinotopia", and "Grant" from "Buck Naked Arson".
At the age of 16, Shiloh won a Dramalogue Award for writing the play "Shades of Blue". He wrote, directed and starred in the award-winning short film "Irish Twins" along with his brother, Rider Strong. The film premiered at the 2008 Tribeca Film Festival.
In 2008, Shiloh Strong helped create a television commercial for Barack Obama's Presidential campaign called "It Could Happen To You". He appeared in the commercial with Alexandra Barretto and his brother Rider Strong. The commercial won Moveon.org's contest for funniest commercial and aired on Comedy Central.

</doc>
<doc id="2916959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916959" title="Eileen Saxon">
Eileen Saxon

Eileen Saxon was an infant known as "The Blue Baby", because of a condition called Tetralogy of Fallot, one of the primary congenital defects that lead to blue baby syndrome. In this condition, defects in the great vessels and wall of the heart lead to a chronic lack of oxygen in the blood. In Eileen's case, this made her lips and fingers turn blue, with the rest of her skin having a very faint blue tinge. She could only take a few steps before beginning to breathe heavily.
On November 29, 1944, Saxon was the first human to receive a groundbreaking operation (now known as a Blalock-Taussig shunt) suggested by pediatric cardiologist Helen B. Taussig and administered by Alfred Blalock, with Vivien Thomas, who had perfected the surgery in laboratory tests on animals, standing over his shoulder to advise him on performing the surgery.
The surgery had been designed and first performed on laboratory dogs by Thomas, who taught the technique to Blalock. Although Thomas perfected the technique, he could not perform the surgery because he was not a doctor. 
The surgery was not completely successful, since Eileen Saxon became cyanotic again a few months later. Another shunt was attempted on the opposite side of the chest, but she died a few days afterwards, very close to her second birthday.
Though Eileen died, she lived long enough to demonstrate that the operation would work. The team later discovered the operation worked best in older children. Eileen herself could not have waited any longer. By the time the first shunt was attempted on her, she was in danger of dying.
The 2004 movie produced by HBO, "Something The Lord Made", is a dramatic documentary based on the Saxon baby operation.

</doc>
<doc id="2916961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916961" title="Joe Crede">
Joe Crede

Joseph Taylor Crede (pronounced CREE-DEE, born April 26, 1978 in Jefferson City, Missouri) is a former Major League Baseball third baseman. Crede attended high school at Fatima High School in Westphalia, Missouri which he led to 3 district championships (1991, 1992, 1996) and two final four berths ('95, '96) as a pitcher. Crede was drafted by the White Sox in the 5th round of the 1996 amateur draft and made his debut with the team in 2000.
Crede was a member of the White Sox when they won the World Series in 2005, their first championship in eighty-eight years. The highlight of his postseason came in Game 2 of the American League Championship Series when he hit a game-winning RBI double in the bottom of the ninth inning.
Chicago White Sox.
In 2005 he hit 22 home runs with 88 RBIs. In 2006 he broke out with a career-high 30 home runs, 92 RBIs and a .283 average, winning the Silver Slugger Award for third base. In 2007 he only hit 4 home runs and drove in 17 due to surgery. In 2008 Crede hit a grand slam on opening day. He made the 2008 MLB All-Star Game. He hit .248 with 17 home runs and 61 RBIs. 2008 also ended with surgery. Early on in his tenure with the Pale Hose, Crede had some struggles with the leather, but thanks to a special third baseman coach, Kevin "Wittlman" Wittl, he learned the finer points of the hot corner. Wittlman is renown for working a plethora of White Sox third baseman, from Herbert "the Milkman" Perry to "Beltin'" Bill Melton.
Minnesota Twins.
Crede signed a contract with the Minnesota Twins prior to the 2009 season. In his one season with the Twins, Crede had a .225 batting average and hit 15 home runs in 90 games. On September 20, Crede announced he would undergo a third season-ending back surgery.
Colorado Rockies.
Crede signed a minor league contract with an invitation to spring training with the Colorado Rockies after a 1-year absence from baseball. He became a free agent on February 17, 2011, when he decided not to show up for spring training. Crede then retired.
Personal life.
On October 22, 2005, the due date of his second daughter, Lucy, Joe Crede hit his first World Series home run. On November 6, 2005, Crede was honored by his hometown of Westphalia, Missouri, with "Joe Crede Day," where he was presented the key to the city. In February 2006, Crede's high school, Fatima High School in Westphalia, Missouri, retired his jersey. Joe's older brother Brad won a high school baseball state championship with Fatima High School in '92, and an NCAA Division II National Championship with CMSU in '94. He was drafted by the Orioles after high school but chose to play in college first. He was drafted again after college by the Phillies on the same day Joe was drafted. Crede and his wife Lisa have two daughters, Anna and Lucy and one son, Jace. He lives in mid-Missouri, and is a season-ticket holder for Missouri Tigers basketball.

</doc>
<doc id="2916963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916963" title="Innoko">
Innoko

Innoko can refer to the:

</doc>
<doc id="2916968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916968" title="John de Courcy, 35th Baron Kingsale">
John de Courcy, 35th Baron Kingsale

John de Courcy, 35th Baron Kingsale (27 January 1941 – 15 September 2005) was the Premier Baron of Ireland.
He succeeded his grandfather to the title in 1969, his father, Lieutenant-Commander The Honourable Michael de Courcy, RN, having been killed in action in 1940. 
Lord Kingsale was educated at Stowe School, and the Universities of Paris and Salzburg. He was a 2nd Lieutenant in the Irish Guards 1962–1965, after which he resigned due to being unable to keep himself on his limited private income. 
Lord Kingsale was famous for his varied career. At various times he was a property developer, law student, film extra, white hunter, and bingo caller. He also ran a dating service in Australia — which was successful although he never managed himself to marry, although he made repeated attempts to acquire a wife. He was director of several companies, Chairman of the National Association for Service to the Realm (which advocated the return of national service) from 1979, and Patron of L'Orchestre du Monde from 1988. 
The family is named for the village of Courcy-sur-Dives, in Calvados, France. They were also Lords of the Manor of Stogursey, Somerset. Lord Kingsale died in sheltered housing in Somerset, where he had lived since 1994, on 15 September 2005.
He was succeeded in his peerages by a descendant of the 20th Baron, Nevinson Mark de Courcey, who was born 11 May 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="2916970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916970" title="De Young (museum)">
De Young (museum)

The de Young, a fine arts museum located in San Francisco's Golden Gate Park, is one of the Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco along with the Legion of Honor. The de Young is named for its founder, early San Francisco newspaperman M. H. de Young. As of 2014, its director is Colin Bailey.
History.
The museum opened in 1895 as an outgrowth of the California Midwinter International Exposition of 1894 (a fair modeled on the Chicago World's Columbian Exposition of the previous year). It was housed in an Egyptian revival structure which had been the Fine Arts Building at the fair. The building was badly damaged in the Earthquake of 1906, closing the building for a year and a half for repairs. Before long, the museum's steady development called for a new space to better serve its growing audiences. Michael de Young responded by planning the building that would serve as the core of the de Young facility through the 20th century. Louis Christian Mullgardt, the coordinator for architecture for the 1915 Panama-Pacific International Exposition, designed the Spanish-Plateresque-style building. The new structure was completed in 1919 and formally transferred by de Young to the city's park commissioners. In 1921, de Young added a central section, together with a tower that would become the museum's signature feature, and the museum began to assume the basic configuration that it retained until 2001. Michael de Young's great efforts were honored with the changing of the museum's name to the M. H. de Young Memorial Museum. Another addition, a west wing, was completed in 1925, the year de Young died. In 1929 the original Egyptian-style building was declared unsafe and demolished. By 1949, the elaborate cast concrete ornamentation of the original de Young was determined to be a hazard and removed because the salt air from the Pacific had rusted the supporting steel. 
As part of the agreement that created the Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco in 1972, the de Young's collection of European art was sent to the Legion of Honor. In compensation, the de Young received the right to display the bulk of the organization's anthropological holdings. These include significant pre-Hispanic works from Teotihuacan and Peru, as well as indigenous tribal art from sub-Saharan Africa. The building was severely damaged by the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake. It in turn was demolished and replaced by a new building in 2005. The only remaining original elements of the old de Young are the vases and sphinxes located near the Pool of Enchantment. The palm trees in front of the building are also original to the site.
Collections.
The de Young showcases American art from the 17th through the 21st centuries, international contemporary art, textiles, and costumes, and art from the Americas, the Pacific and Africa.
American.
The American art collection consists of over 1,000 paintings, 800 sculptures, and 3,000 decorative arts objects. With works ranging from 1670 to the present day, this collection represents the most comprehensive museum survey of American art in the American West and is among the top ten collections nationally that encompass the entire history of non-indigenous American art. Since its inception in the Fine Arts Building at the California Midwinter International Exposition of 1894 in Golden Gate Park, its subsequent institutionalization in the M. H. de Young Memorial Museum in 1924, and its reinstallation in the new de Young in 2005, the permanent collection has evolved exponentially. 
In 1978, the American art collections were transformed by the decision of John D. Rockefeller III and Blanchette Hooker Rockefeller to donate their renowned collection of 110 paintings, 29 drawings, and 2 sculptures to the Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco where they would be on view at the de Young. His bequest in 1979 together with her bequest in 1993 are among the Fine Arts Museums’ single most important gifts of art. 
The de Young’s chronological survey of American art includes galleries devoted to art in the following areas: Native American and Spanish Colonial; Anglo-Colonial; Federal era art and Neoclassical; Victorian genre and realism; trompe l’oeil still life; the Hudson River School, Barbizon, and Tonalism; Impressionism and the Ashcan School; Arts and Crafts; Modernism; Social Realism and American Scene; Surrealism and Abstraction; Beat, Pop, and Figurative; and Contemporary.
Although the permanent collection is national in scope, art made in California from the Gold Rush era to the present day is also on display in the de Young. Important California collections with national significance include examples of Spanish colonial, Arts and Crafts, and Bay Area Figurative and Assemblage art. Important among them are the most significant museum collections of works by Bay Area painter Chiura Obata and sculptor Ruth Asawa.
The permanent collection galleries integrate decorative arts objects with paintings and sculptures, emphasizing the artistic, social, and political context for the works on display. While essentially chronological, the installation also juxtaposes works from different cultures and time periods to emphasize the historical connections between works in the collection. Painters with paintings in this art museum include; John Singleton Copley, John Vanderlyn, Thomas Cole ("Promethous Bound"), Thomas Hill, Thomas Wood ("Newspaper Vendor"), Samuel Brookes, John Peto, Childe Hassam, Edmund C. Tarbell ("The Blue Veil"), George Hitchcock, Maynard Dixon, Otis Oldfield, Granville Redmond, Thomas Hart Benton ("Susannah and the Elders"), David Park, Richard Diebenkorn, Mel Ramos, and Wayne Thiebaud.
Since 1991, the American Art Department has housed a set of the Smithsonian Institution’s Archives of American Art microfilm collection. In conjunction with the Bothin Library and department research files, the American Art Study Center is the most important research center for American art on the West Coast.
International contemporary.
In 1988, the Fine Arts Museums made a commitment to collect international contemporary art. In addition to works in traditional media, this commitment has expanded the museums’ holdings of works in new or multiple media––including installation and conceptual works, video and other time-based media, and photography and other lens-based media––to more accurately reflect contemporary art practice.
Recent contemporary acquisitions include "Wall of Light Horizon" (2005), by Sean Scully and signature sculptures by Zhan Wang and Cornelia Parker. The strength of the collection lies in artists associated with California, including 
Piotr Abraszewski, Christopher Brown, Squeak Carnwath, Jim Christiansen, Robert Colescott, Hung Liu, Bruce Nauman, Rachel Neubauer, Ed Ruscha, and Masami Teraoka.
Lens-based and time-based media represent a new area of growth, with works by Nigel Poor, Catherine Wagner, Rebeca Bollinger, and Alan Rath. The museums have also acquired works by international artists such as Anish Kapoor, Odd Nerdrum, Gottfried Helnwein, Doris Salcedo, David Nash, Barbara Hepworth, and Richard Deacon.
Textiles and costumes.
The Fine Arts Museums’ textiles collection boasts more than 12,000 textiles and costumes from around the world. It is one of the largest and most comprehensive collections of its type in the United States. It comprises costume and costume accessories; loom-woven textiles; non-woven fabrics such as bark cloth, felt, and knitting; and objects whose primary decoration is produced through techniques such as beading and embroidery. With holdings that span two and a half millennia and represent cultures from 125 countries, the textile arts collection enables the museums to draw connections across cultures and enrich its other collections. 
Highlights from the collection include extraordinary Turkmen carpets, rare 12th through 15th-century Central Asian and North Indian silks, the most important group of Anatolian kilims outside Turkey, European tapestries, and contemporary fiber art. 
The de Young has exhibited fashion since the 1930s and is known for its 20th-century couture, particularly from the post–World War II era, with pieces by Dior, Balenciaga, Madame Grès, Yves Saint Laurent, Chanel, Ralph Rucci, and Kaisik Wong. There are equally compelling collections of 18th and 19th-century European fans, an excellent lace collection, a spectacular group of European ecclesiastical vestments and furnishings, and a growing collection of contemporary wearable art.
Africa, Pacific, and the Americas.
More than 1,400 stellar examples from the eastern Sudan, the Guinea coast, west and central Africa, eastern and southern Africa, and elsewhere on the continent are included in the Fine Arts Museums’ African art collection at the de Young. The African art collection is presented thematically rather than geographically, emphasizing the aesthetic and expressive qualities of the art.
The Oceanic collections were charter collections of the de Young, their nucleus formed in 1894 at the California Midwinter International Exposition in Golden Gate Park. Additional Oceanic works of sculpture, basketry, tapa, ceramics, and lithics have since been acquired, bringing the holdings to more than 3,000. Highlights of the collection include a housepost from the Iatmul culture of Papua New Guinea, a group of brightly painted carvings used in malanggan ceremonials of New Ireland, a roll of feather money from Nindu Island of Santa Cruz, a fan from the Marquesas Islands of Polynesia, a rare navigation figure from the Caroline Islands of Micronesia, and a selection of powerful wood carvings from the Maori peoples of New Zealand.
The Art of the Americas collections are of national significance to art history, anthropology, and world history, and they have helped establish the de Young as a primary source for cultural research and study. The extensive collection of ancient American and Native American art comprises nearly 2,000 works of art from Meso-America, Central and South America, and the West Coast of North America. Art from cultures indigenous to the American continents was a defining feature of the museum’s charter collection and continues to be an area of significant growth. Special galleries are devoted to ancient objects from Mexico, including an outstanding grouping of Teotihuacan murals.
Architecture.
The current building was completed by architects Jacques Herzog, Pierre de Meuron and Fong + Chan and opened on October 15, 2005. Structural, civil and geotechnical engineering was provided by Rutherford & Chekene; Arup provided mechanical and electrical engineering. Herzog & de Meuron won the competition in January 1999 beating out other short-listed architects Tadao Ando and Antoine Predock. The terrain and seismic activity in San Francisco posed a challenge for the designers Herzog & de Meuron and principal architects Fong & Chan. To help withstand future earthquakes, “building can move up to three feet (91 centimeters) due to a system of ball-bearing sliding plates and viscous fluid dampers that absorb kinetic energy and convert it to heat”.
A new museum structure located in the middle of an urban park was initially controversial. San Francisco voters twice defeated bond measures that were to fund the new museum project. After the second defeat, the museum itself planned to relocate to a location in the financial district. However, an effort led by generous supporters arose and kept the museum in the Golden Gate Park. 
The designers were sensitive to the appearance of the building in its natural setting. Walter Hood, a landscape architect based in Oakland, designed the museum's new gardens. The entire exterior is clad in of copper, which is expected to eventually oxidize and take on a greenish tone and a distinct texture to echo the nearby eucalyptus trees. In order to further harmonize with the surroundings, shapes were cut into the top to reveal gardens and courtyards where 48 trees had been planted, the giant tree-ferns that form a backdrop for the museum entrance are particularly dramatic. 5.12 acres (20,700 square meters) of new landscaping were planted as well, with 344 transplanted trees and 69 historic boulders. The building is clad with variably perforated and dimpled copper plates, whose patina will slowly change through exposure to the elements. This exterior facade was developed and fabricated by engineers at Zahner. A 144 ft. (44 m) observation tower allows visitors to see much of Golden Gate Park's Music Concourse (see below) and rises above the Park's treetops providing a view of the Golden Gate and Marin Headlands.
The twisting 144 foot (44 m) tall tower is a distinctive feature, and can be seen rising above the canopy of Golden Gate Park from many areas of San Francisco. The museum offers a two-floor museum store, free access to the lobby and tower, and a full-service cafe with outdoor seating in the Osher Sculpture Garden. The executive chef is Lance Holton.

</doc>
<doc id="2916987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916987" title="Ghent, West Virginia">
Ghent, West Virginia

Ghent is a census-designated place (CDP) in Raleigh County in the U.S. state of West Virginia. As of the 2010 census, its population was 457.
On January 30, 2007, the Flat Top Little General Store (a local convenience store) on U.S. Route 19 exploded, killing four people and injuring several others, near the Winterplace Ski Resort.
Climate.
The climate in this area has mild differences between highs and lows, and there is adequate rainfall year round. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Ghent has a marine west coast climate, abbreviated "Cfb" on climate maps.
References.
The small community is also accompanied by 3 local churches,Ghent elementary school,the local fire department and post office, 2 general stores, a small locally owned restaurant,two small rental stores, The Ski barn and The Ski Shop as well as a hotel.It is located directly off the exit to Ghent and is known as a small well knit community of friends and families.

</doc>
<doc id="2916998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2916998" title="St Helens Central railway station">
St Helens Central railway station

St Helens Central railway station (previously known as St. Helens Shaw Street) is a railway station serving the town of St Helens, Merseyside, England. It is on the Liverpool to Wigan Line from Liverpool Lime Street to Wigan North Western. The station and all trains calling at it are operated by Northern Rail.
The station is on the Merseyrail City Line. The City Line is the name given to local rail routes out of Liverpool Lime Street station operated by companies other than Merseyrail. The City Line appears on maps of the Merseyrail network as red, and covers the Liverpool-Wigan Line. Although it is branded under the Merseyrail name, the routes are operated by Northern Rail on behalf of Merseytravel rather than by the Merseyrail franchise.
No information has been revealed as to whether the line will be fully under the umbrella of the fully electrified Merseyrail network after the current electrification of the line to Liverpool.
History.
The station, originally opened by the St Helens Canal and Railway as St Helens on 1 February 1858 to replace two earlier nearby 1833 and 1849 stations, was renamed St Helens Shaw Street in 1949 and became St Helens Central in 1987 ( the original St Helens Central station - the terminus of the Liverpool, St Helens and South Lancashire Railway branch from Lowton St Marys - was on Corporation Street. It opened in 1900 and closed to passenger traffic in 1952, although Goods traffic continued to use it until early 1965, when it was closed completely ).
An accident occurred on 11 November 1988, when a train from to became derailed after it departed from St Helens Central at 23:15. Leaving the station, the driving cab struck a bridge abutment; the driver was killed and 16 passengers received minor injuries.
In 2005, Merseytravel and Network Rail invited tenders for the reconstruction of the station, including a new station building, footbridge and lifts. The new station building and facilities were assembled just a few yards from the 1960s station building and is the third build on the same site. The project came in at a total estimated cost of £6 million, with the European Union contributing £1.7 million towards the total funding. The new footbridge was lifted into place in the early hours of 22 January 2007. Construction work was completed in the summer, with the new waiting rooms and footbridge opened to passengers on 19 September. The new station building was officially opened on 3 December 2007.
As precursors to the forthcoming electrification of the Liverpool to Wigan line, which is due to be completed in December 2014., modifications to the adjacent bridgeworks were undertaken in 2012 and as of Spring 2014, electrification masts and mast bases were in the process of being installed.
Station Information.
Penalty fares do not apply at this station. The station is open and staffed from 05:45 to 23:50, Monday to Saturday.
The booking office is open 05:50 to 20:40 Monday to Saturday, 09:00 to 21:30 on Sunday. Advanced, season, general ticket enquires and sales can be made. Sunday opening hours are extended to 08:00-22:00 from April to August. A ticket vending machine is provided next to the booking office. Disabled access is facilitated by lifts on both platforms. Car parking (including disabled bays) is available and is free for rail users.
Cold drink and snack vending machines are provided in the waiting room on the Wigan-bound platform. As of March 2012, a coffee shop serving hot and cold food was open upstairs in the main station building but closed in September 2012
Services.
During Monday to Saturday daytimes, there is a half-hourly local service between Liverpool Lime Street and Wigan North Western, and an hourly fast service from Liverpool South Parkway which continues beyond Wigan to Preston and Blackpool North, although some formerly continued to either Morecambe or Barrow-in-Furness prior to the December 2008 timetable change. 
On Sundays, there is an hourly semi-fast service from Liverpool to Wigan, with a number of trains continuing to Blackpool.

</doc>
<doc id="2917000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917000" title="Thelwell">
Thelwell

Thelwell is both a surname and a given name. Notable people with the name include:
Surname:
Given name:

</doc>
<doc id="2917001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917001" title="James Urbaniak">
James Urbaniak

James Christian Urbaniak (born September 17, 1963) is an American actor. Urbaniak was born in Bayonne, New Jersey. He lives in Santa Monica, California with his wife Julie and their twins, son Severn Jerzy and daughter Esme Maeve.
One of his first noteworthy roles was in the avant-garde playwright/director Richard Foreman's "The Universe", for which Urbaniak won an Obie. He has also been acclaimed for his acting in the films "Henry Fool" and "American Splendor", in the latter of which he played legendary illustrator R. Crumb. He was nominated for a Drama Desk Award for his role in "Thom Pain (based on nothing)". He provides the voice for main character Dr. Thaddeus Venture on "The Venture Bros." as well as the Doctor's brother Jonas Venture Junior and the super-villain Phantom Limb.
In one of his lesser-known roles, Urbaniak played a pizza guy in the famous "Whassup?" television commercials for Budweiser. He also portrayed the moderator in "Human Centipede Anonymous", a Funny or Die short depicting three men who grapple with their past as a human centipede.

</doc>
<doc id="2917006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917006" title="Eller College of Management">
Eller College of Management

The Eller College of Management (Eller) is a business and public administration school at the University of Arizona located in Tucson, Arizona. The Eller College of Management began in 1913 as bachelor's degree program in commerce before becoming the University of Arizona School of Business and Public Administration in 1944. In 1999, the school was renamed the Eller College of Management in honor of its primary benefactor Karl Eller, an entrepreneur and alumnus of the University of Arizona. It is one of the largest colleges at the University of Arizona, with over 5,400 undergraduate students and nearly 700 graduate students. In addition, Eller has over 55,000 alumni worldwide.
Eller employs over 130 world-renowned faculty members, and as of 2009 offers programs in Public Administration and Policy, Accounting, Economics, Finance, Marketing, Management Information Systems (MIS), and Management and Organizations. It's interdisciplinary program in Entrepreneurship is perennially ranked one of the world's best. It is one of the first business schools in the U.S. to promote "social entrepreneurship and awareness" as part of the traditional business school curriculum.
Admissions into Eller's undergraduate program is selective. Approximately 60% of students are admitted every semester to the "professional cohort." The application process involves a minimum GPA requirement, several prerequisite classes, resume, cover letter, interview, and skills assessment test. This thorough process is used to maintain the school's relatively high standing when compared to other public business schools.
The school is known for its close ties to the technology sector and companies that frequently recruit at Eller include IBM, Honeywell, Intel, Raytheon, and Accenture.
On January 24, 2011, Dr. Leonard Jessup of the Center for Entrepreneurial Studies at the Washington State University was named the next dean of the Eller College, ushering in a new era of leadership at the school.
Rankings.
The most recent U.S. News and World Report ranks Eller 25th in undergraduate business programs in the U.S. (including public and private institutions), the highest ranking college at the University of Arizona. According to U.S. News, Eller also boast Top 5 Management Information Systems and ranked #1 Entrepreneurship programs nationally. The MIS program has been ranked in the Top 5 by U.S. News since the inception of the rankings, one of only three programs in the U.S. with such a distinction. Eller's programs in Supply Chain Logistics and Accounting ranked top 20 and Marketing ranked in the nation's Top 25 by U.S. News as of 2008. The Department of Management and Organizations also ranked in the nation's top 25 by U.S. News as of 2010
In 2009, the Financial Times ranked Eller's MBA program 5th among U.S. public universities, 19th among all U.S. universities and 41st worldwide in its global rankings. The Entrepreneurship program was ranked 3rd worldwide in the Financial Times.
In 2005, Eller's MBA program was ranked in the Top 25 regional programs by recruiters in a poll conducted by The Wall Street Journal. U.S. News has ranked the MBA program among the Top 50 programs nationally for 12 consecutive years. Forbes Magazine ranked the Eller MBA program 33rd overall for having the best Return on Investment (ROI), in its fourth biennial rankings of business schools 2005. The MBA program was also ranked 24th by The Wall Street Journal's 2005 Interactive Regional Ranking.

</doc>
<doc id="2917010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917010" title="1980 in Australia">
1980 in Australia

Events.
Unknown dates.
1981 – Victoria decriminalises homosexual acts between consenting adults

</doc>
<doc id="2917012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917012" title="Fasman Yeshiva High School">
Fasman Yeshiva High School

Fasman Yeshiva High School, also known as Skokie Yeshiva, or simply "the Yeshiva" to its students and to members of the Chicago Jewish community, is the all-boys high school division of Hebrew Theological College in Skokie, Illinois. As of 2013, the school has about 145 students enrolled in grades 9-12. Fasman Yeshiva offers a dual curriculum of secular and Judaic studies.
Facilities.
Fasman Yeshiva High School is located on a campus shared with Hebrew Theological College and Hillel Torah Jewish Day School. The Administration Building includes a dining hall, auditorium, library, dormitory and classrooms. The science laboratory, bookstore and game room are also in this building. The Beis Midrash building includes a large study hall as well as additional classrooms, an auditorium and a fitness room. Sports facilities include a full-size outdoor basketball court and a baseball field.
Academics.
General Studies Department.
Fasman's general education program includes Advanced Placement college-level courses in biology, calculus, computer science, physics, AP US Government and Politics, U.S. history, Micro/Macro-economics and English. However, certain Advanced Placement offerings vary from year to year. Students are also required to take a minimum of three years of modern, conversational Hebrew.
Torah Studies Department.
Fasman Yeshiva High School's Torah studies curriculum includes a preparatory shiur, which is designed to assist students with limited exposure to Talmud to develop their basic skills, in addition to three levels of Jewish studies classes per grade. Each Jewish studies teacher teaches his students Talmud, Jewish Law and Hebrew Bible. Additionally, many students are enrolled in a variety of optional Jewish studies classes after school hours.
Sports.
Basketball is the only sport that the school competes in interscholastically. Until the 2010-11 school year, the school had been a member of the Metro Prep Conference, but is now an independent team, which now competes in the state tournament sponsored by the Illinois High School Association.
There are multiple intramural leagues including basketball, baseball, football, tennis, and soccer. [http://htc.edu/index.php/Fasman-Yeshiva-High-School-Root/Rabbi-Oscar-Z-Fasman-Yeshiva-High-School.html]

</doc>
<doc id="2917018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917018" title="Nara Line">
Nara Line

The is a commuter rail line in the Osaka-Kobe-Kyoto metropolitan area, operated by the West Japan Railway Company (JR West). Its official termini are Kizu Station in Kizugawa and Kyōto Station in Kyoto, within Kyoto Prefecture; however, all trains continue past Kizu on the Yamatoji Line (Kansai Main Line) to Nara Station in Nara, Nara Prefecture.
Overview.
The Nara Line is a part of the JR West Urban Network in the Kyoto-Osaka-Kobe area. Its primary role is that of an intercity-suburban commuter line, ferrying people to and from work and school in Kyoto and Nara; it is also well-used by foreign tourists holding the Japan Rail Pass, as visiting the historical landmarks of Uji and Nara makes an easy day-trip from Kyoto. At Kyoto, the line connects to the Tōkaidō Shinkansen, the Tōkaidō Main Line (Biwako Line / JR Kyoto Line), and the San'in Main Line (Sagano Line), while at Kizu, it connects to the Kansai Main Line (Yamatoji Line) for Kamo, and the Katamachi Line (Gakkentoshi Line) for Kyōbashi Station in Osaka. At Nara, travelers can change trains to continue westward to Hōryūji and JR Namba.
As Kintetsu operates a "Nara Line" of its own, the line is often referred to as the "JR Nara Line" ("JNR Nara Line" prior to 1988). Strictly speaking, the Kintetsu Nara Line links Osaka and Nara (a counterpart to the Yamatoji Line), rather than Kyoto and Nara (connected primarily by the Kintetsu Kyoto Line). However, there are many through trains to the Kintetsu Nara Line from Kyōto Station, so "JR" is often appended for clarity. This was aided by the 1988 introduction of the official nicknames "JR Kyoto Line", "JR Kobe Line" (for parts of the Tōkaidō Main Line and San'yō Main Line) and "JR Takarazuka Line" (southern half of the Fukuchiyama Line) within the Urban Network, making the "JR Nara Line" construction a natural parallel, if unofficial, usage.
Since the formation of JR West in 1988, the line has been under the jurisdiction of the Tennoji Railway Operations Office in Osaka, and its trains use the Osaka Branch's rail yards in Nara. On the other hand, the stations themselves (apart from Kizu) are administered by the Kyoto Branch of JR West.
The official line color used on JR West route maps and station guides is brown ().
The entirety of the line is part of the Greater Osaka Metropolitan Area. As such, all stations are outfitted with card readers for ICOCA and compatible smart fare-cards; however, Nagaike – Kamikoma are unmanned, and have only simplified automatic ticket gates. Apart from a few stations, the J-Through Card (a prepaid, single-charge fare card) can be used in lieu of cash to buy passenger tickets.
While Kizu is properly the end of the line, the Kansai Main Line's historically greater importance with respect to the Nara Line means that it is treated as . Thus, trains bound for Nara are "down" trains, and those bound for Kyoto are "up", according to the direction they travel on the Yamatoji Line between Kizu and Nara. Except where noted, this article adheres to the same convention.
Line name.
The Nara Line proper runs from Kyōto Station to Kizu Station, and lies entirely within Kyoto Prefecture; it has no trackage whatsoever in Nara Prefecture. However, the line was originally built by Nara Railway between Kyoto Station and Nara Station; it was only later, after merging with Kansai Railway, that the section between Kizu and Nara became a part of the Osaka – Nagoya route and was officially made a separate line.
Of course, the Nara Line "service" runs between Nara and Kyōto stations, and is treated as such by passenger announcements and route maps. Thus, even while operating on the Kansai Main Line (Yamatoji Line), trains to and from Kyoto are considered as being on the "Nara Line".
Station list.
Abandoned sections.
Numbers in parentheses are the distance from Kyoto Station. The portion between Kyoto and Fushimi is now part of the Kintetsu Kyoto Line.
Kyoto (0.00 km) – Hachijō Temporary Station (0.80 km) – Tōji Temporary Station (1.13 km) – Fushimi (5.31 km) – Momoyama (7.08 km)
Rolling stock.
All trains are based at Nara Depot.
History.
The Nara Line was originally constructed from Kyoto to Nara by Nara Railway, but at the time of its completion, the Kyoto – Momoyama section ran via the route now used by the Kintetsu Kyoto Line. In 1921, on the day that the Tōkaidō Main Line was re-routed from its original path to the new Baba (Zeze) – Kyoto alignment via the Higashiyama Tunnel, the Kyoto – Inari portion of the old route became part of the Nara Line, and new track was laid between Inari and Momoyama. At the same time, the original Kyoto – Fushimi alignment was abandoned, and the Fushimi – Momoyama section became freight-only. Later on, the old right-of-way from Kyoto to Fushimi was sold off to the Kintetsu Kyoto Line's predecessor, Nara Electric Railway.
After the Nara Electric Railway line opened in 1928, its frequency of service and drastically reduced transit time took away much of the demand for through-service between the Tokaido Main Line and the Nara Line. In the 1950s, the Nara Line was among the earliest of the JNR lines to be converted from steam locomotives to diesel multiple unit trainsets, and new stations were opened; after that, however, not much capital was spent on the line, and was not until 1984 that it was finally electrified. In short, it was treated entirely as a local line, rather than as an intercity commuter corridor. The turning point for the Nara Line was only after Japanese National Railways was privatized, and it became part of the JR West network. An article in the Asahi Shimbun from 1991, the same year as JR announced it would be pumping capital into the Nara Line, described the perceived cause for this sudden interest as follows: "During previous year's string of visits by the new Emperor and Empress, their Majesties arrived in Kyoto via JR Central's Tōkaidō Shinkansen, then immediately boarded the Kintetsu line for Nara, ignoring the local JR West trains entirely."
Future developments.
Track duplication.
Report No. 8 from the 2004 Kinki Transportation Commission, , included track duplication on the JR Fujinomori – Uji and Shinden – Kizu sections of the Nara Line. As double-tracking work on the San'in Main Line (Sagano Line) between Kyoto and Sonobe will be completed in March 2010, JR West and Kyoto Prefecture have agreed to start conferring with regards to track duplication of the Nara Line; they are due to begin discussing matters such as costs, funding burdens, and right-of-way acquisition with municipalities along the line starting in April 2010.
However, due to the financial conditions of these local governments, as well as JR West's own situation, it is likely that the line will be double-tracked only in certain sections, not the entire line. Moreover, it is anticipated that construction will face a timeframe similar to that of the Sagano Line: even if construction begins in 2011, the duplication project will not be finished until 2018 at the earliest.

</doc>
<doc id="2917019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917019" title="Bosco Wong">
Bosco Wong

Bosco Wong Chung-chak (, born 13 December 1980) with family roots in Jiangmen, Guangdong, is a Hong Kong actor under TVB management and singer under East Asia Music.
Biography.
Early career.
Bosco's entertainment career began in 1998. He was spotted on the street by a talent-recruiter and soon appear for the first time in a lemon tea commercial and several minor modelling jobs. Recruiters offered him further opportunities but Bosco insisted on finishing his high school first. Right after high school graduation(Form 7) Bosco auditioned at TVB in 1999 at age 19. During his first few years in TVB, Bosco started off by hosting several TVB programmes and played cameo roles(celafare) in various TVB series.
Growth.
His debut came in 2003 when he was offered supporting roles in modern drama Triumph in the Skies, ancient series Find The Light, and youth drama Aqua Heroes. He then starred in Wong Fei Hung - Master of Kung Fu in 2004. In 2005 he stepped forward as a dramatic and comedic actor in Wars of In-Laws and obtained TVB's Most Improved Actor Award of the year. Afterwards, his performance as a socially inept youth in Dicey Business(2006) earned him even more exposure and recognition as a rising actor. In October 2008, Bosco developed further by signing a singer contract with East Asia Music and released his debut EP in December of the same year. He continued to grow his acting to another level by taking charge of a villainous character "Bai Co" or "Cripple Co" in Lives of Omission(2011). He also subsequently expressed that his growing age allows him to play more mature characters such as triad leader "Cripple Co" and righteous police Inspector "Hui Sir" in Witness Insecurity(2012) and "Cripple Co" is a role that he had fun playing. 
Bosco starred in his first silver screen leading role as "Chiu Bing" - a low class ice cream vendor in director Fire Lee's debut movie Love In Time(2012) and gained positive applause for his sincere and realistic performance. He also confessed that his dream is to pursue acting in more movies and wish to direct his own one day.
Besides expanding in films, Bosco has also stretched his acting experience to outside production houses notably from mainland China. Beginning with his first foray as a revolutionary warrior in CCTV8's period piece "Racecourse" filmed in late 2010, he takes the challenge of portraying a depressive male character "Lin Fang Wen" in a TV adaptation popular romance novel "Women on The Bread Tree" filmed in 2012, and starring as a 26 year old version of the famous "Detective Dee" in suspense-mystery costume drama "Young Sherlock"(filmed in 2013).
Filmography.
TV.
Hosting Programmes.
2011 - Water of Life 水之源 (Won: 2011 TVB Anniversary Awards Best Informative Programme)<br> 
2009 - Wine Confidential 尋味葡萄 <br>
2000~2002 - 非常音乐空间 <br>
2001~2002 - 欢乐今宵 <br>
2000~2001 - 和你玩得喜 <br>
2001 - 世纪狂欢飞跃 <br>
2000 - 中国奥运金牌选手龙的光辉大汇演 <br> 
2000 - 英皇超新星大赛 <br>
2000 - TVB.com 直check电视城 <br>
2000 - 永安旅游话系知点解海南岛咁好玩
Music.
Album.
2008 - Debut EP: In Love with Bosco (Release date: Dec 5, 2008)
<br>2010 - EP: Bravo (Release date: June 3, 2010).
External links.
! colspan="3" style="background: #DAA520;" | TVB Anniversary Awards

</doc>
<doc id="2917021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917021" title="A Redwall Winter's Tale">
A Redwall Winter's Tale

"A Redwall Winter's Tale" was written by Brian Jacques and illustrated by the well-known Redwall artist, Christopher Denise.
Plot introduction.
"A Redwall Winter's Tale" is the second "Redwall" picture book. It features the molebabe Bungo and the inhabitants of Redwall trying to decipher more clever riddles.
Plot summary.
"A Redwall Winter's Tale" opens up on the last day of autumn. At Redwall Abbey, the two Dibbuns (toddlers) Bungo and Tubspike are playing outside, waiting for a group of travelling performers that are expected at the Abbey. The Abbot had given them permission to welcome them.
The performers arrive, enter the abbey, and put on a show. Finally, when it is time for bed, the Dibbuns are told the story of the Snow Badger, a mythical creature who makes the snow fall.
Just before dawn the next morning, the Dibbun mole Bungo sees the Snow Badger and is able to talk to him! When the little mole wakes up, he finds a pouch around his neck. It contains a small crystal drop, and a note is written on the inside of the pouch on a scrap of parchment. It is in the form of a riddle, but what does it mean? The Redwallers must try to figure it out...

</doc>
<doc id="2917030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917030" title="Robert Ritchie (The West Wing)">
Robert Ritchie (The West Wing)

Robert Ritchie is a fictional character played by James Brolin on the television serial drama "The West Wing". The character is a three-term Governor of Florida and Republican nominee in the 2002 presidential election.
Nomination.
Ritchie runs for the nomination during his final term as Florida Governor, meaning he first won the Governorship in 1992. It is revealed during Season 7 that Ritchie defeated Carol Gelsey 54-46% in the 1996 election, and was re-elected in 2000 with 61 percent of the vote.
Ritchie is somewhat of a come-from-behind nominee in the 2002 election season, with most political analysts believing the Republicans would never nominate such an intellectually simple candidate to combat the self-named "Education President" Josiah Bartlet. Even when polls show Ritchie pulling even with the then-frontrunner Senator Jim Simon, (who is never seen or mentioned again) most of the senior White House staff didn't believe he could win. Only Bartlet and Toby Ziegler, as Bartlet puts it, "know different." Vice President John Hoynes also warns the White House staff that they should take Ritchie seriously.
Ritchie is assumed to be the official Republican nominee after the episode "Hartsfield's Landing", which is the only episode showing any actual primary activity.
Campaign.
Ritchie's campaign staff show their inexperience when Bartlet has an open-mike gaffe, saying on B roll after an interview that he thought Ritchie was a ".22 caliber mind in a .357 Magnum world" (in other words calling Ritchie stupid, a point Democrats had been careful to avoid thus far). Ritchie's staff repeatedly give quotes to the press, trying to push the White House into officially commenting, but the whole episode winds up hurting Ritchie more, as every mention of the story fuels debate over whether Ritchie is smart enough to be President. Eventually the supposed gaffe is revealed to be an astute maneuver by Bartlet to question Ritchie's intelligence. Making the comment appear to be accidental allows him to avoid the backlash that would come from overtly attacking Ritchie this way. Bartlet also indicates that he chose a gun metaphor to subtly counter the perception that he is a liberal elitist.
The Ritchie campaign retaliates with its own behind-the-scenes political maneuver. Republican campaign staffer Kevin Kahn anonymously sends Sam Seaborn a video cassette containing an attack ad against Bartlet which has no source or sponsor. Sam decides to sit down with Kahn, against the express wishes of Josh Lyman, Toby Ziegler, and Bruno Gianelli, and during the meeting hands the video over to Kahn (trying to show Bartlet wasn't attacking Ritchie, but also saying the Bartlet campaign had an ad like it "in a drawer" if the Ritchie campaign struck first). However, the whole exchange turns out to be a ploy from Kahn, who leaks the video to the press and tells them it was given to the Ritchie campaign by Sam. As such, the news report on the "story" of the leaked video and thereby constantly play a negative ad about the President for free. The Ritchie campaign remains untarnished, as there is no way to connect them to the video. 
At the close of Season 3 ("Posse Comitatus"), Bartlet and Ritchie are both due to attend a Catholic fundraiser in New York City, a musical theater production of Shakespeare's "King Henry" plays known as "The Wars of the Roses". Ritchie misses part of the play to go to a New York Yankees baseball game ("how ordinary Americans get their entertainment") in order to make Bartlet look elitist and out of touch. Toby Ziegler arranges for the Presidential Motorcade to drive up the Major Deegan Expressway to further delay Ritchie's arrival at the theater. When Ritchie and Bartlet do meet at the theater, Bartlet tells Ritchie about the recent murder of Secret Service Agent Simon Donovan, to which Ritchie says only "Crime. Boy, I don't know." Bartlet then suggests that he and Ritchie should have a presidential debate. They then have an exchange of words about why they appear to dislike each other, with Bartlet saying that Ritchie turns disengagement into "a Zen-like thing" and Ritchie describing Bartlet as "a superior sumbitch", an academic elitist, a snob, "Hollywood", weak, liberal and untrustworthy. At this point Bartlet leaves, warning Ritchie "in the future, if you're wondering, 'Crime. Boy, I don't know' is when I decided to kick your ass."
The Ritchie campaign agrees to only two debates, while the Bartlet camp wants five. A decision is handed down that there will be two debates using rules that do not allow for back-and-forth exchanges, despite Bartlet's wishes. As a result, Bartlet agrees to a single debate in exchange for rules that allow him to engage Ritchie. Bartlet scores an overwhelming victory in the one debate; even Ritchie himself admits defeat in the post-debate handshake. Ritchie whispers "It's over," to Bartlet, who replies "You'll be back". There is an election episode ("Election Night"), showing the official results of the election, but the debate is where Bartlet is considered to have beaten Ritchie.
Despite Bartlet's prediction, Ritchie is not among the names listed as the Republican candidates in the following election.
Inspiration.
"West Wing" creator Aaron Sorkin based the Ritchie character on his perception of President George W. Bush. Ritchie's intelligence is called into question, a common criticism of President Bush, and the character is the governor of Florida, as was the president's brother Jeb. Sorkin wrote the fictional 2002 election as a result of 2000 Democratic candidate Al Gore playing down his intelligence to compete against the folksy Bush. As a result, the West Wing election is in essence a version of events as Sorkin had wished to see them. Sorkin would leave the show at the end of the fourth year, with executive producer John Wells taking a more active role in story development. By contrast, in the 2006 election, Republican candidate Arnold Vinick is portrayed as likeable, principled, and intelligent.

</doc>
<doc id="2917034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917034" title="Quebec Route 315">
Quebec Route 315

Route 315 is a road in the Canadian province of Quebec that connects the Gatineau sector of Masson-Angers to Namur. Initially, the road started in Buckingham on Rue Joseph at the city's Main Street (Avenue de Buckingham) just a few kilometres further north, but when A-50 was extended further east as a Buckingham by-pass at its current end at Doherty Road, the section of Route 309 between Buckingham and the junction at Route 148 in Masson-Angers was renumbered Route 315 while Route 309 starts at Doherty Road and A-50.
The section of Route 315 between Mulgrave-et-Derry and Ripon is unpaved and windy.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2917039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917039" title="Slaughterhouse-Five (film)">
Slaughterhouse-Five (film)

Slaughterhouse-Five is a 1972 film based on Kurt Vonnegut's novel of the same name. The screenplay is by Stephen Geller and the film was directed by George Roy Hill. It stars Michael Sacks, Ron Leibman, and Valerie Perrine, and features Eugene Roche, Sharon Gans, Holly Near, and Perry King. The scenes set in Dresden were filmed in Prague. The other scenes were filmed in Minnesota.
Vonnegut wrote about the film soon after its release, in his preface to "Between Time and Timbuktu":
Plot.
The film follows the novel in presenting a first-person narrative from the point of view of Billy Pilgrim (Sacks), who becomes "unstuck in time" and experiences the events of his life in a seemingly random order, including a period spent on the alien planet of Tralfamadore. Particular emphasis is placed on his experiences during World War II, including the bombing of Dresden in World War II, as well as time spent with fellow prisoners of war Edgar Derby (Roche) and the psychopathic Paul Lazzaro (Leibman). His life as a husband to Valencia (Gans), and father to Barbara (Near) and Robert (King) are also depicted, as they live and sometimes even enjoy their life of affluence in Ilium, New York. A "sink-or-swim" scene with Pilgrim's father is also featured. The scenes of extraterrestrial life on Tralfamadore feature Hollywood starlet Montana Wildhack (Perrine).
Differences from the novel.
In addition to the condensation, there are a number of differences between the novel and the film, including the following:
The entire prologue in which Vonnegut meets with his old war buddy and decides to name his story 'The Children's Crusade' is omitted to focus on the 'fictionalized' story of Billy Pilgrim. The opening scene, which focuses many times on Billy typing a letter to the editor of the newspaper, is actually set much later in the novel.
Several elements of the novel are missing from the film. Two characters, Kilgore Trout and Vonnegut himself, are omitted. The sequence in the novel where Pilgrim watches a movie about a bombing mission in World War II forward and then backward is also omitted because it would not have worked inside the time constraints of the film, even though Vonnegut regretted it. The novel includes repeated references to insects in amber, which are missing from the film. Pilgrim's abduction scene is shorter in the film and also misses details, such as the appearance of the flying saucer, said to be 100 feet in diameter, with purple light pulsating around the saucer's portholes along the rim.
In the film, Derby's execution happens immediately after he innocently takes a small porcelain figurine from among the ruins of Dresden. In the novel, he is put on trial first, and is executed for taking a teapot. The scene that sets up the significance of the figurine, where Derby mentions one in a letter to his wife, is also unique to the film.
The Tralfamadorian response to death and mortality, "so it goes", is not spoken once in the film despite being used one hundred and sixteen times in the novel.
Toward the end of the movie Billy helps some of his buddies to collect a huge grandfather clock. When the Russians arrive, his friends leave him alone, buried under the clock. Although the image created by this scene (the pressure of time on Billy Pilgrim) fits nicely into the plot, this part is also not found in the novel.
The bird that says "Poo-Tee-Weet" at the end of the novel is not in the movie.
Music.
"Slaughterhouse-Five" is the first of two feature films for which Glenn Gould supplied the music. In this case it is in the form of needle drops from his Bach catalog, including Goldberg Variations Variation 25, and a performance of the third ("Allegro") movement from Keyboard Concerto #3 in D major and the second movement (Largo) of the Fifth harpsichord concerto. Gould's soundtrack actually included so little music in elapsed time, that the soundtrack album added atmospheric excerpts from Douglas Leedy's synthesized triple album "Entropical Paradise".
A prolonged rendition of the final movement of Bach's fourth Brandenberg concerto accompanies a cinematic montage as the main character first encounters the city of Dresden.
Awards.
The film won the "Prix du Jury" at the 1972 Cannes Film Festival, as well as a Hugo Award and Saturn Award. Both Hill and Geller were nominated for awards by their respective guilds. Sacks was nominated for a Golden Globe.

</doc>
<doc id="2917054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917054" title="Havana, West Virginia">
Havana, West Virginia

Havana is an unincorporated community in Boone County, West Virginia, United States. This community was named around 1900 and had its origin from the Spanish American War.

</doc>
<doc id="2917055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917055" title="Guy Dejouany">
Guy Dejouany

Guy Dejouany (1920 – 14 November 2011) was the CEO of Compagnie Générale des Eaux, (currently known as Vivendi, a French company part of the CAC 40) from 1976 to 1995.
Guy Dejouany worked as Chief Executive Officer of Vinci PLC from 1990 to 1996. He was Honorary Chairman of Vivendi Universal. 
He played an important role in Vinci PLC's Supervisory Board as Chairman from 1988 to 1990. He is the Director of Vivendi Universal Publishing. He serves as member of the Supervisory Boards of Dalkia and Compagnie des Eaux et de l'Ozone. He is a permanent representative of Vivendi Universal on the Board of Directors of UGC. He is part-owner and the Director of Alcatel-Lucent. He is also member of the councils D E monitoring of Dalkia and of the Ozone and Water-company. He is a graduate of École Polytechnique and École Nationale des Ponts et Chaussées.
Guy Dejouany was a French businessman, former President of the French group Générale des Eaux from 1976 to 1996 and one of the most emblematic leaders in the period 1970-2000 France.
Biography.
Dejouany was born in Paris on 15 December 1920. Only child of André and Jean (née Imbart) Dejouany. His father was a French civil servant, working for the French Administration including the French colonial administration, his mother was a homemaker. Algeria, Madagascar, Senegal were major career assignments of his father. 
He followed his schooling in Paris at Fénelon and Condorcet. A graduate of the École Polytechnique and the École Nationale des Ponts et Chaussées. 
After having been the Chief Executive Officer during the previous twenty years, he took George Huvelin succession at the head of the Compagnie Générale des Eaux in 1976 there will be the Managing Director until 1996.
The Presidency of C.G.E..
During his presidency of C.G.E, Dejouany transformed of the company from a national company focused in the water business, into an international conglomerate. 
Guy Dejouany prevented the nationalization of the Générale des Eaux in 1983. At that time, Jacques Delors was Minister of industry, and decided to buy back in hand and via Saint-Gobain - company actions to achieve the blocking minority and thus influence the future of the group. François Mitterrand, President of the Republic in exercise, intervened in favour of the C.G.E.. To follow two groups cross-participation thus participating in the creation of the famous hard cores in French Defence organised to withstand hostile Takeovers abroad. 
The end of this episode marks the beginning of a phase of expansion and creation of new trades. Successively, the company puts one foot in the audio-visual sector with Havas creating chain television Canal + in 1984, and then creates SFR, first French private telephony operator. Civil engineering and construction industry develops through particular companies Campenon Bernard SGE (Société Générale d'Entreprises). 
At the same time, new trades are explored and conquered: collection and treatment of waste, passenger transport. Complementary trades are reinforced: heating, electricity and heat production. New develop related services (babysitting, green spaces, disinfection, parking lots). Other trades are born as the company General health, has become quickly first l France private hospital. In the middle of the 1990s, the company is one of the largest companies in the world with over 2300 integrated companies consolidations. Expansion in volume and ambition is then equivalent to the United States, with General Electric. Restructuring American less. 
Guy Dejouany strongly marked its footprint the history of this group and its business, based on discretion, work culture and spirit of conquest. 
Era Dejouany and through modernization by his successor, Jean Marie Messier, there are now several world leaders in their respective fields: VINCI, Veolia Environnement, Vivendi.
Family.
Guy Dejouany has three children, Capucine, Melchior, and Gonzague, born of his union with Véronique Honoré, who died in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="2917058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917058" title="Quebec Route 317">
Quebec Route 317

Route 317 is a provincial highway in the Papineau County of the Outaouais region east of Gatineau, Quebec. The 36-kilometer highway connects Thurso, at the junction of Route 148, to Ripon at the junction of Route 321. It is also a link to Montpellier in which a rural route connects both the 315 and 317 towards the village.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2917064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917064" title="Nelore">
Nelore

Nelore or Nellore beef cattle originated from Ongole Cattle ("Bos indicus") cattle originally brought to Brazil from India. They are named after the district of Nellore in Andhra Pradesh state in India. The Nelore has a distinct large hump over the top of the shoulder and neck. They have long legs which help them to walk in water and when grazing. The Nelore can adapt to all except very cold climates. They are very resistant to high temperatures and have natural resistance to various parasites and diseases. Brazil is the largest breeder of Nelore. Nelore have the shortest ears of most "Bos indicus" types. There is a naturally polled strain of the breed.
Breed history.
The first pair of Ongole Cattle arrived in Brazil by ship in 1868, at Salvador, Bahia. Manoel Ubelhart Lemgruber, from Rio de Janeiro Zoo, bought two more from Hamburg Zoo in 1878. The most recent importations from India were of one hundred animals in the 1960s. The Nelore herd book was founded in 1875.
In the first decades of twentieth century, the favored breed of zebu in Brazil was the Indubrasil or Indo-Brazilian, but from the 1960s onwards, Nelore became the primary breed of beef cattle in Brazil because of its hardiness, heat-resistance, and because it thrives on poor-quality forage and breeds easily, with the calves rarely requiring human intervention to survive. Currently more than 80% of beef cattle in Brazil (approximately 100,000,000 animals) are either purebred or hybrid Nelore, making them the majority breed in Brazil. Bulls of this breed have been exported to many other countries in the Western Hemisphere, such as United States and Venezuela in the last decades.
Main lineages in Brazil.
The vast majority of Nelores created today comes from lineages that entered Brazil from India in the 1950s and 60's. These lineages are: Karvardi, Taj Mahal, Golias, Godhavari, Rastan, Akasamu and Padhu(4).

</doc>
<doc id="2917065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917065" title="Hebron, West Virginia">
Hebron, West Virginia

Hebron is the name of several unincorporated communities in the U.S. state of West Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="2917068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917068" title="Malone, Wisconsin">
Malone, Wisconsin

__NOTOC__
Malone, Wisconsin is an unincorporated community located in Fond du Lac County, Wisconsin near the Sheboygan River and Mt. Calvary, in the towns of Marshfield, and Taycheedah. Malone is located in The Holyland region of Wisconsin. It is home to a post office.
History.
Malone was a stop on the Sheboygan & Fond du Lac Railroad. Originally named St. John, it was renamed Malone after railroad official H. T. Malone.
The Malone Area Heritage Museum provides an in depth look at Malone's culturally diverse history as a railroad town throughout the 19th and 20th centuries. In 2005, the museum moved the original train depot across the street and began restoring it.

</doc>
<doc id="2917074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917074" title="Chemosphere">
Chemosphere

The Chemosphere, designed by American architect John Lautner in 1960, is an innovative Modernist octagon house in Los Angeles, California. The building, which the Encyclopædia Britannica once called "the most modern home built in the world", is admired both for the ingenuity of its solution to the problem of the site and for its unique design. 
Design.
The building stands on the San Fernando Valley side of the Hollywood Hills, just off of Mulholland Drive. It is a one story octagon with around 2200 square feet (200 m2) of living space. Most distinctively, the house is perched atop a 5-foot-wide concrete pole nearly thirty feet high. This innovative design was Lautner's solution to a site that, with a slope of 45 degrees, was thought to be practically unbuildable. Because of a concrete pedestal, almost in diameter, buried under the earth and supporting the post, the house has survived earthquakes and heavy rains. The house is reached by a funicular. Chemosphere is bisected by a central, exposed brick wall with a fireplace, abutted by subdued seating, in the middle. 
History.
The lot had been given to a young aerospace engineer by his father-in-law; despite his own limited means, the engineer, Leonard Malin, was determined to live there. Malin had US$30,000 to spare. The cost to build Chemosphere, US$140,000, was subsidized partly by barter with two sponsoring companies, the Southern California Gas Company and the Chem Seal Corporation. Chem Seal provided the experimental coatings and resins to put the house together and inspired the name "Chemosphere". (Lautner originally wanted to call the house "Chapiteau".) In the end Malin paid US$80,000 in cash. The Malins and their four children lived there until rising costs and the demise of the aerospace industry forced them to sell in 1972.
In 1976, the house's second owner, Dr. Richard Kuhn, was stabbed to death at his home in a robbery by two men, who were subsequently convicted and sentenced to life in prison.
By 1997, the interior had become run down; for over 10 years it had been rented out and used for parties and as a result the interior finishes had undergone major and anachronistic alteration. Because of its unique design it proved to be a difficult sell and had sat on the market for most of its time as a rental property.
Since 2000, it has been the Los Angeles home of Benedikt Taschen, of the German publishing house Taschen, who has had the home restored; the only current issue with the home is the relatively high cost of maintenance. The recent restoration, by Escher GuneWardena Architecture, won an award from the Los Angeles Conservancy. Preservation architect Frank Escher wrote the first book on Lautner a few years after moving to Los Angeles in 1988, and oversees the John Lautner Archives. During restoration the architects added details that were unavailable 40 years before, as the technology simply did not exist. The gas company tile was replaced by random-cut slate, which could not be cut thin enough in 1960, despite Lautner's desire for such a finish. The architects also replaced the original thick framed windows with frameless glass. The owners commissioned a pastiche rug by German painter Albert Oehlen and a hanging lamp of bent plexiglas strips by Jorge Pardo, a Los Angeles artist. 
The Taschen family planned to commission Dutch architect Rem Koolhaas to build a large new guesthouse at the base of Chemosphere on the site once owned by Leonard Malin's in-laws. The new house was intended to hold an art collection and library and to provide rooms enough for the four children the Taschens have between them. The plans were later cancelled due to fears the annex would visually compete with the main house. During the first few years the Taschens lived there, the house became locally famous for their parties, where photographer William Claxton and his model wife Peggy Moffitt would carouse with porn stars, jazz musicians and director Billy Wilder.
Recognition.
The Chemosphere was declared a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument in 2004. It was also included in a list of all time top 10 houses in Los Angeles in a "Los Angeles Times" survey of experts in December 2008.
The house forms part of a retrospective of Lautner's work which was shown at the Hammer Museum in Los Angeles between August and October 2008.
Pop culture.
The building was first used in a dramatic film as a futuristic residence in "The Duplicate Man", a 1964 episode of the ABC TV-program "The Outer Limits", based on a science fiction story by American author Clifford D. Simak. Exterior scenes for the television episode were shot on location; a detailed sound-stage set of the house's interior was built. It was also used in the 1984 film "Body Double", directed by Brian De Palma, as the house of a principal character. A set for a scene in "Charlie's Angels" was inspired directly by the Chemosphere. A similar building also appears in the video game "" near the "VINEWOOD" sign. In an episode of "The Simpsons", character Troy McClure resides in a similar flying saucer-shaped home. Hosts on Current TV appear in a set which is an exact replica of the interior of The Chemosphere. The character "Desolation Jones" in the comic of the same name lives in the Chemosphere. It has also appeared in "Men in Black" (1997). The house was also used in the 1987 music video "Only Time Will Tell" by the Canadian rock band Saga.

</doc>
<doc id="2917080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917080" title="Esslingen">
Esslingen

Esslingen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2917082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917082" title="Helvetia, West Virginia">
Helvetia, West Virginia

Helvetia is a census-designated place (CDP) in Randolph County, West Virginia, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 59. The isolated community was settled by Swiss starting in 1869, and is known today for maintaining Swiss traditions, food, and folkways.
History.
After the end of the Civil War, a group of Swiss and German-speaking immigrants calling themselves the "Grütliverein" formed in Brooklyn, New York. The members agreed that they would all emigrate to another section of the country together when the time was right.
A member of the society named Isler surveyed large swaths of the eastern West Virginia mountains for a Washington-based firm, and reported back to the society on the richness of the country. A committee of six men was assembled, and left Brooklyn by rail on October 15, 1869. They arrived at Clarksburg and began the difficult work of traveling by foot over the mountains.
They reached a plot that was on offer for sale on October 20, and were disappointed by the extreme thickness of the wilderness in this lightly settled and rugged country. The land was very reasonably priced, though, and they had offers of other assistance from the land agents in Clarksburg if they would encourage further settlement in the area. After hearing the report of this exploration, the society members all decided they would go to West Virginia.
Because of the low cost of the land, all of the settlers were able to buy their own tracts, ranging from a small house lot to hundreds of acres. An area of was set aside at the center of the community and laid off into lots, which were sold to skilled tradesmen as an incentive.
At the beginning of 1871, there were thirty-two people living in the community. A new arrival in that year, C.E. Lutz, became the local land agent and wrote advertisements in English and German for papers across the country extolling the virtues of the settlement. New settlers came from various parts of the United States and Canada, and some immigrated directly from Switzerland.
In addition to farmers and herdsmen, many craftsmen and professionals were among the settlers: stonemasons; carpenters; painters; wagon, shoe, watch, hat, and cheese makers; musicians; teachers; ministers; and doctors. By 1874 the community's population had grown to a heady 308.
The Helvetia Village Historic District was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="2917098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917098" title="James Geddes (engineer)">
James Geddes (engineer)

James Geddes (July 22, 1763 - August 17, 1838) was born in Carlisle, Pennsylvania and was a prominent engineer, surveyor, New York State legislator and U.S. Congressman who was instrumental in the planning of the Erie Canal and other canals in the United States. He was also at the forefront of development of the salt industry at Onondaga Lake near Syracuse, New York beginning in 1794.
Biography.
The son of a Scottish farmer, he worked on his parents farm and taught school for a few years before moving to Kentucky for a short time, but left there due to his opposition to slavery. For a brief period he was employed as a schoolmaster in Carlisle, Pennsylvania.
Salt manufacture.
James Geddes arrived in Salt Point outside of Syracuse in 1793 after leaving his previous job as a schoolmaster in Carlisle, Pennsylvania to manufacture salt in the "Onondaga Salt Springs Reservation". At that time, Geddes was not allowed to buy land next to the salt springs because the Iroquois retained common rights to the lake and land around it. He returned to his home in Pennsylvania to form a business to manufacture salt, although he did not stay there long and soon returned to New York. During that period, residents of Salt Point, who were known as "squatters", were very protective of the land on which they were squatting and they did not take kindly to visitors attempting to share the resources.
Geddes returned to the area in April 1794, however, instead of settling in Salt Point, he moved to the most southwest point of the lake to an area that is within the town of Geddes of today. At that time, three other towns were involved in the manufacturing of salt; on the lower southeast of the lake was Salt Point and further north was Green Point, which no longer exists and on the other side of the lake, in the northeast corner, was Liverpool. Geddes investigated the brine springs and set up a salt works at Geddesburgh, now Solvay.
He acquired land from members of the Onondaga Indians and eventually became an adopted member of their tribe after providing gifts for them.
Surveyor.
Geddes was hired in 1797 by the State of New York to survey "Onondaga Salt Springs Reservation" and lay out the first road in Salt Point.
In 1798, Salt Point became the village of Salina. The Surveyor-General, Simeon DeWitt employed Geddes to design the streets. Although Geddes had no formal training in surveying, DeWitt saw great potential in him. Soon Geddes sold his interest in the Geddes salt works to pursue other interests and surveying continued to be an important role for much of his life.
Previously, the main roads through Onondaga County were centered in the midsection of the county (around Manlius, Onondaga Hill, Onondaga Hollow and Marcellus) running east-west.
In the village of Salina, the first two streets surveyed by Geddes were Free Street and Canal Street which are now called Hiawatha Boulevard and North Salina Street. Next, he named Center and Salt Streets which are now LeMoyne and Park Streets. Although there was organization to the land, "Salina continued to keep a shanty town quality." As time passed, lots were sold and "proper" buildings were erected.
James Geddes did not choose to live in Salina or Onondaga Hill, another village he surveyed that summer, but instead made his home three miles west of his old salt works in what is called Fairmount today. By this time he had sold his interest in the salt works, continued surveying, and began to study law. In 1800, he was admitted to the bar and was appointed Justice of the Peace. He was becoming well-known and was to be further drawn into public life.
Salt springs road.
During 1804, an act was passed that directed the sale of of the "Onondaga Salt Springs Reservation" for the purpose of "laying out and improving a road" running from lot 49, Manlius, to lot 38, Onondaga, east and west through the reservation. James Geddes laid out the design of the new road in "rather an irregular form so that as much dry land might be secured as possible."
Geddes village.
Geddes first surveyed and laid out the village of Geddes with approximately 20 lots on either side of West Genesee Street in 1807.
Erie canal.
Geddes became involved in canal building during the first decade of the 1800s. He was a self-trained engineer and surveyor and an early supporter of a proposed canal to the Great Lakes. Geddes was appointed by the New York State "Surveyor General" to explore possible routes for a canal. After much study, he determined that only two routes had the necessary water sources to support a canal. These two routes eventually became the Ohio and Erie Canal and the Miami and Erie Canal.
Based in part on Geddes' recommendations, the Legislature established a canal commission in 1810. Geddes was one of five engineers chosen in 1816 to supervise the construction of the Erie Canal. He also was appointed chief engineer of the Ohio and Erie Canal.
Canal commissions.
After completing the work for the "Ohio Canal Commission", Geddes helped survey the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal. He worked in this capacity until 1828, when he accepted a position with State of Pennsylvania in the design of the states's canal system. In 1 826, Geddes surveyed the Chenango River and recommended Whitesboro as the point to connect it to the Erie Canal. During the late 1820s, Geddes also surveyed a canal plot in Canada.
Politics.
He was a member of the New York State Assembly (Onondaga Co.) in 1804 and 1822. He was elected as a Federalist to the 13th United States Congress, holding office from March 4, 1813, to March 3, 1815.
Later life.
His son, George Geddes, was a New York State legislator. His grandson, also called James Geddes, was a civil engineer and agriculturist.
Geddes died at Camillus, New York on August 17, 1838 at age 75.
Memorials.
The modern-day town of Geddes is named for him as well as Geddes Street in Syracuse.

</doc>
<doc id="2917101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917101" title="Quebec Route 321">
Quebec Route 321

Route 321 is a regional road in Quebec, Canada, that consists of two unconnected sections: one in Papineau Regional County Municipality that runs from Papineauville to Duhamel, and a second section of the road goes from Nominingue to L'Ascension in the Antoine-Labelle Regional County Municipality.
The portion north of Chénéville in Papineau RCM is still unmarked on some maps, but it is signed on the road, and is very sinuous. On most of the Chénéville-Duhamel part, it is impossible to reach the 90 km/h speed. In fact it is most of the time a 50-70 km/h speed limit road. It is frequented by campers who go to the Lac Simon recreational center during the summer.
Municipalities along Route 321 (Papineau).
Papineau Regional County Municipality
Municipalities along Route 321 (Antoine-Labelle).
Antoine-Labelle Regional County Municipality
<br>
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2917111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917111" title="Japanese ironclad Kongō">
Japanese ironclad Kongō

Design and description.
During the brief Japanese occupation of Taiwan in 1874, tensions heightened between China and Japan, and the possibility of war impressed on the Japanese government the need to reinforce its navy. The following year the government placed an order for the armored frigate and the "Kongō"-class corvettes "Kongō" and "Hiei"—with British shipyards as no Japanese shipyard was able to build ships of this size. All three ships were designed by British naval architect Sir Edward Reed, 
The contract for "Kongō" was awarded to Earle's Shipbuilding and Engineering Co. in Hull, England on 24 September 1875 for the price of £120,750, exclusive of armament. The vessel was named for Mount Kongō. 
"Kongō" was long between perpendiculars and had a beam of . She had a forward draft of and drew aft. The ship displaced and had a crew of 22 officers and 212 enlisted men. Her hull was of composite construction with an iron framework planked with wood.
Propulsion.
"Kongō" had a single two-cylinder double-expansion horizontal return connecting-rod steam engine, driving a single propeller using steam from six cylindrical boilers. The engine was designed to produce to give the "Kongō"-class ironclads a speed of . During her sea trials on 7 December 1877, the ship reached a maximum speed of from , enough to earn the builder a bonus of £300. She carried enough coal to steam at . The ironclad was barque-rigged and had a sail area of . The ship was reboilered at Yokosuka Naval Arsenal in 1889; the new boilers proved to be less powerful during sea trials, with "Kongō" reaching a maximum speed of from . Her topmasts were removed in 1895.
Armament and armor.
"Kongō" was fitted with three Krupp rifled breech-loading (RBL) guns and six RBL Krupp guns. All of the 172-millimeter guns were positioned as chase guns, two forward and one aft. The 152-millimeter guns were mounted on the broadside. The ship also carried two short guns for use ashore or mounted on the ships' boats.
During the 1880s, the armament of the ship was reinforced with the addition of four quadruple-barreled Nordenfelt and two quintuple-barreled Nordenfelt machine guns for defense against torpedo boats. Around the same time she also received two torpedo tubes for Schwartzkopff torpedoes. The anti-torpedo boat armament was again reinforced in 1897 by the addition of a pair of 2.5-pounder Hotchkiss guns. After the end of the Russo-Japanese War, "Kongō"s armament was reduced to six ex-Russian 12-pounder guns and six 2.5-pounders.
The "Kongō"-class corvettes had a wrought-iron armor waterline belt thick amidships that tapered to at the ends of the ship.
History.
Japanese sources universally give the date for "Kongō"s keel-laying as 24 September 1875—the same as that for the awarding of the contract—but historian Hans Langerer describes this as improbable, arguing that no shipyard would order enough material to begin construction without cash in hand. "Kongō" was launched on 17 April 1877; the wife of a secretary in the Japanese Legation cut the retaining rope with a hammer and chisel. Completed in January 1878, "Kongō" sailed for Japan on 18 February under the command of a British captain and with a British crew because the IJN was not yet ready for such a long voyage. She arrived in Yokohama on 26 April and was classified as a Third Class Warship on 4 May. On 10 July a formal ceremony was held in Yokohama for the receipt of the ship that was attended by the Meiji Emperor and many senior government officials. The ship was opened for tours by the nobility, their families and invited guests for three days after the ceremony. On 14 July, the general public was allowed to tour the ship for a week.
"Kongō" hosted the Duke of Genoa when he visited Japan in late 1879. The ship was assigned to the Small Standing Fleet in 1885 and made port visits to Port Arthur and Chefoo in China and Jinsen in Korea the following year. She became a training ship in 1887 for the Kure Naval District. Together with her sister ship , "Kongō" sailed from Shinagawa, Tokyo on 13 August 1889 on a training cruise to the Mediterranean with cadets from the Imperial Japanese Naval Academy, returning on 2 February 1890. On 5 October, the sister ships departed Shinagawa for Kobe to pick up the 69 survivors of the wrecked , transporting them to their homeland at Constantinople, Turkey, on 2 January 1891, after which the ships' officers were received by Sultan Abdul Hamid II. The ships also carried a class of naval cadets on this mission. On the return voyage, the two corvettes made port at Piraeus where they were visited by King George I of Greece and his son, Crown Prince Constantine. Making stops at Alexandria, Port Said, Aden, Colombo, Singapore and Hong Kong, the sister ships arrived at Shinagawa on 10 May where "Kongō" resumed her training duties.
"Kongō" began another cadet cruise on 24 September 1892 and visited Vancouver and San Francisco. On her return voyage she stopped at Honolulu and was present during the Hawaiian Revolution of 1893. Though playing no part in the affair, she remained there to protect Japanese interests until relieved by the cruiser and reached home on 22 April. "Kongō" began another cadet cruise on 19 April 1894, but on arrival at Honolulu, transferred her cadets to the cruiser on 16 June and relieved "Takachiho" as the patrol ship. "Kongō"s tenure there was brief as she was recalled home on 5 July due to rising tensions ahead of the First Sino-Japanese War. She did not participate in the Battle of the Yalu River in September, but was present during the Battle of Weihaiwei in January–February 1895.
After the war, "Kongō" and "Hiei" alternated annual cadet training cruises, with "Kongō" making the 1896 cruise to China and Southeast Asia from 11 April to 16 September and the 1898 cruise to Australia from 17 March to 16 September. During the latter cruise, on 21 March 1898, she was re-designated as a 3rd-class coast defense ship, although she retained her training duties. " Kongō " made the 1900 cruise to Manila, Hong Kong and Australia from 21 February to 30 July and both ships made the 1902 cruise, their last, to Manila and Australia from 19 February to 25 August. "Kongō" played a minor role in the Russo-Japanese War before being reclassified as a survey ship in 1906. She was stricken from the Navy List on 20 July 1909 and sold on 20 May 1910 for scrap.

</doc>
<doc id="2917125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917125" title="St Helens Junction railway station">
St Helens Junction railway station

St Helens Junction railway station is a railway station serving St Helens, Merseyside, England. It is in Sutton, 3 miles south-west of St Helens town centre. The station is on the northern route of the Liverpool to Manchester Line, east of Liverpool Lime Street (on the former Liverpool and Manchester Railway). The station and all trains calling there are operated by Northern Rail.
History.
The station was first opened in 1833, following commencement of operations on the main Liverpool - Manchester railway and was named "Junction" because it was located at the junction of the Liverpool and Manchester Railway with the former St Helens and Runcorn Gap Railway branch to the present . That route which opened on 21 February 1833 closed to passengers in 1965 (and completely in 1989), but the name remains. The station originally had three platforms - two through lines and a bay platform on the northern side of the main building which mostly dealt with local services (this is now part of the station roadway approach and car park arrangements).
To the west of the station on the south side of the line stood the London and North Western Railway tarpaulin factory, known locally as 'the sheeting sheds', access from Monastery Lane being provided by a footbridge known as 'the pudding bag bridge', a favourite location of trainspotters in the 1950s as the steam engines of westbound trains were being fired to climb the Sutton bank with its 2.5km of 1 in 90 gradient.
The lines through the station are due to be electrified by December 2014 and will likely regain the long distance services to , and the North East that were lost when the Liverpool - York (and beyond) Transpennine trains were diverted via Warrington Central and Manchester Piccadilly in 1989.
These days, previously less important stations between Liverpool and Manchester (such as Rainhill) have greater patronage, as they serve much larger local areas of population, leaving St Helens Junction as one of the minor stations on the line, although concern has been expressed that this could be due to parking space at the station being inadequate for potential users.
Services.
On Monday to Saturday daytimes, there are three trains per hour in each direction. Trains head west to Liverpool Lime Street and east to one of Manchester Victoria, Manchester Airport or Warrington Bank Quay, with an hourly service to each.
The service to Manchester Airport calls only at Newton-le-Willows on its way to Manchester, with the Manchester Victoria trains serving all intermediate stations. The frequency drops to hourly during the evening, when most eastbound trains run to Manchester Victoria.
Sundays see an hourly service in each direction to Liverpool and to Manchester Piccadilly & Manchester Airport but no direct service to Manchester Victoria.

</doc>
<doc id="2917134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917134" title="Private Career Training Institutions Agency">
Private Career Training Institutions Agency

The Private Career Training Institutions Agency (PCTIA) is the provincial regulatory body of British Columbia, Canada responsible for accrediting private post-secondary institutions and ensuring minimum standards of quality and consumer protection. Accreditation by the PCTIA qualifies an institution to participate in provincial and federal financial assistance programs, but does not certify that an institution's courses are transferable to other institutions.
Recently the Ministry of Advanced Education announced that PCTIA has proven ineffective at regulating private institutions in British Columbia. The agency is expected to be completely disbanded by the fall of 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="2917138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917138" title="Hull, West Virginia">
Hull, West Virginia

Hull is an unincorporated community in McDowell County, West Virginia, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="2917143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917143" title="Marcel Vogel">
Marcel Vogel

Marcel Joseph Vogel (1917–1991) was a research scientist working at the IBM San Jose Research Center for 27 years. He is sometimes referred to as Dr. Vogel, although this title was based on an honorary degree, not a Ph.D.. He was also a researcher into occult theories of quartz crystals and other esoteric fields of study. The Vogel Crystal type cut was created by him.
Mainstream scientific work.
It is claimed that Vogel started his research into luminescence while he was still in his teens. This research eventually led him to publish his thesis, "Luminescence in Liquids and Solids and Their Practical Application", in collaboration with Chicago University's Dr. Peter Pringsheim in 1943.
Two years after the publication, Vogel incorporated his own company, Vogel Luminescence, in San Francisco. For the next decade the firm developed a variety of new products: fluorescent crayons, tags for insecticides, a black light inspection kit to determine the secret trackways of rodents in cellars from their urine and the psychedelic colors popular in "new age" posters. In 1957, Vogel Luminescence was sold to Ultra Violet Products and Vogel joined IBM as a full-time research scientist. He retired from IBM in 1984.
He received 32 patents for his inventions up through his tenure at IBM. Among these was the magnetic coating for the 24” hard disk drive systems still in use. His areas of expertise, besides luminescence, were phosphor technology, magnetics and liquid crystal systems.
At Vogel's February 14, 1991 funeral, IBM researcher Bernard McGinty said of him, “He made his mark because of the brilliance of his mind, his prolific ideas, and his seemingly limitless creativity.”
Esoteric and occult studies.
Vogel Cut.
He also designed the Vogel Crystal Cut, which allegedly focuses "universal life force" by concentrating it and transforming it to a higher level or vibration. Vogel crystals are said to be cut to the extremely precise angle of 51 degrees 51 minutes and 51 seconds, which is also claimed as the precise angle of the sides of the Great Pyramid of Giza. The crystal is further designed along the geometry of the Tree of Life symbol. Its design is said to have come to him in a dream.
Billy Meier UFO metal sample.
According to the book Light Years by Gary Kinder, Vogel examined a metal sample which was allegedly given to Billy Meier by extraterrestrials and marveled at its unusual properties (Vogel stated it contained the element thulium). An investigator with the Independent Investigations Group claims to have found that the element detected by Vogel was in fact aluminum and not thulium. Kinder however states in his book that the metal sample had disappeared after Vogel's analysis and was never found again.
Communication between plants.
Vogel claimed to be able to duplicate the "Backster effect" using plants as transducers for bio-energetic fields from the human mind, showing that they respond to human thought. He claimed his findings had the same effect irrespective of distance and suggested that "inverse square law does not apply to thought" (See also: Inverse square law). Vogel was a proponent of research into plant consciousness. He spurred fellow researcher Randall Fontes into furthering this work. Vogel was featured in the first episode of In Search Of... hosted by Leonard Nimoy, called "Other Voices". He gave his theories regarding the possibility of communication between plants.

</doc>
<doc id="2917144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917144" title="Balzac (band)">
Balzac (band)

Balzac (typeset as BALZAC) is a Japanese punk band formed in 1992 in Kyoto. The band was founded by singer and songwriter Hirosuke Nishiyama, who has remained the only constant member of the band since its creation. Since the beginning, Balzac was highly influenced by the sound and image of the famous horror punk band The Misfits and, especially during the very early years, Glenn Danzig's Samhain, adopting and combining the musical and visual style of both bands to create their own. The band often stays away from the "campy" horror lyrics and image found in most horror punk bands, as the lyrics by Hirosuke tend to be more like dark poetry and, though not always serious, deal with themes of darkness, loneliness and fear.
The band has gained a certain amount of recognition and exposure outside of their native country, where they are well known. Currently they have five official clothing brands (Shocker!!!, Dementia 13, Culture, XXXxxx and Balzac) with one store in Japan, plus three online stores (Shocker Webstore, Shocker World Wide and Shocker EU). They also have their own official record label called Evilegend 13 Records on which they have released EPs, singles and videos. Balzac is also well known for its toy releases, some created by the companies T.W.I.M. and Secret Base, and its extensive discography and side-projects.
The current lineup of the band consists of Hirosuke Nishiyama (vocals), Atsushi Nakagawa (guitar/chorus), Akio Imai (bass/chorus) and Takayuki Manabe (drums/digital effects/chorus). Musically the band has drawn from punk, pop, industrial and noise, across their various releases.
History.
1993-1995: The Early Years.
Astrozombies was a band from Osaka, Japan fronted by vocalist/songwriter Hirosuke Nishiyama; it was heavily influenced by the legendary Japanese rock group Gastunk. After releasing just one demo cassette, entitled "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre", Hirosuke decided to disband and started his next project, Balzac, in 1992. The name of the new band came from the famous French novelist and playwright, Honoré de Balzac. Hirosuke first came in contact with the novelist's work during junior high school; he liked how the name sounded and decided to use it. The band's first lineup consisted of Hirosuke Nishiyama on vocals, Yoritsugu "Anti" Azuchi on bass, Tetsuya on guitar and Naoki on drums. During that time the band released their first demo cassette, which was limited to 13 copies only, entitled "Scapegoat666".
In 1993, by the release of their second demo cassette, "Descent Of The Diabolos", the band went through their first lineup change. Guitarist Atsushi Nakagawa and drummer Koji replaced Tetsuya and Naoki, respectively. This new lineup went on to release the band's first single, "The Lord of the Light and of the Darkness", on their own record label, Evilegend13 Records. Over the next few years the band released four more singles, "Atom Age Vampire in 308" (on MCR), "Isolation From No. 13" (on HG Fact), "When the Fiendish Ghouls Night" (on Evilegend13 Records), and were part of some various artists compilations.
By 1995 the band managed to release their first full-length album, "The Last Men on Earth", after being signed to Alchemy Records. This would be their only release on Alchemy. Just before releasing their 3rd single, "Isolation From No. 13," the band lost its long-time bassist (and Jerry Only lookalike), Anti, as well as their drummer, H. Nishio. A long-time friend of Hirosuke's and avid Balzac fan, Akio Imai, joined the band as the new bassist. Masami sat behind the drums for the next few releases.
1997-1999: Breakout.
During 1997, when they were about to record their second full-length album, "Deep - Teenagers from Outer Space", the band once again found themselves without a drummer. They recruited another long-time friend and very experienced drummer, Futoshi Okano, to fill the spot. They would call upon him a few times over the years to help out with recordings when they found themselves without a drummer. Okano is a very technical drummer and was able to include his signature sound into the new recordings. Member swaps were not the only changes for the band happening at that time; they also became a part of Diwphalanx Records on Halloween of that year. Though not a major label, Diwphalanx Records is very well known in the indie scene throughout Japan. All subsequent major releases by the band would be on Diwphalanx Records, or on the band's own label, Evilegend13 Records.
In the year of 1998, Kill joined the band as the new drummer, while they began to gain real recognition and notoriety in the indie scene. At this moment they had caught the attention of the recently re-incarnated Misfits. Now being headed by original member and long time bassist Jerry Only, Balzac was asked to open for The Misfits when they came for their first Japanese tour. This would mark a milestone in the band's career, which would lead to much success for Balzac outside of Japan in the coming years. This year was explosive to the band, as they were playing in much larger venues and to a bigger crowd. They released a split CD with The Hate Honey, were featured on the Devilock Night video, released their own VHS, entitled "Video Deep II", and their third album, "13 Stairway - The Children of the Night". They launched a full-scale all-Japan tour to promote their album and played to sold-out crowds.
In 1999, Balzac released a split single, "Oldevils Legend of Blood", with friends and fellow Japanese rock band Sobut. They released a special 12-inch version of "Isolation From No. 13", a remixed tape as a special box set with toy industry friends, T.W.I.M (The World Is Mine) whose headquarters are in Nagoya, as well as playing on a Gastunk tribute album. On Halloween they released one of their most popular singles, "Into the Light From the 13 Dark Night", on vinyl, CD, and cassette. It would be re-recorded in many different versions over the next few years. They also released the flexi 7-inch including "Neat Neat Neat," a Damned cover. This year also marked the beginning of the band's own fan club, the Fiendish Club. Obviously modeled after The Misfits' Fiend Club, it offered fans a great way to stay in touch with the band and to receive some very rare items at the same time; it was exclusively for people living in Japan. Eventually the band would create the Fiendish Club International and the Fiendish Club Europe, exclusive versions of the original Fiendish Club for people residing outside of Japan and in Europe, respectively.
2000-2005: Expansion.
2000 saw The Misfits back touring Japan, and Balzac was there opening for them once again. Directly after, they played a string of shows with The Mad Capsule Markets. In this year there was a lot of heavy touring for the band, but they managed to release another video and the Kubrick sets. These sets included cute Medicom Toy Co. versions of the band members and their "Hands of 9 Evils" 7-inch was included in the package. Soon after, they released a figure, this time a 12-inch RAH version of the band's mascot, the Paperbag Man. In December 2000 Balzac released their next full-length album, "Zennou-Naru Musuu-No Me Ha Shi Wo Yubi Sasu". It was a concept album and sold extremely well. The album was very dark and had very strong industrial influences. Balzac opened their first retail store in Osaka, Japan during this year. "Shocker!!!" was something they had wanted to open for a long time. It is a small store where they sell their own original brand, Shocker!!!! merchandise, as well as band merchandise. Hirosuke also has his own clothing brand called "Dementia Thirteen" which is also available through the store. Most recently, they have also launched yet another clothing brand, "Culture", and are in the process of fully releasing another one called "XXXxxx".
In early 2001 the band released numerous singles, as well as a box set featuring the amazing artwork of Japanese manga artist Suehiro Maruo, which had been used on the album "Zennou-Naru Musuu no Me ha Shi wo Yubi Sasu". They also contributed a noise rock version of "Day the Earth Caught Fire" and another very catchy pop-influenced song, "The Silence of the Crows" on the "Abstruct Madness" split with Rocky and the Sweden and Delta. "The Silence of the Crows" would prove to be an instant hit with many fans. Near the end of the year the band found themselves once again without a drummer. Kill quit the band for personal reasons and was replaced by Takayuki. He had been a friend of the band's for many years and had just quit playing for the band The Batties Boys. They also opened their second retail store, Coffin, in Kyoto.
For 2002 Balzac released a split single with The Misfits. Balzac covered the songs "The Haunting" and "Don't Open 'Til Doomsday" as a medley, while The Misfits covered the Balzac's "Day the Earth Caught Fire". In April 2002 Balzac released their fifth full-length studio album. The album was a double disc set called "Terrifying! Art of Dying - The Last Men On Earth II". The first disc was mostly new material while disc two was a complete re-recording of the band's first full-length CD, "The Last Man On Earth". On Halloween the band was invited to play in New York City, USA, with The Misfits, making this the first time the band played live outside of Japan. They were received very well and would be asked back to tour the following summer.
The year of 2003 would be a huge one for the band internationally. Before touring with The Misfits, The Damned, The Dickies, and Agnostic Front, they released a maxi-single entitled "Beware of Darkness". It was included as a part of a special 4-figure toy set from Medicom Toys Co. The video for the song was recorded in the USA and was released in May 2003. There was a censored, as well as uncensored version, due to the graphic nature of the video. They also released their first USA CD, "Beyond the Darkness", on the newly founded Misfits Records. In September they released "Out Of The Light Of The 13 Dark Night" on the German label, G-Force Records.
In 2004 they released their sixth full-length album, "Came Out of the Grave". It was released in a special edition long-box with a Be@rbrick figure inside. During that summer they played a large festival with American punk rock band Rancid, and released a tour documentary about their first USA tour, "The Fiend Fest". It featured artwork by an American fan, Tony O'Farrel. They also played their first tour in Europe during the summer. The band had truly become an international success. The band also released a special limited single entitled "Zodiac Killer" under the name Zodiac and even played a special live show as the "secret" side project band. They also played a special live show playing only Misfits covers as a part of a very special live event during the Christmas holiday season.
By 2005 they released the single "D.A.R.K". Soon after they released a mini album entitled "Dark-Ism". This mini album included a song entitled "Yami no Hikari e" which had a much different sound than previous Balzac recordings. They shot a promotional video clip for the song too (released with a full-color hardcover photo history book), which was also very different from their other videos. It showed the world another side of the band that had not been explored much. This song was originally performed on stage with Hirosuke playing rhythm guitar. This year also saw the band touring Japan again for the Darkism Tour. Late in the year they played the track "Moonlight", a Buck-Tick cover for the tribute album "Parade -Respective Tracks of Buck-Tick-", as well as a version of The Damned's "Smash It Up" for a tribute to The Damned. They also released a special picture disc 7-inch with T.W.I.M where they included the new song, "(I Touched the Silence of the) Rain". This was an earlier, rough version of the song that would later be included on the "Horrorock" single, which was included with a new 12-inch Paperbag Man figure from Medicom Toys Co., which came in 2 limited colors.
2006-2008: Deep Blue & Hatred.
Balzac started out 2006 in earnest. They released their seventh full-length album, "" in March. It was coupled with a special SkullBat figure, also in 2 limited colors. The all-Japan tour began soon after. During the tour they released their first "real" best-of CD, "13 Hits From Darkism". It includes many of the band's classic songs re-recorded with all the energy of the past combined with the technical talent of the present. A huge 66-song, 2-disc, DVD set was released during the tour as well. A second, smaller-scale DVD-r of "Yami Live" from 2004 was released during the tour as well. Balzac also played two extra special shows. The first show was in Tokyo's Shimokitazawa Yaneura at the end of June to a small crowd of 138 fans. The second was on July 1 in Osaka at Osaka's Namba Bears, the small club where the band's career began. During this year the band released the album "The Deranged Mad Zombies" under the same name without giving any notice and hiding completely all traces of Balzac's connection to the album.
On November 11, Balzac released a full-length Zodiac album to end the year, "Beware On Halloween". They also played a few huge shows with the visual kei band Mucc, and put on a special year-end live event where they took the stage as both Balzac and Zodiac. In 2007 Balzac released a 6-CD set of totally re-mastered previous releases. Once again they toured Europe and the USA, just after putting on a special memorial tour in Japan commemorating the release of their re-masters set. On 2007 they released a new single, "Swallow the Dark".
In April 2008, Balzac released their 8th full-length album entitled "". It marked a return to the heavier and darker side for the band, reminiscent of some of their earlier work which was more brooding and dark. It was released in a regular edition, as well as a 666mm special edition featuring artwork by comic book artist Liam Sharp.Around the first week of December the band released " The Box Of 4 Evils", a box set containing re-recordings of the first 2 demos by the band and a couple of others songs from their early years, all of this in cassette format. On December 30, the band released a commemorative DVD/CD for the 10 years on the release of their album "13 Stairway - The Children of the Night", calling it "Live From 13 Stairway: Shelter & Fandango 1998".
2009-2012 - Paradox, Judgement Day, Deranged and 20th anniversary.
In March they released a remake of the old "One Night In Hell" Box set, with exactly the same contents the old one had but with the songs re-recorded. Also starting on March, the band released the first of twelve thematic "CD+T-shirt" sets called "Shock & Horror! Weird the Balzac". Each set will have a special T-shirt and a remix CD of a specific song and design. They will be available on the 13th of each month and will be available for buying until the release of the next set. Each song will be arranged and remixed by the band drummer, Takayuki Manabe.
Around May 2009, the band gave the first hints on the process of making their next full-length album. They also released a couple of toys, shirts, pens, mugs and other items in collaboration with the Japanese company Sanrio, more specifically their character Hello Kitty, having the famous cat donning the characteristic skullsuit that the band has made so popular.
On August 21 the band released their new full-length, a mini-album titled "Paradox". The album was fully produced by Takeshi Ueda of The Mad Capsule Markets fame. Balzac and The Mad Capsule Markets have had a close relationship for over 13 years and finally they had a chance to collaborate on this very special release. Takeshi has not only fully produced the entire mini-album, he has also done all the programming and recording arrangement. The album presents the established Balzac's horror punk tunes with the addition of their characteristic digital hardcore style, now present on the whole album. The band has come to refer to this sound as a "new digital horror punk sound". The mini-album was released along a single, in vinyl format, and a special Box Set release. The European release of the album is being expected for October 16, this version will include a bonus DVD titled "Hatred Lies Deep Inside" which was previously released and has a full Promotional Video for every song on the album "Hatred: Construction = Destruction".
Then, on December 11, 2009 the band released a 44-track, double disc CD ´Best-of´ album entitled ´Complete Legacy of Evilegend: The Best of Balzac´. Many of the tracks have been re-recorded or re-worked.
2010 also proved to be a busy year for Balzac. In March Balzac played two shows, for the first time ever, in Taiwan. A nation-wide tour of Japan with GNz-WORD was also completed. A split single with RADIOTS which included cover versions of the MISFITS’ classics, “Astrozombies” and “I Turned Into a Martian” was released in September. As well, a new full-length album entitled “JUDGEMENT DAY” released on October 6. BAKI, from the legendary Japanese rock band, GASTUNK does guest vocals on Balzac’s cover of the GASTUNK song “Red Indians Rock”. A Tour supporting the album is planned.
In January 2011 Balzac released their second “best-of” CD entitled “Complete Legacy of Horror: The Best of Balzac II”, alongside three special CD releases: ‘Psycho Night’, ‘Dark Night’ and ‘Black Night’. In March the band toured with New Rote’ka, and released a special limited edition set through Shocker to commemorate the tour. On August 27 Balzac played a special Fiendish Club ‘One Man’ show called “Dirty Black Summer” and released the DVD ‘Complete Legacy of Atom-Age Vampire: The Films of Balzac’. Around this time Hirosuke also did some vocals on the song ‘We’re Not Alone’, a track by AA=/Mad Capsule Markets fame, Takeshi Ueda. Many indie rock band-members took part in the recording (and music video) that was used to raise money for the aid of those affected by the horrific Earthquake and Tsunami that had hit Japan earlier in the year. In the fall a new maxi-single, ‘Deranged’ was announced and released on December 7.
2012 marked the 20th Anniversary of Balzac. To celebrate many special release and live performances are in the works. A release of their first 7-inch single, ‘Lord of the Light and of the Darkness’, their 2nd 7-inch, ‘Atom-Age Vampire in 308′, and the ‘One Night in Hell’ cassette box will be released for the 1st time even on CD, newly remastered. These CD’s were available during their 20th Anniversary Tour in January, February and March. In March, They Re-Released these 3 Singles again on 7" Picture Disc. In July they announced a New Live DVD entitled "20120310 SHIMOKITAZAWA SHELTER – DERANGED TOUR 2012".
In January, Balzac announced their 10th album entitled "BLACKOUT" which has one single so far ("The Bleeding Black") and is slated for a March 8, 2013 Release date. On February 10, they released the PV for "The Bleeding Black" and 12 days later released the PV for "Hell Rising"
Side-Projects.
Apart from the main band, Balzac is also well known in the scene for their multiple side-projects, which mainly consist of the same members of the band playing in a different style or under a specific theme.
Zodiac.
The origins of this band date to 2004, when Balzac first released a CD entitled "Zodiac Killer" under the name of Zodiac and by playing live events under that name too. Both the name and lyrics of the band, as well as the merchandise, are based on the famous North American serial killer known as the Zodiac Killer. This cold-blooded assassin gained much recognition for his cruel killings and encrypted letters that he sent both to the police and newspapers. He was never caught. In 2006 the band created the Zodiac Fan Club (Z.F.C.), an off-shoot of the Fiendish Club dedicated to the new band and only available for Japanese residents. They also released the first and so far only full-length album, "Beware On Halloween". The musical style of Zodiac's songs have the same sound and style as old Balzac songs during that band's first years of existence. As they do with Balzac, the band has also released toys and clothing under Zodiac's name and image.
Recently the band decided to release yet another Box release under this name. The Box package known as "Zodiac Is Alive" contained a couple of t-shirts and other Zodiac goodies plus a new Zodiac recording, a 2 track single CD, "Death Waltz/Seventeen", and a split cassette between Zodiac and The Deranged Mad Zodiac, the later being a Zodiac version of their also parallel band, The Deranged Mad Zombies.
The Deranged Mad Zombies.
The Deranged Mad Zombies, like Zodiac, is a band composed of the same members of Balzac; it first appeared in 2006. The name came from various influences of singer/songwriter Hirosuke. "Deranged" comes from the title of one of his favorite movies. "Mad" derives from the name of one of his favorite Japanese bands, the Mad Capsule Markets. "Zombies" is taken from The Misfits song "Astrozombies". More than a side-project, this band is an experiment by the band members who felt like doing it just for fun. All the songs released under this name are in fact Balzac songs, mixed down rougher and trashier, giving each song more of a lo-fi and under-produced sound. For the full-length album the band launched under this moniker, they kept their identities hidden using nicknames and showing no track list or band photo on the package. Only 20 copies of the self-titled CD were pre-ordered before the fans found that this was in fact Balzac in disguise. So far the band has released two more albums and one official bootleg under this name.
728 Misfits: Naniwa Misfits.
728 Misfits, also known as Naniwa Misfits, is a Misfits cover band formed by Balzac. This is the less known side-project of the band and the only one without any official releases. So far Balzac has kept this band only for special and rare live events, without any known plans to release any singles or albums using this alter-ego. Peer-to-peer programs around the Internet have circulated a bootleg containing a rehearsal of this band, as well as a bootleg video of their famous live event at Molotov Club in Hamburg, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="2917155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917155" title="Commodore LCD">
Commodore LCD

The Commodore LCD (sometimes known in short as the CLCD) was an LCD-equipped laptop made by Commodore International. It was presented at the January 1985 Consumer Electronics Show, but never released. The CLCD was not directly compatible with other Commodore home computers, but its built-in Commodore BASIC 3.6 interpreter could run programs written in the Commodore 128's BASIC 7.0, as long as these programs didn't include system-specific POKE commands. Like the Commodore 264 and Radio Shack TRS-80 Model 100 series computers, the CLCD had several ROM-based office application programs. 
The CLCD featured a 2 MHz Rockwell 65C102 CPU (a CMOS 6502 variant) and 32 KB of RAM. The BASIC interpreter and application programs were built into 96 KB of ROM.

</doc>
<doc id="2917156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917156" title="Officer of the deck">
Officer of the deck

Officer of the deck (OOD) is a position in the United States Navy and United States Coast Guard that confers certain authority and responsibility. The officer of the deck on a ship is the direct representative of the captain, having responsibility for the ship.
Overview.
In port, the OOD is stationed on the quarterdeck, with a qualified petty officer manning the brow. The petty officer manning the brow is called the petty officer of the watch, or POOW. The POOW is in the position of managing who comes and goes, as well as security.
At sea, the officer of the deck is stationed on the bridge and is in charge of navigation and safety of the ship, unless relieved by the captain or a senior qualified line officer. The officer of the deck is assisted by the junior officer of the deck, who is in the process of qualifying as full officer of the deck, and the conning officer, who is also training to become an OOD, but is directly responsible for the maneuvering of the ship. The following positions also assist the officer of the deck on the bridge: boatswain's mate of the watch (BMOW), quartermaster of the watch (QMOW), and signalman of the watch (SMOW).
Responsibilities under way.
The following is a list of the OOD's primary duties as prescribed by the "Standard Organization and Regulations" of the United States Navy, OPNAVINST 3120.32
Relieving the OOD.
There is also a very formal method for relieving the officer of the deck.
Assume that Lieutenant Smith is the officer of the deck and Lieutenant Doe is his replacement. Lieutenant Doe will check into the Combat Information Center (CIC) to determine any necessary actions that will be expected to occur during the watch, check the navigational track, read any orders, and determine the position of all nearby ships. After this is complete, Lieutenant Doe will state to Lieutenant Smith, "I am ready to relieve you, sir." Lieutenant Smith states, "I am ready to be relieved." He will then brief Lieutenant Doe on any additional information that the replacement should be made aware of, reconfirming the information that Lieutenant Doe has previously gained on his own. When Lieutenant Doe is fully satisfied, he then states, "I relieve you, sir." Lieutenant Smith then states, "I stand relieved. Attention in the pilot house (or bridge), Lieutenant Doe has the deck." An exchange of hand salutes would also be appropriate, depending on the ship. Lieutenant Doe would then announce, "This is Lieutenant Doe, I have the deck." (The use of the term sir in the manner indicated occurs without regard to the actual ranks held by the officers.)
Typically, the junior officer of the deck has the conn, (i.e. control of the engines and rudder). The junior officer of the deck is relieved in a similar manner. The deck and or the conn may be assumed by the captain, simply by announcing the fact or by issuing an order to the helmsman or lee helmsman. For example, the captain may state, "I have the deck and the conn," or "I have the conn," or "Right full rudder, all ahead flank." In the latter case, someone (ordinarily the junior officer of the deck) in the pilot house (or bridge) will announce, "The captain has the conn." The conn may also be passed to someone else, for a particular purpose. While the captain may assume the conn, the officer of the deck may order the junior officer of the deck to pass him the conn, "Ensign Pulver, pass me the conn." Ensign Pulver will then state, "This is Ensign Pulver, Lieutenant Doe has the deck and the conn." Lieutenant Doe then announces, "This is Lieutenant Doe, I have the deck and the conn." In an emergency, the officer of the deck can, if he so chooses, assume the conn by announcing, for example, "This is Lieutenant Doe, I have the conn. Hard right rudder, all engines ahead flank." However, in most ships, during normal underway operations, it is generally considered "poor form" to request the JOOD to pass the conn, as a good OOD would be expected to direct the JOOD without the necessity of assuming the conn himself. Thus, the distinction between having the "deck" and having the "conn" remains.
These changes in status are marked down in the ship's log.

</doc>
<doc id="2917157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917157" title="Ireland, West Virginia">
Ireland, West Virginia

Ireland is an unincorporated community in Lewis County, West Virginia, United States. The community was named for Andrew Wilson, its first settler, who was from Ireland.
Ireland is also the American home of the sport of Irish Road Bowling.
Climate.
The climate in this area has mild differences between highs and lows, and there is adequate rainfall year round. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Ireland has a marine west coast climate, abbreviated "Cfb" on climate maps.

</doc>
<doc id="2917162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917162" title="Roy's identity">
Roy's identity

Roy's identity (named for French economist René Roy) is a major result in microeconomics having applications in consumer choice and the theory of the firm. The lemma relates the ordinary (Marshallian) demand function to the derivatives of the indirect utility function. Specifically, where formula_1 is the indirect utility function, then the Marshallian demand function for good formula_2 can be calculated as:
where formula_4 is the price vector of goods and formula_5 is income. 
Derivation of Roy's identity.
Roy's identity reformulates Shephard's lemma in order to get a Marshallian demand function for an individual and a good (formula_2) from some indirect utility function.
The first step is to consider the trivial identity obtained by substituting the expenditure function for wealth or income formula_5 in the indirect utility function formula_8, at a utility of formula_9:
This says that the indirect utility function evaluated in such a way that minimizes the cost for achieving a certain utility given a set of prices (a vector formula_11) is equal to that utility when evaluated at those prices.
Taking the derivative of both sides of this equation with respect to the price of a single good formula_12 (with the utility level held constant) gives:
Rearranging gives the desired result:
Alternative Proof for the Differentiable Case.
There is a simpler proof of Roy's Identity, stated for the two-good case for simplicity.
The indirect utility function formula_15 is the maximand of the constrained optimization problem characterized by the following Lagrangian:
By the envelope Theorem, the derivatives of the maximand formula_15 with respect to the parameters can be computed as such:
where formula_20 is the maximizer (i.e. the Marshallian demand function for good 1). Simple arithmetic then gives Roy's Identity:
Application.
This gives a method of deriving the Marshallian demand function of a good for some consumer from the indirect utility function of that consumer. It is also fundamental in deriving the Slutsky equation.

</doc>
<doc id="2917163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917163" title="Bill Athey">
Bill Athey

Charles William Jeffrey Athey (born 27 September 1957, Middlesbrough, Yorkshire, England) is a retired English first-class cricketer, who played for England, and first class cricket for Gloucestershire, Yorkshire and Sussex; he also played a solitary one-day game for Worcestershire. His bulldog spirit was exemplified by the Union Jack tattooed on his arm. He played in 23 Test matches between 1980 and 1988, but scored more than 50 runs only five times in 41 innings. In 1990, Athey joined the rebel tour to South Africa.
Life and career.
He made his debut for his native Yorkshire in 1976, before moving to Gloucestershire in 1984. He captained the side in 1989, and scored four hundreds in successive innings while there. In 1993, he moved to Sussex, and passed the increasingly rare landmark of 25,000 first class runs when he made an unbeaten century against Somerset in 1997.
At the end of that season he joined Worcestershire as coach, having 'retired' from playing, though in spite of his status he did play several times for the Second XI and once (in 1999) in a National League game. He left New Road at the end of 2000. He played 467 first class matches and batted 784 times with 71 not outs. He scored 25,453 first-class runs, with a best of 184, at an average of 35.69, with 55 centuries and 126 fifties. He took 429 catches, and 2 stumpings on his rare ventures behind the stumps. In 459 List A one-day matches, he scored 13,240 runs, with a top score of 142 not out at an average of 33.86, scoring 12 centuries, 89 fifties, and taking 171 catches and one stumping. He also played Minor Counties cricket for Suffolk.
He was a middle order batsman by inclination, but found greatest success at Test level as an opener. Selected for the 1986/87 tour of Australia as middle order cover, he ended up opening in all five Tests with Chris Broad. His top score was 96 in Perth. In the 1987 summer, he was initially meant to revert to the middle order, but an injury to Broad meant that he opened in the first Test with Tim Robinson. However, in the second Test he reverted to number three, and made his only Test hundred at Lord's. 
He missed only one of twenty Test matches from 1986 to 1988. Nevertheless, his 23 Test appearances were spread over eight years. He made his debut in the Centenary Test at Lord's in 1980, and eight years later appeared in the Bicentennial Test in Sydney, along with fellow survivors John Emburey and Mike Gatting. 
Although never thought of as a one-day player, Athey hit two centuries in One Day Internationals, and top-scored for England before being run out in their Cricket World Cup final defeat against Australia at Calcutta in 1987. He was suspended for playing in South Africa in 1990, but the suspension was remitted two years later when South Africa rejoined the world game.
Athey now works at Dulwich College school in South London, as the First XI Cricket Coach. He also takes the Second XI football team, and is house master of Old Blew, one of the four Dulwich College boarding houses.

</doc>
<doc id="2917166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917166" title="Ian Wilson (politician)">
Ian Wilson (politician)

Ian Bonython Cameron Wilson AM (2 May 1932 – 2 April 2013), solicitor, company director and Australian politician, was born in Adelaide, South Australia, the son of Sir Keith Wilson, a prominent United Australia Party and Liberal Party politician. His mother, Elizabeth, (Lady Betty Wilson CBE), was a granddaughter of Sir John Langdon Bonython, owner of "The Advertiser" and a member of the first federal House of Representatives, and a great-granddaughter of Sir John Cox Bray, South Australia's first native-born premier.
Wilson was educated at St Peter's College and Adelaide University, where he graduated in law, and at Magdalen College, Oxford (S.A. Rhodes Scholar 1955), where he did a higher law degree. He was a solicitor and company director before entering politics.
In 1966, Wilson was elected to the House of Representatives for the Adelaide seat of Sturt, which his father had held with one break since 1949. It was considered a fairly safe Liberal seat, but at the 1969 election there was a strong swing to Labor in South Australia, and Wilson was unexpectedly defeated by Norm Foster, a waterside worker. In the 1972 election, after spending a great deal of family money, Wilson regained the seat, and thereafter held it without difficulty for over 20 years.
Wilson was typical of upper-class South Australian Liberals in being relatively moderate on most issues. He was a serious Anglican and active in many charitable and social welfare groups. This did not make him popular with the more conservative wing of the party. When the Liberals came to power under Malcolm Fraser in 1975, he was passed over for the ministry, in favour of the more conservative John McLeay.
In 1981 McLeay was dropped from the ministry and Wilson was appointed Minister for Home Affairs and the Environment. In 1982 he was shifted to Aboriginal Affairs, a notoriously unpopular portfolio in Liberal governments. He held this position until the defeat of the Liberal government in 1983. He was not included in the Opposition Shadow Ministry after the elections, and remained as a backbencher. He retired at the 1993 election, after losing Liberal pre-selection to Christopher Pyne.
Wilson died in Adelaide on 2 April 2013, aged 80.

</doc>
<doc id="2917172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917172" title="Israel, West Virginia">
Israel, West Virginia

Israel is an unincorporated community in Preston County, West Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="2917174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917174" title="A rising tide lifts all boats">
A rising tide lifts all boats

The aphorism "a rising tide lifts all boats" is associated with the idea that improvements in the general economy will benefit all participants in that economy, and that economic policy, particularly government economic policy, should therefore focus on the general macroeconomic environment first and foremost. The phrase is commonly attributed to John F Kennedy, who used it in a 1963 speech to combat criticisms that a dam project he was inaugurating was a pork barrel project. However the phrase has been used more commonly to defend tax cuts and other policies where the initial beneficiaries are high income earners.
Origins.
In his memoir "Counselor: A Life At The Edge Of History", Kennedy's speechwriter Ted Sorensen reveals that the phrase was not one of his or the president’s own fashioning. It was in his first year working for Kennedy (during JFK’s tenure in the Senate), when Mr. Sorensen was trying to tackle economic problems in New England, that he happened upon the phrase. He writes that he noticed that “the regional chamber of commerce, the New England Council, had a thoughtful slogan: ‘A rising tide lifts all the boats.’” From then on, JFK would borrow the slogan often. Sorensen highlights this as an example of quotes mistakenly attributed to President Kennedy.
Meaning.
The expression also applies to free-market policies, in that comparative-advantage production and subsequent trade would theoretically increase incomes for all participating entities. It is said to be a favorite proverb of former U.S. Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin. However, Gene Sperling, Bill Clinton’s former economic advisor, has opined that, in the absence of appropriate policies 'the rising tide will lift some boats, but others will run aground'.
The substantive aspect of the statement is that economic growth which raises the GDP of the entire economy will also raise the incomes of "all" of the individuals within the economy. However, not all industries track the overall economy, and the creative destruction process of capitalism requires inefficient industries to yield to more efficient industries. For the aphorism to be strictly true, one would never expect to see a 'going out of business' sign during a rising economy. There are many examples in economic history in which an increase in GDP per capita did not raise the incomes of large groups of individuals in the society. According to the US Census, the real per-capita GDP in the United States increased by 71% between 1980 and 2006, but median household income increased by less than 20%. Between 1960 and 1980, the top 1% in the United States took home less than 10% of all U.S. income. In 2006, the best paid 1% took home 20.3%.

</doc>
<doc id="2917185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917185" title="The Young Girls of Rochefort">
The Young Girls of Rochefort

The Young Girls of Rochefort (; literally "The Young Ladies of Rochefort") is a 1967 French musical film written and directed by Jacques Demy, starring Catherine Deneuve, her sister Françoise Dorléac, Jacques Perrin, Michel Piccoli, Danielle Darrieux, George Chakiris, Grover Dale and Gene Kelly. The choreography was by Norman Maen.
Michel Legrand composed the score, to Demy's lyrics. The most famous songs from this film score, which is generally less acclaimed than that for "The Umbrellas of Cherbourg", are "A Pair of Twins" ("Chanson des Jumelles" in French) and "You Must Believe in Spring" ("Chanson de Maxence"). The film was nominated for Academy Awards for Best Original Score (Original or Adaptation). The film was also another big success for Demy in France with a total of 1,319,432 admissions.
Plot summary.
"The Young Girls of Rochefort" takes place over the course of one weekend in the seaside town of Rochefort, where a fair is coming to the town square. The story centers on twin sisters Delphine (Deneuve) and Solange (Dorléac) — Delphine teaches ballet classes and Solange gives music lessons for a living, but each longs to find her ideal love and a life outside of Rochefort. When the fair comes to town, Delphine and Solange meet two smooth-talking but kind-hearted carnies, Étienne (George Chakiris) and Bill (Grover Dale). 
The twins' mother Yvonne (Danielle Darrieux) owns a café in the center of town, and pines for a fiancé she left impulsively ten years prior due to his embarrassing last name of "Dame." Yvonne's café becomes a central hub for Étienne and Bill as well as most of the other characters in the film. In the café, Yvonne meets a sailor about to be demobbed from the navy, Maxence (Jacques Perrin). Maxence is a poet and painter, and is searching for his true feminine ideal. Little does Yvonne know, her former fiancé, Simon Dame (Michel Piccoli), has recently opened a music store in Rochefort. He knows his fiancée had twins from a previous relationship, but he never met them. Solange, an aspiring songwriter, enlists the help of Simon Dame (she is unaware of his relationship with her mother), who promises to introduce her to his successful American colleague Andy Miller (Gene Kelly). As Solange is on her way to pick up her younger brother BouBou from school, she happens to bump into a charming foreigner, who turns out to be Andy. However, the two do not exchange names.
Meanwhile, Delphine is unhappy in her relationship with the egotistical gallery owner Guillaume (Jacques Riberolles), so she ends the relationship. In the gallery, as she is about to leave, Delphine notices a painting that looks remarkably like her. The image was in fact painted by Maxence. Back in the square, the two female dancers in Étienne and Bill's show run off with sailors, so they ask Delphine and Solange to perform, offering them a free ride to Paris in return. On the day of the fair, the paths of all of the characters cross again at the town square and in Yvonne's café.

</doc>
<doc id="2917191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917191" title="Fine Living Network">
Fine Living Network

Fine Living Network (also known as FLN or Fine Living) was an American and international specialty television network owned by Scripps Networks Interactive. Founded in 2002 in Los Angeles, California, it was announced in October 2005 that its headquarters would move to Knoxville, Tennessee to be with sister network HGTV.
Foreign Versions.
From September 3, 2004 to October 19, 2009, a Canadian version of FLN was broadcast under the name Fine Living. It was replaced by a Canadian version of DIY Network.
From March 26, 2014, an Italian version of FLN is broadcast under the name Fine Living.
Rebrand to Cooking Channel.
In October 2009, it was announced that Fine Living Network would be rebranded as Cooking Channel, with content similar to sister channel Food Network. The original plan was to implement the change in the fall of 2010, but it was later announced that the switch was being moved up to happen on May 31, 2010 to coincide with Memorial Day.

</doc>
<doc id="2917192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917192" title="Jacksonville, West Virginia">
Jacksonville, West Virginia

Jacksonville is an unincorporated community in Lewis County, West Virginia, United States. Its altitude is 1,079 feet (329 m), and it is located at (38.8909305, -80.4920339).

</doc>
<doc id="2917193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917193" title="Richard David Muir">
Richard David Muir

Sir Richard David Muir (1857–1924) was a prosecutor for the British Crown, widely regarded as the greatest of his time; he played a prominent role in many of the most sensational trials of the early part of the 20th century, most notably that of Hawley Harvey Crippen.
Muir was born in Scotland, the son of Richard Muir, a shipping broker from Greenock. Although his father hoped him to be part of the family business, he travelled south to London, with thoughts of going on the stage. Instead, a brother persuaded him to become a barrister, which he funded himself by working as a Parliamentary reporter for "The Times". After entering chambers he starting working for the Crown as a prosecutor. While he never "took silk" (that is, appointed as a King's Counsel) he represented the Crown in every trial of note in the Old Bailey from 1901 until his death.
Muir was known to be hard working with little need for conviviality. He usually spent half the night preparing for his cases, making notations on small cards with coloured pencils — one colour for examination in chief, one colour for cross examination, and so on. So ubiquitous were those cards that came to be known as Muir's "playing cards". He was rightfully feared by his clerks and officers from Scotland Yard who gathered his evidence from him, for he asked the same thoroughness from them as from himself. He depended a lot from physical evidence, while giving eyewitness testimony little credence, except if it would bolster existing, more concrete evidence.
Such was his reputation for thoroughness and diligence that when Dr. Crippen learned that his prosecutor was Richard Muir, he remarked, "I wish it had been anybody else... I fear the worst." Muir's cross examination of Dr.Crippen became standard reading material for Bar students in England and Wales and was used to illustrate advocacy skills in general.
Because he was never appointed as King's Counsel, Muir was not eligible to become a judge of the King's Bench Division. He was, however, eligible to become a Recorder. Although he was passed over the position of Recorder of London, he was appointed as Recorder of Colchester by the then Home Secretary, Winston Churchill, in particular because of his work in the Edward Mylius libel case. He was a Master of the Bench of the Middle Temple and was conferred his knighthood in 1918.
Sir Richard married Mary Beatrice Leycester and they had a son who also became a barrister, but who died on 4 November 1918 of influenza while on active service in the Army. His son's death left him heartbroken. Muir himself died suddenly in January 1924 in his house in Camden House Court, Kensington and he was interred in West Norwood Cemetery after a service at St Mary Abbots, Kensington.

</doc>
<doc id="2917197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917197" title="Cyd Adams">
Cyd Adams

Cydney W. "Cyd" Adams (1949–2005) was an American poet and academic. Known for his masterful command of imagery and language in his works, his writing is sometimes looked upon as a successor to the work of Dylan Thomas, who was one of Adams' chief influences. Adams portrayed his background as an East Texas farmer and his passion for hard physical labor into his writing. Adams had a masterly, elegant way of writing about the trials and tribulations of the common working man. His depictions of East Texas and its people earned him the title of Poet Laureate of East Texas in 2001, and many of his poems are acknowledged as some of the best poetry written in any language. Adams was also a professor of English and literature at his alma mater, Stephen F. Austin State University in Nacogdoches, Texas, for nearly 30 years. His passion for teaching and his friendships with many of his colleagues were also recurring themes in his work. 
Much of Adams' work has been featured in literary magazines and in anthologies, and in the late 1990s, Adams began a creative partnership with his close friend and colleague Charles Jones, an art professor at SFA. The partnership resulted in the award-winning book "Blackjack Bull Pine and Post-Oak Glade." Some of his other books include "On the Perimeter" and "The Labor That a Man Takes." All of his publications are included in the Oxford University Library.
Passion for teaching, family, and friendships were recurring themes in his work. He motivated and encouraged students to have high standards. He taught in a way that inspired them to love the material the way he loved it. Above all, he cared about his students and wanted them to learn. It never failed to disappoint him that some were simply not interested.
Adams was a person of great artistic ability and creativity. In addition to writing, he was a woodcarver, sculptor, bricklayer, and a talented gardener and farmer, who brought skill and care to everything he did. He found solace in the rhythm of swimming, which cleared his mind and allowed him to “hear” some of his best lines of poetry. 
He was a talented and unique artist as well as a sincere, sensitive, and beautiful soul. He had a great passion for people and literature. He invested himself totally in both. 
Cyd Adams Adams died in May 2005 in Nacogdoches. He is buried in the historic Harmony Hill Cemetery in Rusk County, Texas, where his striking monument is engraved with his own epitaph:
Let the land lose my name but 
witness with affection the 
reverence of my fingers, 
caresses of my hand. 
Let God who pressed me of it 
accept my work as 
my faith, my prayer, 
and let it stand.
One of Adams' best-known poems is sometimes titled either “July Wall Poem” or “Mason’s Man” and is a tribute to his father, W.T. Adams. 
“The Mason’s Man”*
Cyd Adams
"IT was just about my life ago;
"You were Mason to a Wall, young and strong and angry, cursing the mortar dry,
"The stones to set sooner, eager to scaffold up
"Then I came along.
"And then, we worked on the Wall, 
"I and you, 
"I for you, 
"Though at times we were one to a side.
"I mixed the mortar, barrowed it to you,
"Set up stones for you to lay;
"I followed the crease in your trouser knee, the imprint of your boot;
"Watching you work in wonder:
"Your trowel was fascination—your hammer precision’s portrait--
"And I raked your joints reverently, 
"Dreaming of my day
"And dreaming away my day,
"And so . . . 
"You are the Wall’s Mason
"I the Mason’s Man;
"We work together silently
"I in your shadow;
"Often you turn and smile at me, 
"And at rare moments speak.
"I am learning to listen
"I pray someday to see
"And the Wall grows.
"You are the Wall’s Mason
"I the Mason’s Man,
"You fit the fieldstones firmly, set them tight and straight;
"And the Wall grows
"Marches toward God to the blood-steady beat of mud-hoe in mortar-box,
"To the haughty tune of hammer and trowel.
"You are the Wall’s Mason
"I the Mason’s Man,
"And I harbor a hatred for its growing height;
"I have come to fear its finish.
"For what shall I do? . . . 
"Upon Whom Call?
"Left without the Mason when he finishes his Wall?
"I shall be directionless
"A Man without his Master;
"Merely a Mover of Stones—to and fro . . .
"You are the Wall’s Mason
"I the Mason’s Man,
"You curse less often now . . . lay up stones more slowly;
"But your trowel is mortar-laden; another stone is poised; 
"And soon . . . 
"Too soon . . . 
"Fixed and Firm and Final.
"I am raking out the joints now . . . brushing down the stones.
"You are just beyond the corner; 
"Your trowel is tinkling as you strike it mortar-free.
"I tune my movements to it
"Hasten to catch up to you,
"And trust that you’ll be waiting for me,
"Waiting, still patiently just on the other side.
"But the morning mists have burned away;
"We have seen, too, through the dust;
A"nd though we race with midday,
"I pray we dawdle t’ward the dusk."

</doc>
<doc id="2917198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917198" title="Neuropsychopharmacology">
Neuropsychopharmacology

Neuropsychopharmacology (from Greek , "neuron", "nerve"; , "psyche", "mind", "soul"; , "pharmakon", "poison in classic Greek; drug in modern Greek" and the suffix , "-logia", "study of") is an interdisciplinary science related to psychopharmacology (how drugs affect the mind) and fundamental neuroscience. It entails research of mechanisms of neuropathology, pharmacodynamics (drug action), psychiatric illness, and states of consciousness. These studies are instigated at the detailed level involving neurotransmission/receptor activity, bio-chemical processes, and neural circuitry. Neuropsychopharmacology supersedes psychopharmacology in the areas of "how" and "why", and additionally addresses other issues of brain function. Accordingly, the clinical aspect of the field includes "psychiatric" (psychoactive) as well as "neurologic" (non-psychoactive) pharmacology-based treatments.
Developments in neuropsychopharmacology may directly impact the studies of anxiety disorders, affective disorders, psychotic disorders, degenerative disorders, eating behavior, and sleep behavior.
The way fundamental processes of the brain are being discovered is creating a field on par with other “hard sciences” such as chemistry, biology, and physics, so that eventually it may be possible to repair mental illness with ultimate precision. An analogy can be drawn between the brain and an electronic device: neuropsychopharmacology is tantamount to revealing not only the schematic diagram, but the individual components, and every principle of their operation. The bank of amassed detail and complexity involved is huge; mere samples of some of the details are given in this article.
History.
Drugs such as opium, alcohol, and certain plants have been used for millennia by humans to ease suffering or change awareness, but until the modern scientific era nobody knew how these substances worked. The first half of the 20th century saw psychology and psychiatry as largely phenomenological, in that behaviors or themes which were observed in patients could often be correlated to a limited variety of factors such as childhood experience, inherited tendencies, or injury to specific brain areas. Models of mental function and dysfunction were based on such observations. Indeed, the behavioral branch of psychology dispensed altogether with what actually happened inside the brain, regarding most mental dysfunction as what could be dubbed as "software" errors. In the same era, the nervous system was progressively being studied at the microscopic and chemical level, but there was virtually no mutual benefit with clinical fields - until several developments after World War II began to bring them together. Neuropsychopharmacology may be regarded to have begun in the earlier 1950s with the discovery of drugs such as MAO inhibitors, tricyclic antidepressants, thorazine and lithium which showed some clinical specificity for mental illnesses such as depression and schizophrenia. Until that time, treatments that actually targeted these complex illnesses were practically non-existent. The prominent methods which "could" directly affect brain circuitry and neurotransmitter levels were the pre-frontal lobotomy, and electroconvulsive therapy, the latter of which was conducted without muscle relaxants which often caused the patient great physical injury.
The field now known as neuropsychopharmacology has resulted from the growth and extension of many previously isolated fields which have met at the core of psychiatric medicine, and engages a broad range of professionals from psychiatrists to researchers in genetics and chemistry. The use of the term has gained popularity since 1990 with the founding of several journals and institutions such as the "Hungarian College of Neuropsychopharmacology". This rapidly maturing field shows some degree of flux, as research hypotheses are often restructured based on new information.
Overview.
An implicit premise in neuropsychopharmacology with regard to the psychological aspects is that all states of mind, including both normal and drug-induced altered states, and diseases involving mental or cognitive dysfunction, have a neuro-chemical basis at the fundamental level, and certain circuit pathways in the central nervous system at a higher level. (See also: Neuron doctrine) Thus the understanding of nerve cells or neurons in the brain is central to understanding the mind. It is reasoned that the mechanisms involved can be elucidated through modern clinical and research methods such as genetic manipulation in animal subjects, imaging techniques such as "functional magnetic resonance imaging" (fMRI), and "in vitro" studies using selective binding agents on live tissue cultures. These allow neural activity to be monitored and measured in response to a variety of test conditions. Other important observational tools include radiological imaging such as "positron emission tomography" (PET) and "single-photon emission computed tomography" (SPECT). These imaging techniques are extremely sensitive and can image tiny molecular concentrations on the order of 10−10 M such as found with extrastriatal D1 receptor for dopamine.
One of the ultimate goals is to devise and develop prescriptions of treatment for a variety of neuro-pathological conditions and psychiatric disorders. More profoundly, though, the knowledge gained may provide insight into the very nature of human thought, mental abilities like learning and memory, and perhaps consciousness itself. A direct product of neuropsychopharmacological research is the knowledge base required to develop drugs which act on very specific receptors within a neurotransmitter system. These "hyperselective-action" drugs would allow the direct targeting of specific sites of relevant neural activity, thereby maximizing the efficacy (or technically the "potency") of the drug within the clinical target and minimizing adverse effects.
The groundwork is currently being paved for the next generation of pharmacological treatments which will improve quality of life with increasing efficiency. For example, contrary to previous thought, it is now known that the adult brain does to some extent grow new neurons - the study of which, in addition to neurotrophic factors, may hold hope for neuro-degenerative diseases like Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, ALS, and types of chorea. All of the proteins involved in neurotransmission are a small fraction of the more than 100,000 proteins in the brain. Thus there are many proteins which are not even in the direct path of signal transduction, any of which may still be a target for specific therapy. At present, novel pharmacological approaches to diseases or conditions are reported at a rate of almost one per week.
Neurotransmission.
So far as we know, everything we perceive, feel, think, know, and do are a result of neurons firing and resetting. When a cell in the brain fires, small chemical and electrical swings called the action potential may affect the firing of as many as a thousand other neurons in a process called neurotransmission. In this way signals are generated and carried through networks of neurons, the bulk electrical effect of which can be measured directly on the scalp by an EEG device.
By the last decade of the 20th century, the essential knowledge of all the central features of neurotransmission had been gained. These features are:
The more recent advances involve understanding at the organic molecular level; biochemical action of the endogenous ligands, enzymes, receptor proteins, etc. The critical changes affecting cell firing occur when the signalling neurotransmitters from one neuron, acting as ligands, bind to receptors of another neuron. Many neurotransmitter systems and receptors are well known, and research continues toward the identification and characterization of a large number of very specific sub-types of receptors. For the six more important neurotransmitters Glu, GABA, Ach, NE, DA, and 5HT (listed at "neurotransmitter") there are at least 29 major subtypes of receptor. Further "sub-subtypes" exist together with variants, totalling in the hundreds for just these 6 transmitters. "- (see serotonin receptor for example.)" It is often found that receptor subtypes have differentiated function, which in principle opens up the possibility of refined intentional control over brain function.
It has previously been known that ultimate control over the membrane voltage or potential of a nerve cell, and thus the firing of the cell, resides with the trans-membrane ion channels which control the membrane currents via the ions K+, Na+, and Ca++, and of lesser importance Mg++ and Cl-. The concentration differences between the inside and outside of the cell determine the membrane voltage. how these currents are controlled has become much clearer with the advances in receptor structure and G-protein-coupled processes. Many receptors are found to be pentameric clusters of five trans-membrane proteins (not necessarily the same) or "receptor subunits", each a chain of many amino acids. Transmitters typically bind at the junction between two of these proteins, on the parts that protrude from the cell membrane. If the receptor is of the ionotropic type, a central pore or channel in the middle of the proteins will be mechanically moved to allow certain ions to flow through, thus altering the ion concentration difference. If the receptor is of the metabotropic type, G-proteins will cause metabolism inside the cell that may eventually change other ion channels. Researchers are better understanding precisely how these changes occur based on the protein structure shapes and chemical properties.
The scope of this activity has been stretched even further to the very blueprint of life since the clarification of the mechanism underlying gene transcription. The synthesis of cellular proteins from nuclear DNA has the same fundamental machinery for all cells; the exploration of which now has a firm basis thanks to the Human Genome Project which has enumerated the entire human DNA sequence, although many of the estimated 35,000 genes remain to be identified. The complete neurotransmission process extends to the genetic level. Gene expression determines protein structures through type II RNA polymerase. So enzymes which synthesize or breakdown neurotransmitters, receptors, and ion channels are each made from mRNA via the DNA transcription of their respective gene or genes. But neurotransmission, in addition to controlling ion channels either directly or otherwise through metabotropic processes, also actually modulates gene expression. This is most prominently achieved through modification of the "transcription initiation process" by a variety of transcription factors produced from receptor activity.
Aside from the important pharmacological possibilities of gene expression pathways, the correspondence of a gene with its protein allows the important analytical tool of gene knockout. Living specimens can be created using homolog recombination in which a specific gene cannot be expressed. The organism will then be deficient in the associated protein which may be a specific receptor. This method avoids chemical blockade which can produce confusing or ambiguous secondary effects so that the effects of a lack of receptor can be studied in a purer sense.
Drugs.
The inception of many classes of drugs is in principle straightforward: any chemical that can enhance or diminish the action of a target protein could be investigated further for such use. The trick is to find such a chemical that is receptor-specific (cf. "dirty drug") and safe to consume. The 2005 "Physicians' Desk Reference" lists twice the number of prescription drugs as the 1990 version. Many people by now are familiar with "selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors", or SSRIs which exemplify modern pharmaceuticals. These SSRI anti-depressant drugs, such as Paxil and Prozac, selectively and therefore primarily inhibit the transport of serotonin which prolongs the activity in the synapse. There are numerous categories of selective drugs, and transport blockage is only one mode of action. The FDA has approved drugs which selectively act on each of the major neurotransmitters such as NE reuptake inhibitor antidepressants, DA blocker anti-psychotics, and GABA agonist tranquilizers (benzodiazepines).
New endogenous chemicals are continually identified. Specific receptors have been found for the drugs THC (cannabis) and GHB, with endogenous transmitters anandamide and GHB. Another recent major discovery occurred in 1999 when orexin, or hypocretin, was found to have a role in arousal, since the lack of orexin receptors mirrors the condition of narcolepsy. Orexin agonism may explain the anti-narcoleptic action of the drug modafinil which was already being used only a year prior.
The next step, which major pharmaceutical companies are currently working hard to develop, are receptor subtype-specific drugs and other specific agents. An example is the push for better anti-anxiety agents (anxiolytics) based on GABAA(α2) agonists, CRF1 blockers, and 5HT2c blockers. Another is the proposal of new routes of exploration for anti-psychotics such as "glycine reuptake inhibitors". Although the capabilities exist for receptor-specific drugs, a shortcoming of drug therapy is the lack of ability to provide "anatomical" specificity. By altering receptor function in one part of the brain, abnormal activity can be induced in other parts of the brain due to the same type of receptor changes. A common example is the effect of D2 altering drugs (neuroleptics) which can help schizophrenia, but cause a variety of dyskinesias by their action on motor cortex.
Modern studies are revealing details of mechanisms of damage to the nervous system such as apoptosis (programmed cell death) and free-radical disruption. PCP has been found to cause cell death in striatopallidal cells and abnormal vacuolization in hippocampal and other neurons. The "hallucinogen persisting perception disorder" (HPPD), also known as "post-psychedelic perception disorder", has been observed in patients as long as 26 years after LSD use. The plausible cause of HPPD is damage to the inhibitory GABA circuit in the visual pathway (GABA agonists such as midazolam can decrease some effects of LSD intoxication). The damage may be the result of an excitotoxic response of 5HT2 interneurons. the vast majority of LSD users do not experience HPPD. Its manifestation may be equally dependent on individual brain chemistry as on the drug use itself As for MDMA, aside from persistent losses of 5HT and SERT, long-lasting reduction of serotonergic axons and terminals is found from short-term use, and regrowth may be of compromised function.
Neural circuits.
It is a not-so-recent discovery that many functions of the brain are localized to associated areas like motor and speech ability. Functional associations of brain anatomy are now being complemented with clinical, behavioral, and genetic correlates of receptor action, completing the knowledge of neural signalling "(see also: Human Cognome Project)". The signal paths of neurons are hyper-organized beyond the cellular scale into often complex neural circuit pathways. Knowledge of these pathways is perhaps the easiest to interpret, being most recognizable from a systems analysis point of view, as may been seen in the following abstracts.
Progress has been made on central mechanisms of hallucination believed to be common to psychedelic drugs and psychotic illness. It is likely the effect of partial agonistic action on the serotonin system. The 5HT2A receptor and possibly the 5HT1C are involved by releasing glutamate in the frontal cortex, while simultaneously in the locus coeruleus sensory information is promoted and spontaneous activity decreases. One hypothesis suggests that in the frontal cortex, 5HT2A promotes late asynchronous excitatory post-synaptic potentials, a process antagonized by serotonin itself through 5HT1 which may explain why SSRI's and other serotonin-affecting drugs do not normally cause a patient to hallucinate.
Circadian rhythm, or sleep/wake cycling, is centered in the "suprachiasmatic nucleus" (SCN) within the hypothalamus, and is marked by melatonin levels 2000-4,000% higher during sleep than in the day. A circuit is known to start with melanopsin cells in the eye which stimulate the SCN through glutamate neurons of the "hypothalamic tract". GABA-ergic neurons from the SCN inhibit the "paraventricular nucleus", which signals the "superior cervical ganglion" (SCG) through sympathetic fibers. The output of the SCG, stimulates NE receptors (β) in the pineal gland which produces N-acetyltransferase, causing production of melatonin from serotonin. Inhibitory melatonin receptors in the SCN then provide a positive feedback pathway. Therefore, light "inhibits" the production of melatonin which "entrains" the 24-hour cycle of SCN activity. The SCN also receives signals from other parts of the brain, and its (approximately) 24 hour cycle does not only depend on light patterns. In fact, sectioned tissue from the SCN will exhibit daily cycle "in vitro" for many days. Additionally, (not shown in diagram), the "basal nucleus" provides GABA-ergic inhibitory input to the "pre-optic anterior hypothalamus" (PAH). When adenosine builds up from the metabolism of ATP throughout the day, it binds to adenosine receptors, inhibiting the basal nucleus. The PAH is then activated, generating slow-wave sleep activity. Caffeine is known to block adenosine receptors, thereby inhibiting sleep among other things.
Research.
Research in neuropsychopharmacology comes from a wide range of activities in neuroscience and clinical research. This has motivated organizations such as the "American College of Neuropsychopharmacology" (ACNP), the "European College of Neuropsychopharmacology" (ECNP), and the "Collegium Internationale Neuro-psychopharmacologicum" (CINP) to be established as a measure of focus.
The ECNP publishes "European Neuropsychopharmacology", and as part of the Reed Elsevier Group, the ACNP publishes the journal "Neuropsychopharmacology", and the CINP publishes the journal "International Journal of Neuropsychopharmacology" with Cambridge University Press.
In 2002, the most recent comprehensive collected work of the ACNP, "Neuropsychopharmacology: The Fifth Generation of Progress" was compiled. It is one measure of the current state of knowledge, and might be said to represent a landmark in the century-long goal to establish the basic neuro-biological principles which govern the actions of the brain.
Many other journals exist which contain relevant information such as "Neuroscience".
Some of them are listed at Brown University Library.

</doc>
<doc id="2917200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917200" title="Yockanookany River">
Yockanookany River

The Yockanookany River is a river in central Mississippi in the United States. It is a tributary of the Pearl River, which flows to the Gulf of Mexico.
Course.
The Yockanookany rises in Choctaw County in the vicinity of the town of Ackerman and flows generally southwestwardly through Attala and Leake counties, past the towns of Weir, McCool, Ethel and Kosciusko. It flows into the Pearl River in southwestern Leake County. 
Much of the Yockanookany's upper course through Choctaw and Attala counties has been straightened and channelized; in some of these areas, water continues also to flow in the river's old natural channel.
Downstream of Kosciusko, the river is paralleled by the Natchez Trace Parkway.
Variant names.
The United States Board on Geographic Names settled on "Yockanookany River" as the stream's name in 1949. According to the Geographic Names Information System, the river has also been known as:

</doc>
<doc id="2917205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917205" title="George Geddes (engineer)">
George Geddes (engineer)

George Geddes (February 14, 1809 Fairmount, Onondaga County, New York – October 8, 1883 Fairmount, NY) was an American engineer, agronomist, historian and politician from New York.
Life.
He was the son of engineer, surveyor and Congressman James Geddes.
George Geddes studied engineering and surveying in Middletown, Connecticut, and law in Skaneateles, New York.
He was a member of the New York State Senate (22nd D.) from 1848 to 1851, sitting in the 71st, 72nd, 73rd and 74th New York State Legislatures. He was one of three state senators instrumental in the passage of the 1848 New York State law permitting women to hold property independently of their husbands, the first of its kind in the United States. He served on the New York State Senate's Indian Affairs committee and wrote articles about Iroquois history and archaeology. Originally a Whig, he later joined the Republican Party. He was a moderate abolitionist.
Geddes was well-known nationally in agricultural circles for his model farm at Fairmount, and was an early mentor to Frederick Law Olmsted. He also built the first plank road in America, at North Syracuse, New York, in 1846.
His son James Geddes (born 1831) was a civil engineer, agriculturist, and assemblyman in 1883.

</doc>
<doc id="2917217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917217" title="Nellie Pou">
Nellie Pou

Nelida "Nellie" Pou (born May 20, 1956) is an American Democratic Party politician who has served in the New Jersey Senate since 2012, representing the 35th Legislative District. She previously represented the 35th district in the General Assembly. When Pou was sworn into the Assembly on January 29, 1997, to succeed Bill Pascrell, she became the first woman and the first Hispanic to represent the 35th district.
Career.
Pou was the Assembly's Deputy Speaker from 2002-2005 and the Assistant Minority Leader from 2000-2001.
In the Assembly Pou served on the Appropriations Committee (as Chair), the Budget Committee, the Education Committee and the Joint Budget Oversight Committee. Previously, Pou served on the Senior Issues Committee (as Chair), the Appropriations Committee (as Vice Chair) and the Education Committee. She has served on the New Jersey Task Force on Child Abuse and Neglect since 1997 and was Chair of the Paterson Department of Human Resources from 1983-1997. She served on the Passaic-Bergen County HIV Health Services Advisory Council from 1993-1997.
Pou elected not to run for re-election to her Assembly seat in 2011, instead choosing to run for the State Senate seat from the district that long-time incumbent John Girgenti was vacating. She defeated former Haledon, New Jersey mayor Ken Pengitore in the general election and was sworn in as Senator in January 2012.
Pou attended Kean College, Rutgers University and the University of Virginia (Business Administration). She is an Assistant Business Administrator in Paterson.
District 35.
Each of the forty districts in the New Jersey Legislature has one representative in the New Jersey Senate and two members in the New Jersey General Assembly. The other representatives from the 35th District for the 2012-2013 Legislative Session are:

</doc>
<doc id="2917220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917220" title="Chris Holt">
Chris Holt

Chris Holt may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2917229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917229" title="Glam punk">
Glam punk

Glam punk (sometimes called mock rock) is a term used retrospectively to describe a short lived trend for bands which produced a form of protopunk that incorporated elements of glam rock, initially in the early to mid-1970s. Acts included New York Dolls and Harlots of 42nd Street.
History.
Glam punk has been seen as a backlash to the hippie folk music sensibilities of the 1960s. Lucy O'Brien defines the The New York Dolls style as combining "Rolling Stones raunch with heavy borrowings from the girl group era". The band was highly influential in New York's club scene of the early 1970s, as well as later generations of musicians, and their style was adopted by a number of New York bands, including Harlots of 42nd Street. The Dolls broke up in 1976, by which time the trend had already metamorphosed into punk and begun to move on to new wave.
Influence.
The New York Dolls helped spark the beginning of punk rock, with Malcolm McLaren informally managing them in 1975, before returning to England, where he and Vivienne Westwood used the New York Dolls, as well as other bands that they had seen while in New York, as inspiration for punk fashion and the creation of the Sex Pistols. They also influenced the glam metal scene that emerged in the 1980s, through the adoption of glam aesthetics by bands including Hanoi Rocks, Mötley Crüe and Guns N' Roses.
The term has been used to describe later bands who combined glam aesthetics with punk music, including the early Manic Street Preachers. Glam punk was a major influence on bands of the New York post-punk revival that included D Generation, The Toilet Boys and The Strokes.

</doc>
<doc id="2917230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917230" title="Kalamazoo, West Virginia">
Kalamazoo, West Virginia

Kalamazoo is an unincorporated community in Barbour County, West Virginia, USA. Its post office has been closed.

</doc>
<doc id="2917233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917233" title="Iowa Braille and Sight Saving School">
Iowa Braille and Sight Saving School

The Iowa Braille and Sight Saving School is located in Vinton, Iowa. Students from all over Iowa were housed and educated there. Students in special education are entitled to educational programming until age 21. Students may attend the school for short-term enrollment for specialized skill development and training. Students attend classes that meet individual educational needs. Some students attend select classes at the local public school. Instruction is provided in specialized areas of core curriculum for students with visual impairments, which include compensatory skills, orientation and mobility, social interaction skills, independent living skills, career education/work experience, use of assistive/adaptive technology and visual efficiency skills.
The school was opened in 1852 as the Iowa College for the Blind. Mary Ingalls, sister of Laura Ingalls Wilder (author of the "Little House on the Prairie" series), attended the school.
As of fall 2011, IBSSS will no longer have a residential component. All school-age visually impaired children in Iowa will receive specialized instruction in their local school districts from professionals employed by the agency, whose administrative offices are located in the old school building in Vinton. As part of its transformation from a residential school to a state agency, it is undergoing a name change to the Iowa Statewide System For Vision Services. Students may continue to come to the school for short term summer programs in the future, though the difficulty of maintaining trained staff without an ongoing residential program could affect the viability of such programs. 
During the July 2011 Derecho, the campus and buildings sustained considerable damage, which may affect the location of its administrative headquarters.
The school is a member of Council of Schools for the Blind (COSB).

</doc>
<doc id="2917235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917235" title="British Columbia Council on Admissions and Transfer">
British Columbia Council on Admissions and Transfer

The British Columbia Council on Admissions and Transfer (BCCAT) governs the credit-transfer agreements between post-secondary institutions in British Columbia, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2917241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917241" title="Osaka Prefectural Kitano High School">
Osaka Prefectural Kitano High School

Osaka Prefectural Kitano High School (大阪府立北野高等学校) is a secondary school in Osaka, Japan founded in 1873.
It moved to its current location in Yodogawa Ward in 1931. The school is operated by the Osaka Prefectural Board of Education. It has been named a model school by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology.
Alumni.
Prominent alumni include 

</doc>
<doc id="2917243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917243" title="Tracy Rocker">
Tracy Rocker

Tracy Quinton Rocker (born April 9, 1966) is an American football defensive line coach for the Georgia Bulldogs. He is a former professional football player, first drafted into the National Football League in 1989 by the Washington Redskins.
Playing career.
Rocker played high school football at Fulton High School in Atlanta, which later merged with Walter F. George High School to become South Atlanta High School.
College.
In 1988, Rocker won both the Lombardi Award and Outland Trophy, the first SEC player to do so. He played defensive tackle for Auburn University. An Auburn great, Rocker was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame by the National Football Foundation in December 2004 in New York City, and was inducted into Alabama’s state Sports Hall of Fame in the summer of 2005.
A two-time All-American and a three-time All-SEC selection as a player at Auburn, Rocker was named SEC Player of the Year during his senior season. He finished his career with 354 tackles, including 21 quarterback sacks and 48 tackles for loss. During his tenure, Auburn won a pair of league titles, and Rocker was voted to the school’s Team of the Century in 1993.
Professional.
Rocker was selected in the third round of the 1989 NFL Draft by the Washington Redskins and was selected to the NFL All-Rookie team in 1990. However, after playing only two seasons in the NFL with the Redskins, he concluded his playing career with a one-year stint with the Orlando Thunder in the World League of American Football.
Coaching career.
Rocker returned to Auburn to complete his undergraduate degree in 1992 and began his coaching career with the Auburn High School Tigers the same year. After serving two seasons as defensive coordinator at the school, he spent three years as a defensive line coach at West Alabama (1994-96).
Prior to his stint at Cincinnati, Rocker spent five seasons as the defensive line coach at Troy State University in Troy, Alabama. While at TSU, three of his players received Division I-AA All-America honors, including Al Lucas, who earned the 1999 Buck Buchanan Award as the top defensive player in Division I-AA. A total of 13 TSU players garnered all-conference accolades under Rocker, while five players went on to sign NFL contracts, including Marcus Spriggs, who was drafted by the Cleveland Browns in the sixth round in 1999.
Rocker joined Houston Nutt's staff at Arkansas after one year at Cincinnati where he helped the Bearcats win a share of the 2002 Conference USA title. Rocker spent five years as the defensive line coach of the Razorbacks. His 2006 line ranked No. 4 in the SEC and 33rd in the nation in rushing defense, holding opponents to 114.57 yards per game. Arkansas also ranked first in the SEC and No. 21 nationally in tackles for loss with 6.93. When Houston Nutt went to Ole Miss before the 2008 season, Rocker joined his Rebels staff.
In January 2009, Rocker left Ole Miss to coach the defensive line at his alma mater, Auburn University.
He was hired to be the defensive line coach for the Tennessee Titans in February 2011. Rocker's only previous NFL experience as a coach was as a participant in the NFL Minority Coaching Fellowship Program, working with the Indianapolis Colts in 2001 and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in 2006.
In January 2014, Rocker was let go by the Titans and was hired to be the defensive line coach for the Georgia Bulldogs. He currently coaches the Defensive Line and the "Will" OLB who typically rush the passer.
Players coached.
In his first season with the Razorbacks, UA’s 2003 defensive line helped the Hogs finish fifth in the SEC in total defense, allowing 344.0 yards per game. In 2004, Rocker coached first-team All-SEC end Jeb Huckeba, who produced 56 tackles, 13 tackles for loss and 6.5 sacks. Huckeba was as selected in the fifth round of the NFL Draft. Rocker’s 2005 unit tied for second in the SEC with 29 sacks and was fourth in rushing defense behind Jackson, who earned second-team All-SEC honors after finishing fourth on the team with 74 tackles.
Under Rocker’s guidance, Jamaal Anderson was the premier pass rusher in the SEC in 2006 with 14 sacks for 100 yards and 20.5 tackles for loss. The honorable mention All-American ranked third nationally in sacks per game with 1.0, while his 20.5 TFL ranked 12th. Anderson also notched 65 tackles and a team-best 26 quarterback hurries. Anderson was selected as the eighth pick of the first round of the 2007 NFL Draft, while fellow Razorback defensive lineman Keith Jackson was taken in the seventh round.
In 2010, Rocker coached 2010 Lombardi Award winner, AP All-American defensive lineman, and AP SEC defensive player of the year Nick Fairley, as well as AP second-team All-SEC defensive lineman Antoine Carter. Fairley led the SEC with 21 tackles for loss and was second in the SEC with 10.5 sacks.
Rocker was a member of the Auburn staff which won the 2011 BCS National Championship Game.
Personal life.
A native of Atlanta, Rocker and his wife, Lalitha, have a son, Kumar.

</doc>
<doc id="2917246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917246" title="List of best-selling albums in Brazil">
List of best-selling albums in Brazil

Brazil has one of the largest music markets in the world, and the largest music industry in Latin America.
Best-selling albums of domestic repertoire.
All the albums below have sold more than 2 million copies in Brazil alone.
Other albums to exceed 2 million copies sold:

</doc>
<doc id="2917251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917251" title="Benny Hester">
Benny Hester

Benny Ray Hester (born May 3, 1948) is an American musician, singer, songwriter and recording artist. He is perhaps best known for his songs "When God Ran" and "Nobody Knows Me Like You", and for producing the groundbreaking tween/teen music-driven sketch comedy and dance television series "Roundhouse" on Nickelodeon. Hester received a television Cable Ace Award for the song "I Can Dream" and a collection of nominations for writing and producing a featured original song for each weekly episode of "Roundhouse" during its successful four-year run. He has written and recorded more than 25 number one and top ten songs.
Hester's recording of his song "When God Ran" touched the consciousness of Christians worldwide, and is the longest running number one song in Contemporary Christian Music history, number one for 13 weeks, and the number three song in the 60-year history of Word Records. “When God Ran” continues to be rerecorded by artists in many languages and musical genres, including adult contemporary, pop, rock, R&B, alternative, and Southern Gospel, making it to the top of the charts repeatedly.
The title track from his third album, "Nobody Knows Me Like You", reached number one on Christian Music Charts and became the first CCM song to break the "Billboard" Top 50 Adult Contemporary Chart, debuting at number 44 on November 7, 1981.
Hester's first CCM singles, "Jesus Came Into My Life" and "Be A Receiver", were breakthrough recordings for radio, blurring the lines between pop, rock, and inspirational music, and becoming the first contemporary pop rock songs to be universally accepted and widely played across all Christian Radio formats. His 1978 self titled debut album "Benny Hester", re-released in 1982 as "Be A Receiver", had an impact on the burgeoning CCM scene, and ranks among the very first “Contemporary Christian Music” albums as the musical landscape shifted with the end of the Jesus Music era and the birth of the industry known as CCM.
Early life and influences.
Benny Hester was born in Waco, Texas, and began studying classical music at age four. He continued his studies through high school with European teachers and musical innovators John and Martha Reuther. Hester was among the first to master John Reuther’s futuristic chromatic “checkerboard” designed keyboard and one of a handful of musicians to become expert on the instrument, playing public performances to demonstrate its attributes over the standard keyboard.
Hester auditioned and was chosen to sing with The Texas Boys Choir.
He became the youngest member of the Texas swing band, Sam Weaver and The Texas Playboys, and appeared on the band’s weekly television show playing alongside guest music legends including Johnny Gimble and Ernest Tubb.
While attending Richfield High School, Hester was one of the founding members of the popular Texas pop rock band, The Morticians. He wrote songs for the group and included them in sets for the band’s sizable revved up audiences. Headed now by guitarist and original founding member, Joe Hall, The Morticians continue to play concerts regularly.
Hester was hired to play in the live stage band and orchestra for the long running musical, "Texas", and continued with the show for two years. While performing in "Texas", he founded the singing duo, Hester & Hilton, with partner Steve Hilton. Hester & Hilton performed their own songs along with stylized takes on songs by their favorite artists. While playing El Paso, Hester was asked to write two songs for a recording session by the group, The Sojourners. It turned out to be his first professional recording session as a songwriter. The two songs were produced and engineered by Norman Petty and recorded at Norman Petty Studios in Clovis, New Mexico, where Hester had the opportunity to work with the legendary Petty and record in his hit studio. Hester and his older brother, a music fan with a ten-year head start on him, grew up singing and listening to Buddy Holly songs. Norman Petty produced and recorded those songs. Hester coincidentally attended Texas Tech in Lubbock, Texas, home to Petty and birthplace of Holly.
Las Vegas.
1969: Maher, MusAd, and the Runnin' Rebels of UNLV.
Hester moved to Las Vegas, Nevada where, on a walk-through of Bill Porter's United Recording Studio, he met head recording engineer Brent Maher. When Maher questioned him, “What do you do?”, Hester answered back, “I’m a songwriter”. Maher invited Hester to play a song. After hearing it, Maher asked, “Do you have another one of those?” Hester and Maher spent the remainder of the day with Hester playing one tune after another from a notebook collection, of what Hester felt were his best songs, entitled “The Good Book”, as well as from his second, ongoing, collection, “The Better Book”. They became immediate friends and remain so today. During that period Maher was engineering Ike and Tina Turner’s “Proud Mary", The 5th Dimension's "Age of Aquarius", Duke Ellington's last record, The Jackson 5, Chuck Berry, Sammy Davis Jr., Gladys Knight, Sly and the Family Stone, and others, and Maher brought Hester to many of those memorable recording sessions. These first hand and close up studio experiences had a lasting impact on Hester and his music, further inspiring his songwriting, and giving him an invaluable understanding of how artists choose their songs and record their music.
Hester taught music at a private music school, recorded Hester & Hilton demos with Maher at United Recording, and later, with Maher, formed a successful jingle advertising company, MusAd, which dominated the Las Vegas radio and television market for ten years. He penned the song for Hickory Farms Of Ohio, and Nevada’s largest newspaper, "The Las Vegas Review Journal", with the slogan “The RJ is Las Vegas” appearing on billboards and ads still. Together Hester and Maher wrote and produced commercial songs for many Las Vegas hotels and banks, Nevada's largest home builders, trendy clothing manufacturers and outlets, and notably, at the request of famed coach Jerry Tarkanian, the original University Of Nevada Las Vegas fight song and school song for the UNLV Runnin’ Rebels basketball team.
1972: Album with Elvis Presley's band.
Maher went on to produce Hester's first two albums, the self-titled "Benny...", on Bill Porter's VMI Records/Vegas Music International, and his first CCM album for Billy Ray Hearn's Sparrow Records. Hester first became a Christian while attending an evangelical rally at a traveling tent crusade called Christ is the Answer. He later attended a local church called The Neighborhood Church. Hester's unexpected spiritual awakening resulted in his prophetic "second coming" song, and first VMI single, "We All Know He's Coming", recorded with Elvis Presley’s TCB Band.
Hester learned from sitting behind the console and watching recording and sound engineer, and VMI Records president, Bill Porter, mix the live concerts each night for Elvis Presley, in the main showroom of the International Hotel, later the Las Vegas Hilton. Hester was taken, not only with Elvis’s performances, but with Elvis’s band, which included drummer, Ron Tutt, who had recently played drums on the recording of Cat Stevens’, “Peace Train”. Maher and Porter brought Elvis’s band, the TCB Band, to record with Hester for his first album. The band was made up of Ron Tutt, James Burton, Glen Hardin and Jerry Scheff, as well as Larry Muhoberac and Joe Osborn.
The finished masters and packaged albums, ready for record company distribution, were lost in the studio and warehouse fire that destroyed United Recording. Hester's first album was never released. Only a few albums survived the fire, ending up in the hands of collectors.
Music after the fire.
Singles and albums: '70s, '80s, '90s.
Hester recovered from the fire that claimed his first major recording project. In 1975, Monument Records released "Good Night, Good Day" and "Country Boy". Decca Records followed with the release of "Jamaica Way" and "Melody Man", in 1978. Decca later released a 1980 compilation album featuring Hester as the only new emerging artist on the record, and the first song on side B, with an eclectic group of established artists, Jimmy Buffett, Tex Williams, Ray Stevens, and others. While labels continued to explore music genres, with the release of his 1978 CCM debut album on Sparrow Records, which he recorded with his Las Vegas formed live concert band, Hester was able to emerge with an album that showcased his instantly recognizable pop rock vocals and songwriting style, and his, by now, finely tuned, spiritually driven themes. This period proved to be defining, and helped set the course for his music and future.
Hester has since released a string of hit albums and chart topping songs, and performed thousands of concerts. His recording of his song “When God Ran” is the longest running number one song in Contemporary Christian Music history, spending 13 weeks at number one on Christian Radio and topping both the AC and CHR Charts. When another single from the same album, "Secret Thoughts", made it to number one on the Rock Charts, Hester had three simultaneous chart toppers, a feat which had never been achieved up to that point in Christian music. “When God Ran” was the number one most played Christian Adult Contemporary radio hit of 1986, and number three for the entire decade. “When God Ran” continues to be rerecorded by artists in many languages and musical genres, including Adult Contemporary, Pop, Rock, Alternative Rock, and Southern Gospel, making it to the top of the charts repeatedly. A version recorded by The Kingsmen took the number one spot on the Southern Gospel Charts in February 2009 and was nominated Gospel Music Song Of The Year and Album Of The Year.
Other top Benny Hester songs include "Nobody Knows Me Like You", "Christ The Solid Rock", "Rubber Canoe", "Come Back", "Goodbye Salty", "Legacy", "Whoever Touches You", "Streets Of Las Vegas", "Can I Get To You From Here", "No Man's Land", "Step By Step", "To Fill Our Empty Hearts", "Real Change", "Melody Man", "Hold Me", "Jesus Came Into My Life", "Be A Receiver", "Sure Of Your Call", "The Door", "Squeeze You", "We All Know He's Comin'", "Out Of The Natural", "Underground River", "Remember Me", "Caught Away", "You Weren't Meant To Live Your Life Alone".
Roundhouse television series on Nickelodeon.
1990s.
From 1992 to 1996 Hester was Co-Executive Producer, Music Producer/Musical Director and Songwriter for the award winning Nickelodeon/MTV Networks television series "Roundhouse". He was nominated for seven songwriting and music producer awards, winning for “I Can Dream” (Cable Ace Award) and “Can’t Let Go” (Hollywood Foreign Press Youth In Film Award) in the best Original Song for television categories. He also received three television Cable Ace Award nominations for best Variety Special or Series as Co-Executive Producer of "Roundhouse". 
The twelve member triple-threat cast of "Roundhouse" received Outstanding Ensemble Cast in a Youth Series or Variety Show as awarded by the Hollywood Foreign Press Youth In Film Awards.
Hester is the recipient of the prestigious Ollie Award for "Excellence in Television Programming for America’s Children", presented by the American Center for Children's Television.
Benny Hester and record producer Howard Benson prepared the first "Roundhouse" Cast album for release on Irving Azoff's Giant Records (Warner Music Group). The Irving Azoff/Giant Records album masters contained six "Roundhouse" Cable Ace nominated tunes, including the Hester/Sheffield penned Cable Ace winner "I Can Dream". Nickelodeon exercised its 50% approval right by blocking the first of four "Roundhouse" cast albums, which included five solo artist spinoff options. Simultaneously, Nickelodeon withheld approval of the use of the cable channels name in association with the 30 city "Roundhouse" concert tour by Pace Entertainment Corporation's Pace Theatrical, a subsidiary of Live Nation Entertainment. The Disney Channel, under the leadership of former Nickelodeon employees, recognized the missed opportunity and jumped ahead of Nickelodeon in music driven television for the tween/teen market, eventually surpassing them in viewer ratings.
Nickelodeon To Disney: Television imitates radio.
2000s.
After a pitch to the Disney Channel by "Roundhouse" producers in 2001 of the show "Rock and Roland", in which a junior high boy was a "normal kid by day, rock star by night” (gender option given during the pitch), and after providing additional written scenes and a plan for marketing the music from the show through Disney's Hollywood Records, the Disney Channel’s Rich Ross publicly took credit for the success of Disney’s gender-reversed multibillion dollar franchise "Hannah Montana", as did the channel’s Adam Bonnett. Ross and Bonnett were both former Nickelodeon executives who worked with, among others, the award-winning "Roundhouse" and its newly acquired age 9 to 17 demographic, airing in Nickelodeon’s first prime time block, SNICK. SNICK was later revamped as TEENick to target the newly found tween/teen audience. Ross was Nickelodeon Talent Booker turned VP Of Program Enterprises, involved in all Nickelodeon original programming deals and, Bonnett, Production Coordinator becoming Director Of Current Programming for Nickelodeon.
Ross and Bonnett were subsequently promoted at Disney, along with others from the Disney Channel, and credited for "Hannah Montana’s" broad reaching success across TV, music, and live tours, the model first proposed and put into motion by "Roundhouse" producers at Nickelodeon, but blocked by the network during the time Ross and Bonnett were there. That decision turned out to be shortsighted by Nickelodeon, and when proposed again to the then underutilized Disney Channel as a tie-in to the underperforming Hollywood Records (Disney Music Group), the concept proved inherently valuable enough that, as the complaint filed against Disney in 2007 in Los Angeles claimed, "Rock and Roland" was misappropriated by Disney and produced under the name "Hannah Montana". For their key roles in bringing "Hannah Montana" to Disney, Rich Ross was elevated from the Disney Channel to Chairman of Walt Disney Studios in October 2009, forced to resign April 2012, and Adam Bonnett upped to Senior Vice President, Original Programming, Disney Channel.
The Walt Disney Company and Disney ABC Cable Networks Group agreed to settle the legal claim regarding "Hannah Montana" and "Rock and Roland" less than four weeks before the jury trial was to begin in Los Angeles Superior Court on August 26, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="2917259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917259" title="Polevskoy">
Polevskoy

Polevskoy () is a town in Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russia, located southwest of Yekaterinburg. Population: 60,000 (1974); 25,000 (1939).
History.
The town is best known for its Dumnaya Mountain, where a monument to those who died fighting Kolchak's army is located. The Dumnaya Mountain and its surroundings are also mentioned in many tales by Pavel Bazhov.
The town was founded in the first quarter of the 18th century as a settlement around copper mines. The first mine was established in 1702, and the commercial development started in 1718. In 1724–1727, a factory was built to process the copper.
The modern town comprises the territories of former settlements of Gumeshki, Polevskoy, and Seversky.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of the administrative divisions, it is, together with thirteen rural localities, incorporated as the Town of Polevskoy—an administrative unit with the status equal to that of the districts. As a municipal division, the Town of Polevskoy is incorporated as Polevskoy Urban Okrug.
Sports.
The bandy team Severskiy Trubnik plays in the 2nd highest division.

</doc>
<doc id="2917267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917267" title="Joe Carroll">
Joe Carroll

Joe "Bebop" Carroll (November 25, 1919–February 1, 1981) was a jazz vocalist, known primarily for his work with Dizzy Gillespie between 1949 and 1953. His collaborations with Gillespie include the humorous songs "Swing Low, Sweet Cadillac" and "Oo Bla Dee."
He was known for an upbeat, energetic comedic style, often employing scat singing or vocalese. Carroll recorded three albums under his own name in the late 1950s and early 1960s; the best-known, and only one to have been released on CD, is 1962's "The Man With The Happy Sound".
The 1947 Tadd Dameron song "A Be Bop Carroll" (recorded by Fats Navarro) is a Christmas song with a punning reference to Carroll.
Selected discography.
With Dizzy Gillespie

</doc>
<doc id="2917269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917269" title="Alfred E. Steele">
Alfred E. Steele

Alfred E. Steele (born January 22, 1954) is an American Democratic Party politician, who served in the New Jersey General Assembly starting in 1996, where he represented the 35th legislative district. He resigned on September 10, 2007, in the wake of his arrest the previous week on corruption charges.
He had been the Assembly's Deputy Speaker since 2002 and was the Assistant Minority Leader from 1998-2001. In the Assembly, Steele served as Vice Chair of the Regulatory Oversight Committee, and also serves on the Budget Committee and the Law and Public Safety Committee. In the past, he had served as Chair of the Assembly's State Government Committee and on the Financial Institutions and Insurance Committee.
Steele has served as Chaplain in the Passaic County Jail from 1990–1994, a position he is currently holding. He also served as Councilman and Council President on the Paterson City Council.
Steele graduated with a Bachelor of Theology from Northeastern Bible College. He is the Pastor of Seminary Baptist Church in Paterson, New Jersey.
2007 Corruption charges.
Steele was arrested by the FBI on September 6, 2007 in a Federal corruption probe that also included the arrests of Assemblyman and Orange mayor Mims Hackett and Passaic Mayor Samuel Rivera. The charges are that Steele accepted $14,000 in bribes to steer insurance brokers new business from Newark, Orange, Passaic and Paterson, where he allegedly boasted that he could secure the business as he "had five votes on the City Council." On September 7, 2007, Governor of New Jersey Jon Corzine called on both Steele and Hackett to resign from their seats in the New Jersey Legislature.
Steele submitted his letter of resignation from his Assembly seat on September 10, 2007; Hackett filed a resignation letter that same day. In resigning before September 17, 2007, the Democratic Party would be able to put an alternate on the November ballot in lieu of Steele.
District 35.
Each of the forty districts in the New Jersey Legislature has one representative in the New Jersey Senate and two members in the New Jersey General Assembly. The other representatives from the 35th Legislative District are:

</doc>
<doc id="2917280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917280" title="Michael Jackson's Thriller">
Michael Jackson's Thriller

"Michael Jackson's Thriller" is an American 13-minute music video for the song of the same name released on December 2, 1983. It was directed by John Landis, who also co-wrote the screenplay with Michael Jackson.
It was MTV's first world premiere video. Voted as the most influential pop music video of all time, "Thriller" proved to have a profound effect on popular culture, and was named "a watershed moment for the industry" for its unprecedented merging of filmmaking and music.
"Guinness World Records" listed it in 2006 as the "most successful music video", selling over nine million copies. In 2009, the video was inducted into the National Film Registry by the Library of Congress, the first music video to ever receive this honor, for being “culturally, historically or aesthetically” significant. The track was also listed at number one on "The Top 10 Halloween Songs" by "Billboard".
Costarring with Jackson was former "Playboy" centerfold Ola Ray. The video was choreographed by Michael Peters (who had worked with the singer on his prior hit "Beat It"), and Michael Jackson. The video also contains incidental music by film music composer Elmer Bernstein, who had previously worked with Landis on "An American Werewolf in London". The video (like the song) contains a spoken word performance by horror film veteran Vincent Price. Rick Baker assisted in prosthetics and makeup for the production. "Thriller" was the third and final video for the "Thriller" album. The red jacket that Jackson wore was designed by John Landis' wife Deborah Landis to make him appear more "virile".
To qualify for an Academy Award as a short subject, the film was shown in a theatrical screening along with the 1940 Disney animated feature "Fantasia", in December 1983; the video however failed to earn an Academy Award nomination.
Content.
Due to Jackson being a Jehovah's witness, the video begins with a disclaimer that reads: "Due to my strong personal convictions, I wish to stress that this film in no way endorses a belief in the occult" - Michael Jackson
On a night set in the 1950s while driving, a teenaged Michael and his unnamed girlfriend (Ola Ray), runs out of gas in a dark, wooded area. They walk into the forest as they leave the car behind and Michael asks her to be his girlfriend, she accepts, and he gives her a ring. However, he then tells her that he is different than other guys. She tells him that's the reason she likes him, but Michael insists that she doesn't understand what he means. A full moon appears, and Michael begins transforming into a horrifying werecat, growling at her to go away in the process. The girl shrieks and she runs away, but the werecat catches up, knocking her down, lunging at her with his claws and killing her (off-screen).
The scene then cuts to a movie theater where Michael and his unnamed girlfriend, along with an excitable audience, are actually watching the scene unfold in a fictional Vincent Price horror movie titled "Thriller". Afraid, Michael's girlfriend leaves the theater. Michael hands his popcorn to another moviegoer, catches up to her, and tells her that, "it's only a movie." Some debate follows as to whether or not she was scared by the movie; she denies it, but Michael disagrees. They then walk down a foggy road as Michael teases her by singing the verses of "Thriller". They pass a nearby graveyard, in which the undead begin to rise out of their graves as Vincent Price performs his sprechgesang.
The zombies corner the two main characters threateningly, and suddenly, Michael becomes a zombie himself. The zombies then break into an elaborate song and dance number, followed by the main chorus of "Thriller" (during which Michael reverts to human form), frightening his date to the point where she runs for cover.
Michael (who has turned back into a zombie) and his fellow corpses chase the frightened girl into the corner of a nearby abandoned house. Michael then reaches for the girl's throat as she lets out a bloodcurdling shriek, only to awake and realize it was all a nightmare. Michael then offers to take her home, and she happily accepts. As they walk out of the house, Michael turns to the camera with a sinister grin, revealing his yellow werecat eyes from the opening scene, as Vincent Price offers one last haunting laugh.
Awards.
In December 2009, it was selected for the National Film Registry by the Library of Congress along with 24 other films. It was the first ever music video to be selected. The Registry titled "Thriller" as “the most famous music video of all time”. The coordinator of the National Film Preservation Board, who decides upon candidates for inclusion in the National Film Registry, Steve Legett, said “The time is right” for "Thriller" to be included, because of the death of Jackson that year.
Origins.
In the summer of 1983, "Thriller" had begun to decline in sales. Walter Yetnikoff and Larry Stessel answered calls throughout the night from Jackson. "Walter, the record isn’t No. 1 anymore," Yetnikoff recalls Jackson saying. "What are we going to do about it?" 'We’re going to go to sleep and deal with it tomorrow,'" Yetnikoff remembered answering. Jackson manager Frank DiLeo first mentioned the idea of making a third video, and pressed Jackson to consider the album’s title track. "It’s simple—all you’ve got to do is dance, sing, and make it scary," DiLeo recalls telling Jackson.
In early August, John Landis was contacted by Jackson to direct. At the time, commercial motion-picture directors did not direct music videos, but Landis was intrigued.
Filming locations.
The music video was filmed at the Palace Theatre in downtown Los Angeles, the zombie dance sequence at the junction of Union Pacific Avenue and South Calzona Street in East Los Angeles and the final house scene in the Angeleno Heights neighborhood at 1345 Carroll Avenue. All principal photography was done in mid-October 1983.
Behind the scenes.
In an interview that aired December 11, 1999, for MTV's "100 Greatest Videos Ever Made", Jackson spoke about the making of the video:
Horror themes.
According to Kobena Mercer, "the video is strewn with allusions to horror films". The opening scene is a parody of 1950s B movie horror films, with the characters dressed in the fashions of 1950s teenagers. The metamorphosis of the polite 'boy next door' into a werewolf can be seen as a depiction of male sexuality. A sexuality that is depicted as naturally bestial, predatory, aggressive, violent and therefore monstrous. Mercer perceived similarities with the werewolf depiction in "The Company of Wolves" (1984). 
The second metamorphosis of the video has Michael becoming a zombie. It serves as an introduction to a dance sequence which features dancing ghouls, corresponding to a song lyric mentioning a masquerade ball of the dead. The scene calls attention to the macabre make-up of the ghouls. Jackson's own make-up casts "a ghostly pallor" over his skin and emphasizes the outline of his skull. The image itself serves as an allusion to the mask from "The Phantom of the Opera" (1925).
According to Peter Dendle the zombie invasion sequence of the film is inspired by "Night of the Living Dead" (1968). The film manages to treat the sequence with enough seriousness to capture the feelings of claustrophobia and helplessness which are essential to the sub-genre of zombie films. 
"Making Michael Jackson's Thriller".
Released in tandem with the video was an hour-long documentary providing candid glimpses behind the scenes of the production. Called "Making Michael Jackson's Thriller", it, too, was shown heavily on MTV for a time and was the top-selling home-video release of all time at one point, with over 9 million copies sold. The VHS also included video clips from the songs "Can You Feel It", "Beat It", and the Motown 25 performance of "Billie Jean" as well as audio clips from Jackson's songs "Off the Wall" and "Workin' Day and Night".
MTV paid $250,000 for the exclusive rights to show the documentary; Showtime paid $300,000 for pay-cable rights; and Vestron Music Video reportedly put down an additional $500,000 to market the cassette, in "a profit participation."
Rick Baker expected to have a few weeks to do the special effects make up for the zombies (which usually requires impressions to be taken of the actors face to base the prosthetics on) only to find out the dancers would not be cast until a few days before shooting began. It was decided to do generic make up for the dancers (using a combination of precast prosthetics) while members of Bakers crew in the more elaborate make up for shots that featured more closeups (like the zombie coming out of the manhole)
Broadway and litigation.
In 2009, Jackson sold the rights of "Thriller" to the Nederlander Organization, to stage a Broadway musical based on the video.
Jackson was sued by Landis in a dispute over royalties for the video; Landis claims that he is owed four years worth of royalties.
Ola Ray has also complained about difficulties collecting royalties. At first, Ray blamed Jackson, but then she apologized to him in 1997. However, Ray did sue Jackson on May 6, 2009 in a dispute to obtain uncollected royalties. less than two months before Jackson's death on June 25.
Legacy.
Following the success of the "Thriller" video, a Hollywood production company reportedly began serious work on trying to turn Jackson's song "Billie Jean", which is also featured on Jackson's "Thriller" album, into a feature film; to date no plans have ever been completed. Vinny Marino of "ABC News" commented that "Thriller"'s music video was being selected as the 'Greatest Video of All Time" was a "no-brainer" and remarked that, "Michael Jackson's "Thriller" continues to be considered the greatest video ever by just about everyone." Gil Kaufman of MTV described the "Thriller" video as being "iconic" and felt that it was one of Jackson's "most enduring legacies". Kaufman also noted that the music video was the "mini-movie that revolutionized music videos" and "cemented Jackson's status as one of the most ambitious, innovative pop stars of all time". Steve Peake, of About.com, listed "Thriller" as being Jackson's eighth best song of the 1980s. Patrick Kevin Day and Todd Martens, of "The Los Angeles Times" commented that,
Leaders in Michael Jackson's religion were not so pleased, by contrast. In spite of his disclaimer at the beginning of the video, Jackson made a public "apology" in the pages of the Awake! magazine by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania. " 'I would never do it again!” says Jackson. “I just intended to do a good, fun short film, not to purposely bring to the screen something to scare people or to do anything bad. I want to do what’s right. I would never do anything like that again.” Why not? “Because a lot of people were offended by it,” explains Jackson. “That makes me feel bad. I don’t want them to feel that way. I realize now that it wasn’t a good idea. I’ll never do a video like that again!” He continues: “In fact, I have blocked further distribution of the film over which I have control, including its release in some other countries. There’s all kinds of promotional stuff being proposed on Thriller. But I tell them, ‘No, no, no. I don’t want to do anything on Thriller. No more Thriller.’ ”
In December 2009, the music video for "Thriller" was selected for the National Film Registry by the Library of Congress, "Thriller" is the first music video to ever be inducted. The Registry explained, "because of the way the recording industry is evolving and changing, we thought it would be good to go back to the development of an earlier seismic shift, which was the development of the music video" and described the music video as being "the most famous music video of all time". The coordinator of the National Film Preservation Board, who decides upon candidates for inclusion in the National Film Registry, Steve Legett, noted that the music video was considered for induction for years, but was chosen mainly due to Jackson's death that year. In a poll conducted by Myspace in 2010, which asked over one thousand users on their site to name the most influential music video of all time from a list of twenty videos selected by music and entertainment critics, "Michael Jackson's Thriller" was voted the most influential video.
In 2002 Lexington, Kentucky, became the first city to launch a "Thriller" reenactment as a Halloween festivity. The video’s storyline and dance sequences were faithfully recreated, beginning outside the historic Kentucky Theater and featuring hundreds of zombies who attend rehearsals at nearby Mecca Live Studio in the weeks leading up to the parade. Lexington’s 10th annual Thriller Parade was sponsored by Lexington Parks and Recreation, Mecca, and WRFL FM 88.1, and took place on October 30, 2011 for an audience of thousands, with Albert Ignacio playing the role of Michael Jackson. Lexington’s March Madness Marching Band also performed in zombie attire.

</doc>
<doc id="2917292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917292" title="Johnathan Young">
Johnathan Young

Johnathan Young is a British television producer. His credits include "EastEnders", "Casualty", "Holby City", "The Bill" and "The Sinking of the Laconia".
In June 2005 he was appointed Head of Drama at Talkback Thames, replacing Paul Marquess who moved to Endemol.
On 9th February 2011 it was announced that he would move to the BBC to be Executive Producer of "Casualty" and "Holby City".

</doc>
<doc id="2917295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917295" title="Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco">
Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco

The Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco, comprising the M. H. de Young Memorial Museum in Golden Gate Park and the California Palace of the Legion of Honor in Lincoln Park, is the largest public arts institution in the city of San Francisco and one of the largest art museums in California, USA. Its current director is Colin Bailey.
With a total value of over $1 billion, the permanent collection of the Fine Arts Museums is organized into six areas, each with a curatorial staff. There are 150,000 objects in the permanent collection, of which 90% are digitally photographed and catalogued, and about 3,000 objects are on view at any one time.
Unlike most other major art museums, the Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco do not have a large endowment on which it can to draw. As of June 2011, the endowment amounted to $120 million. The museums operate on an annual budget of about $55 million, out of which the majority is funded by membership dues, ticket sales, donations and purchases in its stores as well as contributed revenue (from philanthropic contributions and grants). They are run in a private-public partnership with the city of San Francisco, which owns the two museum buildings and covers about 23 percent of their operating expenses in the form of security guards and insurance premiums. In the fiscal year of 2012, the museum drew nearly 1.6 million visitors.
In 2012, the Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco and The Louvre signed an agreement that provides for collaborative exhibitions and the sharing of art works. The terms of the agreement will last five years, and create a partnership that will promote short- and long-term loans that will allow works from each collection to be seen in both cities, as well as joint publications, conservation projects and educational programs.

</doc>
<doc id="2917298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917298" title="Hiroyuki Ishida">
Hiroyuki Ishida

Biography.
He played in the first season of the Hyundai A-League for Perth Glory coming from Sydney Olympic. Not long after the 05/06 season had finished he went to pursue his playing career in Malaysia after the Perth Glory changed its ownership over to the FFA. After a brief stop at Johor FC in Malaysia, he moved to Japan's J. League Division 2 side Sagan Tosu. He joined Shizuoka Prefectural League side Fujieda MY FC in the summer of 2009.
During his time at Sydney Olympic, Hiroyuki Ishida was a firm fan favourite. Ishida was known for his outstanding pace and dribbling skills on the wing, willingly pressuring the opposition; which is why the Olympic fans adored him so much. During his time at Olympic, Ishida claimed the NSL (National Soccer League) Championship in the 2001-2002 season, as well as the NSL Minor Premiership and the NSL Runners-Up in 2002-2003.

</doc>
