<doc id="2853929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853929" title="Croatian Home Guard (World War II)">
Croatian Home Guard (World War II)

The Croatian Home Guard was part of the armed forces of the Independent State of Croatia which existed during World War II.
Formation.
The Croatian Home Guard was founded in April 1941, a few days after the founding of the Independent State of Croatia (NDH) itself, following the collapse of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia. It was done with the authorisation of German occupation authorities. The task of the new Croatian armed forces was to defend the new state against both foreign and domestic enemies.
Its name was taken from the old Royal Croatian Home Guard – the Croatian section of the Royal Hungarian Landwehr component of the Austro-Hungarian Army.
Organization.
The Croatian Home Guard was originally limited to 16 infantry battalions and two cavalry squadrons – 16,000 men in total. The original 16 battalions were soon enlarged to 15 infantry regiments of two battalions each between May and June 1941, organised into five divisional commands, some 55,000 men. Support units included 35 former Yugoslav light tanks returned by Italy, four engineer battalions, 10 artillery battalions (equipped with captured Royal Yugoslav Army 105mm weapons of Czech origin), a cavalry regiment in Zagreb and an independent cavalry battalion at Sarajevo. Two independent motorized infantry battalions were based at Zagreb and Sarajevo respectively.
The fledgling Army crushed the revolt by Serbs in eastern Herzegovina in June, and fought in July in eastern and western Bosnia. They fought in eastern Herzegovina again, when Croatian-Dalmatian and Slavonian battalions reinforced local units. By the end of 1941 the NDH military forces consisted of 85,000 home guard and the national police force of about 6,000. 
In January 1942 it forced the Partisans in eastern Bosnia back into Montenegro, but could not prevent their subsequent advance into western Bosnia. Clearly conventional infantry divisions were too cumbersome, and so in September 1942 four specially designed mountain brigades (1st to 4th) were formed; each had two regiments totalling four 1,000-man battalions, mounted and machine gun companies, a two-gun artillery group, 16 light and 16 heavy machine guns, and six mortars. Two volunteer regiments, and a mobile Gendarmerie Brigade were also established; but by November 1942 the Partisans had occupied northern Bosnia, and the Army could only hold main towns and communications routes, abandoning the countryside.
During 1943 four Jager Brigades (5th to 8th) were set up, each with four 500-man battalions in two regiments and an artillery group, equipped for hilly terrain. The Home Guard reached its maximum size at the end of 1943, when it had 130,000 men.
By 1944 the Croatian Army had 90,000 men, though only 20,000 were front-line combat troops, organised in three mountain, four Jager and eight static garrison brigades, and the 1st Recruit Training Division.
The Croatian Home Guard also included an air force, the Air Force of the Independent State of Croatia ("Zrakoplovstvo Nezavisne Države Hrvatske", or ZNDH), the backbone of which was provided by 500 former Royal Yugoslav Air Force officers and 1,600 NCOs with 125 aircraft. By 1943 the ZNDH was 9,775 strong and equipped with 295 aircraft.
The small Navy of the Independent State of Croatia was limited by a special treaty with Fascist Italy. The Navy comprised a few riverine craft and, from 1943, coastal patrol boats. After the Italian Armistice the Croatian Navy was expanded, but the loss of even an unreliable ally further weakened the Croatian state.
Command structure.
The Home Guard was under the command of the Ministry of the Croatian Home Guard, in 1943 renamed to the Ministry of the Armed Forces (MINORS). The ministers were:
The Home Guard also had its General Staff. Chiefs of the General Staff included:
Weaknesses.
Despite being the best-armed and having the best logistics and infrastructure of all the domestic military formations in the World War II Balkans, the Croatian Home Guard failed to become an efficient fighting force for a variety of reasons.
The most immediate reason was the lack of professional officers. Although initially significant numbers of ethnic Croat officers from the old Yugoslav army joined the Croatian Home Guard, most not entirely voluntarily, they were mistrusted by the new Ustasha puppet regime. Instead, the higher ranks were filled by presumably more reliable former Austro-Hungarian officers. Those men were older, retired and generally had little knowledge of modern warfare. NDH authorities tried to remedy this by forming officer schools and having junior staff trained in Italy and Germany, but effects of this policy came too late to affect the outcome of the war.
The other, more practical, reason was the rivalry between the Croatian Home Guard and the Ustasha Militia (), the less numerous but yet more reliable paramilitary formation. Those two formations never properly integrated their activities and the Militia was gradually taking more and more dwindling resources from the Home Guard.
Third and, arguably, most important reason, the gradual decline in support for the Ustasha regime among ethnic Croats, first fueled by the abandonment of Dalmatia to Italy, then by the prospect of Home Guard troops being used by the Germans as cannon fodder on the Eastern Front – a repeat of the same traumatic experience from the First World War. This process intensified while the prospect of the Axis powers, and NDH with them, losing the war was getting more certain. Domobrani dissention, over the sadistic policies of the Ustasha, led to the outright persecution, deportation, and murder of Home Guard soldiers within the Jasenovac concentration camp system.
Defections.
As early as 1941 the Croatian Home Guards was being infiltrated by resistance groups. Yugoslav Partisans, who were based on non-sectarian ideology and had Croatian statehood as part of their pretext, were more successful in making inroads into the Home Guard than Serb-dominated Chetniks. A year later, this manifested in Croatian Partisan commanders referring to the Home Guard as their "supply depot", due to its personnel being reliable source of arms, ammunition, general supplies and intelligence.
On the other hand, among the more loyal and more pro-Axis elements of the NDH, Home Guards developed a reputation of being cowards and traitors. This reputation was not always justified.
The final stages.
Following the capitulation of Italy in September 1943 and the first aid shipments from the Western Allies, the military situation in Yugoslavia began to even more dramatically shift in favour of the Partisans. By mid-1944, many Home Guard personnel and units began to openly side with Partisans, leading to some instances of mass defections that included battalion-size formations as well as some ZNDH aircraft. By November 1944 the defections and desertions, as well as the creaming off of troops to the Ustashe Brigades or the 369th, 373rd, and 392nd so-called legionnaire divisions (Wehrmacht infantry divisions with Croatian troops under a German officer cadre) reduced the size of the Croatian Home Guard to 70,000 men, down from its peak at 130,000 in 1943.
Merge into the Croatian Armed Forces.
The NDH government, under heavy German pressure, reacted by formally integrating Croatian Home Guard and Ustasha Militia. New and more reliable officers were appointed, and draconian measures were introduced to increase discipline and prevent further defections. As a result, by May 1945, the NDH armed forces in total numbered 200,000 men.
The army of the Independent State of Croatia was organized in November 1944 to combine the units of the Ustaše and Croatian Home Guard into 18 divisions, comprising 13 infantry, two mountain, two assault and one replacement Croatian divisions, each with its own organic artillery and other support units. There were also several armoured units, equipped in late 1944 with 20 Pz IIIN and 15 Pz IVF and H medium tanks. From early 1945, the Croatian divisions were allocated to various German corps and by March 1945 were holding the Southern Front. Securing the rear areas were some 32,000 men of the Croatian Gendarmerie ("Hrvatsko Oruznistvo"), organised into five police volunteer regiments plus 15 independent battalions, equipped with standard light infantry weapons, including mortars. 
The Air Force of the Independent State of Croatia and the units of the Croatian Air Force Legion ("Hrvatska Zrakoplovna Legija", or HZL), returned from service on the Eastern Front provided some level of air support (attack, fighter and transport) right up until May 1945, encountering and sometimes defeating opposing aircraft from the British Royal Air Force, United States Air Force and the Soviet Air Force. Although 1944 had been a catastrophic year for the ZNDH, with aircraft losses amounting to 234, primarily on the ground, it entered 1945 with 196 planes. Further deliveries of new aircraft from Germany continued in the early months of 1945 to replace losses. April 1945 saw the final deliveries of up-to-date German Messerschmitt 109 G and K fighter aircraft and the ZNDH still had 176 aircraft on its strength in April 1945. 
By the end of March, 1945, it was obvious to the Croatian army command that, although the front remained intact, they would eventually be defeated by sheer lack of ammunition. For this reason, the decision was made to retreat into Austria, in order to surrender to the British forces advancing north from Italy.
In May 1945, following the final Partisan offensive and collapse of the NDH, remaining Home Guard units joined other Axis forces and civilian refugees in the last desperate attempt to seek shelter among Western allies. This resulted in many Home Guards becoming victims of the Bleiburg tragedy that followed and during which the victorious Partisans showed little mercy or even tendency to treat captured Home Guards separately from captured Ustashas. Those Home Guards who survived the ordeal, as well as members of their families, were mostly treated as second-class citizens in Tito's Yugoslavia, although there were some exceptions, most notably with the legendary sportscaster Mladen Delić. In 1945 the Partisans also destroyed the central Home Guard cemetery in Zagreb's Mirogoj Cemetery.
Home Guard in modern Croatia.
As Croatia gained independence during the Yugoslav wars, the new government under the presidency of Franjo Tuđman began the process of re-building the historical Home Guards.
Instead of treacherous quislings, or at best, a ridiculously inefficient formation, as they were portrayed by the previous communist regime, they are hailed as a symbol of Croatian statehood and military virtue, drawing on the history of the Imperial Croatian Home Guard. The very name "Home Guard" is taken as a symbol of a true Croatian soldier not being involved in any aggressive war or attacking someone else's country. For many modern Croatian nationalists, this is part of a more positive appraisal of the new Home Guards, by which World War II Home Guards presumably did not participate in the war's worst excesses.
The rehabilitation of Home Guards is only reflected in surviving Home Guards receiving pensions and other state benefits. Home Guards disabled during the war received state recognition in 1992 equivalent to Partisan veterans. The Home Guard has also received recognition from the government in helping to establish the democratic Republic of Croatia. There has been no official historical revisionism of their role in World War II, and the measure of providing pensions is viewed just as a social security measure because most of the surviving members could not provide for themselves under the communist rule, not being able to gain employment, etc.
The local-based Croatian Army regiments were named the Home Guard Regiments ("Domobranska pukovnija"). They were first created on 24 December 1991, during the Croatian War of Independence, and ceased to exist in a 2003 reorganization.

</doc>
<doc id="2853935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853935" title="Eastern Caribbean Securities Exchange">
Eastern Caribbean Securities Exchange

The Eastern Caribbean Securities Exchange (ECSE) is the first regional securities market in the Western Hemisphere and a regional Stock exchange, established by the Eastern Caribbean Central Bank (ECCB) to serve the eight member territories of Anguilla, Antigua and Barbuda, Dominica, Grenada, Montserrat, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, and Saint Vincent and the Grenadines. Its headquarters are located in the city of Basseterre, on the island of St. Kitts.

</doc>
<doc id="2853937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853937" title="North American landbirds in Britain">
North American landbirds in Britain

__NOTOC__
Many species of North American landbird have been recorded in Great Britain as vagrants. Most occur in autumn; southwest England attracts the greatest proportion, but northern and western Scotland comes a close second. Occasionally birds overwinter, and some species (e.g. Baltimore Oriole) are more prone to this than others. Vagrancy also occurs in spring, and some species (e.g. White-throated Sparrow and Dark-eyed Junco) do in fact have more records at this time than in autumn. Weather systems are thought to be the primary reason for the occurrence of birds in autumn; some birds seen in spring may simply be overshoots, although ship-assistance may also play a part.
Species list.
The following species have been recorded, and accepted as wild by the British Ornithologists' Union Records Committee:
Controversial species.
The following species have been recorded, but not accepted as wild:
References.
"To be completed

</doc>
<doc id="2853938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853938" title="Suzie McNeil">
Suzie McNeil

Susan Jane "Suzie" McNeil is a Canadian (Toronto-based) pop rock recording artist.
Biography.
Early life.
Suzie McNeil was born Susan Jane McNeil on October 15, 1976 in Mississauga, Ontario. She has two sisters, Laura Norris and Sarah McNeil, and a brother, Andrew McNeil.
Career.
2006-2009: "Career beginnings", "Broken & Beautiful" and "Rock-N-Roller".
In 2005, McNeil was a contestant on , finishing fourth overall in the competition. In January 2006, McNeil moved to Los Angeles, to develop her music career. On January 26, 2006 she announced plans to record her first CD with Executive Producer John Kalodner and Producer Marti Frederiksen. In the summer of 2006, McNeil performed as a backup singer for Pink on her North American tour.
McNeil's first single, "Believe" was featured on NBC's promo for "The Biggest Loser" reality weight-loss show as well as throughout season four of "Beauty and the Geek." The song was exclusively debuted by "King Ben's Injection of Perfection" in Sydney on September 9, 2006, to positive reaction. The single was also used to raise funds for Own the Podium at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver.
Her debut studio album, "Broken & Beautiful", was released on April 10, 2007. McNeil also appears on Matt Nathanson's album Some Mad Hope. She sings background vocals on the songs "Sooner Surrender" and "Bulletproof Weeks." She also appears on Clay Aiken's album "A Thousand Different Ways" as guest vocalist on "I Want to Know What Love Is", a cover of the Foreigner song.
McNeil's single "Hung Up" has gained significant radio airplay, especially in Canada. The music video was released to MuchMoreMusic on the week of February 19, 2007 and was uploaded to YouTube on February 10, 2007.
McNeil appeared as the character Oz in the Canadian production of "We Will Rock You" at the Canon Theater in Toronto until August 1, 2007.
McNeil has sung several versions of Marineland ad jingles.
In May 2008, McNeil released her third music video, "Lonely (Are You Coming Home?)".
McNeil held a contest for all of her fans across Canada to sing her hit single "Believe" and post it on her website and viewers would vote for who shall win.
McNeil was one of the judges on the first four seasons of the children's Canadian reality TV show, "The Next Star", on YTV, which premiered on July 18, 2008. She also recorded the theme song for the show, "Let's Go", and performed it on the show's first season finale at Canada's Wonderland in Toronto on September 28, 2008.
It was announced on October 13, 2008 during the Montreal Alouettes and Calgary Stampeders football game, that she would be one of the musical acts to play during 96th Grey Cup halftime show along with Theory Of A Deadman and Andrée Watters. The Grey Cup aired live on November 23, 2008.
On November 4, 2008, McNeil released her second solo album "Rock-n-Roller" which featured her latest Top 20 hit "Let's Go". Re-released as a deluxe edition in 2009, "Rock n Roller: Reloaded" spawned two singles, "Supergirl" and "Help Me Out".
On March 28, 2009, McNeil headlined a concert held at Nathan Philips Square in Toronto to celebrate WWF's Earth Hour.
McNeil appears in commercials for Thrive lozenges to help quit smoking.
McNeil's song "Believe" was originally recorded and released on her debut CD, Broken & Beautiful. The Olympic inspired video for "Believe" was recorded with the National Arts Centre Orchestra and released on September 17, 2007. The video stars Canadian Olympians Steve Omischl (freestyle skiing - aerials), Joannie Rochette (figure skating), and Clara Hughes (speed skating).
McNeil appeared on "Canadian Idol" winner Brian Melo's second album "The Truth".
2010-present: "Dear Love", "This Is Christmas", "Fourth Studio Album.
McNeil began the ""Dear Love"" era in November 2010 releasing the first video ""Drama Queen Intervention 1"" via. her YouTube account. It was then later, McNeil released the ""Drama Queen"" lyric video following the iTunes release date in February 2011 and the official music video release on March 17.
Nearly five months later in July 2011, McNeil released the ""Merry Go Round"" lyric video via. her YouTube account once again following iTunes release and the official music video release on December 2. McNeil has performed in many venues with tracks from the third-coming album, "Dear Love".
In February 2012 the album's third single "Tough Love" was released on radio. The single was released on iTunes in April.
On June 12, McNeil tweeted a photo of the official tracklisting of the upcoming third studio album "Dear Love", released August 7, 2012. The following tracklisting is below. On June 25, McNeil revealed the official release date as well as the official album cover in a video on her YouTube channel. The official release date "(for iTunes and in-stores)" is August 7, 2012 with pre-sales beginning July 24 along with a promo tour throughout Canada.
During the promo tour, McNeil officially confirmed "Love Can't Save Us Now" as the official fourth single from the album "Dear Love".
On November 1, 2012 McNeil confirmed she would be releasing a Christmas album titled "This Is Christmas" on November 20. The album would include her four original Christmas songs written over four years, as well as four covers of classic Christmas songs.
McNeil is currently working on her fourth studio album. Name and release date have not been confirmed

</doc>
<doc id="2853939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853939" title="Off the Beaten Track">
Off the Beaten Track

Off The Beaten Track is a compilation album by The Stranglers. It was released by EMI, who had acquired the back catalogues of the Strangler's former labels United Artists and Liberty. The compilation collects tracks which were originally only available as the A-side or B-sides to various 7" vinyl singles released by United Artists and Liberty.
The collection reached No. 80 in the UK Albums Chart in September 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="2853940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853940" title="Saint Pantaleon">
Saint Pantaleon

Saint Pantaleon ( [Panteleímon], "all-compassionate"), counted in the West among the late-medieval Fourteen Holy Helpers and in the East as one of the Holy Unmercenary Healers, was a martyr of Nicomedia in Bithynia during the Diocletian persecution of 303 AD.
Though there is evidence to suggest that a martyr named Pantaleon existed, some consider the stories of his life and death to be purely legendary.
Legends.
According to the martyrologies, Pantaleon was the son of a rich pagan, Eustorgius of Nicomedia, and had been instructed in Christianity by his Christian mother, Saint Eubula; however, after her death he fell away from the Christian church, while he studied medicine with a renowned physician Euphrosinos; under the patronage of Euphrosinos he became physician to the Emperor Maximian or Galerius.
He was won back to Christianity by Saint Hermolaus (characterized as a bishop of the church at Nicomedia in the later literature), who convinced him that Christ was the better physician, signalling the significance of the "exemplum" of Pantaleon that faith is to be trusted over medical advice, marking the direction European medicine was to take until the 16th century.
St. Alphonsus Liguori wrote regarding this incident:
He studied medicine with such success, that the Emperor Maximian appointed him his physician. One day as our saint was discoursing with a holy priest named Hermolaus, the latter, after praising the study of medicine, concluded thus: "But, my friend, of what use are all thy acquirements in this art, since thou art ignorant of the science of salvation?
By miraculously healing a blind man by invoking the name of Jesus over him, Pantaleon converted his father, upon whose death he came into possession of a large fortune, but freed his slaves and, distributing his wealth among the poor, developed a great reputation in Nicomedia. Envious colleagues denounced him to the emperor during the Diocletian persecution. The emperor wished to save him and sought to persuade him to apostasy. Pantaleon, however, openly confessed his faith, and as proof that Christ is the true God, he healed a paralytic. Notwithstanding this, he was condemned to death by the emperor, who regarded the miracle as an exhibition of magic.
According to the later hagiography, Pantaleon's flesh was first burned with torches, whereupon Christ appeared to all in the form of Hermolaus to strengthen and heal Pantaleon. The torches were extinguished. Then a bath of molten lead was prepared; when the apparition of Christ stepped into the cauldron with him, the fire went out and the lead became cold. Pantaleon was now thrown into the sea, loaded with a great stone, which floated. He was thrown to wild beasts, but these fawned upon him and could not be forced away until he had blessed them. He was bound on the wheel, but the ropes snapped, and the wheel broke. An attempt was made to behead him, but the sword bent, and the executioners were converted to Christianity.
Pantaleon implored Heaven to forgive them, for which reason he also received the name of "Panteleimon" ("mercy for everyone" or "all-compassionate"). It was not until he himself desired it that it was possible to behead him, upon which there issued forth blood and a white liquid like milk.
St. Alphonsus wrote:
At Ravello, a city in the kingdom of Naples, there is a vial of his blood, which becomes blood every year his feastday, and may be seen in this state interspersed with the milk, as I, the author of this work, have seen it.
Early veneration.
The "vitae" containing these miraculous features are all late in date and "valueless" according to the "Catholic Encyclopedia". Yet the fact of his martyrdom itself seems to be supported by a veneration for which there is testimony in the 5th century, among others in a sermon on the martyrs by Theodoret (died c. 457); Procopius of Caesarea (died c. 565?), writing on the churches and shrines constructed by Justinian I tells that the emperor rebuilt the shrine to Pantaleon at Nicomedia; and there is mention of Pantaleon in the "Martyrologium Hieronymianum".
Veneration in the East.
The Eastern tradition concerning Pantaleon follows more or less the medieval Western hagiography, but lacks any mention of a visible apparition of Christ. It states instead that Hermolaus was still alive while Pantaleon's torture was under way, but was martyred himself only shortly before Pantaleon's beheading along with two companions, Hermippas and Thermocrates. The saint is canonically depicted as a beardless young man with a full head of curly hair.
Pantaleon's relics, venerated at Nicomedia, were transferred to Constantinople. Numerous churches, shrines, and monasteries have been named for him; in the West most often as St. Pantaleon and in the East as St. Panteleimon; to him is consecrated the St. Panteleimon Monastery at Mount Athos, and the 12th-century Church of St. Panteleimon in Gorno Nerezi, in the Republic of Macedonia.
Armenians believe that the Gandzasar Monastery in Nagorno Karabakh contains relics of St. Pantaleon, who was venerated in eastern provinces of Armenia.
Veneration in Western Europe.
At the Basilica of the Vierzehnheiligen near Staffelstein in Franconia, St. Pantaleon is venerated with his hands nailed to his head, reflecting another legend about his death.
After the Black Death of the mid-14th century in Western Europe, as a patron saint of physicians and midwives, he came to be regarded as one of the fourteen guardian martyrs, the Fourteen Holy Helpers. Relics of the saint are to be found at Saint Denis at Paris; his head is venerated at Lyon. A Romanesque church was dedicated to him in Cologne in the 9th century at latest.
Italy.
In Italy, Pantaleon gives favourable lottery numbers and winners in dreams. A phial containing some of his blood was long preserved at Ravello. On the feast day of the saint, the blood was said to become fluid and to bubble (compare Saint Januarius). Paolo Veronese's painting of Pantaleon can be found in the church of San Pantalon in Venice; it shows the saint healing a child. Another painting of Pantaleon by Fumiani is also in the same church. He was depicted in an 8th-century fresco in Santa Maria Antiqua in Rome, and in a 10th-century cycle of pictures in the crypt of San Crisogono in Rome. In Calabria, there is small town named Papanice, after Pantaleon. Each year on his feast day, a statue of the saint is carried through the town to give a blessing for all those who seek it.
France.
In France, he was depicted in a window in Chartres Cathedral. In southern France there are six communes under the protective name of Saint-Pantaléon. Though there are individual churches consecrated to him elsewhere, there are no communes named for him in the north or northwest of France. The six are:

</doc>
<doc id="2853942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853942" title="A497 road">
A497 road

The A497 road is a non-primary road on the Llŷn peninsula in Gwynedd, north-west Wales.
The eastern terminus is a roundabout with the A487 in Porthmadog It runs west along the Cambrian Coast to Pwllheli then north to its western terminus at Nefyn 
Substantial improvements have been made to the A497 between Abererch, a mile or so east of Pwllheli and Llanystumdwy, a mile west of Criccieth. The new stretch of road has vastly improved access, especially for larger vehicles, to the Llŷn peninsula from the south. It is intended by the Welsh Assembly Government to upgrade the road from Porthmadog to Pwllheli to a trunk road within the next few years.

</doc>
<doc id="2853956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853956" title="Armenian Premier League">
Armenian Premier League

The Armenian Premier League () is the top football competition in Armenia. From 1936 to 1991, the competition was held as a regional tournament within the USSR. After independence, the Football Federation of Armenia has been the unit in charge. The seasons run from spring to fall. Over the years, the league has evolved into a small league consisting of only eight teams, and two minor divisions. The Premier League currently consists of eight teams, and relegates to the Armenian First League. The winner of the league is awarded a first round play-off spot in the UEFA Champions League.
Performance by club.
Matches are broadcast on ARMTV

</doc>
<doc id="2853957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853957" title="Hits Collection">
Hits Collection

Hits Collection is a compilation album by The Stranglers.

</doc>
<doc id="2853977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853977" title="Jungholz">
Jungholz

Jungholz is a town in the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol that is only accessible via Germany. The lack of a road connection to anywhere else in Austria led to Jungholz being included in the German customs area until Austria joined the EU in 1995. Letters to Jungholz can be addressed with either a German or an Austrian postcode (D-87491 and A-6691, respectively).
Quadripoint.
Jungholz forms an exclave of Austria that is connected to the rest of Austria by a single point, which is the summit of the mountain "Sorgschrofen" (1636 m). As well as housing border post number 110 on the normal international border between Tyrol and Bavaria, a second border starts and, having gone round Jungholz, ends there. There are thus borders extending in four directions from the summit, called a quadripoint. Two Austrian (Tyrolian, Reutte) and two German (Bavarian, Oberallgäu) municipalities meet at that point, starting with Jungholz and continuing clockwise:

</doc>
<doc id="2853979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853979" title="Jason &quot;J&quot; Brown">
Jason &quot;J&quot; Brown

Jason Paul "J" Brown (born 13 June 1976 in Aldershot, Hampshire, England) is an English former singer and rapper. He is best known as a former member and lead singer of boy band Five. He was the oldest member of the band, which also included Sean Conlon, Ritchie Neville, Abz Love and Scott Robinson. In 2012, it was announced that Five, along with 911, Atomic Kitten, B*Witched, Honeyz and Liberty X, would be reuniting for the ITV2 reality series "The Big Reunion", and although Brown initially agreed to take part in the reunion, he later backed out, claiming that he no longer wants to be in the public eye.
Early life and Five.
Brown was born at the Cambridge Military Hospital at Aldershot, and as a child he lived in Germany, Canada and all over the North of England. He spent his teenage and young adult life in Warrington and Newton-le-Willows before joining Five. Five were internationally successful, selling more than 20 million records over a period of five years.
As the oldest member of Five, Brown took a leading role as a dominant figure within the band, and he performed several rap verses on their songs. After the group's dissolution in 2001, it was revealed that Brown's treatment of Sean Conlon partially contributed to the latter leaving the band prior to the release of their third album Kingsize.
Failed comeback and "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!".
After Five disbanded in late 2001, Brown kept a low profile for many years, although he was involved in several protests in the London area, notably against UK involvement in the wars in the Middle East. In 2006 he joined up with three of his former band mates, Robinson, Neville and Love (fifth member Conlon was committed to a Sony contract and decided not join them) for a planned relaunch of the band. However, not enough record company interest was generated, and Five's comeback was abandoned less than nine months later.
Soon after Five's relaunch plan was abandoned, Brown became a contestant on the seventh series of ITV's "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!". He made it into the final along with Christopher Biggins and Janice Dickinson, and finished in third place. He also appeared as a part of Anthony McPartlin's team on "Ant & Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway" (February – March 2008). Soon after he appeared on Fiver's "Generation Sex", he has recently become involved in writing/producing for other musicians. Brown currently resides in the South Wales Valleys.
Second Five comeback.
After Brown's ex-bandmate Conlon appeared on "The Voice UK" on 24 March 2012 and failed to make it past the audition stage, discussions were had between the former bandmates about the possibility of a second reunion. Five later announced that they would be reforming for the ITV2 series "The Big Reunion", but at the last minute, Brown pulled out of the reunion and refused to be part of the show, claiming that he no longer wants to be in the public eye.
"The Big Reunion: On Tour", an additional mini-series featuring the bands as they embarked on their arena tour, began airing on ITV2 on 5 September 2013. Brown also returned to hit back at accusations made by his bandmates. He acknowledged his behaviour could have been seen as loud and overbearing, but he denied bullying Conlon. During a meeting with Abz Love, Brown explained he has moved on and that he does not feel comfortable returning to Five.

</doc>
<doc id="2853981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853981" title="The Early Years '74 '75 '76 Rare Live and Unreleased">
The Early Years '74 '75 '76 Rare Live and Unreleased

"The Early Years '74 '75 '76 Rare Live and Unreleased" is a mish-mash of early live and demo recordings by The Stranglers. As can be imagined, given the age of these recordings and that the best recording equipment was probably not available, the sound quality is fairly poor; however, this material stands as a rare (and welcome) insight into the band's evolution. In addition to the CD release, a limited-edition double LP in coloured vinyl was produced.
The 1974 demo tracks feature Hans Wärmling on keyboards.
Track listing.
The Demo's (11-12 July '76)
Live - Hammersmith Odeon (23 October 1976)
The Demo's (September '74)
Live - Railway Tavern (November '75)

</doc>
<doc id="2853988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853988" title="Coline Serreau">
Coline Serreau

Coline Serreau (born 29 October 1947) is a French actress, film director and writer.
Early life and education.
She was born in Paris, France. In Paris, Serreau studied literature, music and theatre as well as the circus.
Career.
In 1970 she made her debut as an actress at the Théâtre du Vieux-Colombier.
Serreau wrote her first screenplay in 1973.
Her first film, the documentary film "Mais qu'est-ce qu'elles veulent?" (1978), literally: "But What Is It That They Want?", was a compilation of interviews with women from various backgrounds. The frankness of the statements shocked parts of the public.
Her biggest commercial success was the comedy film "Three Men and a Cradle" ("Trois hommes et un couffin"; 1985), for which she received three César Awards in 1986. It was also nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
In 1986, her first drama for the stage "Lapin Lapin" ("Rabbit Rabbit"), directed by Benno Besson, had its world premiere. She collaborated with Besson for several years and he also staged "Le théâtre de verdure" (1987) and "Quisaitout et Grobêta" (1993).

</doc>
<doc id="2853992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853992" title="Wong Peng Soon">
Wong Peng Soon

Wong Peng Soon, MBE () (1918 – May 22, 1996 ) was an ethnic Chinese badminton player who reigned as a top player in Malaya from the 1930s to the 1950s. Noted for his smooth but powerful strokes and graceful footwork, he won the singles title seven times in Singapore and eight times in Malaya during this period, as well as being the top player in the Danish Open, the Indian Open, and the Philippines Open to name a few.
In 1950, he became the first Asian to win the All-England Championships, and won the title again in 1951, 1952, and 1955, earning him an international reputation as the "Great Wong". He was also a member of the victorious Malayan Thomas Cup teams of 1949, 1952, and 1955, serving as captain of the last.
His contribution to the sport was recognized when was made a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE). In 1962, he made local history as the first and still the only sportsperson to date to be awarded the Sijil Kemuliaan (Certificate of Honour) by the Government of Singapore.
Three years following his death in 1996, at the age of 78, due to pneumonia, the International Badminton Federation inducted him into its Hall of Fame in May 1999. Then chairman of the IBF, H R Ward, commented, that "Wong was one of the most remarkable players" and "had enhanced the sport through exceptional achievements".

</doc>
<doc id="2853996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853996" title="Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre">
Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre

The Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, alternatively Peter MacCallum Cancer Institute is a major centre for cancer treatment, professional oncologist training, and oncology research in Australia. It is named after Professor Sir Peter MacCallum.
The centre is Australia’s only public hospital dedicated to cancer treatment, research and education.
It is one of the few cancer treatment facilities in the world that has a fully integrated clinical and laboratory program situated alongside a hospital. This facilitates the translation of research findings into clinical outcomes within the single site.
Research programs at the Centre include the Australian Cancer Research Foundation (ACRF) Cancer Cell Biology Program and the ACRF Victorian Centre for Functional Genomics in Cancer.
The Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre offers much in the way of integrated services — including medical oncology and radiation oncology facilities and links with allied health services such as physiotherapy, occupational therapy, dietetics, speech therapy and social services.
History.
The Victorian Cancer Institute's cancer hospital was given the title "Peter MacCallum Clinic" after the (then) Dean of the Faculty of Medicine at Melbourne University, Peter MacCallum, who along with Rutherford Kaye-Scott had a significant role in its founding. At the time (c. 1949) it was a common practice not to inform patients that they had cancer. It was thought that, because radiotherapy was also quite commonly used at that time to treat non-cancerous conditions such as severe acne, "strawberry birthmarks", frozen shoulders, keloid scars — and, also, to provide a valuable, non-invasive means for medical sterilization — the name "Peter MacCallum Clinic" would be much less threatening because the "Clinic" could be "positioned" as a specialist radiotherapeutic Centre, rather it being thought of as a dedicated cancer hospital.
Current location.
Its main campus operates in East Melbourne with satellite services at Bendigo Base Hospital, Box Hill Hospital, Monash Medical Centre (Moorabbin campus, in East Bentleigh), and Sunshine Hospital in St Albans.
The East Melbourne campus is located at the site of the former St Andrew's Hospital (that was run by the Presbyterian Church), to which the (then) Peter MacCallum Clinic (which was formerly at the corner of William Street and Little Lonsdale Street) moved in the 1990s.
It is due to move to Parkville, Victoria in 2016, where it will integrate with the Royal Melbourne Hospital, as well as being near to the Royal Women's Hospital and Royal Children's Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="2853997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853997" title="C F Booth">
C F Booth

C F Booth Ltd is a family-owned scrap metal and recycling business based in Rotherham, South Yorkshire, England.
Operations.
Clarence Frederick Booth founded the business in 1920, as a metal purchaser and trader. Over the companies history, there have been a number of associated sites and businesses including: a rail served site in Doncaster (closed); and a site in Aston, near Rotherham, which concentrated on dismantling buses.
Today the companies main site is the Clarence Metal Works, located on the residual southern section of the Sheffield and Rotherham Railway adjacent to the Rotherham Ring Road. Obtained in the 1960s, the railway embankment was removed and the ground level access allowed for asier dismantling of redundant diesel and electric locomotives. This work continues at present, although a number of the vehicles bought are now resold for preservation. Many wagons, carriages, underground and departmental stock are also processed here. C F Booth was involved in one of the most high-profile scrapping contracts for British Rail of all time, with the media descending on the site for the arrival and scrapping of several vehicles from the APT fleet in 1987. Rail vehicles can still be brought in through a connection to Network Rail, although much is now brought in by road. Cable and electrical equipment is also a significant part of the business, but the interest in the railway activities and the proximity of the railway sidings to roads give this side of the business a high profile.
Present.
The Clarence Works site is essentially a scrapyard for ferrous and non ferrous metals, and non ferrous Melting Shop. The company's gantry cranes and three Derrick cranes make the site quite distinctive.
In 1989 the company introduced a copper alloy melting division, to service the foundry industry with copper-based ingots for re-melting purposes. Today it is one of the largest manufacturers of copper based products in the United Kingdom. The firm also provides machining services on large billet and slab metal sections, which supply customers in the marine, oil and gas and defence industries.
In 2012 the company achieved the Queens Award for International Trade. Company turnover is circa £170 million.
Millmoor.
In 1987, Ken Booth bought Rotherham United F.C. out of administration. For 17 years, the Booth family owned the club, with Booth chairman. After the collapse of the ITV Digital deal, and with club debts at £3 million, the family sold the club for a nominal £1 in December 2004 to a group of supporters lead by solicitor Peter Ruchniewicz, in returning for gaining ownership of the clubs ground at Millmoor (located adjacent to the firms main scrapyard, the Clarence Metal Works), the Tivoli nightclub in front of it and the Hooton Lodge training ground.
The club paid the Booth's £200,000 per annum in rent, and were responsible for the grounds maintenance and up keep. The club started a ground upgrade programme, but came into dispute with the Booth's over the lease period and additional fee's, which included: 30 free tickets to every home match, with entertainment; advertising in the ground; and first call on away tickets and FA Cup final tickets. 
In May 2008, Rotherham United left Millmoor after talks with Ken Booth broke down. The team moved to the Don Valley Stadium in Sheffield until 2012, when the club moved into a new community stadium in Rotherham. Millmoor is currently unused.

</doc>
<doc id="2854001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854001" title="Juliusz Zulauf">
Juliusz Zulauf

Juliusz Zulauf (August 20, 1891 – May 21, 1943) was a Polish Army major general ("generał brygady"). A recipient of the "Virtuti Militari", he fought with distinction during World War I, the Polish-Ukrainian War, the Polish-Soviet War, and the 1939 invasion of Poland. 
Juliusz Zulauf was born in Lwów, then the capital of Austro-Hungarian Galicia. In 1910, after graduating from a local gymnasium, he joined the Lwów University of Science and Technology. There, at the age of 18, he joined the Związek Walki Czynnej and the Związek Strzelecki. After the outbreak of The Great War, on September 1, 1914, he joined the Polish Legions. In 1915 he was promoted to first lieutenant and then to captain. He commanded a company of infantry in the 2nd Legions Infantry Regiment and then in 5th Infantry Regiment. Wounded in July 1916, during the battle of Opłowa he was taken prisoner of war by the Russians. However, Zulauf managed to escape from captivity and cross the front lines to rejoin the Polish Legions. After the Oath Crisis of 1917 he was drafted into the Austro-Hungarian Army.
After Poland was reestablished in 1918, Juliusz Zulauf returned to his hometown, where he joined the Polish Army and took part in the defence of Lwów during the Polish-Ukrainian War. On May 11, 1919, he was given the command of the Polish 4th Legions Infantry Regiment and took part in the opening stages of the Polish-Bolshevik War. Heavily wounded in August of that year, he quickly recovered. However, he did not reassume his former post and instead became the commanding officer of the garrison of Radom on October 1 of that year. 
After the cease fire agreement, on March 23, 1921, he became a peacetime commander of the 28th "Kaniów Rifles" Infantry Regiment and, since September 28 of that year, commanding officer of the 19th Infantry Regiment. Promoted to colonel in 1923, between 1926 and 1927 Zulauf commanded the 3rd Infantry Regiment, only to be promoted to the commander of infantry of the 5th Infantry Division. He held that post until April 1930, when he was promoted to commanding officer of the prestigious Polish 2nd Legions Infantry Division stationed in Kielce. For his service on January 1, 1932, he was promoted to the rank of brigadier general. From 1937 on, he commanded the Lwów-based 5th Infantry Division and with that unit he was active during the Invasion of Poland. After heavy fighting, his division was reduced to only one regiment, but managed to break through to Warsaw and took part in the defence of the Polish capital as part of the Warszawa Army. From September 14, Zulauf commanded the eastern perimeter of Warsaw's defences, in the city's easternmost district, Praga. 
After Warsaw's capitulation (September 28), Zulauf was taken prisoner of war by the Germans. He died May 21, 1943 at Oflag VIIA in Murnau. 
His daughter Irena has donated many of Zulauf's personal belongings to the Kielce municipal museum.

</doc>
<doc id="2854011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854011" title="You Sexy Thing">
You Sexy Thing

"You Sexy Thing" is a song recorded by the British group, Hot Chocolate. It was written by Hot Chocolate's lead singer Errol Brown, and produced by Mickie Most. It reached number 2 in the UK Singles Chart in 1975, and number 3 in the US Pop charts a year later. The song went on to gain lasting notability by being featured in many hit films, such as 1997's "The Full Monty".
Overview.
The song was originally a 1975 B-side. Not convinced that the song was a hit, producer Most put it on the flip-side of the Hot Chocolate single "Blue Night". The song was remixed at a later date by Most, who re-released it as an A-side some months later on his RAK label. The song was a hit and ultimately became the group's best-known song. In the UK the song was poised for the no. 1 spot, but was beaten to it by "Bohemian Rhapsody", when on 29 November 1975 the Queen single leaped above it from no. 9.
A 1987 remix by Ben Liebrand hit number 10. When it was featured in the film, "The Full Monty" in 1997, it went to number six in the chart. In one of the most memorable scenes in the film, the male lead, Gaz (played by Robert Carlyle) performs a "striptease" to the music of "You Sexy Thing". The song is later heard over the closing credits and is also included in the 2013 play version of The Full Monty. "You Sexy Thing" has also been heard in other films including "Boogie Nights", "Reservoir Dogs", "Bicentennial Man", "Heavyweights", "Rat Race", "Dude, Where's My Car", ', "About Schmidt" and "Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist", ', and in 2010 the movie "Grown Ups". Another U.S. resurgence in 1999 can be credited to a Burger King television commercial in which the song played while the camera examined a Double Whopper. The song has recently been featured in television advertisements for a new series, "Hot in Cleveland", on TV Land. and on the Swiffer Dusters cleaning product.
It was featured in a TV commercial for the 2014 Chevrolet Silverado that aired during Fox's coverage of Super Bowl XLVIII on February 2, 2014. In addition, it is the only song to enter the UK Top Ten in the 1970s, 1980s and 1990s.
Structure.
"You Sexy Thing" has a simple structure, with most of the song alternating between two major chords (F and Bb). It has a chorus-verse form. One of the song's most memorable aspects is its distinctive six note riff which is repeated intermittently throughout, played on a mildly overdriven electric guitar on a high treble setting and with noticeable vibrato. Eschewing the traditional rock drum kit, the song uses hand drums, played in a style reminiscent of tabla. A number of violins accompany the rhythm section. Brown's vocals are sung in an energetic soul fashion, accentuated by the occasional high-pitched, Isley Brothers-style scream.
Cover versions.
"You Sexy Thing" was covered by Tom Tom Club in 1992 on their album "Dark Sneak Love Action". It was also covered by Deee-Lite in 1994. Two more covers were released at almost the same time as the 1997 re-issue of the Hot Chocolate original. Thus, for one week, the UK Singles Chart boasted three versions of the song. One cover was by the pop/dance act Clock. The other version, by pop duo T-Shirt, featuring actress Chloé Treend and songwriter Miranda Cooper, went to number 5 in New Zealand and sold triple platinum in Australia, where the single reached #6 and stayed in the ARIA Charts for 32 weeks. Hot Chocolate lead singer Errol Brown appeared in the film clip. Both were re-workings with the original music and lyrics but with new added additional rap/vocal segments. Welsh band Stereophonics also covered the song for the "" album. Bruce Springsteen has covered the song several times at his live performances, including during his final concert at Giants Stadium on 9 October 2009, during which he took a sign from a fan requesting the song and held it up for the audience to see as he performed it.

</doc>
<doc id="2854012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854012" title="Madlyn-Ann C. Woolwich">
Madlyn-Ann C. Woolwich

Madlyn-Ann Crawford Woolwich (born 1937) is an American pastel and oil painter in impressionist style of landscapes, floral gardens and still lifes, and an author on the subject.
Born in Fall River, Massachusetts, Woolwich obtained BS and M.Ed degrees from Bridgewater State College, Massachusetts, with further study at Parson's School of Design, The American Academy of Design, NYC, The University of Massachusetts (Dartmouth Campus) and Brookdale Community College, New Jersey.
She is a Master Pastelist, Pastel Society of America, signature member and former National Vice President of Knickerbocker Artists USA.
As a writer, Woolwich has written feature articles for "The Artist's Magazine" and "Pastel Journal" and has been included in books as a featured artist in several publications. Her first book, "Pastel Interpretations", was published in 1993, given a three month museum exhibition of the included artists at the Monmouth Museum, and republished in 1995 in Asnières, France by the Ulisses Publishing Company. Her second book, "The Art of Pastel Portraiture", published by Watson-Guptill in July, 1995 has also been published in China.
Woolwich lives and works in Long Branch, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="2854015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854015" title="Chester General rail crash">
Chester General rail crash

The Chester General rail crash occurred on 8 May 1972 at Chester railway station (traditionally known as Chester General station) in northwest England.
Course of events.
The 19:31 freight train from Ellesmere Port to Mold Junction consisted of 38 wagons hauled by a Class 24 diesel locomotive no. 5028. The first five wagons were tank wagons containing kerosene, petrol and gas oil.
At around 20:50 the train was approaching Chester on a 1 in 100 falling gradient when the driver discovered that the brakes had failed. It ran past a signal at danger and through a set of points which were set for no. 11 bay platform, where an empty diesel multiple unit was standing.
As there was nothing more he could do, the driver jumped out onto the platform with the train still travelling at around 20 mph. It ploughed straight into the DMU and completely destroyed the first coach. The second coach was torn from its bogies and thrown up onto the platform where it demolished the refreshment room wall. Fortunately there were very few people on that part of the station, although the staff in the refreshment room had to shelter themselves from falling masonry.
A major fire broke out when the burst fuel tanks of the trains ignited, but fortunately the fire brigade were based nearby and arrived within a couple of minutes. They were able to rescue a trapped postal worker and evacuated several passengers from an adjacent (fortunately lightly loaded) train before it too was engulfed by the fire.
Damage caused to the trains was severe, especially after petrol from two of the tank wagons began to boil and was forced out of the pressure relief valves, whereupon it ignited. The fire was not extinguished until 00:20 the following day.
The trains involved were all written off and a section of the station roof was damaged and consequently removed.
Causes.
The first eight wagons were equipped with the vacuum brake but the pipes had not been connected. The train had run from Ellesmere Port as an unbraked freight train and stopped at Helsby, where it needed to reverse. The guard had forgotten to connect the vacuum pipes when the locomotive coupled up to the opposite end of the train, so that extra brake power was not available on the falling gradient into Chester. The driver had also omitted to carry out a brake test before departure.

</doc>
<doc id="2854019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854019" title="Si and Am">
Si and Am

Si and Am are two fictional characters, Siamese cats featured in the film "Lady and the Tramp" (1955). 
Background.
Si and Am are associated with anti-Asian sentiments in the 1950s United States. They can be traced to the anti-Japanese propaganda of World War II and anti-Korean propaganda of the Korean War. They represent a Yellow Peril-style threat for the domestic bliss of the Dear household. They are aggressors who pose as victims. 
Depiction.
Si and Am are transported into the Dear residence in a picnic basket. When its lead is raised, Lady is introduced to two pairs of mysterious eyes. Bright eyes, shrouded in darkness. Then a slinky black tail emerges to tap the hindquarters of the dog. Soon two tails dance like charmed snakes. Their head and shoulders next appear, as Si and Am start a synchronized dance. They sing about being Siamese. The cats leave the room where their song begun to explore another one, and Lady follows them. Their attention is drawn to a bird cage, and one of them reaches a paw inside the cage. At this point, Lady reacts and attempts to chase them off. They use a sofa to jump onto a piano, the movement causing them to knock down a vase of roses. The keyboard and bench of the piano get soaked in water. 
Si and Am next shift their attention to a nearby fishbowl. To reach their potential meal they shred drapes and pull at the cloth where the bowl rests. Lady grabs the other end and engages the cats in a tug of war. They soon release their grip, allowing cloth and fishbowl to fall. The fish flops on the carpet and the cats attempt to catch it. Lady snatches it way and transports it back to the bawl, only to find a cat waiting there in ambush. Meanwhile, the other cat is attempting to reach the bird cage. 
The cats are distracted by the sound of a baby crying. They go off in search of the nursery and milk. Lady manages to rescue the fish and then gives chase to the cats. The ruckus attracts the attention of their owner, Aunt Sarah. She arrives to find her pets crying in pretend agony. She soothes the cats, and scolds the dog. In reaction Si and Am exhange smiles and lock their tails in solidarity. 
Description.
Si and Am have almond-shaped eyes, colored pale blue. They are slanted in the exaggerated stereotype of an Oriental appearance. They are drawn sleek and slender. Their necks extend like periscopes, allowing them to survey their surroundings. Their genders are undetermined, though their physiques suggest they are feminine. They have buck teeth. They are yellow in color. Buck teeth, slit eyes, and yellow-tinted skin are stereotypical traits of Asians in typical Yellow Peril depictions. 
They have erect and formal posture, with their backs straight, their necks elongated, and shoulders back. The image of a well-bred lady. They walk with a feminine gait. 
They speak and sing with a clearly foreign accent. Their lines are peppered with errors of both grammar and syntax, and dominated by the long "e" sound. "Their lyrics suffer from unidiomatic expressions and a loss of be-verbs", alluding to characteristics of Chinese Pidgin English. 

</doc>
<doc id="2854020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854020" title="List of companies of Saint Lucia">
List of companies of Saint Lucia

This is a list of notable companies in Saint Lucia, grouped by their Industry Classification Benchmark sector.

</doc>
<doc id="2854021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854021" title="Live at the Hope and Anchor">
Live at the Hope and Anchor

Live at the Hope and Anchor is a live album by The Stranglers. It consists of an entire set from a concert at the Hope and Anchor pub in Islington, North London, recorded on 22 November 1977. This particular concert took place on the opening night of the "Front Row Festival", a series of shows by regulars of the venue during 1977. The album was originally only available as a bootleg recording. The song "Tits" featured on the white EP that was given away free with the first 75000 copies of the band's "Black and White" album in 1978. "Hanging Around" and "Straighten Out" were included on the "Front Row Festival" album, released in 1978. Many of the songs in the band's set that night were played by request; for this show, they rehearsed their entire catalogue. It is regarded as one of the band's more memorable shows. In 1992 the whole concert received an official release, produced by bassist/vocalist J J Burnel.

</doc>
<doc id="2854022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854022" title="Sigmundur Brestisson">
Sigmundur Brestisson

Sigmundur Brestisson (961 – 1005) introduced Christianity to the Faroe Islands in 999. He is one of the main characters of the Færeyinga saga.
According to the Færeyinga Saga, emigrants who left Norway to escape the tyranny of Harald I of Norway, settled in the islands about the beginning of the 9th century. Early in the 11th century, Sigmundur, whose family had flourished in the southern islands but had been almost exterminated by invaders from the north, was sent back to the Faroe Islands, whence he had escaped, to take possession of the islands for Olaf Tryggvason, king of Norway.
Sigmundur was the first Faroe-man to convert to the Christian faith, bringing Christianity to the Faroes at the decree of Olaf Tryggvason. Initially Sigmundur sought to convert the islanders by reading the decree to the Alting in Tórshavn, but was nearly killed by the resulting angry mob. He then changed his tactics, went with armed men to the residence of the chieftain Tróndur í Gøtu and broke in his house by night. He offered him the choice between accepting Christianity or face beheading; he chose the former.
Later on, in 1005, Tróndur í Gøtu attacked Sigmund by night at his yard in Skúvoy, whereupon Sigmundur fled by swimming to Sandvík on Suðuroy. He reached land in Sigmundargjógv in Sandvík, but a farmer in the village killed the exhausted Sigmundur, and stole his precious golden arm ring.
According to tradition, his gravestone is located in the so-called "Sigmundarsteinur" in Skúvoy. It bears a carved cross and was part of the old church.

</doc>
<doc id="2854030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854030" title="USS Flusser (DD-368)">
USS Flusser (DD-368)

The fourth USS "Flusser" (DD-368) was a "Mahan"-class destroyer in the United States Navy before and during World War II. She was named for Charles W. Flusser.
History.
"Flusser" was launched 28 September 1935 by Federal Shipbuilding and Drydock Company, Kearny, New Jersey; sponsored by Mrs. F. W. Packard; and commissioned 1 October 1936, Commander F. L. Lowe in command.
"Flusser" sailed from New York 1 December 1936 for a shakedown cruise which found her operating with Squadron 40-T, a unit formed to protect American interests in the Western Mediterranean during the Spanish Civil War. She returned to Hampton Roads 9 February 1937, and for the next 5 months operated along the east coast as far north as Maine. On 16 July, she arrived at San Diego, California, her base for Pacific and Caribbean operations until October 1939, aside from a 2-week visit to Washington earlier that year.
World War II.
Based at Pearl Harbor, she took part in intensive training operations with ships of all types, and on 5 December 1941 put to sea screening "Lexington" (CV-2). Thus away from base at the time of the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, "Flusser's" force sought the retiring Japanese after the attack, then returned to their devastated home port 12 December. Through April 1942, "Flusser" sailed on convoy escort duty between Pearl Harbor and the west coast, and then cleared for Palmyra Atoll, where on 21 April she landed a small marine garrison. Continuing on, she began a period of escort and patrol service out of various southwest Pacific ports, on several occasions putting in to Australian ports.
Overhauled at Pearl Harbor between July 1942 and February 1943, "Flusser" returned to escort, antisubmarine, and training operations in the southern Solomon Islands. After replenishing at Pearl Harbor between 25 July and 4 August 1942, "Flusser" returned to Efate 17 August to resume escort and patrol operations to the Fiji Islands, Espiritu Santo, Samoa, and Tonga, returning to Pearl Harbor for overhaul between September and February 1943. Once more at Espiritu Santo 17 February, "Flusser" again escorted convoys of auxiliaries as well as warships among southwest Pacific bases, to and from Australia, and to Guadalcanal. She returned from Australia to Milne Bay 22 August, and based here for the New Guinea operation. Participating in the landings at Lae and Finschhafen, she conducted preinvasion bombardment, gave fire support cover to the assaults, escorted reinforcement and re-supply convoys, and on 22 September, attacked and sank three Japanese barges at Finschhafen. "Flusser" next participated in the bombardment and landing at Arawe, New Britain, and had similar duty in the occupation of Cape Gloucester and Saidor.
1944 - 1945.
From 11 January 1944 to 30 January, "Flusser" had a brief overhaul; she then took part in exercises in Australian waters, returning to Milne Bay for duty escorting convoys to Saidor and Cape Gloucester, and taking part in the landings on Los Negros, Admiralty Islands. Her constant activity in the New Guinea area made a west coast overhaul imperative, and she received this at Mare Island between April and June.
Departing Pearl Harbor 1 August 1944, "Flusser" escorted a convoy to Eniwetok, and arrived at Majuro 16 August for 6 weeks of duty patrolling off the bypassed Japanese-held atolls in the southern Marshall Islands. On 7 September, in an engagement with a shore battery on Wotje, nine of her men were wounded. Leaving Majuro 1 October on escort duty to Eniwetok, Ulithi, and Hollandia, she sailed north for San Pedro Bay, arriving 29 October for patrol duty in Leyte Gulf and Surigao Strait. On 18 November, she shot down a kamikaze plane, which crashed so close aboard that the pilot's parachute landed on the ship's forecastle.
Continuing her support of the Philippines operation, "Flusser" escorted reinforcement convoys to Leyte from Hollandia, and on 4 December 1944, received damage from the near miss of a Japanese suicide plane. A heavy air attack was launched at her group the next day, during which "Flusser" downed several planes, and rescued survivors of LSM-20 following a kamikaze attack. The destroyer sailed from Leyte 6 December to cover the landings at Ormoc Bay, and next day her group was attacked by the first of many waves of suicide planes. "Flusser" shot down at least one of these, and aided survivors of stricken ships, screening "Lamson" (DD-367) back to San Pedro.
"Flusser" sailed to Hollandia and Biak to prepare for the Lingayen operation, and arrived in Lingayen Gulf escorting the second group of reinforcements 13 January 1945. She covered the landings at Nasugbu on 31 January, then participated in the assault at Puerto Princesa, Palawan, as well as convoying escort forces between Leyte, Mindoro, and Palawan.
"Flusser" remained in the Philippines, joining in the landings on Cebu 26 March 1945 and escorting support convoys to that island, then escorted resupply convoys from Morotai to Polloc Harbor and Davao Gulf until 1 July. She participated in the Balikpapan operation, covering the landings, and escorting ships from Morotai, until 20 July, when she arrived at Manila. After brief overhaul, she sailed 31 August for escort duty to Okinawa, then arrived at Sasebo 16 September for occupation duty. Her officers served on teams inspecting Japanese naval and merchant shipping at Sasebo until 29 October, when the destroyer departed for San Diego, arriving 19 November.
Fate.
During the summer of 1946, "Flusser" took part in Operation Crossroads, the atomic weapons tests in the Marshalls. She returned to Pearl Harbor from this duty 14 September, and on 12 November arrived at Norfolk, Virginia, where she was decommissioned 16 December 1946 and sold 6 January 1948.
"Flusser" received eight battle stars for World War II service.

</doc>
<doc id="2854031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854031" title="G. S. Pradeep">
G. S. Pradeep

Gangatharanpillai Soudaminithankachi Pradeep (; Born 15 May 1972, Kerala) is an Indian television personality born to retired headmaster P.K.Gangadhara Pillai and Late Soudamini Thankachy. He is most notable for appearing on Aswamedham, being featured in the Limca Book of Records. He is also a state level carrom player and the author of 5 books. He was a contestant in the reality show 'Malayalee House' aired in Surya TV.

</doc>
<doc id="2854044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854044" title="Separated at birth">
Separated at birth

Separated at birth, usually phrased as a question, is a light-hearted media device for pointing out people who are unrelated but bear a notable facial resemblance, implying that they are twins who were separated soon after being born and presumably adopted by separate families.
The title "Separated at Birth?" was a trademark of Spy Publishing Partners, the publishers of the now defunct Spy Magazine, a monthly publication that published satire, humor, and investigative journalism from 1986 to 1998. The magazine would pair two carefully selected photos of two unrelated famous persons and the juxtaposition would highlight their physical similarities to humorous effect.
There were several "Separated at Birth?" books issued around the same time, with whimsical comparisons such as Mick Jagger vs. Don Knotts as the fictional film character "The Incredible Mr. Limpet"

</doc>
<doc id="2854046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854046" title="Otelo">
Otelo

Otelo was the Office of the Telecommunications Ombudsman in the United Kingdom, superseded by Ombudsman Services.
The organisation dealt with complaints about:

</doc>
<doc id="2854054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854054" title="Colin Egar">
Colin Egar

Colin John "Col" Egar (30 March 1928 – 4 September 2008) was an Australian Test cricket umpire.
Born in Malvern, South Australia, Egar umpired 29 Test matches between 1960 and 1969.
First-class debut.
Egar started his career as an umpire of Australian rules football and he quickly gained a reputation for being a forthright arbiter. He became an umpire in district cricket, and gained a reputation for his willingness to no-ball suspicious bowlers for throwing. In his district career, he called bowlers on eight occasions, not counting multiple no-ball calls against a bowler in the same match.
Egar made his first-class umpiring debut during the 1956–57 season when he stood in South Australia's home Sheffield Shield match against Queensland at the Adelaide Oval. This was Egar's only appointment for the season. At the time, there were no neutral umpires, and the host association provided the officials, so Egar's Sheffield fixtures all took place at the Adelaide Oval. During that era, the Shield program consisted of eight matches for each state, with four home games.
The following season, Egar became more of a regular, standing in three of the four matches at Adelaide Oval. In 1958–59, Egar stood in all but one of South Australia's three home Shield matches, and officiated a game involving an international team for the first time. He oversaw two matches between South Australia and the touring England cricket team of Peter May, but he was not appointed in any of the five Tests.
At the end of this season, the veteran Australian Test umpire Mel McInnes retired after a controversial season and a series of questionable decisions that prompted May and English manager Freddie Brown to call for his standing down. This left a vacancy for an Australian Test umpire. During the 1959–60 Australian summer, there were no home Tests as the national team was in the Indian subcontinent. In the meantime, Egar stood in all four Shield matches at the Adelaide Oval. The 1960–61 season saw the first Tests on Australian soil since McInnes's retirement. Egar stood in South Australia's matches against Victoria, the West Indies and Tasmania, before being selected to make his Test debut.
In the match against Victoria, he made his first throwing call against a bowler at first-class level. During the match, Egar no-balled South Australian fast bowler Brian Quigley twice on the first day as Victoria batted first. He did so from the bowler's end as Quigley was trying to extract extra pace from the slow pitch. As the calls were made from the bowler's end, almost all of the spectators thought it was for Quigley overstepping the bowling mark, the most common mode of infringement; the fact that Egar made called the bowler for throwing only became apparent to most in the newspapers the next day. Quigley changed his action, but his results thereafter were not enough to gain selection.
Test debut in the Tied Test.
His first match was between Australia and the West Indies at Brisbane on 9–14 December 1960. The game resulted in the first tie in Test match history when Egar's partner Col Hoy adjudged Ian Meckiff run out during the final over of the match. Hoy and Egar stood in every match of that most dramatic of all Test series, and the West Indies captain Frank Worrell was full of praise for the umpiring in that tension-filled series. Hoy wrote in the newspapers about his experiences at the end of the season; at the time, the practice of player and officials concurrently doing media work was heavily frowned upon and he never umpired a Test again.
Due to his Test commitments, Egar stood in only two Shield matches for the season. In the following summer, 1961–62, Egar stood in all four Adelaide Oval Shield matches as well as a match against a touring New Zealand team. There were no Tests during the season. In the match against New Zealand, he no-balled South Australian paceman Gordon Brooks for throwing in the sixth ball of his first over. It was Brooks' tenth first-class match, having made his debut in the same season. Egar had ruled Brooks legitimate in four previous matches at first-class level, but had no-balled him in a district match in Adelaide. However, Brooks played in a further 16 matches for South Australia over the following three years without incident.
During the 1962–63 season, Egar officiated in Ashes Tests against England for the first time, standing in four of the five Tests, missing the Third Test at Sydney. He stood in four of South Australia's home matches, two in the Shield, and the others against England.
Ian Meckiff.
In the late 1950s and early 1960s, there was increasing concern in the cricket community about illegal bowling actions, especially as during that period there were only home umpires, rather than officials from third nations. Several conferences were held to discuss issues of enforcement and modifications to the laws of cricket. One of the main points of controversy was the Australian fast bowler Ian Meckiff, whose action had particularly angered the English press and parts of the cricket community. During the Tests in 1960–61, as well as in other first-class matches, Egar officiated over Meckiff's bowling, and deemed his bowling legitimate. The bowler noted that the umpire had told him that there was little point in changing his action.
Meckiff was not selected in Tests after some poor performances in 1960–61. In 1962–63, Meckiff was again under the spotlight. He topped the bowling averages for the Australian first-class season with 58 wickets at 19.86 from ten matches, as Victoria won the Sheffield Shield. Meckiff was hoping to regain his Test place, but was not selected despite his success. Problems arose when he was no-balled in separate matches, by Jack Kierse in a match hosted by South Australia, and another hosted by Queensland. In both matches he continued bowling without further incident.
Meckiff's performances as the leading wicket-taker during the 1962–63 season meant that he could not be justifiably denied national selection on grounds of productivity, so the matter of his legitimacy had to be resolved. Meanwhile, the retirement of pace spearhead Alan Davidson left a vacancy in the Australian team ahead of the 1963–64 home Test series against South Africa. In the first two matches of the season in Melbourne, Meckiff took 11 wickets and was recalled to the team for the First Test in Brisbane.
At the start of the season, the Australian Board of Control had issued a directive calling on the umpires to "get tough" in enforcing the laws of cricket, and asked the state associations to "back the umpires to the fullest extent". In the lead-up to the Test, Meckiff was the centre of media attention, and one report described him as cricket's "bogey man". The South Africans were reportedly stunned by Meckiff's selection, giving the impression that they considered him an illegitimate bowler. Reaction in England was also hostile, ahead of Australia's forthcoming tour in the English summer of 1964. They unequivocally called Meckiff a thrower.
The Brisbane Test was dubbed "Meckiff's Test" by the Australian media; speculation abounded that the bowler was being chosen so that he could be no-balled as a public relations effort to promote Australia's anti-throwing credentials. Keith Miller predicted that the umpires Egar and Lou Rowan would be having sleepless nights and claimed that the selectors would be biting their fingernails, and that he Meckiff might be a scapegoat for the anti-throwing movement. Many were taken aback by the circumstances of the selection. As a close friend of the fast bowler, umpire Egar was in a difficult situation; the duo had won a pairs lawn bowling competition just a few months earlier. Nevertheless, the paceman and umpire socialised freely at the pre-match function.
Incident.
In the match, Australia batted first. On the second day, South Africa began to bat just after the luncheon interval. Graham McKenzie conceded 13 runs from the first over. Meckiff then took the ball for the second over, bowling from the Vulture Street End to South African captain Trevor Goddard. At the same time, the South African manager Ken Viljoen set up a camera and began filming the left-armer's bowling action. Meckiff was no-balled four times by Egar—who was standing at square leg—in what would be his only over of the match. After the Victorian bowled a gentle "loosener" as his first ball, the drama began. Egar ruled the second, third, fifth and ninth balls to be throws, and therefore illegitimate. After the third and fifth balls—the latter a full toss that Goddard hit for four—Benaud came over to consult his fast bowler. After the ninth ball, Meckiff and Benaud had another meeting, and the remaining three balls were deemed to be fair. In the meantime, the crowd roared loudly, heckling Egar and supporting the beleaguered bowler. Meckiff had previously been passed in five countries, having played Tests in four of these nations. Egar had cleared his bowling on five previous occasions, in three Shield matches and two Tests; the Victorian had bowled 119.1 overs in these games without incident. Egar later said "My only judgement was what I saw at the time". Benaud removed his paceman from the attack and Meckiff did not bowl again in the match. He retired from all forms of cricket at the end of the game, but continued to proclaim that his bowling action was fair.
Barry Gibbs, the secretary of the Queensland Cricket Association and the manager of the Australian team, said that the "humiliation" of Meckiff was "without a doubt the most dramatic and emotion-charged" sporting moment he had witnessed. Egar's actions also ignited "one of the most emotional crowd displays in Test history", as the public backed the paceman. During Meckiff's over, the crowd expressed strong disapproval of the umpire's calls. Half an hour before the close of the day's play, proceedings were suspended for two minutes as the crowd repeatedly chanted "We want Meckiff". When play ended, spectators stormed the field and carried the fast bowler off the arena on their shoulders, hailing him as a hero. They then returned to the field and formed two lanes, booing Egar from the ground. After this incident, the Queensland Police escorted the umpire to and from the match venue. The police presence at the ground was increased because of fears that the crowd might attack Egar or Benaud. During the Second Test, which was held in Meckiff's home town of Melbourne, Egar was given a police escort throughout the match after receiving death threats.
Reaction.
During a rest day after the second day's play the media dissected the events of the previous afternoon. The majority of reporters believed that all of Meckiff's deliveries had been bowled with an identical action. Louis Duffus wrote that he felt "sympathy for Meckiff as well as admiration for Egar." The South African Charles Fortune wrote that Meckiff's action was "not according to the laws of cricket" although he would not call the Australian bowler a "chucker". England captain Ted Dexter implied that Meckiff was throwing, saying that "one courageous Australian umpire has brought it to a timely end".
Team manager Gibbs reported that at the end of the first day's play the Australian dressing room was stunned into silence. Egar asked Benaud for permission to enter, and after the Australian captain allowed him in, the umpire sat quietly for a period before speaking to some other players and then to Meckiff. The pair were close friends, and shook hands before putting their arms around one another's shoulders. The condemned bowler did not take Egar's judgment personally and did not have hard feelings about the incident. Egar said that he was "the second most upset person in the world", and later added that he thought Meckiff's first ball was suspect. He said that he could have called more deliveries, but was worried that the over would never end.
Benaud received criticism for not bowling Meckiff again at the other end, but Rowan later indicated that he would have agreed with Egar, writing in his book that the action was illegitimate. Retired Test umpires Hoy and Les Townsend were watching at the ground when Meckiff was called. The day after the incident, both asserted that they would not have no-balled the paceman, claiming that Meckiff's action, though unusual, was legitimate.
Meckiff later agreed to a series of ghost-written articles about the no-ball incident. He said that Egar's calls "hit him like a dagger in the back", but described the umpire as "a fair and just man who acted according to his convictions".
Allegations of a conspiracy.
Sections of the cricket community believed that Meckiff was no-balled to prove that Australia was serious about dealing with the wave of complaints regarding suspected throwing in the 1950s and 1960s. A dinner hosted by board member Don Bradman in January 1963 for visiting state captains was later cited to suggest that Meckiff may have been a sacrificial offering. At the dinner, Bradman had showed film of Meckiff among others, which purportedly depicted incriminating actions. This indicated Bradman's doubts over Meckiff's legitimacy, yet Bradman was one of the selectors who oversaw Meckiff's inclusion.
Many members of the Australian media alleged a conspiracy against Meckiff, using words such as "the whole affair smacks of a set-up", "obvious fall-guy", and "sacrificial goat". Several called for Bradman and his colleagues to resign. Cricketer-turned-journalist Dick Whitington cited the fact that Egar and Bradman had travelled from Adelaide to the Brisbane Test together as evidence of a plot. Gibbs later claimed that the selection of an extra bowler for the match hinted at fears that Meckiff would not be able to bowl. Alan Connolly remained adamant that his teammate's action was legitimate and implied a conspiracy, saying "I wasn't amazed Egar's call...There was a good reason for that which I can't disclose and won't disclose." Tom Veivers, who made his Test debut for Australia in Meckiff’s last match, hinted at the same. He recalled that Rowan had said "It's going to be a very interesting game" at the pre-match function. For his part, Egar always denied any conspiracy had occurred or that he agreed to a premeditated course of events against Meckiff.
Egar stood in all five Tests as well as four of South Australia's home matches during 1963–64. The following season, he stood in Australia's only Test against Pakistan and four matches at Adelaide Oval.
Eddie Illingworth.
During the same season, 1964–65, Egar no-balled a fourth and final bowler during his career, Victoria's Eddie Illingworth. The bowler had made his first-class debut two and a half years. This had been controversial as he had twice been no-balled for throwing by two different umpires in Victorian Premier Cricket prior to his selection. Despite taking a total of 7/71 on debut, Illingworth was overlooked for further state selection for over two years. Illingworth's best performance in a Sheffield Shield match was against South Australia at the Adelaide Oval in November 1964, the same match in which he was called.
Illingworth took 4/92 in South Australia's first innings but was no-balled a total of three times by Egar and his partner Jack Ryan, both standing at square leg. He was called twice by Egar on the second and fourth deliveries of his eleventh over, and once by Ryan on the sixth ball of his fourteenth over. In the same fourteenth over, Illingworth had dismissed former Pakistani Test batsman Duncan Sharpe and Australian Test wicket-keeper Barry Jarman from the first and fourth deliveries respectively. Victorian captain Bill Lawry chose not to remove Illingworth and continued to bowl him. The state selectors were reluctant to pick Illingworth for Victoria because of the throwing allegations that surrounded him and he played in only two more matches.
In 1965–66, Egar had the busiest season of his career. He stood in all five Anglo-Australian Tests, two matches between South Australia and England, and three of his state's home Shield matches. The following summer, Egar stood in all four Shield matches at Adelaide Oval while the Test team were away in South Africa. In 1967–68, Egar stood in all four Tests against India in addition to three Shield matches and two fixtures between South Australia and India and New Zealand respectively.
Egar stood in all five Tests of the West Indian tour of Australia in 1968–69. He also officiated in two Shield matches and two games between South Australia and the West Indies at Adelaide Oval.
Egar's last match, also against the West Indies, was at Sydney from 14–20 February 1969. The match was won by Australia by 382 runs after Bill Lawry, the Australian captain, delayed his second-innings declaration until Australia led by 734 runs. In this match Doug Walters became the first batsman to score a double century and a century in the same match, with scores of 242 and 103. Egar's colleague was Lou Rowan.
The following season, the Test team were in India and South Africa, and Egar stood in all four of South Australia's home Shield fixtures. In 1970–71, Egar stood in one Shield match and then the tour game between South Australia and Ray Illingworth's touring Englishmen in October, and retired after the match, not standing in the Tests. During the 1960s he umpired 29 out of 30 Test matches played in Australia.
Administration.
Following his umpiring career, Egar turned to cricket administration, managing a number of Australian Test teams, and was the Australian Cricket Board's chairman from 1989-92. Ironically, in the Australian tour of Pakistan in 1988, Egar protested to the Pakistan Board of Control over the umpiring of Mahboob Shah, following an innings loss on a grassless pitch which captain Allan Border described as "a conspiracy from the word go". Steve Waugh, a member of the team, quoted Egar as claiming "the umpiring is totally unacceptable". The tour was in danger of being abandoned, but Egar insisted it progress as scheduled.
Criticism of throwing.
Egar remained outspoken about bowling actions that he considered to be dubious in his later life. He has been strongly critical of the action of the Sri Lankan world record-breaking spinner Muttiah Muralitharan. In 2002, he criticised Wisden for ranking Muralitharan the best bowler in Test history, citing his bowling action. After Muralitharan broke the world record for career Test dismissals, Egar said "As far as I am concerned they should have a separate record for bowlers with illegal actions...I've got a photo at home of Murali's arm bending at 48 degrees." Egar criticised laboratory tests on Muralitharan at the University of Western Australia as "rubbish...The only tests that matter are those conducted under match conditions...The administrators of the game have got to take the blame for letting his action go."
A public bar at the Adelaide Oval is named the "Col Egar Bar" as a tribute to him.
Egar died in September 2008 following a long illness.

</doc>
<doc id="2854059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854059" title="Friday the Thirteenth (album)">
Friday the Thirteenth (album)

Friday the Thirteenth is a live album by the English rock band The Stranglers. To mark the twenty first anniversary of their original recording contract with United Artists Records, they played to a sold out Royal Albert Hall (London, UK) with an eighteen piece string orchestra (the Electra Strings). "Friday the Thirteenth" presents part of the set (these songs, plus the remainder of the set can be found on the accompanying DVD release). Composer and musician Jocelyn Pook contributions to the songs Waltz in Black,Valley of the Birds, Daddy's Riding the Range, Golden Brown, and No More Heroes.

</doc>
<doc id="2854060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854060" title="Socialist Republic of Croatia">
Socialist Republic of Croatia

The Socialist Republic of Croatia (often abbreviated SR Croatia; , "SR Hrvatska") was a constituent republic of Yugoslavia. By its constitution, modern-day Croatia is its direct continuation. Along with five other Yugoslav republics, it was formed during World War II and became a socialist republic after the war. It had four full official names during its 48-year existence (see below). By territory and population, it was the second largest republic in Yugoslavia, after the Socialist Republic of Serbia.
In 1990, the government made a series of moves away from socialism and towards the independence of Croatia, formally seceding from Yugoslavia in 1991 and thereby contributing to its dissolution.
Names.
Croatia became part of the Yugoslav federation in 1943 after the Second Session of the AVNOJ and through the resolutions of the ZAVNOH, Croatia's wartime deliberative body. It was officially founded as the Federal State of Croatia () on May 9, 1944, at the 3rd session of the ZAVNOH. Yugoslavia was then called the Democratic Federal Yugoslavia ("Demokratska Federativna Jugoslavija", DFJ), it was not a constitutionally socialist state, or even a republic, in anticipation of the conclusion of the war, when these issues were settled. On November 29, 1945, the Democratic Federal Yugoslavia became the Federal People's Republic of Yugoslavia ("Federativna Narodna Republika Jugoslavia", FNRJ), a socialist People's Republic. Accordingly, the Federal State of Croatia became People's Republic of Croatia ("Narodna Republika Hrvatska", "NR Hrvatska").
On April 7, 1963, the Federal People's Republic of Yugoslavia (FPRY) was renamed into the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (SFRY). Yugoslavia (and therefore Croatia) gradually abandoned Stalinism after the Tito-Stalin split in 1948. In 1963 the People's Republic of Croatia also accordingly became the Socialist Republic of Croatia.
Establishment.
World War II.
In the first years of the war, Yugoslav Partisans in Croatia didn't have support of Croats. The majority of partisans on the territory of Croatia were Croatian Serbs. However, in 1943 Croats started to join partisans in larger numbers. On the territory of the Independent State of Croatia, 75-80% of partisans were ethnic Serbs. In 1943, number of Croat partisans in Croatia increased, so in 1944 they composed 61% of partisans on the territory of Croatia, while Serbs made 28%.
On 13 June 1943, Croatian partisans founded the ZAVNOH (National Anti-Fascist Council of the People's Liberation of Croatia), a legislative body of future Croatian republic within the Yugoslavia. Its first president was Vladimir Nazor. Croatian partisans had their autonomy along with the Slovene and Macedonian partisans, however, on 1 March 1945 they were put under the command of Supreme Command of the Yugoslav Army, thus losing their autonomy. Partisans of Serbia and Bosnia and Herzegovina didn't have such autonomy.
Because of partisan victories and increased territory held by partisans, AVNOJ decided to held the second session in Jajce at the end of November 1943. At that session, the Yugoslav communist leadership decided to reestablish the Yugoslavia as federal state.
Creation.
On November 29, 1945 the Yugoslav Constituent Assembly held a session where it was decided that Yugoslavia would be composed of six republics: Slovenia, Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, Serbia and Macedonia. Not long after, the Communist Party started to prosecute those who opposed the communist one-party system. On January 30, 1946, the Constituent Assembly made the Constitution of the Federal People's Republic of Yugoslavia. SR Croatia was the last of the republics to make its constitution, which were mostly the same. The Constitution of the Socialist Republic of Croatia was made on January 18, 1947. In their constitutions, all republics have been deprieved of gaining independence.
Republics had only formal authonomy; in reality, communist Yugoslavia was a centralized state, based on the Soviet model. The Communist Party's officials were, at the same time, state officials, while the Party's Central Committee was "de iure", the highest organ of the state; however, main decisions were made by the Politburo. The governments of the republics were only part of the mechanism in approval of Politburo's decisions.
Election.
In post-war Yugoslavia, communists had a struggle for power with the opposition that supported King Peter. Milan Grol was leader of the opposition; as the leading figure of the opposition he opposed the idea of federal state, denied the right for Montenegrins and Macedonians to have their republics and held that agreement between Tito and Ivan Subašić guaranteed that the opposition needed to have half ministers in the new government. The Croatian Peasant Party (HSS), part of the opposition, had divided into three branches: one supporting the "Ustaše", the other supporting the communists and the third supporting Vladko Maček. However, communists had the majority in parliament and control over the army, leaving the opposition without any real power. Šubašić had his own supporters within the HSS and he tried to unite the party once again, believing that, once united, it would be a major political factor in the country. The Croatian Republican Peasant Party, a split party of the HSS, wanted to enter the People's Front, a suprapolitical organization controlled by the Communist Party of Yugoslavia. Šubašić knew that this would put the HSS under control of the communists and ended the negotiations about the unification.
In the election campaign, the opposition parties wanted to unite with the Serbian Radical Party and other parties; however, communist activities, using various wiles, ruined their plan. On August 20, 1945, Grol resigned and accused the communists for breaking the Tito-Šubašić agreement. Šubašić himself was also soon forced to resign at the end of October as he also disassociated himself with Tito. Soon, the communists won the election. They even used the so-called "blind boxes" for voters who wouldn't vote for them. They won absolute majority in the parliament which enabled them to create their own form of Yugoslavia.
Politics and government.
Tito period.
The first post-war President of the Socialist Republic of Croatia was Vladimir Nazor, who was, during the war, Chairman of the State Antifascist Council of the People's Liberation of Croatia (ZAVNOH), while the first Prime Minister was Vladimir Bakarić. Ironically, even though communists promoted federalism, post-war Yuogoslavia was strictly centralized. Main organ was the Politburo of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Yugoslavia made of around ten persons. Its members were assigned for certain fields, one controlled the armed forces, other the development of the state, third the economy etc. Ostensibly, the system of government was the representative democracy, people would elect councilors and members of parliaments, however, the real power was in hands of executive organs. Parliaments only served to gave legitimacy to their decisions. The party that ruled the SR Croatia was the branch of the Communist Party of Yugoslavia, the Communist Party of Croatia (KPH). Even though the party had Croatian name, it had only 57% of Croats and 43% of Serbs. Majority of members were peasants and majority was half-educated.
Soon after they gained power, the communists started to persecute former officials of the Independent State of Croatia in order to compromise them to the general public. On 6 June 1946, the Supreme Court of the SR Croatia sentenced some of the leading officials of the NDH, including Slavko Kvaternik, Vladimir Košak, Miroslav Navratil, Ivan Perčević, Mehmed Alajbegović, Osman Kulenović and others. Communists also had number of major and minor show trials in order to deal with fascist regime of the NDH. Also, local leaders of the civic parties would often "disappear" without any witness. Communists didn't only cleansed the officials who were working for the NDH, but also those who supported the Croatian Peasant Party and the Catholic Church.
Only major civic party in Croatia, the Croatian Republican Peasant Party, was active only few years after the election, but as satellite of the Communist Party. The clash with the civic anti-communist forces stimulated Communist Party's centralism and authoritarianism. 
When he took power, Tito knew that the greatest threat to the development of the communism in Yugoslavia is nationalism. Because of that, the communists would crush even the slightest form of nationalism by repression. The communists made the most effort to crush nationalism in Bosnia and Herzegovina and Croatia and tried to suppress the hatred between Croats, Serbs and Muslims, but even so, their greatest support in this process were local Serbs. Soon, the Serbs were overrepresented in Croatian and Bosnian state and party leadership.
After Tito's death.
In 1980, Josip Broz Tito died. Political and economic difficulties started to mount and the federal government began to crumble. The economy was actually in a very good shape until the fall of communism, and Croatia was the second most prosperous of the six republics, after Slovenia. However, probably due to the imminent end of the Cold War and all the subtle benefits Yugoslavia received because of it, inflation soared. The last federal prime minister Ante Marković, who was Bosnian Croat, spent two years implementing various economic and political reforms. His government's efforts were initially successful, but ultimately they failed due to the incurable political instability of the SFRY.
Ethnic tensions were on the increase and would result in the demise of Yugoslavia. The growing crisis in Kosovo, the nationalist memorandum of the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts, the emergence of Slobodan Milošević as the leader of Serbia, and everything else that followed provoked a very negative reaction in Croatia. The fifty-year-old rift was starting to resurface, and the Croats increasingly began to show their own national feelings and express opposition towards the Belgrade regime.
On October 17, 1989, the rock group "Prljavo kazalište" held a major concert before almost 250,000 people on the central Zagreb city square. In the light of the changing political circumstances, their song "Mojoj majci" ("To my mother"), where the songwriter hailed the mother in the song as "the last rose of Croatia", was taken to heart by the fans on the location and many more elsewhere because of the expressed patriotism. On October 26, parliament declared All Saints Day (November 1) a public holiday.
In January 1990, during the 14th Congress of the League of Communists of Yugoslavia, the delegation of Serbia led by Milošević insisted on replacing the 1974 constitutional policy that empowered the republics with a policy of "one person, one vote", which would benefit the majority Serb population. This caused first the Slovenian and then Croatian delegations (led by Milan Kučan and Ivica Račan, respectively) to leave the Congress in protest and marked a culmination in the rift of the ruling party.
Ethnic Serbs, who constituted 12% of the population of Croatia, rejected the notion of separation from Yugoslavia. Serb politicians feared the loss of influence they previously had through their membership of the League of Communists in Croatia (that some Croats claimed was disproportionate). Memories from the Second World War were the rhetoric coming from the Belgrade administration. As Milošević and his clique rode the wave of Serbian nationalism across Yugoslavia, talking about battles to be fought for Serbdom, emerging Croatian leader Franjo Tuđman reciprocated with talk about making Croatia a nation state. The availability of mass media allowed for propaganda to be spread fast and spark jingoism and fear, creating a war climate.
In February 1990, SR Croatia changed its constitutional system to a multi-party system and free market economy.
In March 1990, the Yugoslav People's Army met with the Presidency of Yugoslavia (an eight member council composed of representatives from six republics and two autonomous provinces) in an attempt to get them to declare a state of emergency which would allow for the army to take control of the country. Serbian and Serb-dominated representatives (Montenegro, Vojvodina and Kosovo) already in consent with the army, voted for the proposal, but as representatives of Croatia, Slovenia, Macedonia and Bosnia voted against, the plot failed. The dying country had yet to see few more Serb leadership's attempts to push the plan for centralizing the power in Belgrade, but because of resistance in all other republics, the crisis only deteriorated.
Transition to independence.
The Croatian parliamentary election, 1990 was held on April 22 and May 6, 1990. After the first multi-party elections, the creation of a constituent republic based on democratic institutions occurred.
After the first free elections, in July 1990, the prefix "socialist" was dropped, and thereafter Croatia was named the Republic of Croatia.
Franjo Tuđman was elected president and his government embarked on a path toward the independence of Croatia.
Economy.
Economic model and theory.
The economy of the SFR Yugoslavia and thus of the Socialist Republic of Croatia was initially influenced by the Soviet Union. As the Communist Party of Yugoslavia was member of the Communist International, Yugoslav communists thought that the Soviet way to the socialism is the only option to create the socialist state. In the early years of the SFR Yugoslavia, Communist members suppressed critics towards the Soviet Union and harbored sympathies towards it.
In the CPY, it was generally thought that the state ownership and centralism are the only way to avoid economic break down and that without the state ownership and administrative control it would be impossible to accumulate vast resources, material and human, for economic development. Since every undeveloped country needs vast resources in order to start developing, and Yugoslavia was among them, communists thought that this is the only way to save the economy of the Yugoslavia. Also, their ideology included elimination of private sector, as they thought that such economic system is historically wasted.
Economy during the war.
The first process of nationalization started on 24 November 1944, when Yugoslav Partisans dispossessed the assets of their enemies. First victims of the confiscation were occupiers and war criminals, however, not long after, assets of 199,541 of German economies, the whole German minority, which included 68,781 ha of land was confiscated also. Until the end of the war, the state controlled 55% of industry, 70% of mining, 90% of ferrous metallurgy and 100% of oil industry.
Renewal of economy.
In SR Croatia, material damage and losses were high. In the war, SR Croatia lost 298,000 people, 7,8% of total population. Because of 4-year partisan war, bombings, over-exploitation of raw materials and agricultural resources, destruction of roads and industrial facilities, the state entered into economic chaos. The peasantry that supplied all conflicted sides in war was wasted and human losses were also high. The damage of industry in Yugoslavia was the worst in whole Europe, while the SR Croatia was among the most damaged republic of Yugoslavia, along with Bosnia and Herzegovina and Montenegro. The communist authority needed to do something in order to prevent hunger, disorder and chaos. Yugoslavia was lacking qualified workers, so economy's renewal was mostly based on mass volunteer work, which was, in fact, mostly made by force, so it was called by population, the forced labour. Communists didn't only use the forced labour in order to normalize to situation, but to assure materials for planned production. The recruitment for volunteer work was conducted with propaganda about better communist future, especially among members of Yugoslav partisans and youth. Other segment of this kind of labours were those who feared of political persecution, mainly opponents of communist regime. They entered volunteer labour in order to escape the repression. Third segment of the work force were prisoners of war, who worked the hardest jobs.
The distribution of food and material needed for industry was depending on fast renewal of damaged roads. The railway Zagreb-Balgrade had been in reconstruction in day and night, so first train to pass this railway after the war, did it even at the end of June 1945. The mine fields were also in process of cleaning.
Even though the relations between the Western countries and Yugoslavia become tens, the significant help to people of Yugoslavia came from the UNRRA, an American help formed as a branch of the United Nations. They deployed food, clothes and shoes, this, in fact, helped the communists to avoid the hunger. Between 1945 and 1946, the UNRRA deployed 2,5 million of tones of goods, mostly food, worthing 415 millions of USD. This amount was equal to the double import of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia of 1938 or 135% of its tax revenues. It is generally thought that UNRRA fed and clothed some 5 million people.
Agrarian reform.
At the same time with the process of persecution of political enemies, communist authorities conducted the Agrarian Reform, a reform made on 23 August 1945. This process included dispossession of wealthy citizens and peasants. Agrarian Reform changed the ownership relations of the agricultural properties. Land that was above 35 acres was taken from its owners. Near half of taken lands were transformed to agricultural ares (state property), while other half was given to poor peasants. This reform also included the colonization in the SR Croatia where people from the so-called depressed areas moved to areas from which the Volksdeutsche have been expelled. In the SR Croatia, colonization occurred in Slavonia, while colonists were the poor peasants, mostly Croatian and Bosnian Serbs. The confiscation of property was also conducted; people who were trading during the war were declared war profiteers and by this, the state gained factories, banks and large shops.
The communists also introduced a new way of distribution of agricultural products. In order to supply the people who lived in towns and cities, they introduces the redemption of those products. The policy of distribution was based on the idea that working segment of society should have advantage in quantity and diversity of goods over non-working, the parasitic segment. This led to development of black markets and speculations.
Next step in the implementation of the Agrarian Reform was nationalization of the large assets of the bourgeois segment of the population. On 28 April 1948, when small shops and majority of crafts have been nationalized, the private sector in SR Croatia was liquidated to the end; out of 5,395 private shops, only 5 remained active. This decision was a double-edged sword, while poor segment of society was satisfied by it, large majority of population was under psychosis of resistance and even revolt. Just like in the Soviet Union, the state controlled entire economy, while free trade was forbidden in favour of central planning. Because of this, the state started rational distribution of necessities for living, which were distributed among population based on remittances, while consumers gained certain amount of certificates on month for buying certain amount of certain goods, including, food, clothes and shoes.
In spring 1949, the state introduced high taxes on private farmer's economies for which farmers were unable to pay. This forced them to enter into the peasant labour unions, formed based on the Soviet kolhozes. In such manner, the state introduced forced collectivization of villages. This collectivization soon disappointed the poor peasants who got their land for free in the process of dispossession of wealthy peasants. Even though the communists thought that collectivization would solve the problem with food, on the contrary, the collectivization created the so-called "Bread Crisis" in 1949. The process of dispossession in Yugoslavia lasted middle of 1945 until the end of 1949. It was the fastest process of dispossession, even compared to East European communist states.
For this process, the state needed large number of officials who were members of the Communist Party, receiving orders from the Politburo, thus leaving the Yugoslav republic without any power in economy. The economy of one republic was depending from decisions made by Politburo in Belgrade, thus Yugoslavia become strictly centralized state. Moreover, liquidation of private sector, cleansing of the state apparatus and high officials and their replacement by half-educated partisans, drastic reduction of gap between payments of ministers and workers (3:1), emigration and deaths of the bourgeois class led to the disappearance of the middle class in the social structure, which had a negative effect on the social life.
Industrialization.
Five-Year Plan.
The industrialization was the most significant process in the economic development of the SR Croatia, as communists promoted the industrialization as the main factor in the fast development. After the process of renewal, the process of industrialization and electrification started based on the Soviet model. The whole economy, the creation of a system and the formulation of the strategy of development in the Five-Year Plan, was in charge of Andrija Hebrang. As President of the Economy Council and President of the Planning Commission, Hebrang was in charge of all ministries that dealt with the economy. Alongside Tito, Edvard Kardelj and Aleksandar Ranković, he was the most influential person in Yugoslavia. As a chief of the whole economy, Hebrang finished his Five-Year Plan in winter 1946–47 which was approved by the government in spring 1947. Because of the lack of knowledge, the Plan was copying the Soviet model. The factories which were built faster were factories that were in the sector of heavy and military industry, of which the most known in SR Croatia are "Rade Končar" and "Prvomajska".
In the Five-Year Plan, Hebrang wanted to increase the industrial production by five times and agricultural production for 1.5 times, increase the GDP per capita by 1.8 times and the national revenues for 1.8 times. The plan also included the increase of qualified workers, from 350,000 to 750,000. For SR Croatia, it was designated that its industrial production needed to be increased for 452%. The fast development in the industry sought for high number of workers, so from 461,000 workers in 1945, in 1949 there was 1,990,000 workers. On 17 January 1947, Kardelj stated to the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Croatia that Yugoslavia will be industrially stronger than Austria and Czechoslovakia. Both Kardelj and Bakarić advocated development of the light industry, instead of Hebrang's idea for industry that would serve to agriculture. The Five-Year Plan was indeed exaggerated; this plan didn't have qualified personnel, market (placement) and capital; even so, the state continued with its realization.
All across the country, the state built the sites, and all projects of industrialization and electrification were made with propaganda that the population will deprive of poverty and unemployment. The unemployment was indeed reduced, however, new employees weren't educated for their branch, so many objects were built slowly and many of them weren't built at all. As per then views of the Communist Party, the role of leading the economy was given to the directorate-generals, as a link between the ministries and the Party's leadership. By their implementation, the state gained even greater control over the economy. The companies had their legal personality; however, they didn't have the operational autonomy, as they were, as state organs, under state control.
Religion.
Due to strained relationships between the Holy See and communist Yugoslav officials, no new Catholic bishops were appointed in the People's Republic of Croatia until 1960. This left the dioceses of Križevci, Đakovo-Osijek, Zadar, Šibenik, Split-Makarska, Dubrovnik, Rijeka and Poreč-Pula without bishops for several years. From the mid-1950s, there were only four seated bishops in Croatia in three diocese: Aloysius Stepinac, Franjo Salis-Seewiss, Miho Pušic, and Josip Srebrnič.
Many priests were persecuted amid conflicts between the Catholic Church and the authorities, among which was the Archbishop of Zagreb, Aloysius Stepinac, who was arrested on 16 September 1946. He was sentenced to sixteen years' imprisonment, but, in December 1951, he was released to house arrest at his home in Krašić near Jastrebarsko, where he died in 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="2854065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854065" title="Donnchadh">
Donnchadh

Donnchadh is a Gaelic masculine given name. It is composed of the elements "donn", meaning "brown"; and "chadh", meaning "chief" or "noble". The name is also written as Donnchad, Donncha, Donnacha, Donnchadha and Dúnchad. In English it is pronounced "Donn-ah" or "Donn-a-ha". 
Modern versions include (in Ireland) Donagh, Donough, Donogh and (in Scotland) Duncan. Also anglicised as Denis and Dionysius.
The surnames Donough, McDonagh, McDonough, O'Donoghue and Dunphy among others are derived from the given name (In Gaelic: Mac - son of, Ó - of the family of). Another derivation is the name of the Scottish Clan Donnachaidh.
Historically, it can refer to the following: 

</doc>
<doc id="2854066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854066" title="Eastern Caribbean Financial Holding Company">
Eastern Caribbean Financial Holding Company

Eastern Caribbean Financial Holding Company is a Saint Lucian financial services holding company listed on the Eastern Caribbean Securities Exchange.

</doc>
<doc id="2854068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854068" title="Bryan Hamilton">
Bryan Hamilton

Bryan Hamilton (born 31 December 1946) is a Northern Irish former professional football player and manager. He gained 50 caps for Northern Ireland between 1969 and 1980, and later managed the national team for four years. He is currently Technical Director at Antigua Barracuda F.C.
Biography.
Playing career.
Born in Belfast, Hamilton began his career at Distillery, before moving on to Linfield. He was named Ulster Footballer of the Year and Northern Ireland Football Writers' Association Player of the Year for the 1970/71 season, also finishing as Irish League top goalscorer. In 1971 he signed for Ipswich Town, where he spent five years and made over 150 appearances for the club. In 1976 he signed for Everton, before moving onto short spells at Millwall and Swindon Town.
In the FA Cup semi-final of 1977, full time was looming in the clash between Everton and local rivals Liverpool at Old Trafford, with the score at 2–2, when Hamilton put the ball into the back of the net. However, infamously, his goal which should have stood was disallowed by referee Clive Thomas and the match went to a replay, which Everton lost 3–0.
International goals.
"Scores and results list Northern Ireland's goal tally first. "
Managerial career.
Hamilton became player/manager of Tranmere Rovers in 1980. The club remained in the Fourth Division throughout this period, with three top half finishes during his five-year period in charge, culminating in a finish of 6th in 1984–85.
He was appointed manager of Wigan Athletic in 1985. The 1985–86 season saw Wigan emerge as contenders for promotion to the Second Division, a feat which looked likely for virtually the entire campaign. However, when Wigan had completed their fixtures Derby County had three games in hand, two of which would be won to pip the Latics by a single point. His achievements with Wigan did not go unnoticed, and he would move to Leicester City soon afterwards. However, he was unable to keep Leicester in the First Division and soon left the club, and returned to Wigan as manager from 1989–1993.
Hamilton was appointed manager of Northern Ireland in 1994, succeeding Billy Bingham. In the Euro 96 qualifiers, Northern Ireland were in contention for qualification and were only narrowly pipped to second place by the Republic of Ireland. The 1998 World Cup qualifiers provided a far worse return despite a promising early draw with Germany – who would later beat Northern Ireland for the first time in two decades – and Hamilton left the job at the end of the qualifiers.
In April 2000 he was appointed manager of Norwich City, but resigned on 4 December. He returned to Ipswich as coach in 2001, but left the club in 2002. In November 2006, he was appointed Technical Director of the Antigua and Barbuda Football Association.
Hamilton is now a media pundit working mainly with Eurosport, BBC Radio 5 Live, Setanta Sports, Today FM, Sky Sports and Anglia Television.

</doc>
<doc id="2854079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854079" title="Vernon Kell">
Vernon Kell

Major-General Sir Vernon George Waldegrave Kell, KBE, CB (21 November 1873 – 27 March 1942) was the founder and first Director General (DG) of the British Security Service, otherwise known as MI5. Known as K, he was described in "Who's Who" as "Commandant, War Department Constabulary".
Career.
Born in Great Yarmouth in 1873, Kell was the son of Major Waldegrave Kell of the 38th Foot and his wife, Georgiana Augusta Konarska. She was a daughter of a Polish émigré, Alexander Konarski, a surgeon with the 1st Podhalian Rifle Regiment who had fought in the November Uprising and had been awarded the Virtuti Militari Gold Cross, by his marriage to an English wife.
After graduating from the Royal Military College, Sandhurst, Kell was commissioned into the South Staffordshire Regiment and fought in the Boxer Rebellion in 1900. He could speak German, Italian, French and Polish with equal facility, and after serving and studying in China and Russia, he learned their respective languages too. While he was on the intelligence staff in Tientsin he was also the foreign correspondent of "The Daily Telegraph".
After his return to London from China in 1902 Kell was employed to analyse German intelligence at the War Office until 1906, eventually rising to the rank of staff captain.
Rising public fears in Great Britain of German espionage precipitated the creation of a new government intelligence agency. In 1909 Kell was selected by the War Office and the Admiralty as one of two officers, alongside Mansfield Smith-Cumming, to head the newly formed Secret Service Bureau. The two officers decided to divide the intelligence work, Kell taking responsibility for domestic concerns, while Cumming was to oversee foreign matters. However, their working relationship was fraught, as Cumming advocated the separation of the Bureau's work into two distinct departments. The separation took place in 1910. These two distinct sections were later retitled as the Security Service and the Secret Intelligence Service (now commonly known as MI5 and MI6 respectively).
During the First World War, Kell headed MI5(g), a section dealing with the Indian seditionist movement in Europe. Among Kell's officers were ex-ICS officers Robert Nathan and H. L. Stephenson. Kell also worked closely with the Special Branch of Scotland Yard, then headed by Basil Thomson, and was successful in tracing the work of Indian revolutionaries collaborating with the Germans during the war.
In May 1940 Kell was dismissed by Winston Churchill, after 30 years in post. He was the longest-serving head of any British government department during the 20th century. He was knighted for his services shortly before his death in 1942.
Honours.
Kell was awarded the following orders and decorations:
Notes.
Kell was the basis for a major character in Bert Coules's radio adaptation of Arthur Conan Doyle's "His Last Bow". He was portrayed as a highly talented officer and a polyglot who had immense respect for Sherlock Holmes, claiming to have read all his publications. Kell convinces Holmes to join the war effort and to seek out the mastermind of a German espionage organisation.

</doc>
<doc id="2854083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854083" title="Acacia brachystachya">
Acacia brachystachya

Acacia brachystachya, commonly known as umbrella mulga, turpentine mulga or false bowgada, is a shrub in the family Fabaceae. The species occurs in mulga and heath communities on sandhills and rocky ridges in all mainland states of Australia, except Victoria.
Umbrella mulga grows as a tall, bushy shrub to five metres, with twisted, spreading stems. Like most "Acacia" species, it has phyllodes rather than true leaves. These may be up to 15 centimetres long, and are mostly one to two millimetres wide. The flowers are yellow, and held in cylindrical clusters about two centimetres long. The pods are long and straight, up to 8 centimetres long and 8 millimetres across. Umbrella mulga is difficult to distinguish from bowgada.

</doc>
<doc id="2854085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854085" title="Saturday Night, Sunday Morning">
Saturday Night, Sunday Morning

Saturday Night, Sunday Morning is a live recording of The Stranglers in concert.
By coincidence, it was Hugh Cornwell's last concert with the band that had been recorded for posterity. The tracks were mixed by Stuart MacMillan at Central Television Music Studio (Birmingham) in 1990.  The mix session was attended by J.J. Burnel, Jet Black and Dave Greenfield, with Hugh Cornwell not attending. This recording was eventually released in 1993, as "Saturday Night, Sunday Morning". The title is a reference to the gig happening on a Saturday night and Hugh announcing his departure the following day. It was also a title to a 1960 film. 
The concert was split across an album and simultaneous VHS release, which contained different track listings. Between these releases all but one track ("School Mam") played at the concert are available.
The Video was given a DVD release in 2000, retitled "Live At Alexandra Palace".
In addition, a live CD Single from the same concert was released in January 1991, containing the tracks "Always the Sun", "Nuclear Device", "All Day and all of the Night" and "Punch and Judy". 

</doc>
<doc id="2854087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854087" title="Young Animal">
Young Animal

It was first issued in 1989 as "Animal House" and was renamed "Young Animal" in 1992. However, it may have been a continuation of an earlier Hakusensha shōnen magazine entitled "Gekkan Shōnen Jets" (launched in 1981) which was discontinued in the late 1980s.
Popular long-running series currently appearing in "Young Animal" include the medieval dark fantasy adventure "Berserk", the modern-day educational sex comedy "Futari Ecchi" (both over 300 chapters as of 2010) and the sardonic rock'n'roll story "Detroit Metal City". A number of "Young Animal" manga series have been adapted as anime.
Manga artists and series featured in "Young Animal".
"(Names are in alphabetical order, family name shown last)"

</doc>
<doc id="2854093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854093" title="Pierre C. Cartier">
Pierre C. Cartier

Pierre Camille Cartier (March 10, 1878October 27, 1964) was a French jeweler. He was one of three sons of Alfred Cartier and the brother of Jaques Cartier and Louis Cartier. Pierre's grandfather, Louis-Francois Cartier had taken over the jewelry workshop of his teacher Adolphe Picard, in 1847, thereby founding the famous Cartier jewelry company. 
In 1902, Pierre opened and began to manage the London Cartier store and in 1909, he opened the New York store, moving it in 1917 to the current location of 653 Fifth Avenue, the neo-Renaissance mansion of banker Morton Plant. 
After the death of his brothers in 1942, Pierre based his shop in Paris until he retired to Geneva in 1947.
Cartier became the owner of the Hope Diamond and on January 28, 1911 sold it to Edward B. McLean. In a deal concluded in the offices of the McLean family's "Washington Post" newspaper, Pierre Cartier sold the diamond for US$180,000. A clause in the sale agreement for the diamond, that was widely believed to bring death and disaster to its owner, stated that "Should any fatality occur to the family of Edward B. McLean within six months, the said Hope diamond is agreed to be exchanged for jewelry of equal value". By March, the diamond had not been paid for in accordance with the terms in the sale agreement. Cartier hired a lawyer to sue McLean for payment who responded by saying it was on a loan for inspection. On February 2, 1912 the "New York Times" reported that the "Wealthy Purchasers of Famous Stone to Retain It Despite Sinister Reputation. " 

</doc>
<doc id="2854103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854103" title="Live at the Hammersmith Odeon '81">
Live at the Hammersmith Odeon '81

"Live at the Hammersmith Odeon '81" is a live album by The Stranglers, released by EMI in 1998 as part of the BBC Archive Series. Despite its title, the recording apparently hails from a gig on 8 February 1982.
This concert was recorded by the BBC radio 'In Concert' programme for broadcast but was never broadcast. It remained in the BBC archives for 16 years until it was released on CD in 1998. The CD title was originally released as "Live At The Hammersmith Odeon '81" but this was corrected at a later date to '82. The concert was recorded on 8 February 1982 during the second part of The Stranglers' "La Folie" British tour.

</doc>
<doc id="2854106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854106" title="War pigs (disambiguation)">
War pigs (disambiguation)

War pigs are pigs speculated to have been used at most rarely in ancient warfare as a countermeasure to war elephants.
War pigs may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2854108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854108" title="Teltschik Tower">
Teltschik Tower

Teltschik Tower is a 41 metre-high observation tower built of wood in Wilhelmsfeld, Germany.
The tower was built by Walter Teltschik, a citizen of Wilhelmsfeld, in remembrance of his origins in the Kuhländchen near Brno, a part of the former Sudetenland (modern-day Czech Republic). From the top of the tower there is an excellent view over the hills of the Odenwald (mountainous region in southern Germany) and as well to the Rhine Valley near Mannheim and the Black Forest.

</doc>
<doc id="2854109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854109" title="Danske Bank (Norway)">
Danske Bank (Norway)

Danske Bank, formerly named Fokus Bank, is the Norwegian operations of the Danish Danske Bank. It has long been one of the largest banks in Scandinavia.
Danske Bank has 41 local branches spread around all of Norway. The main office is in Trondheim and the bank employs approximately 1,000 workers. The bank has 210,000 private customers and 15,000 business customers.
The bank has two subsidiaries: 
History.
The banks that made up Danske Bank were all incorporated between 1868 and 1932.
Danske Bank is the result of merge between of all together seven regional banks in Norway and was noted on Oslo Stock Exchange. The merger was between Buskerudbanken, Bøndernes Bank, Forretningsbanken, Vestlandsbanken in 1987 and with Tromsbanken (1990), Rogalandsbanken (1991) and Samvirkebanken (1993). In 1999 it was acquired by Danske Bank, and became part of the Danske Bank Corporation on May 7, 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="2854111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854111" title="Tan Ser Cher">
Tan Ser Cher

Tan Ser Cher is a weightlifter from Singapore who began full-time training in the sport when he was 16, and was crowned the "Champion of Champions" in the local weightlifting competition in 1954 at the age of 21. He represented Singapore in the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne in his first international competition, and came in at 7th position. In 1958, he reached the 4th position at the 3rd Asian Games held in Tokyo, and two months later, he archived the gold medal at the 1958 British Empire and Commonwealth Games in the featherweight category after hoisting 685 lbs, together with compatriot Tan Howe Liang who also took gold in the lightweight category.
Soon after however, sporting injured forced him to retire prematurely, although he was asked to represent Singapore in the 1st SEAP Games in Bangkok in 1959. He won a bronze medal in the featherweight division, the final medal he took home after a waist injury returned him to permanently retire from participating in the sport competitively.

</doc>
<doc id="2854122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854122" title="5 Live 01">
5 Live 01

5 Live 01 is a double-CD package live album, released in 2001 by the Stranglers, a musical band. The rather odd title was coined by Jean Jacques Burnel, since there were five of them in the band. This album represents the first appearance of Baz Warne as the band's new guitarist, following the departure of John Ellis, and comprise a collection of recordings that were made throughout 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="2854123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854123" title="Gakhars">
Gakhars

The Gakhars (also Gakkhar or Ghakhar or Ghakkar) are a clan found predominantly in Pakistan.
Medieval Gakhars and Babur.
The Gakhars and Janjua Rajputs had engaged in a long-running battle for sovereignty over the Salt Range.

</doc>
<doc id="2854124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854124" title="Jordanhill School">
Jordanhill School

Jordanhill School educates children from age 4-18. It is located on Chamberlain Road in Glasgow, Scotland. It was formerly run by Jordanhill College of Education as its demonstration school, and was previously known as Jordanhill College School. 
Uniquely among mainstream Scottish schools, it is funded directly by the Scottish Government, rather than through the local authority, in this case Glasgow City Council. It is nominally categorised as a non-denominational school, although at the end of each term the school attends the local Church of Scotland for a brief service, and some assemblies involve hymn singing and bible readings.
The school consists of a primary department and a secondary department. In the primary, P1 & P2 have three classes of twenty-two pupils each while P3-P7 have two classes of thirty-three. Pupils in upper Primary spend up to 60% of their week working in the Secondary department. The secondary school takes in an additional thirty-three pupils in S1 to bring the number per year up to 99.
The school is state-funded by direct grant from the Scottish Executive, and is non fee-paying. The school catchment area encompasses predominantly owner-occupied housing in West Glasgow. The school regularly records among the best exam results in Scotland.
The school was inspected in 2005 by Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Education.
History.
The college was an out-of-town location that sought to merge two teacher training centres that were heavily influenced by education training pioneer David Stow, a Glasgow merchant. These were the Free Church Normal Seminary and the Dundas Vale Normal Seminary, two of the earliest teacher training colleges in Scotland. This merger was a government-sponsored initiative of 1905, when it was decided that teacher training should be taken away from the church and placed under the control of a provincial committee.
The site of the college - and now the school - was on the old Jordanhill Estate grounds. The old Jordanhill House was demolished around 1915, with the Glasgow Provincial Committee buying the land to build their new college, though the plot had been for sale since 1911. The school buildings were completed in 1921, although the school was founded a year earlier, in 1920. Notable headmasters include Andrew Walker (1891–1974), who led Jordanhill College School from 1936 to 1956, having earlier served from 1921 to 1932 as a mathematics and science master and - initially - the only teacher in the new secondary department, formed in 1921 with just twenty pupils. His successor, William T Branston (1915–1984), at the time of his 1956 appointment was the youngest headteacher in Scotland and whose tenure - Branston finally retired in December 1980 - saw successive challenges, from sustained upheaval in Scottish school curricula to a serious bid to shut Jordanhill College School down in 1969. (It survived, the controversy concluding in December 1970, with the school adjusting readily to non-selective and non fee-paying status; but it would not be its last fight for life.)
A former naval officer and veteran of the Second World War, committed to good works from amateur dramatics through the YMCA (he chaired the Glasgow organisation) to the Scottish National Orchestra Chorus and influential lay service in the Church of Scotland, William Branston was to most pupils an 'astonishingly remote, God-like figure'. He enforced regular religious observance - such as morning assembly - and the school was noted through the 1970s for its rigid uniform code (which survives, and has become increasingly strict under the present rector) and highly conservative, rote-learning traditional teaching methods, notably in arithmetic and English grammar, which do not.
The school remained under control of the College until 1988, when it switched to its current directly-funded status. This move caused considerable controversy at the time, with various other options considered (including becoming a Council-run establishment or, indeed, a fee-paying school). In the end a combination of a spirited "Save Our School" campaign spearheaded by Branston's successor, Alistair Cram and ingenious political machinations led to the school becoming directly funded by the Scottish Office (and later the Scottish Executive). Cram resigned in 1988, and in 1989 'College' was dropped from the school name, at the insistence of Jordanhill College.
In 1993 the college itself merged with the University of Strathclyde, with the Jordanhill Campus serving as home to the Education Faculty.
Modernisation.
Jordanhill School has recently been recognised for integrating IT in education by Becta with an 'ICT in Practice Award'. It has also been recognised as a 'Centre of Excellence' for the use of interactive whiteboards.
The school is in the process of modernising its estate. An all-weather pitch was completed in August 2007 and a Refectory extension in October 2007. A new teaching block opened in May 2008 providing custom built facilities for Art, mathematics, Modern Languages and Social Subjects.
Another addition in recent years is the "Macmillan Building", a small building behind the school; housing a classroom used for RE and additional sports changing facilities. In early 2005 the school acquired the former Laurel Park games hall on Anniesland Road, in partnership with the Glasgow Academy.
Drama.
The school has enjoyed a wide range of operatic and dramatic productions, usually carried out by the 6th year pupils. Between 1947 and 1998, an annual end of year musical took place including performances of productions such as HMS Pinafore, The Pirates Of Penzance and West Side Story.
Miscellaneous.
The school's Latin motto, beneath its coat of arms is "Ad summa nitor", which translates to "Strive for the highest". The school uniform consists of dark trousers for boys (brown shorts were obligatory in the Primary Department until 1977, when the option of 'longs' was ceded to Primary Seven boys) a brown skirt (or pinafore for primary girls) for girls, a white shirt (the option of cream was permitted into the early 1990s) and a brown blazer. Girls are not allowed to wear trousers and blazers are compulsory for all pupils, regardless of weather, making them unusual for a Scottish state school. The tie is yellow, brown and green for everyone except the seniors who have a brown tie and pupils achieving excellence in extra-curricular activities (for example representing their country at their chosen sport) who may be awarded a green Honours tie. All pupils are required to wear the uniform when they are inside the school or its grounds, at lunchtime and when travelling to and from the school.
Jordanhill's Senior Management Team consists of:
The railway station closest to the school is Jordanhill railway station.

</doc>
<doc id="2854130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854130" title="Romanianization">
Romanianization

Romanianization or Rumanization was the series of policies aimed toward ethnic assimilation implemented by the Romanian authorities during the 20th century. The most noteworthy policies were those aimed at the Hungarian minority in Romania as well as the Ukrainian minority in Bukovina and Bessarabia.
Romanianization in Transylvania.
In the period between the two World Wars.
At the end of World War I, Transylvania, at the time a territory of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, was occupied by the Romanian army. Shortly before, the Romanian National Council (representing the majoritary Romanian population) and representatives of the German population had taken the decision of unifying the province with Romania. The decision was contested by the Hungarian minority. The Treaty of Trianon established the Romanian border with the new Hungarian state. However, Transylvania had a large Hungarian minority, of 25.5% according to the 1920 census. A portion of them fled to Hungary after the union; however, most of them remained in Romania and in the 1930s their number increased to 26.7% of the whole Transylvanian population. While Romania included large national minorities, the 1923 Constitution declared the country to be a nation-state, following the French model which was popular in many European nations at that time.
After the dissolution of Austria-Hungary, the post-war mass actions of the Romanians directed against primarily the Hungarian aristocracy and at times Jews. The takeover did not happen without the reduction of the cultural and economic life of the Hungarians: while in accordance with the Agricultural Act of 1921 a number of Hungarian estates and lands were confiscated, the land reform openly favored the Romanians. Subtitles appeared in public places: "Romanian only allowed to talk". It's note to tell, that such educational institutions were closed and abolished as the Roman Catholic high school of Szatmárnémeti founded in 1670, on other in Alba Iulia founded in 1579, the Roman Catholic high school in Kézdivásárhely founded in 1696, the Unitarian high school in Cluj founded in 1566, or the Reformed main gymnasium of Marosvásárhely found in 1557, etc.
Although Romania won the war and tripled its territory, the Anti-Hungarian sentiments were not remitted. During the 1930s (in response to the Hungarian Revisionist propaganda) Anti-Revisionist demonstrations began in Romania, supported by Nationalist newspapers like the Universul. After a particularly violent protest in Cluj Foreign Minister Titulescu officially condemned the events in Bucharest newspapers. During the autumn in 1944, after the withdrawal of the Hungarian military forces and administration from Transylvania, Székelyland was engaged and pillaged by the Romanian Gendarmerie and volunteers. However, on 12 November 1944 the Soviet Red Army expulsed the returning Romanian authorities from Northern Transylvania with reference to the massacres committed by members of Iuliu Maniu's so-called Maniu Guard, and the Romanian authorities were not allowed to return until the government of Petru Groza was formed on 6 March 1945.(The Hungarian-Romanian conflicts in 1940 and 1944 are still controversial.)
After the second World War.
Since 1947 the Romanian authorities gradually eliminated the old Hungarian institutions, after the Treaty of Trianon borders had been restored. However Hungary was a Socialist country as well, after the Hungarian Revolution of 1956 Hungarians in Transylvania many times were accused of separatism and revisionism, the major part of Hungarian intellectual and spiritual leaders (among others Catholic Bishop Áron Márton) were arrested and convicted for years. On the other hand, during the Communist era the former civil organization possibilities of the interwar period were eliminated.
After 1948, the industrialization of towns made the number of inhabitants in some urban areas to double or even triple, most of the newcomers being ethnic Romanians from the rural areas. The urbanization policy, natural phenomenon as the urbanization being required by the economic development and by the intention of transforming the predominantly agrarian country into an industrialized one, was followed throughout Romania, including in areas inhabited by minorities although much less significant.
By the late 1950s the regime of Gheorghe Gheorghiu-Dej increasingly manipulated Romanian nationalism as a popular legitimizing device applying more repressive policies toward the Hungarian minority. After the Hungarian Revolution of 1956 the Magyar Autonomous Region was dissolved and most key posts were filled by loyal Romanians. 
In 1959, the Hungarian university in Cluj was merged with the Romanian one to become an almost exclusively Romanian-language institution. The event was marked by the suicide of several Hungarian professors. The Romanianization of education had begun earlier, in 1958 through the forced merger of Magyar primary schools with Romanian ones. The Csángós for their part lost their last Hungarian school in 1958. 
After Nicolae Ceaușescu came to power in the 1960s, the assimilationist drive was pursued with new vigor. The remaining minority "privileges" were lost, Hungarian representation in the local bureaucracies was limited to the proportion of Hungarians in the total population. Mass resettlement of Moldavians and Wallachian Romanians into Transylvania took place. 
Hungarian intellectuals were coerced into leaving Transylvania and were compelled to take jobs in non-Hungarian areas which also contributed to Romanianization.
Results.
According to census data, the Hungarian population of Transylvania decreased from 25.5% in 1920 to 19.6% in 2002. Changes were more significant in cities/larger settlements, where Hungarians used to be majoritarian, especially in Northern Transylvanian cities such as Oradea and Cluj-Napoca. It is possible that the population of Hungarians in these cities dropped since many Romanians declared themselves to be Hungarians when Transylvania was under the control of Austria-Hungary. Many Romanians would magyarize their last names since Romanians were considered second-class citizens in Austria-Hungary.
Romanianization of the Transylvanian population was also affected by the fact that 300,000 Germans emigrated into West Germany. The West German state paid to Romania the equivalent of $2,632 per ethnic German emigrant, as of 1983.
Also, about 50,000 Jews who survived the Holocaust emigrated to Israel on similar terms. These mass emigrations were, however, an example of positive discrimination towards the German and Jewish populations, as the rest of the Transylvanian population (Romanians, Hungarians, Romas) had no opportunity to take part in this economical emigration. 
Romanianization was less sustained in the compact Székely areas of south-eastern Transylvania (the Székely Land), where in 2002 Hungarians made around 61% of the population. The capital city of the former Hungarian Autonomous Province (covering mostly the Székely areas) is an exception: the percentage of Hungarians in Târgu Mureş decreased to 46%, as the industrialization of the city led many people from the surrounding rural areas (largely Romanian) to move into the city.
Policies toward the Ukrainian minority in Romania.
The territories of Bukovina (today split between Romania and Ukraine) and Bessarabia (today by 2/3 in the Republic of Moldova and 1/3 in Ukraine), historically populated by the Romanians and Ukrainians for hundreds of years. 
In 1775, Bukovina was annexed by the Habsburg Empire, which offered certain currency in the public life for the two nations, however the general policy on churches and education disfavored the Christian Orthodox population. Austrian control favored immigration to develop the economy of the region. Due to Bukovina being administratively linked to the province of Galicia, the ethnic composition of the province was altered by waves of Ruthenian (Ukrainian), German and Jewish immigrants. According to Keith Hitchins, "In 1774 the estimated population was 75000; in 1810 it was 198,000, and in 1848 378,000. The changes in the province's ethnic composition were dramatic. In 1774 the Romanians constituted an overwhelming majority, roughly 64,000 to 8,000 Ruthenians (Ukrainians) and 3,000 others. By 1810 the Romanian share had fallen from 85 per cent to 75 per cent (150,000 to 48,000 non-Romanians), and in 1848 there were 209,000 Romanians (55 per cent), 109,000 Ukrainians (29 per cent) and 60,000 others (16 per cent). The Jewish population rose from 526 in 1774 to 11,600 in 1848." 
In 1918, following the collapse of Austria-Hungary, control over the whole of Bukovina fell under the Kingdom of Romania. The takeover was followed by the policy of Romanianization of ethnic minorities, mostly Ukrainians, pursued by the Romanian authorities. The policies were built on an increasing sentiment spread in Romanian media and historic works that all of Bukovina was inherently a Romanian ethnic territory. Ion Nistor, a prominent Romanian historian and one of the most vocal proponents of Greater Romanian nationalism, was made a rector of the University of Cernăuţi (Chernivtsi), the main university of the province. Enrollment of Ukrainians in the university fell from 239 out of 1671 in 1914 to 155 out of 3,247 in 1933, while Romanian enrollment in the same period increased to 2,117 out of 3,247. 
The Romanization policies brought the closure of the Ukrainian public schools (all such schools were closed until 1928) and the suppression of most of the Ukrainian (Ruthenian) cultural institutions. The very term "Ukrainians" was prohibited from the official usage and some populations of disputable Ukrainian ethnicity were rather called the "citizens of Romania who forgot their native language" and were forced to change their last names to Romanian-sounding ones. As such, according to the Romanian census, of the total population of 805,000, 74% were called Romanians; the number included the Ukrainians and other possibly related Ukrainian ethnic groups Hutsuls referred to as "Romanians who forgot their native language" .
According to the 1930 census, Ukrainians made up 3.2% of the population of Romania. The declines in Ukrainian population between the censuses of 1919 and 1930 is illustrated as follows: the first census indicates a population of 16,250,000, of which 763,750 (4.7%) were Ukrainians; in 1930, as the total population had increased by 11% (to 18,025,896), the Ukrainian community had dropped to 576,828 members (75.5% of the previous total).

</doc>
<doc id="2854131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854131" title="Mugison">
Mugison

Mugison (or Örn Elías Guðmundsson) (born 4 September 1976 in Reykjavík) is an Icelandic musician.
Mugison got his nickname "Mugison" while on holiday visiting his father "Muggi" (Muggur) in Malaysia. His father is a karaoke singer and as the crowds at the karaoke bars in the small fishing villages they were touring had problems pronouncing his name they came to call him "Mugison". "Mugison" is the Icelandic naming convention for the surname of someone who is "the son of Muggi".
At the age of one, his family moved from Reykjavik to Isafjordur. When he was six his family then moved to a series of Islands on the West African Coast by the name of Cabo Verde. His father was there as part of a volunteer program teaching locals how to fish. Mugison spent an idyllic childhood in Cabo Verde owning various pet monkeys and spending vast amounts of time swimming. He did not start school until the age of nine.
From the age of 10 to 14, he lived in and around many parts of Reykjavík . At 14 he moved to a small island in the North of Iceland called Hrísey . During the winter, he was sent to a boarding/dorm school from 14-17. This is where Mugison began to explore and discover music. Prior to moving to Hrísey he had been a keen swimmer and football player, not overly interested in the arts.
During the summer of 1990, whilst working on Hrísey, he saw a poet/musician play a gig which was a major turning point in his life. The artist in question was Kjartan H Grétarsson. Mugison was so fascinated by Kjartan's mysterious presence, most notably his hair, that he sought him out and requested the musician teach Mugison how to become an artist. Kjartan agreed and they met every Wednesday in order for him to impart his widom and expose Mugison to all kinds of weird and wonderful music and literature including Frank Zappa, The Beat Poets and key Icelandic poetry. He told Mugison that this knowledge was crucial, as it could lend itself to conversations all over the world, no matter where you were from or where you were. Another aspect of the teacher/pupil scenario included a field trip on how to look at women, an invaluable lesson. This union has led to a lifelong friendship with Kjartan H Grétarsson creating subsequent cover art for the album Mugiboogie.
Having learnt the tricks of the trade from Kjartan H Grétarsson, Mugison moved to Reykjavík in 1993 at the age of 17. This was the year Nirvana released "In Utero" and Bjork put out "Debut", both highly influential albums in Mugison's life. He attended Hammrahlíðaskóli Menntaskóli. He chose this particular school as so many artists had graduated from there, most notably Páll Óskar who Mugison was a huge fan of.
During his time at Hammrahlíðaskóli he befriended an influential character called Kiddi Kanína who owned the iconic record shop Hljómalind. Kiddi was very involved with the early careers of Sigur Rós and Bjork and turned Mugison onto artists such as Sonic Youth and Pavement. This was an important friendship which solidified Mugison's love of music and encouraged him to participate and explore.
In 2000 Mugison went to London's Middlesex University SAE to complete a BA (Hons) in Recording Art. During his time in the UK he experimented with creating music on computers. Interested in creating more portable music options, Mugison visited an Apple Store to enquire when the laptop would be big enough to handle music, only to be told by a salesperson, unequivocally, that laptops wouldn't ever be big enough to make music. At the same time Bjork was predicting that all music would be made on laptops in the near future in various interviews she gave. Sharing the same vision as someone as influential as Bjork made Mugison even more determined that he was on the right path, so he purchased a second hand Apple 3G PowerBook with the sole intention to create music on it. During his studies in London, Digigram released the VX Pocket Soundcard. This new technology was so expensive that after Mugison purchased his prize possession he could not afford to pay rent for the rest of his semester, so had to sleep on friends sofas for the rest of his term in London. The investment was worth it and he began working on his debut album; Lonely Mountain.
Whilst working on his debut album Mugison spent a lot of time listening to Andy Votel and Matthew Herbert, these electronic artists were very important to him and they both ran small record labels (Twisted Nerve Records & Accidental Records) and influenced his own music making.
Upon completing the record, he made 10 burnt copies and sent them out to various labels in hope that a record label would release it. The CD was sent to all the usual suspects (4AD Records, XL Recordings etc.). He ran out of copies but wanted to contact Twisted Nerve Records so he rather charmingly farted in a mayonnaise jar, sealed the lid and posted it to the label accompanied by a note stating, if you like the smell of this fart, you'll love my music. Amazingly enough Andy Votel wrote back pledging to release his first split 7" single with Andy also featuring on the vinyl record.
He also sent a copy to Matthew Herbert who ran Accidental Records, rather, it was more akin to a love letter as Mugison was a great admirer of his work. Matthew responded to the record and agreed to release his debut album on Accidental. The artwork for the record and all subsequent Mugison CDs were all handmade. The CD packaging was ambitious with Mugison and his family hand-stitching over 10,000 copies before putting them all on a boat to England. Matthew Herbert took Mugison under his wing and nurtured his talent, becoming another mentor to him. At this point Mugison had never played a live gig. In 2003 Herbert was booked on a three week DJ tour of Japan, during this tour Herbert insisted he perform live, as his support act, thus Mugison began to finesse his live performance one man show.
The Mugison show in the early days consisted of himself, alone with a guitar and various gadgets. Sometimes a little tipsy. Always shambolic. He built himself 'The Mugibox', a box, no bigger than a suitcase, that contained all the equipment he needed to go out on the road (including his pants). He had discovered Ableton Live by this point, and played around with looping and various other tricks that the software enabled him to conjure up. He played wild, crashing guitar while mixing vocals and distorted breathing through a laptop. There weren't many other performers at this time using Ableton Live, thus giving him a slight edge in that particular area.
Mugison was booked to play at Sonar 2003 in Barcelona which turned out to be a monumental turning point in his career. Having grown disillusioned in his short time period of playing live, he treated Sonar as his last live gig. Playing in a basement parking garage, there were a handful of people to watch him, when suddenly, seconds after he started playing, the entire basement filled up with hundreds of people. Wishing to 'go out in a blaze of glory' Mugison played the gig of his life. The crowd lapped it up, and consequently became the talk of the festival. Unbeknown to Mugison, the reason for the sudden influx of people was because it had begun raining outside, however, the set was a hit and spurred him on to persevere with the live element of his career.
Sonar 2003 was a turning point and because of the good publicity and general industry buzz created as a direct result of the show he was booked to tour many headline tours around France, UK, Netherlands and Denmark. Touring became part of his life, one particular highlight was touring around Europe with fellow Icelandic band Múm during 2004.
A fortuitous chance encounter with Gruff Rhys from Super Furry Animals in London during 2003 led to Mugison Supporting the Welsh band at The Royal Festival Hall. This was a particular highlight during his early career.
After many tours during 2003/4 Mugison returned to Isafjordur and was asked to create the soundtrack to an Icelandic Film Niceland. Having no studio to create, the town kindly lent him the church in which he could record.
By the early fall of 2004 Mugison had finished his second album Mugimama Is This Monkey Music? which was recorded in an abandoned house in Isafjordur, also generously donated by the town. He moved to Reykjavik to release the album and perform at Iceland Airwaves Festival 2004. His official gig at NASA was packed and he could feel that something was happening, something big. Mugison was getting popular with the gig going fraternity. He also had his album release party at the (now defunct) NASA venue, which completely sold out. The album gained critical and commercial success.
Collaborations.
On all albums Mugison has worked with Pétur Ben (who co wrote Murr Murr) who is responsible for string arrangements on many of the songs, and also played guitar. His partner Rúna has featured on all of the albums, and his friend Biggi has mixed and mastered every album.
Gudni Finnsson And Arnar Gislason have been the solid foundation on bass and drums, both live and in the studio, since 2006
Aldrei Fór ég Suður Festival.
Aldrei Fór ég Suður"' 
(I Never Went South) Festival is a music festival Mugison set up approximately 10 years ago. 
The name of Mugison's celebrated Isafjördur music festival roughly translates to: “I never went south“ (an old saying that pokes fun at those who abandoned the West Fjords for the cosmopolitan niceties of life in temperate Reykjaví­k).
Mugison got the idea while in London one summer performing at a Rough Trade music festival that lineup included a host of up-and-coming talent. He thought it would be fun to put on a similar festival only a bigger and more weird in Isafjördur. Mugison talked to some musician friends and everyone got excited about the idea. They even talked to Björk playing when they met her downtown when they were drunk. She said they were “cutie pies" and for a long time they thought that meant “yes".
Even though Björk declined to perform, plenty of other people got excited about the idea of an all-day music festival where the only remuneration would be a damn good time. They figured Sigur Rós were too big so they asked them if they could just come over and do an acoustic set. And they showed up in cowboy hats and were doing hillbilly versions of all their old tunes. Mugison invited popular acts to perform, but he also extended the invitation to musicians with far lower profiles everyone from the local elementary-school choir to high-school garage bands to Isafjördur leather-sporting hair-metal act The Nine Elevens.
The festival rules for playing there are strict. No soundchecks and no backstage allowed, and each performing act would be informed of their playing order until just 10 minutes of getting on stage. There would be no monetary compensation, as all entrance would be free.
The inaugural festival in the spring of 2004 took place in a fish factory, followed the next year by a different factory that was in the middle of being converted to a theatre but still had fire-hazardous plastic sheets covering the inside walls.
Mirstumenti Project.
Mirstumenti Project:
The Mirstumenti is an electronic music instrument conceived by Mugison and his sound engineer. The idea for the Mirstument came during a tour in Europe in 2003, shortly after Sonar 2003. At the time Mugison was a one-man-band. Mugison and Palli (the sound-engineer) were fantasising about an alternative setup which didn't involve just putting a lot of controllers on a table, hooking up adapters and cables to all the midi stuff. They thought it should be more of an instrument, so that people could see what was going on, and with just have one on/off button.
The main component is the 192 button keyboard which is an AXIS 64, using the "harmony table" or "Melodic table", with button controllers controllers fitted around it. Mugison and his engineer also built a floor-station switch with many buttons, hiding the computer ("out of sight, out of mind"). The duo have also built a light-system that syncs with everything. Mugison will premier the instrument at the inaugural Sonar Reykjavik in February 2013.
Awards.
Icelandic Music Awards 2004 :
Performer Of The Year
Best Album - Mugimama Is This Monkey Music?
Best Cover Art
Song Of The Year - "Murr Murr"
Voted by the Icelandic Music-Press 2004:
Album Of The Year - "Mugimama Is This Monkey Music?"
2005 saw Mugison go global with the musician playing approximately 200 gigs in one year whilst supporting his second album Mugimama Is This Monkey Music? . Gig highlights included supporting Fantomas in London at the HMV forum and playing Roskilde festival. He also shared stages with José González and Hot Chip.
The album was released in North America by Mike Pattons label IPECAC Records and Accidental Records released the album throughout Europe.
He also created another soundtrack for a film by the name of A Little Trip To Heaven
During 2006 Mugison established his record label Mugiboogie, he was also growing tired of the computer troubadour label and wanted to play some rock and roll with a band. He moved back to The Westfjords with his young family, bought a house, converted the garage into a studio and started jamming with friends, this was going to be the basis of the next record.
Gig highlights of 2006 include: playing G-festival in the Faroe Islands and playing SPOT Festival for the second time (first time with a band)
Icelandic Music Awards 2006:
'Performer Of The Year'
2007 saw the release of Mugiboogie, his third studio album in October. Mugison wanted the album to sound timeless, so that you could not identify when it was recorded, the album comprises many different rock influenced styles including heavy, light and George Harrison-esq sounds. The idea was for it to sound like a 'Best Of' album. Following the release of Mugiboogie in Europe on his own label and Ipecac Records in North America, a booking agent from William Morris approached him to represent his touring interests in North America. Mugiboogie sold over 10,000 records in Iceland alone, with no radio support.
Icelandic Music Awards 2007:
Best Rock and Alternative Album Of The Year - Mugiboogie
Cover Art
Best Video
Voted by the Icelandic Music-Press 2007:
Album Of The Year - Mugiboogie
Gig highlights in 2008 supporting his third studio album include: supporting Queens Of The Stone Age during their 2008 Canadian Tour. 
First US tour - from NY to LA in three weeks. 2 piece band-setup with his good friend Davíð Þór Jónsson 
Popkomm in Berlin - the day Iceland went bankrupt 
The Nightmare Before Christmas Curated by The Melvins and Mike Patton (ATP Festival) 
Three headline tours around Europe plus a second appearance at Roskilde Festival 2008.
2009 saw Mugison release a live album called 'A Reminder' which contained a few songs which had been modified over the years. He sold this through his website and completed a sold out tour of Iceland with Björgvin Gíslasson
Mugison was also asked to participate in an Amnesty International charity event whereby he played all 5 Boroughs in New York- in one day.
2011 saw the release of his fourth and most successful to date studio album; Haglél. The album sold in excess of 30,000 during 2011. Recorded entirely in Icelandic, and recorded on a simple two-track soundcard the album was casually recorded with friends in various houses and home made studios. Due to the phenomenal success of the record, Mugison was able to pay off various debts and as a thank you gesture to the people that bought the album he did three free concerts in Reykjavik at Harpa in December 2011. He performed the three concerts in one day, and they were all at maximum capacity. The middle performance was filmed live to air on RUV and transpired to be the highest rated TV show on RUV during 2011. Mugison also travelled around the country and performed free concerts in the following towns: Seyðisfjörður, Vestmannaeyjar, Bolungarvik and Akureyri (where he did 2 concerts).
All Mugison's albums are handmade, so to create 30,000 became a full-time job for some of his friends and family.
Icelandic Music Awards 2011: 
Album of the year - Haglél
Songwriter Of The Year
Best Song Of The Year
Best Lyrics Of The Year
Most Poplar Performer - voted by the general public
Personal life.
After returning to Isafjordur in 2002, Mugison met his partner Rúna Esradóttir. They currently live in the Westfjords in a town called Súðavík with their two sons, next door to Rúna's mother's house. Family is extremely important to Mugison. His wife always plays on his records as well as his extended family. He had been away from my family and friends since he went to study in London. So he made a manifesto for Mugimama - that everyone that works with him on the album should be close to the musician, that was really practical.

</doc>
<doc id="2854132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854132" title="Acacia citrinoviridis">
Acacia citrinoviridis

Acacia citrinoviridis, commonly known as black mulga, river jam, milhan or wantan, is a tree in the family Fabaceae. Endemic to Western Australia, it occurs along creeks and rivers in the semi-arid land north of Carnarvon and Meekatharra.
Black mulga grows to a height of about . It usually has just one trunk. Like most "Acacia" species, it has phyllodes rather than true leaves. These are a grey-olive colour, and may be up to long and about wide. The flowers are yellow, and held in cylindrical clusters. The pods are around long and have a lemon-green felty covering. From a distance black mulga is similar to mulga but it can be distinguished by its dark bark.

</doc>
<doc id="2854133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854133" title="Augsburger Panther">
Augsburger Panther

The Augsburger Panther are a professional ice hockey team in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga. The team is based in Augsburg, Bavaria, Germany. They play their home games at the Curt Frenzel Stadion.
Founded in 1878, the team's name was Augsburger EV until 1994, when it was changed to Augsburger Panther.

</doc>
<doc id="2854136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854136" title="David Petrie">
David Petrie

Sir David Petrie, KCMG, CIE, CVO, CBE, KPM (1879–1961) was director general (DG) of MI5, the United Kingdom's internal security service, from 1941 to 1946. He was described as "a rugged and kindly Scot, with...immense physical and moral strength".
Biography.
Petrie worked in the Indian Police between 1900 and 1936. His highest level in India was to chair the Indian Public Service Commission. In April 1941, he was appointed Director general of MI5. His task was to reorganize the service so that it could improve the efficiency. In the spring of 1946, Petrie retired.

</doc>
<doc id="2854174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854174" title="Live at the Apollo (The Stranglers album)">
Live at the Apollo (The Stranglers album)

Live at the Apollo is a live album by The Stranglers.
In 2003, two versions of a gig recorded at the Glasgow Apollo appeared. This gig took place on Monday 23 November 1981 and was part of the U.K. tour to promote their new album "La Folie". This gig was originally recorded for, and aired on, Radio Clyde in late December 1981. 
"Live at the Apollo" is an officially remastered version. The second version, "Apollo Revisited" contains audio which appears to be from the original master tapes, but includes "Who Wants the World", "Nuclear Device", "Genetix" and "The Raven".

</doc>
<doc id="2854179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854179" title="River jam">
River jam

River jam is a common name of more than one plant:

</doc>
<doc id="2854180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854180" title="Milhan">
Milhan

Milhan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2854184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854184" title="Percy Sillitoe">
Percy Sillitoe

Sir Percy Joseph Sillitoe KBE (1888–1962) was Director general of MI5, the United Kingdom's internal security service, from 1946 to 1953.
He is credited with breaking the power of the notorious Glasgow razor gangs during the 1930s, made infamous in the novel "No Mean City". He was Chief Constable of the city's police force from 1931–43 and went on to head MI5.
During his time as Chief Constable of City of Glasgow Police, he was credited with the introduction of wireless radios allowing communication between headquarters and vehicles, which previously relied completely upon the use of Police boxes, use of civilians in police related roles, and the introduction of compulsory retirement after 30 years service.
He is further credited with the introduction of the "Sillitoe Tartan" which is more commonly recognized as the black and white diced pattern on police cap bands, originally based on that used by several Scottish regiments on the Glengarry.
His reputation was damaged by the 1951 defection to the Soviet Union of the spies Guy Burgess and Donald Duart Maclean, and by the investigation afterwards, which showed that MI5 had been unaware and slow to act.

</doc>
<doc id="2854192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854192" title="Japanese public corporations">
Japanese public corporations

Although the Japanese economy is largely based on private enterprise, it has a number of government-owned (public) corporations, which are more extensive and, in some cases, different in function from what exists in the United States.
History.
In 1988 there were ninety-seven public corporations, reduced from 111 in the early 1980s as a result of administrative reforms. Public companies at the national level were normally affiliated with one of the economic ministries, although the extent of direct management and supervision varied. The government divided the national-level corporations into several categories. The first included the main public service and monopoly corporations: Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Public Corporation, Japanese National Railways, and Japan Tobacco and Salt Public Corporation (now Japan Tobacco). However, Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation was privatized in 1985, and the Japanese National Railways in 1987, and Japan Tobacco and Salt Corporation in 1988. The second category included the major development corporations devoted to housing, agriculture, highways, water resources, ports, energy resources, and urban development projects. The Japanese Highway operators were changed into public-owned private corporations in 2005. In 2003, Japan Post was formed out of the former government-run postal services, but privatization is still pending and a major issue in Japanese politics.
Other categories of corporations included those charged with special government projects, loans and finance, and special types of banking. Local public corporations were involved with utilities.
Public corporations benefited the economy in several ways. Some, like Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation before privatization, were important sources of technology development funds or centers around which private industry could cluster. Others provided vital public services that private industry would find impossible to finance. The development banks, particularly the Japan Development Bank, were sources of long-term investment funds and instrumental in shaping the pattern of industry, especially in the early postwar period. Because public corporations also added revenue to the national budget and were, theoretically, selffinancing, they required little from the government in the way of financial support. They also provided employment for retired bureaucrats. The reemployment of retired bureaucrats as advisers to these corporations as well as to many private-sector firms was rather common, especially in the late 1960s and early 1970s, under the title amakudari (descent from heaven). The practice was most prevalent in the highly regulated banking, steel, and transportation industries but was also found throughout the Japanese economy.
Public corporations also have a negative side. Their operations are apt to be less efficient than those of the private sector, and in some corporations, close government supervision impedes corporate responsibility. Conflicts between corporate heads, who are retired from competing ministries, and envy among career employees, who see their advancement blocked by the influx of retired officials, also creates frequent management problems. Labor relations are also less harmonious in the public sector than in the private sector. Some of Japan's most debilitating strikes and work slowdowns have been launched by public transportation workers.

</doc>
<doc id="2854194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854194" title="Mulago Hospital">
Mulago Hospital

Mulago National Referral Hospital, commonly known as Mulago Hospital, is a hospital in Uganda.
Location.
The hospital is located on Mulago Hill in the northern part of the city of Kampala. It sits adjacent to and to the immediate west of Makerere University College of Health Sciences. This location lies approximately , by road, northeast of Kampala's central business district. The coordinates of Mulago Hospital are:0°20'16.0"N, 32°34'32.0"E (Latitude:0.337786; Longitude:32.575550).
Overview.
It is the largest hospital in Uganda. It is the teaching hospital of Makerere University College of Health Sciences. It is also one of the three National Referral Hospitals in the country, the other two being Butabika National Referral Hospital and Mbarara National Referral Hospital. The hospital offers services in most medical and surgical sub-specialties, in addition to dentistry, emergency medicine, pediatrics and intensive care.
History.
Old Mulago was founded in 1913 by Albert Ruskin Cook. The New Mulago facility was completed in 1962. The hospital has an official capacity of 1,790 beds, although it often houses over 3,000 patients. In 2012, the annual hospital budget totaled USh33.2 billion (approximately US$13 million). The funds are insufficient; the facility needs about three times its annual budget to function properly; (USh100 billion or US$40 million)

</doc>
<doc id="2854195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854195" title="Vision Vancouver">
Vision Vancouver

Vision Vancouver is one of three parties represented on Vancouver City Council in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Vision was formed in the months leading up to the 2005 municipal election.
Formation.
As centre-left civic party, Vision was founded by former Coalition of Progressive Electors (COPE) members first elected to Vancouver city council in 2002. Following that election, Mayor Larry Campbell and Councillors Jim Green, Raymond Louie and Tim Stevenson were soon dubbed "COPE Light" by the local media due to their moderate positions on taxation and development, as opposed to the more leftist "COPE Classic" Councillors.
Ongoing disagreements between the two factions led to Campbell and his allies forming an independent COPE caucus in December 2004. At the same time, supporters of Campbell and his allies created a fundraising organization independent of COPE called "Friends of Larry Campbell".
This group and its backers eventually formed a new party called "Vision Vancouver", initially to be led by Campbell. However, when Campbell announced that he would not seek a second term as Mayor, he called on Jim Green to run to succeed him. The party decided in August 2005 to run only five of a possible ten Council candidates and did not contest school board and park board slate elections.
In the election for Vancouver City Council held in November 2005, four Vision Vancouver candidates (Raymond Louie, Tim Stevenson, Heather Deal and George Chow) were elected, but the party's mayoral candidate, Jim Green, was defeated by the Non-Partisan Association's Sam Sullivan. Six members of the NPA were elected along with one for COPE.
Current status.
For the November 2008 election, Vision was seen as a serious contender for control of the city due to the perceived unpopularity of the Sam Sullivan Non-Partisan Association (NPA) team. On Father's Day, June 2008 Vision held an election to nominate their mayoral candidate. The choices were Gregor Robertson (a local 'Green' businessman, owner of the Happy Planet juice company and a New Democratic Party Member of the Legislative Assembly for Vancouver-Fairview), Raymond Louie (serving Vision city councillor), and Allan De Genova (Independent Vancouver Park Board Commissioner who defected from the NPA because of his dislike of Sam Sullivan's leadership). The original dynamic for this contest was changed when the NPA voted to replace as their mayoral candidate incumbent Sam Sullivan with longtime Councillor and businessman (editor of "Business in Vancouver" newspaper) Peter Ladner. Gregor Robertson was nominated to be the Vision candidate for mayor in 2008 despite his perceived similarity to the main rival NPA's candidate. The turnout for this contest was very high and many new members joined the party for this reason.
Under the direction of mayoral candidate Gregor Robertson, Vision Vancouver responded to COPE's requests (dating back to a change in leadership at COPE in May, 2007) to negotiate an electoral coalition with COPE and the Green Party of Vancouver (who ran joint slates with COPE in previous years). Vision Vancouver, COPE and the Greens agreed to support Gregor Robertson as mayor, run uncompeting slates and coordinate other elements of the election. The new Vision party attracted many potential nominees for City, Park and School Board positions.
On November 15, 2008, Gregor Robertson was elected Mayor of Vancouver. The Vision–COPE–Green coalition came to power. The only Vision Vancouver candidate not to be elected was Kashmir Dhalliwal.
On November 19, 2011, Gregor Robertson was re-elected Mayor of Vancouver. All Vision Vancouver candidates were elected. 

</doc>
<doc id="2854197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854197" title="St. Paul's Basilica (Toronto)">
St. Paul's Basilica (Toronto)

St. Paul's Basilica is the oldest Roman Catholic congregation in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It is located in the Corktown neighbourhood just east of downtown near the intersection of Queen and Parliament streets at 83 Power Street.
The parish was established in 1822 by James Baby when the York region was part of the Diocese of Kingston and was the only Roman Catholic parish between Kingston and Windsor. The original structure was constructed of red brick on the same site. To serve the expanding Irish immigrant community, a school opened soon after the church. When the Diocese of Toronto was separated from the Diocese of Kingston in 1842, St. Paul's served as the pro-cathedral until St. Michael's Cathedral was completed in 1848. 
The church is housed in an Italianate structure designed by Joseph Connolly and built in 1889 that is based on the design of the Basilica of St. Paul Outside the Walls in Rome. The new building was necessary to house the growing congregation.
The first Catholic cemetery in Toronto opened east of the church in 1822. The large increase in the Catholic population caused by Irish immigration quickly filled the cemetery to capacity and it was replaced by St. Michael's Cemetery in 1857.
It was designated a minor basilica by Pope John Paul II in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="2854201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854201" title="Vodafone Faroe Islands">
Vodafone Faroe Islands

Vodafone Faroe Islands is a Faroese telecommunications company, which started in October 2000. On May 29, 2008 the company, being previously known as Kall, was rebranded to Vodafone.
After the parliament (Løgting) made a new law in 1999 that allowed others to compete with Telefonverk Føroya Løgtings (TFL), which in the process changed its name to Føroya Tele. In 2001 Kall and Tele F became one company, Kall. Kall has about 20% of the market, and owns a small part (under 1%) of the FARICE-1 cable between Faroe Islands and Iceland. Dagsbrún owned 100% of Kall.

</doc>
<doc id="2854203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854203" title="Kids Station">
Kids Station

Kids Station (Japanese:キッズステーション, "kizzu sutēshon") is a Japanese children's television channel showing anime and other cartoon material. Kids Station also airs some anime aimed at teens during the night, such as "Narutaru", "Magical Shopping Arcade Abenobashi", "Genshiken", "Kujibiki Unbalance" and "Rosario + Vampire". It is broadcast on cable and satellite TV. It was managed on April 1, 1991.
Kids Station HD.
Kids Station HD (Japanese: :キッズステーションHD, "kizzu sutēshon HD")), a HD version of this channel, was first established on October 1, 2009.
This channel usually broadcasts shows later than other television networks, when most of these shows have already finished broadcasting on other channels. Many of the series they broadcast are from the parents' generations, allowing a wider audience to view shows.

</doc>
<doc id="2854204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854204" title="CIBC FirstCaribbean International Bank">
CIBC FirstCaribbean International Bank

CIBC FirstCaribbean International Bank (FCIB) (), () is a publicly held Caribbean financial services company based in Barbados. Formed in 2002 as a merge the Caribbean operations of Barclays Bank PLC and Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CIBC), in March 2006 both CIBC and Barclays announced that Barclays wished to exercise their option to exit the Caribbean venture completely resulting in CIBC gaining majority-control of the bank. in June 2011 it was announced the bank would be renamed CIBC FirstCaribbean Bank ""to be more closely aligned to the CIBC brand, while still maintaining the FirstCaribbean name and local identity.""
History.
Prior to 2002, the operations of what is now FirstCaribbean were run as the separate businesses of Barclays Bank and CIBC West Indies, part of CIBC's group of companies. Barclays had been active in the region since 1837 and CIBC's foray into the region began with branches in Jamaica in 1920.
The deal closed on December 23, as expected near the end of 2006. is awaiting approval by several Caribbean regional regulators, as well as the securities exchanges in the Caribbean where majority ownership 
thresholds of 50% + 1 may have been crossed for the publicly held bank.
CIBC shares acquisition.
On March 13, 2006, CIBC and Barclays announced that they had signed a non-binding letter of intent enabling CIBC to acquire 43.7% of the shares of FCIB from Barclays. Upon completion of the transaction, CIBC's ownership was to increase to approximately 87.4% of FCIB.
CIBC announced on 22 December 2006 that it had purchased 599,401,230 shares of FirstCaribbean from Barclays for US$988,652,389 (representing US$1.62 per share plus accrued but unpaid dividends). Barclays also retained their option to tender all or a part of the remaining holdings of 66,600,137 shares. Thereafter, CIBC proceeded with a mandatory purchase offer to all remaining shareholders at US$1.62 per share and wound up holding 91.5% of First Caribbean International Bank.
FirstCaribbean is not the only Canadian controlled bank in the region: Scotiabank, and the Royal Bank of Canada also have extensive commercial banking businesses in the region and treat the region as a native market.
Since the CIBC acquisition, the results of FirstCaribbean have deteriorated significantly. The most recent annual results (2010) saw revenues, profitability, assets, and deposits down significantly. The 2010 net income of $157 million is almost $100 million lower than the 2007 results.
Locations.
FirstCaribbean has branches in the following Caribbean countries:
Offshore.
As well as providing financial services to residents of the Caribbean countries where it operates, FirstCaribbean is also a provider of offshore financial services to non-residents.
Membership.
FirstCaribbean is a member of various Bankers Associations throughout the Caribbean region. Additionally FirstCaribbean also offers a co-branded University of the West Indies VISA-Classic, Gold or Platinum credit card for students, alumni and staff. FCIB is also a member of:
Stock Exchange listings.
FCIB is listed on the stock exchanges of Barbados, Jamaica, Trinidad and Tobago, Bahamas, as well as the Eastern Caribbean Securities Exchange.

</doc>
<doc id="2854207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854207" title="Chua Phung Kim">
Chua Phung Kim

Chua Phung Kim () (29 April 1939 – 4 August 1990) was a Singaporean weightlifter who first took to the sport in 1960 after being introduced to it by his elder brother, Chua Peng Kim. Just two years later, he helped Singapore win another gold medal in the Commonwealth Games by coming in tops in the bantamweight category during the 1962 British Empire and Commonwealth Games held in Perth, Western Australia after lifting a total of 710 lbs.
In 1965, he also took the gold medal in the 4th SEAP Games. He lost out the gold medal in the 1970 British Commonwealth Games by a mere 2.5 kilograms, before announcing his retirement from competitive participation in the sport. In 1976, he contributed to the sport as a coach under the Singapore Amateur Weightlifting Federation until his death in 1990 at the age of 51.
He worked as a auto mechanic. 

</doc>
<doc id="2854208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854208" title="Regents Park railway station">
Regents Park railway station

Regents Park is a railway station on the Main South railway line in the western Sydney suburb of Regents Park. The station is served by the T3 Bankstown Line of the Sydney Trains network. The platforms are connected with the adjacent street by stairs and a lift and therefore is Easy Access for wheelchairs.
Platforms and services.
Currently, Regents Park is served by Bankstown Line services generally on a half hourly basis between Lidcombe (two stations to the north) and the City via Bankstown, with additional trains provided during weekday peak hours.
Prior to October 2013, the station was served by Inner West Line trains operating between the city and Liverpool via Lidcombe, and Bankstown Line services generally continued through Regents Park north to Lidcombe and then through to the city as Inner West Line services. This operating pattern was discontinued in 2013 with the construction of an additional platform at Lidcombe to allow Bankstown line services to turnback there.
Transport links.
Transdev NSW runs two routes via Regents Park railway station:
NightRide runs one route via Regents Park railway station:

</doc>
<doc id="2854212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854212" title="Acacia coolgardiensis">
Acacia coolgardiensis

Acacia coolgardiensis, commonly known as Sugar Brother or Spinifex Wattle, is a shrub in the family Fabaceae. Endemic to Western Australia, it is widely distributed in the semi-arid spinifex country from Carnarvon to Kalgoorlie.
Sugar brother grows to a height of about three metres. It nearly always has multiple stems. Like most "Acacia" species, it has phyllodes rather than true leaves. These are green, and may be up to 10 centimetres long and about three millimetres wide. The flowers are yellow, and held in cylindrical clusters up to two centimetres long and five millimetres wide. The pods are papery, about three millimetres wide.
Taxonomy.
It was first published by Joseph Maiden in 1920, based on a specimen collected by Leonard Clarke Webster near Coolgardie in 1900, and a description of the fruit near Kunonoppin supplied by Frederick Stoward. The specific name is in reference to the town of Coolgardie.
There are three recognised subspecies:

</doc>
<doc id="2854213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854213" title="Orbita">
Orbita

Orbita () is a Soviet-Russian system of broadcasting and delivering TV signals via satellites. It is considered to be the first national network of satellite television.
The Orbita system is based on communication satellites in highly elliptical Molniya orbits, as well as on many ground downlink TV stations for reception and relaying TV signals to antennas of TV sets of many local areas. The full deployment of the Orbita satellite system took place on 25 October 1967 when ground downlink stations of some cities of Soviet Siberia and the Far East began to receive regular TV programmes from Moscow-based uplink stations via a constellation of Molniya satellites.

</doc>
<doc id="2854214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854214" title="John Hartigan">
John Hartigan

Detective John Hartigan is a major protagonist in the "Sin City" series of graphic novels, written by Frank Miller. He is the central character in "That Yellow Bastard", and has a small cameo in "Just Another Saturday Night". Miller has announced he will be the main character of another story, set before "That Yellow Bastard".
Appearance.
At the start of "That Yellow Bastard", Hartigan is "pushing 60." He has a distinguishing cross-shaped scar on his forehead. He is presented as a muscular and imposing man, capable of holding his own in almost any fight. He also suffers from angina, which consistently affects his work, despite his attempts to ignore and fight through it. He is almost always dressed professionally, most commonly wearing an oxford shirt, tie, and dress slacks, along with his signature trenchcoat.
Personality.
A veteran police detective of Basin City, Hartigan is gruff, stoic, and cynical. He is also completely selfless; he cares little about his own well-being as long as he can protect his fellow citizens. He risks his own safety and reputation to achieve safety for those he cares about, but this dedication eventually destroys his life. Hartigan possesses a seemingly indomitable will, able to withstand multiple bullet wounds without collapsing, and most notably being capable of willing himself back to life after being hanged. 
Hartigan has a distinctive way of narrating: he often talks to himself in his head, referring himself as "stupid old man".
In "That Yellow Bastard".
Hartigan's last case prior to his retirement is the investigation of a serial killer and rapist who preys on prepubescent girls. He eventually discovers that the killer is in fact Roark Junior, the son of Basin City's most powerful family. Despite rampant corruption in the legal system and numerous attempts on his life by Senator Roark (the killer's father), he pursues the case.
On his last night on the job, Hartigan is called to rescue Junior's newest intended victim, 11-year-old Nancy Callahan. His partner Bob (who is secretly on the Roark family's payroll) begs him to let the case go, but Hartigan refuses, punching Bob out and proceeding to the crime scene alone. Once there, he dispatches Roark Junior's henchmen and brutally punishes Roark Junior, shooting off the rapist's left ear, right hand, and genitals. Before Hartigan can kill Junior, however, Bob arrives on the scene and shoots Hartigan in the back several times, and in the chest shortly thereafter.
That night, Senator Roark visits Hartigan in the hospital, telling Hartigan that he will be framed for raping Nancy, and threatens to kill anyone who knows the truth. He pays to cure Hartigan's angina to ensure the detective will suffer as long as possible. Hartigan never confesses to the crime during the trial, but he does not say a word concerning Junior's guilt and allows himself to be convicted as a child molester. Over the next eight years, everyone he loves abandons him — except for Nancy, who worships him and writes him a letter every week. Nancy becomes his only reason to live; he accepts his fate so long as he believes she is safe.
Eight years later, the letters stop coming. At first, Hartigan suspects Nancy has simply outgrown him. However, someone then sends him a letter containing a human finger, and a stranger with bright yellow skin and a horrible odor visits Hartigan in person. Afraid for Nancy's safety, Hartigan confesses to raping her at his next parole hearing so he can protect her. With Senator Roark's approval, Hartigan is granted parole. Hartigan then seeks out Nancy at her last known address, a strip club known as Kadie's Bar. Nancy rushes into his arms and kisses him upon his arrival, and after their brief reunion, Hartigan realizes that he has been tricked into revealing Nancy's location. He flees the bar with Nancy, hiding in a cheap motel to try to evade Junior. During their stay at the motel, Hartigan resists Nancy's advances, albeit reluctantly. The stranger from earlier then finds and kidnaps both of them, revealing himself to be none other than Junior, alive but horribly disfigured by the medical treatments he underwent to repair the damage Hartigan caused. He leaves Hartigan at the end of a noose to die.
Through sheer force of will, he escapes from the trap and pursues Junior and Nancy back to the Roark family farm, where he rescues Nancy and then re-castrates Junior (this time with his bare hands) before beating him to death. After sharing a kiss with Nancy, he instructs her to leave the farm, telling her he will expose the Roarks and clear his name. However, upon her departure, he commits suicide with his own gun, narrating that this is the only way to truly protect Nancy from the Roark family. Hartigan dies realizing that with the Roark bloodline dying off, there is a very strong chance of Sin City one day finally changing for the better.
Film appearance.
Hartigan is portrayed by Bruce Willis in the 2005 film adaptation of "Sin City". According to many interviews, Willis, upon seeing one or two minutes of "The Customer is Always Right" short that Robert Rodriguez had brought with him as a proof of concept tool to get actors and other talent (most notably Frank Miller) on board, paused the DVD, turned to Rodriguez and said that whatever he saw from that point onwards, he wanted to be part of the project. Michael Douglas was considered for the role before Willis came on board.

</doc>
<doc id="2854223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854223" title="Francine Cousteau">
Francine Cousteau

Francine Triplet Cousteau is the current president of the non-profit organization Cousteau Society. Francine Cousteau is the widow of oceanographer Jacques-Yves Cousteau. She is the mother of Jacques Cousteau's third and fourth children, Diane and Pierre-Yves.
After Jacques Cousteau's death, Francine became involved in legal battles with family members regarding Captain Cousteau's financial and spiritual legacies, as well as the salvage and use of RV Calypso.

</doc>
<doc id="2854224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854224" title="Pollokshaws Bowling Club">
Pollokshaws Bowling Club

History.
Pollokshaws Bowling Club was formed in 1854.
In 1888, Nicol Cameron of Pollokshaws Bowling Club was elected the inaugural President of the Glasgow Bowling Association.
The honour of being President of the GBA was also bestowed upon R. Kerr in 1905 and J. M. Geddes in 1966.
Pollokshaws has also been honoured with the Presidency of the Renfrewshire Bowling Association on several occasions: R. Smith (1884), M. Henderson (1887), J. D King (1898), G. Lang (1916), and J. Nesbitt (2004).
The club has had some success over the years in Scottish, Glasgow and Renfrewshire Bowling Association competitions.
Indeed, in the second ever Scottish Bowling Association Rinks Final in 1892 Pollokshaws reached the final only to lose narrowly to Kilmarnock 21-20.
National success was not to be denied, and in 1909 Thomas Wilson won the Men's Scottish Singles Final. This victory was commemorated by the Championship trophy he donated which is now played for annually by the male members of the club.
1937 was probably the club's most successful year. Pollokshaws won the Renfrewshire County Cup, Gilmour Cup and the Nether Pollok Estate Cup in that glorious season.
In the centenary year of 1954 the club moved from the Shaws side of Pollokshaws Road into Pollok Country Park. This gives Pollokshaws a wonderful country setting, when in reality it is in the middle of the busy Glasgow South Side.
In 2004 as well as celebrating the club's sesquicentennial, John Nesbitt was President of the Renfrewshire Bowling Association.
150th Anniversary - Sesquicentennial.
The club celebrated its 150th year in 2004 with a civic reception at Glasgow City Chambers. For the record, 2004's President was Samuel Robinson and the Men's Club Champion Marcus McGowan.
2005.
In 2005 further GBA success followed with a victory in the Triples at Rutherglen. Jim Smith, Paul Good and Alex Campbell were victorious over Mearns 14-10. This was particularly sweet for Jim and Paul as they had reached the Final of the same competition in 1999 only to lose out to Queens Park.
The club joined the GBA Glasgow League and were promoted at the first attempt from Division 6.
2006.
Pollokshaws won the East Renfrewshire Cup for the first time in 32 years.
2007.
Pollokshaws were promoted to Division 4 of the GBA Glasgow League.
2008.
In 2008 the club recorded its first win in the Hillpark & District Fours Championship, with Marco Pellegrini, Joe Ferrier, Stevie Summers and Brian Kerr beating Crookston in the Final.
The club had previously won the Junior Singles (Robert Gartshore) and the Pairs (Alec Campbell and Paul Brophy).
The Shaws also won the Renfrewshire County Cup for the first time for 71 years!
Pollokshaws were Division 4 Champions of the Glasgow League.
2009.
Pollokshaws had two sides in SBA District 30 Finals: Pairs - James Tait and Pat Shields; Triples - Gus Head, Davy Stevenson, and Steven Bentley. However, both lost in the finals held at Linthouse.
A Shaws Fours also reached the Renfrewshire Fours Final at Meikleriggs: Marco Pellegrini, Alec Campbell #2, Pat Shields, and Marcus McGowan. They lost to Charleston in the Final.
Pollokshaws were Division 3 champions of the Glasgow League.
2010.
The club won their 15th Gilmour Cup, for the first time in 12 years.
A Shaws rink reached the District Final of the SBA but were beaten by Drumoyne. The team was: Alec Campbell #2, John Guidici, Jim Lauder Snr, Paul Good.
Pollokshaws finally broke the hoodoo of never winning our own prestigious Invitation Fours. The winning rink was: Alec Campbell #2, John Guidici, Stephen Lowrie, and Alec Campbell #1.
Pollokshaws BC won Division 2 of the Glasgow Bowling League, the club's fifth promotion in six years and third consecutive league title.
In season 2010, the inaugural Kiwi Cup was played for and won by Jim Lauder. The trophy was donated by member and ex-pat Paul Brophy who resides in Wellington, New Zealand. The one end shootouts can be viewed on YouTube here:
2011.
In a season which could rival or even surpass the brilliant year of 1937 the club had many achievements and successes.
Pollokshaws won the East Renfrewshire Cup with a combined score of 32 up.
Pollokshaws retained the Invitation Fours. The team was Alec Campbell #2, John Giudici, Marco Pellegrini and Skip, Alec Campbell #1.
The club also established a website: www.pollokshawsbc.co.uk for members and visitors.
Pollokshaws defeated Mount Vernon in the GBA Millennium Triples 3-0 at Maryhill.
The club won promotion to the Premier Division of the GBA Glasgow League by winning the First Division title. This was the club's sixth promotion in seven years and their fourth consecutive division title.
Kevin Connell, Gerry Devine, Jim Smith and Alec Campbell#1 beat Giffnock 15-12 in the Hillpark & District Senior Fours Final.
2012.
Pollokshaws registered official club colours with the SBA, RBA, and GBA. The coloured polo shirts can be worn in Association Competitions.
Pollokshaws won the revamped Gilmour Cup with a score of 52 up, making this the club's 16th victory in the competition.
Pollokshaws won the Renfrewshire under 45s Fours competition at Grosvenor, Greenock versus Wellington Park BC. The team was Lead - Martin Feehily, Second - Marco Pellegrini, Third - Craig Whiteside, Skip - Marcus McGowan.
A Triples side consisting of Steven Summers, Jim Brophy and Paul Good reached the Renfrewshire Final but lost to Gourock Park at Paisley Victoria.
Gus Head won the Wober Cup singles (the McIntosh trophy) for Pollokshaws in the senior section, beating Hillington Estate at Renfrew.
Pollokshaws finished runners-up in the Renfrew County Cup with a total of 35 up. Caledonia of Paisley won with 39 up. The tournament was seriously affected by rain and many games were cancelled or abandoned.
Pollokshaws won the Invitation Fours for the third consecutive year. The winning team beat another Pollokshaws team in the final. The winners were: Lead: Raymond Harris, Second: Steven Harris, Third: Gordon Campbell, and Skip: Syd Harris.
Juniors Stephen Lowrie Jnr and Jordan Kerr won their district to qualify for the Scottish Junior Championship Finals at Ayr, Northfield.
The Junior Section of Pollokshaws won the Govan League for the first time.
The men reached the Final of the GBA Millennium Triples for the second consecutive year, but were beaten 2-1 by Drumoyne at Baillieston.
Pollokshaws won the GBA Premier Division by securing a home win and a vital away draw v Drumoyne. Shaws ended up tied on shots with Kelvindale, but Pollokshaws had a superior shots difference.
Pollokshaws 'B' team won Division 6 on the same night.
2013.
16 year old Jordan Kerr won the Bowls Scotland District Junior Singles at Fairfield to qualify for Northfield.
13 year old Stephen Lowrie Junior won the Renfrewshire Junior Singles title at Grosvenor beating John Reid Junior (Gourock Park) 21-20.
Pollokshaws won the GBA Charity Cup. The winning rink consisted of Raymond Harris, Steven Harris, Steven Scott and Skip Syd Harris.
The club won the Hillpark & District League title for the very first time, after leaders Titwood could only draw with bottom of the league Eaglesham and the Shaws won both their games.
Jordan Kerr reached the semi finals of the Bowls Scotland under 17 singles at Northfield.
Ladies Fours consisting of Annette McCone, Christine Robinson, Lyn Wallace and Skip Jackie Robinson reached the QF in the Scottish Championships at Ayr.
Jordan Kerr reached the QF of the Scottish Junior Singles at Ayr Northfield.
Pollokshaws 'B' won the GBA Division 5 title.
Pollokshaws 'A' retained the GBA Premier Division for the second year running, pipping Kingswood by a solitary point.
Jordan Kerr won the Hillpark & District Junior Singles title beating Crookston in a very close final, 21-19.
Pollokshaws beat Titwood 21-8 in the Hillpark & District Fours Final. Winning rink was Joe Ferrier, Marco Pellegrini, Alec Campbell #2 and Skip Marcus McGowan.
2014.
Stephen Lowrie Junior beat Linthouse in the Bowls Scotland District Junior Singles to qualify for Northfield.
The men's Fours also qualified for Ayr beating Nitshill at Cardonald. The rink was Lead Steven Scott, Second Marco Pellegrini, Third Stephen Lowrie Senior, Skip Marcus McGowan
Stephen Lowrie Junior reached his second consecutive Renfrewshire Under 25s Final but lost 21-16 to John Fleming of Wellington Park at Giffnock.
Pollokshaws Invitation Fours Winners.
Established in 1975, the Pollokshaws Invitation Fours is a unique bowling tournament. National and County Fours champions compete with each other to become the winners. Over the years Scottish champions such as George Adrain, Hugh Duff, David Gourlay Jnr, Paul Foster and Mark Kelsey have all played in this prestigious championship.
1975 Blantyre
1976
1977 Pilrig
1978 Clarkston
1979 Blantyre
1980 Dreghorn
1981 Dailly
1982 Anniesland
1983 Helensburgh
1984 Dalserf
1985 Brock
1986 Dalserf
1987 Drumoyne
1988 St Andrews' Steelworks
1989 Mearns
1990 Brock
1991 Tanfield
1992 Rutherglen
1993 Ferguslie
1994 Brock
1995 Drongan
1996 Margate
1997 Bainfield
1998 St Vincent's
1999 Northfield
2000 Parkside
2001 Busby
2002 Bogelha
2003 Hillpark
2004 Margate
2005 Darnley
2006 Stronvaar
2007 Stronvaar
2008 Bogleha
2009 Bogleha
2010 Pollokshaws
2011 Pollokshaws
2012 Pollokshaws
2013 Barr and Stroud
2014 Foxley
Presidents.
1854 James Tassie
1855 Dr Litster
1856 William Dunlop
1857 James Livingstone
1858 Baillie McKay
1859 William Stevenson
1860 Duncan Watson
1861 James Dunlop
1862 Alex Renfrew
1863 James Steel
1864 Thomas Watson
1865 Dr Steel
1866 Nicol Cameron
1867 William King
1868 Baillie Livingstone
1869 Alex Alexander
1870 John McFarlane
1871 Dr Ritchie
1872 James Dunlop
1873 John McQueen
1874 William Reid
1875 Provost Cameron
1876 Alex Alexander
1877 William S. Bisset
1878 John Buchanan
1879 Dr Ritchie
1880 James W. Cameron
1881 John Russell
1882 John Campbell
1883 William Anderson
1884 Robert Smith
1885 Nicol Cameron
1886 James Stewart
1887 Alex A. Henderson
1888 Thomas Prentice
1889 Provost Ritchie
1890 David Livingstone
1891 John G. Sewell
1892 Hugh Kennedy
1893 Robert P. Gilmour
1894 Dr King
1895 John Davidson Jnr
1896 Andrew Arbuckle
1897 James G. King
1898 Provost McFarlane
1899 James Dunlop
1900 John Mathieson
1901 Provost Leckie
1902 Robert Kerr
1903 John Lyons
1904 Nicol Cameron
1905 James MacDougall
1906 A. B. Stevenson
1907 James Allan
1908 Robert Hendry
1909 Robert W. Turner
1910 Thomas Allinson
1911 Alex McLellan
1912 Hector McKinnon
1913 James Dickson
1914 Andrew Arbuckle
1915 George Lang
1916 A. A. Whyte Jnr
1917 John M. Dunlop
1918 Robert A. Lang
1919 Thomas Wilson
1920 James Watson
1921 Robert Allinson
1922 James McCulloch
1923 Robert McLean
1924 Robert McCourtney
1925 Robert Ronaldson
1926 John H. Sinclair
1927 Robert Y. Horan
1928 James McL Milne
1929 William Hart
1930 Robert Gardner Jnr
1931 James W. Shaw
1932 Gibson C. Simpson
1933 Alex Mann
1934 Alex Sinclair
1935 Mitchell R. McCall
1936 Thomas G. Crawford
1937 Charles C. Gardner
1938 Gilbert C. George
1939 David Pearson
1940 John M. Geddes
1941 William Hedges
1942 Richard Finlay
1943 John King
1944 Robert Clark
1945 James Durran
1946 John Riach
1947 Thomas Greig
1948 John Gordon
1949 Robert Clark
1950 Edward Meldrum
1951 Hugh M. MacLachlan
1952 Alex Black
1953 Robert McCulloch
1954 John M. Geddes
1955 Robert Brackenridge
1956 John Smith
1957 Robert Dunlop
1958 David B. McKay
1959 Thomas A. MacLeod
1960 Dugald S. Russell
1961 James Lundie
1962 Charles Rutherford
1963 Robert Thomson
1964 William McDonald
1965 William Thomson
1966 John Tennent
1967 John Robertson
1968 James H. Inglis
1969 William S. Hart
1970 Alex Livingstone
1971 John Jarvie
1972 Robert Robertson
1973 William Hutcheson
1974 Sidney Gray
1975 James Meers
1976 David Cuthbertson
1977 Walter C. Guthrie
1978 John M. Spence
1979 David B. McKay
1980 George Geekie
1981 William Harris
1982 Thomas K. Walsh
1983
1984 Thomas P. McGrotty
1985 Samuel M. Robinson
1986 Hamish Tait
1987 George Young
1988 Douglas Rennie
1989 John Cairney
1990 Robert Reoch
1991 John M. Tennent
1992 George McGhee
1993 Owen Barrett
1994 John T. Montgomery
1995 James Simpson
1996 Brian Kerr
1997 Robert Plunkett
1998 David Gamble
1999 James Smith
2000 John Higgins
2001 Brian Morrison
2002 William C. Bentley
2003 Peter D. Shields
2004 Samuel M. Robinson
2005 John Nesbitt
2006 James B. Douglas
2007 John McAbney
2008 Steven Bentley
2009 Ian Jamieson
2010 Angus Head
2011 Paul Good
2012 Pat Gough 
2013 Gordon McGuire
2014 Steven Summers
Champions.
1854 William Dunlop
1855 William Dunlop
1856
1857 William Govan
1858 Thomas Watson
1859 James Dunlop
1860
1861 William Govan
1862 Thomas Watson
1863 James Dunlop
1864 Nicol Cameron
1865 William Govan
1866 Thomas Wilson
1867 Joseph Watson
1868 James Dunlop
1869 William Govan
1870 John McFarlane
1871 Thomas Allison
1872 Robert Reid
1873 John Russell
1874 Robert Reid
1875 John Russell
1876 Thomas Allison
1877 William Govan
1878 Robert Reid
1879
1880 Thomas Allison
1881
1882 James Stewart
1883
1884 Thomas Allison
1885 James Finlay
1886 James Stewart
1887 James Stewart
1888 James Stewart
1889 Robert Smith
1890 John Davidson
1891 John Davidson
1892 Thomas Wilson
1893 John Davidson
1894 John Davidson
1895 Thomas Wilson
1896 John McLennan
1897 John Davidson
1898 William Dunlop
1899 John Davidson
1900 David Russell
1901 Thomas Wilson
1902 James Allan
1903 William Dunlop
1904 John Davidson
1905 Thomas Wilson
1906 Thomas Wilson
1907 John Davidson
1908 Thomas Wilson
1909 J. Davidson
1910 Thomas Allan
1911 Arthur Urie
1912 Robert Allinson
1913 William Hart
1914 W. Breckinridge
1915 Thomas Wilson
1916 Thomas Wilson
1917 William Hart
1918 Thomas Wilson
1919 William Hart
1920 George Lang
1921 Hugh Burgess
1922 Hugh Burgess
1923 William Hart
1924 Alex Gibson
1925 William Hart
1926 William Hart
1927 Alex Gibson
1928 Alex Gibson
1929 Alex Gibson
1930 J. A. Sinclair
1931 John King
1932 Neil Baxter
1933 William Hart
1934 Peter Sinclair
1935 William Raeside
1936 William Raeside
1937 Neil Baxter
1938 J. McCulloch
1939 Peter Sinclair
1940 Robert Clark
1941 Alex Gibson
1942 Alex Gibson
1943 Alex Gibson
1944 Neil Baxter
1945 Andrew Sinclair
1946 J. McQuaker
1947 Colin Campbell
1948 Richard Findlay
1949 Colin Campbell
1950 John King
1951 George Wren
1952 Alex Gibson
1953 Thomas Greig
1954 Neil Baxter
1955 Robert Mooney
1956 Richard Finlay
1957 H. G. Watson
1958 James Thomson
1959 Andrew Fleming
1960 John M. Geddes
1961 Andrew Dow
1962 John McGuinness
1963 Andrew Fleming
1964 T. A. MacLeod
1965 John M. Geddes
1966 Maurice E. Mallon
1967 John Russell
1968 Archibald Auld
1969 George McBride
1970 James Campbell
1971 Maurice E. Mallon
1972 James Meers
1973 Charles Carpenter
1974 Alex Livingstone
1975 James E. Meers
1976 James Smillie
1977 George Geekie
1978 James Meers
1979 James E. Meers
1980 James E. Meers
1981 James E. Meers
1982 James E. Meers
1983 Tom Brown
1984 James Meers
1985 James E. Meers
1986 Ian McGahan
1987 Jimmy Sillars
1988 Jim Smith
1989 Jim Smith
1990 Ian McGahan
1991 Robert Plunkett
1992 Allan Marshall
1993 Ian McGahan
1994 Robert Plunkett
1995 Craig Whiteside
1996 Scott Nicholson
1997 Gerry Mulheron
1998 Gerry Mulheron
1999 Jim Smith
2000 Douglas Rennie
2001 Pat Shields
2002 Marcus McGowan
2003 Paul Good
2004 Marcus McGowan
2005 Alec Campbell 1
2006 Jim Smith
2007 Paul Good
2008 Alec Campbell 1
2009 Stephen Lowrie
2010 Steven Scott
2011 Steven Scott
2012 Alec Campbell 1
2013 Alec Campbell 1
President's Prize Winners.
1914 Andrew Dickson
1915 Robert McCourtney
1916 Hugh Burgess
1917 Hugh Burgess
1918 George Lang
1919 William Hart
1920 John Harrison
1921 Thomas M Anderson
1922 William Raeside
1923 James W Shaw
1924 Allan Mackenzie
1925 Thomas Wilson
1926 Alex Gibson
1927 William Hart
1928 William Hart
1929 Thomas Wilson
1930 Andrew Wilson
1931 John King
1932 James W Shaw
1933 Alex Gibson
1934 Neil Baxter
1935 Peter Sinclair
1936 Gilbert L George
1937 John Geddes
1938 Richard Findlay
1939 William Cunningham
1940 David Wilson
1941 Alex Gibson
1942 William Cunningham
1943 William Raeside
1944 William McMillan
1945 Neil Baxter
1946 Neil Baxter
1947 John King
1948 Alex Gibson
1949 Colin Campbell
1950 E. Dinwoodie
1951 D. Bowman
1952 Richard Findlay
1953 J. Hart
1954 Andrew Fleming
1955 John M. Geddes
1956 Alex Gibson
1957 T. Porter
1958 D.C. Highlands
1959 W. Thomson
1960 W. Thomson
1961 Andrew Dow
1962 Alex Gibson
1963 R. Fleming
1964 R. Dunlop
1965 Richard Findlay
1966 T.A. Macleod
1967 Tommy McGrotty
1968 G. Anderson
1969 A. Fleming
1970 Charles Carpenter
1971 G. Anderson
1972 A. Fleming
1973 James Meers
1974 Tom Brown
1975 A. Ferguson
1976 James Meers
1977 D. Campbell
1978 James Meers
1979 James E. Meers
1980 James E. Meers
1981 James E. Meers
1982 Eddie Colligan
1983 James E. Meers
1984 James E. Meers
1985 James E. Meers
1986 Tommy McGrotty
1987 James E. Meers
1988 Ronnie Johnstone
1989 Tommy McGrotty
1990 John M. Tennent
1991 Robert Gartshore
1992 Robert Plunkett
1993 Alec Woods
1994 Robert Gartshore
1995 Craig Whiteside
1996 George Young
1997 John Higgins
1998 Marcus McGowan
1999 Gerry Mulheron
2000 John Higgins
2001 Robert Plunkett
2002 Brian Morrison
2003 Alec Campbell 1
2004 Mark Letford
2005 Alec Campbell 2
2006 James M. Tait
2007 Paul Good
2008 Paul Good
2009 Marco Pellegrini
2010 Marcus McGowan
2011 Stephen Lowrie
2012 Paul Good
2013 Marcus McGowan
Watson Cup Winners.
1932 Alex Harper
1933 Neil Baxter
1934 Alex Gibson
1935 Neil Baxter
1936 Neil Baxter
1937 John Geddes
1938 Alex Gibson
1939 John Geddes
1940 John Geddes
1941
1942 J. Sinclair
1943 Andrew Sinclair
1944 Alex Gibson
1945
1946 J. McQuaker
1947 Robert Mooney
1948 D. Bowman
1949 M. Stewart
1950 H. McLachlan
1951 J. Lamont
1952 J. Russell
1953 T. A. Macleod
1954 W. Millar
1955 John M. Geddes
1956 John M. Geddes
1957 John M. Geddes
1958 D.C. Highlands
1959 John M. Geddes
1960 W. Millar
1961 T. A. Macleod
1962 T. A. Macleod
1963 E. Blair
1964 John M. Geddes
1965 T. A. Macleod
1966 W. Thomson
1967 Maurice E. Mallon
1968 D.B. McKay
1969 J. H. Inglis
1970 John M. Tennent
1971 James Meers
1972 Charles Carpenter
1973 James Meers
1974 J. McAdam
1975 Frank Dollard
1976
1977 George Geekie
1978 D. Campbell
1979 James E. Meers
1980 James E. Meers
1981 Eddie Colligan
1982 Eddie Colligan
1983 Tam Kennedy
1984 George Geekie
1985 James E. Meers
1986 James E. Meers
1987 John Kennedy
1988 Ted McLean
1989 Hamish Tait
1990 John Kennedy
1991 John Kennedy
1992 John Higgins
1993 Robert Plunkett
1994 Brian Morrison
1995 Brian Kerr
1996 Paul Good
1997 James M. Tait
1998 Pat Shields
1999 John Lowrie
2000 Alec Woods
2001 Gerry Mulheron
2002 John Sweeney
2003 James M. Tait
2004 Marco Pellegrini
2005 Paul Good
2006 Alec Campbell 1
2007 Alec Campbell 2
2008 Jim Brophy
2009 Jim Smith
2010 Stevie Summers
2011 Paul Good
2012 Jim Brophy
2013 James M. Tait
Vice President's Prize.
1961 A. McLellan
1962 R. Fleming
1963 J. Wasson
1964 David B. McKay
1965 J. Robertson
1966 Maurice E. Mallon
1967 G. Anderson
1968 A. Cunningham
1969 John Jarvie
1970 R. Robertson
1971 James Meers
1972 Hamish Tait
1973 W. Young
1974 George Geekie
1975 Frank Dollard
1976 Peter Nicholson
1977 Eddie Colligan
1978 P. McGinlay
1979 T. Kelly
1980 Robert Plunkett
1981 Robert Reoch
1982 John Kennedy
1983 George Young
1984 Bert Richmond
1985 Frank Burns
1986 Jimmy Sillars
1987 Jim Smith
1988 Ronnie Johnstone
1989 John Montgomery
1990 Robert Gartshore
1991 Gerry Mulheron
1992 J. M. Tait
1993 Tom McKinlay
1994 Douglas Rennie
1995 Craig Whiteside
1996 Andy Williamson
1997 Willie Bentley
1998 Louie Marenghi
1999 Alec Campbell 1
2000 Willie Roseweir
2001 Robert Taylor
2002 John O'Reilly
2003 Jim Brophy
2004 Stephen Lowrie
2005 Pat Gough
2006 Andy McConville
2007 Paul Brophy
2008 Stevie Summers
2009 Gordon Campbell
2010 Syd Harris
2011 Eddie McGarrigle
2012 Steven Bentley
2013 Andrew Tait
MacLeod Novice Trophy Singles.
1965 J. Colligan
1966 Maurice E. Mallon
1967 John M. Tennant
1968 J. H. Inglis
1969 John Jarvie
1970 Sid Gray
1971 Jim McLean
1972 George Geekie
1973 Willie Murdoch
1974 David Morrison
1975 M. McFadden
1976
1977 John Tennant
1978 John Kennedy
1979 John McAuley
1980 Tam Kennedy
1981 Bert Dalbeck
1982 Matt Houston
1983 J. Ramsay
1984 John Cairns
1985 Jimmy Sillars
1986 Jim Smith
1987 John Blackwood
1988 Ronnie Johnstone
1989 John Lowrie
1990 Alec Woods
1991 Pat Shields
1992 Willie Bentley
1993 Alec Boyd
1994 Brian Morrison
1995 Craig Whiteside
1996 John Good
1997 John Giuduci
1998 Marcus McGowan
1999 Frank Wilson
2000 Phil Magill
2001 Stephen Lowrie
2002 Mark Letford
2003 Andy McConville
2004 Jim Lauder
2005 Andrew Tait
2006 Steven Bentley
2007 Paul Brophy
2008 Alan Hogan
2009 Gordon Campbell
2010 Joe Ferrier
2011 Eddie McGarrigle
2012 Kevin Connell
2013 Steven Harris
Honours Board.
SCOTTISH BOWLING ASSOCIATION
SBA Singles (1) 1909
SBA Pairs
SBA Triples
SBA Fours
SBA Senior Fours
SBA Junior Singles
SBA Senior Singles
Richardson Trophy (1) 1944
GLASGOW BOWLING ASSOCIATION
GBA Singles (1) 1926
GBA Pairs (1) 1982
GBA Triples (1) 2005
GBA Fours (1) 1932
GBA Senior Fours
GBA Under 45s
GBA Junior Singles
GBA Millennium Triples (1) 2011
GBA Top 5
GBA McIntosh Trophy Wober Singles (2) 1992, 2012
GBA Charity Cup (4) 1919, 1921, 1991, 2013
GBA Centenary Cup
GBA Coronation Cup
GBA Under 45s
GBA Sponsored Fours
RENFREWSHIRE BOWLING ASSOCIATION
RBA Singles (3) 1939, 1967, 1985
RBA Pairs
RBA Triples
RBA Fours
RBA Sponsored Fours
RBA Junior Singles (1) 2013
RBA Under 45s (1) 2012
RBA Top 10
RBA Centenary Cup
CUP COMPETITIONS
Glasgow Cup (4) 1913, 1982, 1997, 2001
Renfrewshire County Cup (10) 1878, 1879, 1883, 1886, 1890, 1891, 1897, 1915, 1937, 2008
Glasgow v Ayrshire Eglington Trophy (1) 1951
Glasgow v Lanarkshire (1) 1970
Nether Pollok Estate Cup (9) 1912, 1937, 1942, 1959, 1981, 1982, 1986, 1989, 2005
Gilmour Cup (16) 1911, 1924, 1937, 1938, 1939, 1942, 1943, 1945, 1960, 1964, 1990, 1994, 1996, 1998, 2010, 2012
East Renfrewshire Cup (8) 1891, 1896, 1905, 1956, 1964, 1974, 2006, 2011
SBA DISTRICT TITLES
SBA District Singles
SBA District Pairs
SBA District Triples
SBA District Fours (2) 2002, 2014
SBA District Junior Singles (2) 2013, 2014
SBA District Senior Fours
SBA Senior Singles
HILLPARK & DISTRICT 
League Champions (1) 2013
Singles
Pairs (1) 2004
Triples
Fours (2) 2008, 2013
Junior Singles (2) 1995, 2013
Senior Fours (1) 2011
GLASGOW LEAGUE (A & B teams created 2012)
Premier Division Winners (2) 2012, 2013
Division 1 Winners (1) 2011
Division 2 Winners (1) 2010
Division 3 Winners (1) 2009
Division 4 Winners (1) 2008
Division 5 Winners (1) 2013
Division 6 Winners (1) 2012
External links.
Visit the Pollokshaws Bowling Club Webpage at: Pollokshaws.blogspot.com
Scottish Bowling Association
Glasgow Bowling Association

</doc>
<doc id="2854227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854227" title="Insubria">
Insubria

Insubria is a historical-geographical region which corresponds to the area inhabited in Classical antiquity by the Insubres; the name can also refer to the Duchy of Milan (1395–1810). For several centuries this name stood for an area stretching approximately between the Adda river in the east and the Sesia river in the west, and between the San Gottardo Pass in the north and the Po river in the south, thus it was a synonym of the Milan region and the countryside areas gravitating towards it.
History.
Polybius claims the Insubres founded the city of Milan around 600 BC. They were a Celtic people which dwelt in the 4th–5th century BC in the area of pre-Alpine lakes and Milan. The name Insubres is visible in the middle portion of the Tabula Peutingeriana. 
The symbol of Insubria (when conceived as the Duchy of Milan) is the Milanese Ducal flag, the Visconti child-swallowing serpent quartered with the Imperial eagle. For further details, see the Duchy of Milan.
Regio Insubrica Euroregion.
At present, the meaning of the term Insubria is perceived as more restricted, as it indicates the territory of the cross-boundary cooperation community Regio Insubrica, which was set up in 1995 by the Italian provinces of Varese, Como, Verbano-Cusio-Ossola together with the Swiss Canton Ticino: that is to say, the lakes area between Italy and Switzerland where the Italian language is spoken. The Regio Insubrica was recently extended to the territories of the provinces of Novara and Lecco.
It is a Euroregion (complying with the Madrid Agreement by the Council of Europe) which promotes cross-boundary cooperation in the Italian-Swiss region of the three pre-Alpine lakes (i.e., Lake Como, Lake Lugano and Lake Maggiore).
Linguistics.
From an ethnolinguistic viewpoint, Insubria also comprises the provinces of Novara, Lecco, Milan, and Lodi, that is, those areas in which the Western Lombard or Insubrian language variety is spoken and which correspond to the territory of the former Duchy of Milan until its takeover by the Habsburg Empire as a result of the Treaty of Baden in 1714 or, better said, of the Treaty of Campo Formio (1797), which marks the end of the first Austrian domination.
Modern and contemporary uses.
The word "Insubria" was considered for long a mere synonym of Lombardy, especially in the Ducal age, that is, from the late Middle Ages to the Renaissance.
From the 14th to the 17th century, among the men of letters at the Milan Ducal Court, the terms "Insubre" and "Insubria" were used to give awareness of unity and a higher national identity to the still vital autonomous communes.
"Insubria" thus denoted the core of the then extensive Duchy of Milan, as attested in the writings of Benzo d'Alessandria, Giovanni Simonetta, Thomas Coryat, Bernardino Corio and Andrea Alciato. In the 17th century Gabriele Verri reaffirmed that concept using the following motto, which he placed as a heading in all his works: "Insubres sumus, non latini" ("We are Insubrians, not latins").
In 1797, following the occupation of the Duchy of Milan by the French, Napoleon I had the Milan mint strike a commemorative medal with the dedication "All'Insubria Libera" ("To Free Insubria") and an allegory of the French Republic, which was represented as a woman wearing a headpiece and helped on the right hand by Peace, who places the Phrygian cap onto Insubria's head. Insubria is led by a putto and has a horn of plenty at her feet.
In the 1930s, a review called "Insubria" was published, whose aim was promoting tourism and culture of the pre-Alpine lakes area.
The term fell into oblivion until the 1990s, when Insubria came into favour again because of a series of events, the first of which was the founding (in 1995) of the above-mentioned "Regio Insubrica", a cross-boundary cooperation community whose aim is to promote the cultural, economic and social elements which draw Italian Switzerland and the border provinces together.
The newspaper "La Prealpina", followed by others, added a daily page headed "Insubria" reporting local political news.
In 1996 the Terra Insubre Cultural Association was officially set up in Varese; its purposes are the spreading and promotion of the history and natural environment of the Insubrian territory to a vast audience. At present (2006) the Association has about 1500 members and two detached branches (Milan and Marcallo con Casone), as well as a quarterly review also named "Terra Insubre".
In those same years (i.e. July 14, 1998) the University of Insubria was set up as the University pole of the towns of Varese and Como.
Insubrism.
In recent years, some politicians have begun to debate the possibility of institutionally constituting Insubria and/or gaining its political autonomy. However, as of today there exist no political parties striving for that goal, but only some cultural and opinion movements.
At the beginning of 2002 the "Movimento degli Indipendenti Insubrici" ("Insubrian Independence Movement") was constituted in the Ticino Canton, and later in the Graubünden Canton. It was led by Werner Nussbaumer, a physician from Gravesano, former member of the Greens and known for his actions aimed at promoting "Cannabis indica" for therapeutical purposes.
The "Indipendenti Insubrici" had Nussbaumer as their representative in the Gran Consiglio of the Ticino Canton from January 2003 to the following elections in the same year, though he had been originally elected in 1999 among the Greens. The president of the movement in the Insubrian Graubünden was Giancarlo Gruber. Following internal party problems and Nussbaumer's arrest on May 22, 2003, the group disappeared from the political scene.
The activities of Domà Nunch opinion group, the promoter of the "El Dragh Bloeu" online review, started in 2005. The movement was officially presented in Piazza Insubria, Milan, on February 6, 2006. Domà Nunch has no institutional representatives, but it mainly organizes conferences, rallies and popular fairs; among them the annual Insubrian National Day every September 5, to celebrate the foundation of the Duchy of Milan; the Forum on the Environmental Emergencies in Insubria, which took place in March 2007 in Uboldo; the Forum on the Milanese Language in April 2007 in Nerviano, which reconciled the biggest linguistic associations of the region; the summit Olona: A Broken Valley in March 2008 in Gorla Minore; the three-day Olona Valley Festival in June 2008; and the rallies against the Pedemontana highway project on November 2009 and February 2010.
Domà Nunch draws its inspiration from the principles of eco-nationalism, that is to say, a synthesis of environmentalism and requests for the protection of Insubrian cultural identity; it promotes the project of an Insubrian Confederation, based on the Swiss state model.
"Domà Nunch" could be translated from Insubric language as "Only Us" or "Only Our", "El Dragh Bloeu" as "The Blue Dragon".

</doc>
<doc id="2854239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854239" title="Benjamin Beduneau">
Benjamin Beduneau

Benjamin Beduneau, also known as Lancelot, is a French composer.
In September 2005 he sued Malcolm McLaren for plagiarism, alleging that McLaren had copied one of Beduneau's compositions for use in the soundtrack to "Kill Bill 2". McLaren's lawyer has admitted that McLaren does not play any musical instruments.
In November 2005, a French court in Angers (Maine-et-Loire) threw out the case ruling there was not enough evidence to support the claim.

</doc>
<doc id="2854241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854241" title="The Stranglers and Friends – Live in Concert">
The Stranglers and Friends – Live in Concert

The Stranglers and Friends: Live in Concert is a live album by The Stranglers, first released in 1995.
In the spring of 1980, Hugh Cornwell was in Pentonville Prison for drugs possession. With two gigs scheduled at the London Rainbow for 3 April and 4 April, the management decided to turn things around by approaching a number of well-known artists (including John Ellis, Toyah Willcox, Peter Hammill and Hazel O'Connor, among others) to fill in for the absent Cornwell. "The Stranglers and Friends: Live in Concert" chronicles this event. In 2002, this album was re-released on the Castle Music label with new artwork and sleeve-notes.
Track listing.
A 1997 release of this recording contains the same tracks (not in the same order), except "Grip", "Hanging Around", "Bear Cage" and "Peaches".

</doc>
<doc id="2854242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854242" title="Gakhar">
Gakhar

Gakhar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2854244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854244" title="Kolkata Book Fair">
Kolkata Book Fair

The International Kolkata Book Fair (Old name: Calcutta Book Fair in English, and officially Antarjatik Kolkata Boimela or Antarjatik Kolkata Pustakmela in romanized Bengali, Bengali: (কলকাতা বইমেলা বা কলকাতা পুস্তকমেলা) is a winter fair in Kolkata. It is a unique book fair in the sense of not being a trade fair – the book fair is primarily for the general public rather than whole-sale distributors. It is the world's largest non-trade book fair, Asia's largest book fair and the most attended book fair in the world. It is the world's third largest annual conglomeration of books after the Frankfurt Book Fair and the London Book Fair. Many Kolkatans consider the book fair an inherent part of Kolkata, and instances of people visiting the fair every day during its duration are not uncommon. The fair offers a typical fairground experience with a book flavour – with picnickers, singer-songwriters, and candy floss vendors. With a total footfall of over 2 million people, it is world's largest book fair by attendance.
The success of the Kolkata Book Fair has resulted in many book fairs in smaller cities in West Bengal like Siliguri, and was inspired, in turn, by the first World Book Fair at New Delhi in 1972.
The popularity of the Kolkata Book Fair was seminal in India being nominated the "Guest of Honour" at the Frankfurt Book Fair in 2006, according to the Frankfurt Book Fair organizers. The book fair has been celebrated in theatre, literature, songs and limericks in Kolkata.
Inception.
The book fair was started on a small scale in 1976 by the Kolkata Publishers' and Booksellers' Guild. The book fair was started to meet the growing public demand for books, and a relative lack of bookshops. Even though the country now has several large bookshops like "Landmark", "Starmark", "Crossword Bookstores", and "The Oxford Bookstore", in addition to the book shop district of College Street, the tradition persists and Calcutta Book Fair is growing every year.
Duration.
The fair traditionally starts on the last Wednesday of January, and ends on the first or second Sunday of February (to ensure that the duration is always 12 days). It was initially a week-long event but popular demand forced authorities to extend the duration to 12 days in 2005. Even though there is usually an extended holiday in Calcutta during the period of 23 January (Subhas Chandra Bose's birthday) to 26 January (Republic Day of India), the fair is held at the beginning of February to overlap with the payday of most Kolkatans.
The fair typically overlaps with the Hindu festival of Saraswati Puja. Saraswati is the Goddess of Learning, and hence many Hindu households observe the day by worshiping books on that day and not touching books for any other purpose. This practice causes a lower footfall on the corresponding day in the book fair.
Venue.
Since year 2009, the fair has been held in its new location at "Milan Mela" near Science City on E.M. Bypass. The initial apprehension about reduced attendance at the new site has been proven wrong. Millions visited the book fair in 2009.
The fair used to be held on the Maidan, Kolkata's large urban park. It was being held at the Park Street end of the Maidan, due to a better road and rail network, having moved there from the other end of Maidan in 1991.
During the 1980s and early 1990s, Kolkata played host to two annual book fairs, one by the Kolkata Publishers' and Booksellers' Guild, and one by the Government of West Bengal − the "Grontho Mela" ('Grontho' is archaic Bengali word for book). 'Grontho Mela' was held from late December until early January, and was the showcase for books published by Government-run publishing houses. While this was initially a rival commercial venture, the unprecedented growth of the 'Kolkata Book Fair' caused the Government of West Bengal to merge the two book fairs in 1992.
Conservation problems for the Victoria Memorial include high dust pollution, which is often accentuated by public fairs on the Maidan. The Kolkata High Court's 2004 decision to move all public fairs to the Eastern Metropolitan Bypass has not been greeted with enthusiasm by fair organizers due to the present location being in the heart of Kolkata, and being very well serviced by public transport. The book fair and a few other fairs, however, were granted special permission by the Kolkata High Court to continue holding the fair on the Maidan in 2005 and 2006. However, the choice of Maidan as the annual venue for the book fair is no longer certain.
A demand for a permanent round-the-year indoor space for the fair, comprising only some of the stalls, had been given by the fair authorities to the Government of West Bengal. The former Chief Minister of West Bengal, Mr. Buddhadeb Bhattacharya, in a statement in 2005, had agreed to this request but no progress has been made on this front.
However, many Kolkatans feel that the fair will lose its ambience if it is held indoors or away from the Maidan, which is a vast stretch of green in the heart of the city. After a yearlong uncertainty, the world's largest non-trade book fair, settled for Park Circus Maidan to host the literary carnival in 2008.
However, organisers of Asia's biggest book fair remained apprehensive, keeping in mind the disgrace in January 2007 when the Kolkata High Court did not allow them to host the fair at the Maidan on environmental grounds. The Publishers and Booksellers Guild had to shift the most-awaited cultural event to Salt Lake in 2007 after the city's green brigade won a legal battle to block the fair at the Maidan.
Kolkata Book Fair 2014.
The 38th International Kolkata Book Fair 2014 was inaugurated on 28 January at 4:30PM by the Honorable Chief Minister of West Bengal Mamata Banarjee. The fair was held between 29 January and 9 February from 1PM to 8PM.
The focal theme of the 2014 fair was Peru. Wikipedia, world’s largest multilingual free Internet encyclopaedia, also made its debut at the 38th International Kolkata Book Fair, where it launched a campaign "to sign up volunteers who can contribute to enrich" the Bengali language version of Wikipedia, also called "Banglapedia". The Book Seller and Publisher Guild introduced the Book Privilege Card in 2014 for the internet-savvy readers. A printout of the mail will serve as the Privilege Card that gives an additional 15% discount on the purchase of books worth 500 and above.
Kolkata Book Fair 2013.
The 37th International Kolkata Book Fair 2013 was inaugurated on 26 January 2013 and stayed operational from 30 January to 10 February 2013. The focal theme this year was "Bangladesh". Nearly 1.9 million book lovers visited this fair.
The duration of the 2013 Kolkata Book Fair was extended by three days, following a request from West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee, to help small and medium-sized publishers.
The 37th edition of the popular fair started on Jan 26 in the state capital instead of Jan 29 and ended on Feb 10 as scheduled earlier.
The fair did a business of over Rs.20 crore.
Besides the focus country of Bangladesh, Britain, the US, Italy, Vietnam, China, Israel and Costa Rica set up book pavilions at the fair.
Also, Nobel laureates, writers, dramatists and musicians from various countries took part in the Kolkata Literary Meet to mark the centenary of poet-writer Rabindranath Tagore winning the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1913.
Iconic Bengali writer Sunil Gangopadhyay, who passed away in October 2013, was remembered at the event through speeches and an award instituted in his memory.
Kolkata Book Fair 2012.
The 36th International Kolkata Book Fair 2012 flagged off on 25 January 2012 and was operational till 5 February 2013. The focal theme this year was Italy.
West Bengal's newly appointed Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee inaugurated the Kolkata Book Fair on 24 January 2012 at 4:30pm.
This year many fire prevention measures were taken, in consideration of recent fire incidents in Kolkata such as the AMRI Hospital tragedy.
Power cut.
On Monday, 30 January 2012, in a bizarre move, the Kolkata Book Fair authorities switched off power during an interaction of Pakistan cricketer and politician Imran Khan with the media, claiming that a press meet scheduled to last for five minutes had stretched to nearly 45 minutes. According to TV footage, the Imran's address to the media ended abruptly as the power was switched off. There could have been utter chaos or security problems owing to the action of the Book Fair authorities. "We did switch off power because the next programme could not be started. So we were forced to do so," Kolkata Book Fair organizer's top official Tridib Chatterjee told a local TV news channel.
Information about 2012 Bookfair.
36th Calcutta Book Fair 2012 was opened by the famous Italian writer Beppe Severgni. Important personages such as Vikram Seth, Ruskin Bond and Chetan Bhagat literature were scheduled to participate in a 12-day event, as were many writers from abroad.
Kolkata Book Fair, the world’s largest non-trade book fair, had also earned the distinction of being the largest book fair in Asia. “This is the third largest annual conglomeration of books after the Frankfurt Book Fair and Book Fair in London." This Year the Book Fair, with Italy as the theme for the country, has opened in the presence of Severgni West Bengal, Mamata Banerjee, Prime Minister and other senior officials from the world of culture and literature. Kolkata Book Fair has become an integral part of the culture of Bengal since its inception in 1976.
The Calcutta Book Fair-36 has a number of “firsts” in her kitty. Kolkata's first Literature Meet (KLM), organized by the Fair, in which famous writers such as Vikram Seth, Ruskin Bond, Chetan Bhagat, Shashi Tharoor, Mohammed Hanif, Amit Chaudhuri and Basu Kuhn were present. Bangladeshi writer Tahmima Anam, French writer Nicholas Savage, graphic novelist Nicholas Wilde, Scottish novelist and essayist, travel Kapka Kassabova, Canadian writer Craig Taylor, best-selling novel by Alessandro Baricco, author of Italy were also scheduled to participate.
Kolkata Book Fair 2012 was also opened by the Chief Minister on 24 January 2012. After many years, the former Chief Minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee was not part of the event, which is close to his heart. This is the first time that a book fair was inaugurated in the presence of a Women Chief Minister.
Another novelty was the musical performance at the opening ceremony, while signing the song performed by Kaushiki Desikan and Monali Thakur, Shantanu Moitra in presence of enthusiastic audience. A concert with emphasis on the effects of the composition of Rabindra Nath Tagore's foreign songs provided a melodic end to the program.
Directions to the 2012 fair: Milan Mela Complex, near Science City on E.M. Bypass, Kolkata. Those who want to know the route to follow Book Fair 2012 at Milan Mela are hereby informed that they can take Train route to Bidhannagar Station & from there may take Taxi or Buses towards Science City. The West Bengal Government will run extra buses from different locations of Kolkata to Milan Mela Kolkata Book Fair 2012 Venue at different timings daily.
Kolkata Book Fair 2011.
Almost 1.7 million book lovers visited in 12 days in the 35th International Kolkata Book Fair. It was again held at Milan Mela, next to Science City, EM Bypass.
Organized by the Publishers & Booksellers Guild, the 35th edition of the International Kolkata Book Fair 2011 was successfully held from January 26 to February 6, 2011. This year’s fair was not only international but also carried an important historical significance. This year, on the occasion of the 150th birth anniversary of the Nobel Laureate immortal poet Rabindranath Tagore to whose memory the Fair had been dedicated, there was no entry fee for the visitors. Each and every booklover visiting the fair was gifted a pocket calendar with a photograph of Rabindranath Tagore as a memento. Over 1.6 million booklovers gathered in this 12 day book festival, and books worth Rs 16 crore were sold.
Noted Pulitzer Award winning writer Richard Ford of USA inaugurated the fair. The Hon’ble chief minister of West Bengal, Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee was the chief guest while the guest of honour was the noted author Atin Bandyopadhyay. The special guest was the ambassador of USA to India, Timothy J. Roemer.
This was the first time that the Little Magazine Publishers in Little Magazine enclave had been given space at a prime position in the fairground free of cost. Another first was the solar lighting on the fairground. Solar battery operated vehicles were provided for the benefit of the aged and the disabled visitors to the fair.
The five halls in the fairground had been named after Acharya Prafulla Chandra, Debabrata Biswas, Shantideb Ghosh, Mother Teresa and Suchitra Mitra. Separate zones set up for the convenience of the discerning readers included religious literature zones, universities and educational institution zones, and Hindi and neighbouring literature zones.
Talk shows centered around Rabindranath—AAMAR RABINDRANATH (Tagore in my life) were a major crowd puller. Celebrities from the fields of cinema, music, dance, drama, painting and literature spoke about the influence of the poet in their lives. Among the celebrities present were Ranjit Mallick, Swagatalakshmi, Mamatashankar, Lopamudra, Goutam Ghosh, Chaiti Ghoshal, Anindita Kazi and Sunil Ganguly, Sirshendu, Samares, Suchitra Bhattacharya and others. 
Apart from these seminars, International Kolkata Book Fair 2011 had three international lectures: the Asoke Sarkar Memorial Lecture delivered by Richard Ford, a Pulitzer Prize winning American novelist, the Supriya Sarkar Memorial Lecture delivered by American scientist and bestselling author Dr Mani Bhaumik, and the Sushil Mukherjea Memorial Lecture delivered by the noted author Akhil Sharma, USA. A three-dimensional laser show hosted by USA was held each evening in the Fairground where glimpses of American culture were displayed.
Other attractions included the Montemarte (art village) open air auditorium, the Children’s Pavilion ‘CHELEBELA’, and the Tagore Pavilion. The Theme Pavilion was a replica of the Capitol Building in Washington D.C. The Theme Gate was a replica of the Library of Congress building, USA. The other gates were replicas of Jorasanko Gate, India Gate, Charminar Gate, Gateway of India and the Thakurbari Museum. The Tagore Pavilion was a replica of the Rabindranath Tagore memorial building of Bangladesh — Sahajadpur Kuthibari.
Kolkata Book Fair 2010.
Mexico was selected as the focal theme and partner country for the 2010 Book Fair.
The 34th International Kolkata Book Fair 2010 was held from 27 January to 7 February 2010.
The Fair was inaugurated by Mr. Jorge Volpi on 25 January 2010 at 4:30pm at Milan Mela Prangan. The Chief Guest Of Honour of 2010 Kolkata Book Fair was Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee, Honourable Chief Minister, West Bengal.
Foreign Participants : 1. Bangladesh Complex, 2. Britain, 3. France, 4. Germany, 5. The African Union, 6. Japan, 7. Spain, 8. Italy, 9. European Union, 10. Sweden, 11. Romania, 12. 14 Latin American Countries, 13. Vietnam, 14. Cuba.
Other Participating States:
Andhra Pradesh, Bihar, Delhi, Gujarat, Haryana, Karnataka, Kashmir, Maharastra, Punjab, Tamil Nadu, Tripura, Uttar Pradesh, Jharkhand.
Apart from the various large and small National and International Book Publishers, the other attractions of the Fair were an IT pavilion, a Little Magazine pavilion, some stalls of local Handicrafts and Arts and also an open area for the Foodies paved with a number of stalls of different delicious food items.
Kolkata Book Fair 2009.
Scotland was selected the focal theme country for the 2009 Book Fair.
The Kolkata Book Fair is the most awaited annual cultural event of the city of Calcutta. It is Asia's biggest and the world's largest non-trade book fair but there have been controversies regarding the venue of the event. The Publishers and Booksellers' Guild, organizers of the book fair, had to shift the venue from the Maidan to Salt Lake in 2007 after environmental activists won a legal battle to stop the event from being held in the city's green area. However the venue was slightly difficult to reach and so despite financial concerns of the Publishers and Booksellers Guild (PBG), the Kolkata Book Fair 2009 was held at Milan Mela Prangan, situated on the EM Bypass, the alternative venue developed by the communist West Bengal State Government for the event.
This year, for the first time, the Publishers and Booksellers' Guild released a Calcutta Book Fair Theme Song "Oi Daakchey Boi" produced by Cozmik Harmony - a partner of Washington Bangla Radio pioneering the digital era of Bengali Songs. The lyrics of "Oi Daakchey Boi" are by Sugata Guha, music by the popular percussionist Bikram Ghosh, and performed by Pratik Chowdhury, Ruprekha, Rupam Islam, Lopamudra Mitra, Srikanta Acharya, Bikram Ghosh, Shubhamita, Pulak and Rupankar Bagchi.
Kolkata Book Fair 2008.
The United States of America was elected as the focal theme country for the 2008 Book Fair and was given a pavilion to showcase its books and publishers. Also, a US-Kolkata Literary Exchange (USKLE) has been created to organize this event with the Consulate General of the United States of America in Kolkata. The Kolkata Book Fair took place 30 January to 10 February 2008.
Pulitzer Prize winning poet Yusef Komunyakaa lead the delegation to the 2008 Kolkata Book Fair. Joining him on the board of advisers were several US poet laureates, including Rita Dove and Donald Hall.
Henry V Jardine, the United States Consul General in Kolkata said, "With the United States as the 'Theme Country' this year, the Consulate along with other organizations will work to bring a range of great programs, with prominent authors, artists, and academics. We will have a full schedule of events throughout the Fair time to highlight the life, culture, literature and arts of the United States. The Kolkata-based American Library will provide a display of some of its many books, periodicals and electronic media that are available for students, academics, or anyone wanting access to the Library’s collection. Also, our office of the U.S. Educational Foundation in India (USEFI) will conduct programs for prospective students interested in studying in the United States. USEFI has done such an impressive job over the last few years in promoting United States schools and universities that Indian students now represent the largest number of foreign students in the United States. "SPAN Magazine", which is a popular source of information on the close Indo-U.S. relationship, will also have representatives present and a display to highlight its more fascinating articles about shared Indian and American experiences."
Less than 24 hours before its inauguration, the Kolkata High Court banned the 33rd Kolkata Book Fair from being held on the Park Circus Maidan on environmental grounds. The fair was to be held from 29 January to 10 February. The court verdict was a culmination of a long-drawn battle between the environmentalists and the state on holding fairs at the Maidan, close to Victoria Memorial. In November 2003, the state had assured the court all fairs would be shifted from the Maidan and a permanent complex would come up on the Eastern Metropolitan Bypass.
Controversy over the 2007 fair.
The 2007 fair attracted a lot of controversy over the Kolkata High Court decision banning fairs on the Maidan. The court granted the fair special permission for the year of 2005, and permission for "one last time" in the year 2006 to be held at Maidan, which has been the venue of the fair for the last 31 years. The Kolkata Book Fair was the only fair granted special permission in 2006. Despite the two years given to the fair organizers to find alternative venues, no progress was made till 2007, mainly due to the fact that Kolkata lacks a large convention center with modern facilities. An objection on the grounds of environmental damage was raised for the 2007 fair and it has drawn protest from various independent groups like the "Save the Maidan" campaign. The High Court has forbidden the Guild to hold the fair on Maidan.
A large part of the intellectuals, authors, editors, journalists and book lovers, including Sunil Gangopadhyay, Shirshendu Mukhopadhyay, Samaresh Majumder, Suchitra Bhattacharya, Buddhadev Guha, Mrinal Sen, the Mayor of Kolkata, turned up at the Maidan venue on 31 January, the day of the inauguration of the fair, to protest the Kolkata High Court order banning the fair, and to symbolically inaugurate the Kolkata Book Fair. This was to show that the spirit of people supporting the fair cannot be killed.
In 2007 Romania participated for the first time. Romanian jazz artist Teodora Enache was present with her music.
The rescheduled Book Fair was held in Salt Lake City, a place located at the outskirts of Kolkata from 9 February up to 25 February.
With lesser space and lesser footfall, the 2007 fair was a moderate success at best.
The 2009 book fair at Milan Mela Maidan was a gala success, according to the figures published by the organizing committee. In 2010 Inauguration Honorable Chief Minister of West Bengal Mr. Buddhadeb Bhattacharya remarked, "Some people are against the Book Fair in the name of environment." The Book Fair is sponsored by the Publishers Guild, a business forum.
Kolkata Book Fair 2006.
2006 was the 32nd Kolkata Book Fair. The Court had issued an order the previous year against the holding of any fair or exhibition in the Maidan following a petition against it being converted into a venue for such occasions on grounds of environmental degradation.
A bibliophile himself, Mr. Bhattacharjee took up the matter with the Defence Ministry, as the Indian Army is the custodian of the Maidan and the holding of any event there requires a no objection certificate from it.
Mr. Bhattacharjee made a similar appeal, and with success, for the 2006 Book Fair, an event that drew more than 2.5 million people and in the course of which Rs. 22 crores of books and other publications were sold, according to its organisers, the Booksellers and Publishers Guild. The Court then agreed to a one-time waiver in deference to an appeal from the State Government. Mr. Bhattacharjee had also sought the help of then Defence Minister, Pranab Mukherjee, to get the Army's nod. The latter has been approached to persuade his successor A. K. Antony to do the same.
Defence sources said the Army authorities have told the Government that an NOC could not be issued without a clearance from the Court.
Kolkata Book Fair 2005.
The 30th Kolkata Book Fair got underway in the City of Joy on the Republic Day at the city's Maidan from 25 January to 6 February 2005. In 2005, the fair housed about 600 stalls, including more than 20 pavilions, and recorded 13 to 14 lakh visitors every year. Kolkata Book Fair 2005 was of special significance as it was technically updated and remodeled to keep pace with international standards. Kolkata Book Fair was ranked at par with its foreign counterpart—World Book Fair, Frankfurt on the world calendar.
For the first time in the fair's history, three big players of the publishing industry -- Ananda Publishers, Mitra & Ghosh and Dey's Publishing— set-up their stalls adjacent to each other. This caused small and medium publishers some concern as they felt the three crowd pullers would tell upon the distribution of buyers in the fair.
France was the theme of 2005's fair. French writer and critic Daniel Pinnac inaugurated the event. He shared the dais with West Bengal Chief Minister Buddhadev Bhattacharya.
Green case against Book Fair at High Court 2005.
An eminent environmentalist moved the Calcutta High Court claiming that preparation for the Kolkata Book Fair was leading to pollution of the Brigade Parade Ground area, considered to be the lung of the metropolis.
Subhas Dutta placed before a division bench, presided by justice Asim Banerjee, 30 photographs which he claimed were proof of the digging and spoiling of the ground by contractors and workers setting up the showrooms and book fair offices. Dutta claimed trenches had been dug to place cables and to prepare service privies, affecting the environmental balance of the ground, and alleged that the State Government had not taken any action in this regard. The High Court directed early that the environmental balance of the brigade parade ground must be kept intact and the greenery maintained for the sake of the people's health. It had also directed that prior permission of the military authorities, which own the ground, was necessary before the State Government granted permission for any usage of the ground by any organisation.
Focus on IT in Kolkata Book Fair 2005.
Kolkata Book Fair 2005, held at Milan Mela Prangan, highlighted the IT and ITES aspects of the state along with the changing face of West Bengal's infrastructure and talent pool.
The book fair had an information technology park (ITP) where several IT companies displayed and sold IT products relating to education, literature and other projects. On display were IT products suitable for libraries, school education and technical disciplines as well as details of courses, hardware and CDs of books. The stalls of ITES players like the Academy of Animation Arts and Technology focused on the potential of the biotech and animation sectors. One study by a global consulting firm indicated that by 2005, the Indian animation industry could be worth $1.5 billion in a global market of $5–7 billion.
The Academy of Animation Arts and Technology set up an animation school to provide training on the fundamentals of animation.
The 2005 Kolkata Book Fair was held over an area of 800,000 sq.ft. (75,330 sq.mt), with a stall cover area of 200,000 sq.ft. 535 book stalls took part in the fair. Footfall recorded was over 14 lakhs. Single day sales on the final day exceeded Rs.2 million.
Kolkata Book Fair 2004.
There was enough police bundobast at the venue of the 29th Kolkata Book Fair to tackle any eventuality even before it was formally inaugurated on Tuesday by Chilean poet Raúl Zurita. Although lights seemed to have gotten brighter this year, the 'ground' reality remained unchanged. The handful of visitors on the inaugural day managed to raise enough dust to put a cavalry charge to shame. Chile being the theme for the fair, the inaugural ceremony had more to do with Pablo Neruda and Latin American literature than about the event itself.
Participants.
Most bookstalls in the book fair keep English and Bengali books. Popular book stalls include Ananda Publishers, Dey's Publishing, Deb Sahitya Kutir, and Mitra Ghosh Publishers, Pratibhas, Punashcha, Sishu Sahitya Samsad, Deep Prakashan, Tuli Kalam, Bhasha o Sahitya, Maondol Book House, Saraswato Library - among Bengali language book shops and Timely Books, Seagull Books, Rupa & Co., Penguin India, Tata Mcgraw-Hill - among English language book shops.
Virtually all major European scientific publishers or corresponding franchisees set up shop, including Oxford University Press, Cambridge University Press, Kluwer and Springer Verlag.
The fair's diplomatic mission stalls display and sell books from their countries. The British Council, United States Information Service, and Alliance française typically host stalls. The European Union, Bangladesh and several Latin American embassies have hosted stalls in the recent years.
Most major news media in Calcutta have stalls, including The Statesman and The Telegraph.
Calcutta institutions, which have their own press or publishing house typically host stalls - including the Indian Museum, Asiatic Society, survey institutes like Zoological Survey of India, Botanical Survey of India, Geological Survey of India, and universities like University of Calcutta, Jadavpur University and Rabindra Bharati University.
Other notable annual stalls include:
The initial rule that only publishers, and not institutions which just sold or distributed books but did not publish any books, can participate in the fair has been waved in the 2000s. This rule often forced small distributors to bring out a token publication just to be able to participate in the fair.
In 2014, Wikipedia made its first appearance at the Kolkata Book fair, launching its campaign to enthuse people to become regular contributors to its site.
It booked a stall and lined up an awareness programme to sign up volunteers. Incidentally, Kolkata fares poorly when it comes to contributing to the world's biggest online encyclopedia. As of 2013, the city had only seven senior contributors and some volunteers. Wikipedia needs people from Kolkata to contribute voluntarily not only to the mother website but also to its Bengali language version of Wikipedia. The Book Fair authorities have already sealed the deal and are looking forward to this heavyweight participant.
Themes.
Starting from the 1990s, the book fair has been themed annually, typically on a country - on the lines of the "Guest of Honour" at the Frankfurt Book Fair. The theme country embassy is typically given a stall at the fairground centre, and many book shops theme their collections based on the fair theme. The temporary gates of the fair are designed according to the theme, on the basis of a design competition among Kolkata students.
Typically, the Chief Guest at the fair is from the themed country and have been such noted dignitaries as Günter Grass and Richard Dawkins.
Starting from 2005, one of the newest participating international pavilions is named the 'guest of honour', and is a kind of secondary theme of the fair. Australia was the guest of honour for 2007.
'Italy' was declared the theme for Kolkata Book Fair 2012, by Publishers and Booksellers Guild, Kolkata.
Events.
A number of events are held in conjunction with the book fair.
Propaganda.
The Kolkata Book Fair attracts a lot of people looking for free propaganda and idea promotion. The fair does have its share of fair and useful propaganda, and relief fund raisers, along the lines of the Frankfurt Book Fair protest movement against the official German spelling reforms.
Challenges, problems and solutions.
The biggest problem the book fair faces are the huge crowds which visit the fair - crowd and litter control are a major issue at the fair.
An associated problem is dust pollution, and resulting dust allergy and depreciation of exhibited books due to shopsoiling. The grass is usually trodden bare in the first few days, leaving the top soil dry and prone to erosion. Watering is typically used to control the problem, but it makes the grounds muddy.
Traffic and parking problems during fair days usually make the visit steeped in logistics. Most Kolkatans prefer to use public transport like the Kolkata Metro Railway and bus service, which have extended schedules during fair days.
A large fire in 1997 destroyed over one third of the fair, burnt over 100,000 books and caused the death of a visitor (Jiten Seal), who suffered a heart attack brought on by the ensuing stampede. Stricter fire laws, construction laws, and prohibition of open flames in the fair ground were instituted in the wake of the disaster, and insurance for stall holders was made compulsory. A massive downpour in 1998 also resulted in a lot of book damage, but the insurance laws made sure that stall owners did not suffer financial damage. The popularity of the fair has continued to grow despite these two setbacks. In both cases, the fair recovered and continued after a damage repair break.
Another problem due to the huge crowds is shoplifting. Typically, every stall has its own security - who control traffic flow into the stall. Such measures often lead to long and winding queues in front of the more popular stalls.
Inaugurations.
A renowned person inaugurates the Kolkata Book Fair each year.

</doc>
<doc id="2854246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854246" title="C More Entertainment">
C More Entertainment

C More Entertainment is a pay TV company, formerly operating under the banner CANAL+, that targets the Nordic Countries and with one separate channel in Sweden ("C More Film").
Originally named CANAL+, it was launched in 1997 by French Pay-TV operator CANAL+ on the Direct To Home platform Canal Digital, and subsequently on Cable Television. In 2003, two private equity firms, Baker Capital and Nordic Capital acquired 100% of CANAL+ Television from the international media conglomerate Vivendi Universal. At the same time Nordic CANAL+ was renamed C More Entertainment, they retained however the rights of using the name “CANAL+”. On February 9, 2005 SBS Broadcasting Group announced the acquisition of C More Entertainment. On June 16, 2008, Swedish TV4 Gruppen announced they had acquired C More Entertainment from German ProSiebenSat.1 Media for €320 million. In May 2010 Telenor bought 35% of the shares in C More Entertainment from TV4 Gruppen for SEK 787 million.
The main competitors of C More Entertainment in the Nordic countries are Viasat Film and Viasat Sport, both of which belong to Modern Times Group. Canal+ was renamed as C More in September 2012.
Business Model.
The Premium Pay-TV concept used by C More Entertainment is based on exclusive broadcasting rights on Sports, Movies and TV series.
Film and TV-Series Content Providers.
As of 2011, C More Entertainment has exclusive first-run deals for feature films and TV series with Fox Entertainment Group, DreamWorks, Home Box Office, MGM, Nonstop Entertainment, Paramount Pictures, Sandrew Metronome, StudioCanal, Svensk Filmindustri, Warner Bros. Pictures and Zentropa.
Programming.
C More Entertainment currently operates over 20 SDTV channels in the Nordic countries and eleven High-Definition, as of September 2012.
C More Entertainment has its origins in the Filmnet channel that started in 1985. In the early 1990s, Filmnet became two channels: "Filmnet Plus" and "Filmnet The Complete Movie Channel". They were later rebranded as "Filmnet 1" and "Filmnet 2".
Canal+ bought Filmnet in 1996 and the two channels were rebranded on September 1, 1997. Filmnet 1 became "Canal+" with localized versions for the different Nordic countries and Filmnet 2 became the pan-Nordic "Canal+ Gul/Canal+ Kulta" (engl. "Canal+ Yellow", following the colour naming pattern used by Canal+ in France and others countries).
A third channel "Canal+ Blå/Canal+ Sininen" (Blue) was started on September 3, 1999. Another channel, "Canal+ Zap" was launched on September 22, 2001, allowing cable and satellite viewers to choose an alternative match to watch during fixtures of the FA Premier League and NHL.
A major overhaul was done on May 1, 2004. The three colour-coded mixed channels were abandoned for four themed channels showing. The Canal+ line-up would then consist of the main "Canal+" channel, "Canal+ Film 1" and "Canal+ Film 2" showing new movies, the all-sports channel "Canal+ Sport" and "C More Film", a channel showing older films. C More Film was the first channel to use the C More brand, which ultimately replaced the Canal+ brand in September 2012.
The line-up was extended on September 1, 2005 when "Canal+ Film 3", "C More Film 2" and the first HD channel for the Nordic region, "C More HD", launched. "Canal+ Film 1" was renamed "Canal+ Film". "Canal+ Sport" was changed. Instead of being a pan-Nordic channel, country specific channels were launched. "Canal+", that previously was country-specific, became pan-Nordic. At the same time IPTV operators in association with satellite operator Canal Digital launched an interactive VOD service called "Canal+ Play", accessed straight from the customer's set-top box, letting the viewers watch any seasons from any show ever broadcast on Canal+ and any movie that is currently showing on the channels. On satellite it has since been merged to the Canal Digital Go service, covering every channel on the platform and also available without a box online (much like its British equivalent Sky Go).
On November 1, 2006 the Canal+ package was changed once again. The C More Film channels were removed and merged with Canal+ Film 2, the main Canal+ channel was removed and replaced by bonus channel "Canal+ Mix", showing films, series, documentaries and movies. They also introduced a new sports channel called "Canal+ Sport 2". Some channels' content was kept intact but the looks were rebranded: "Canal+ Film" became "Canal+ Film 1", "Canal+ Sport" became "Canal+ Sport 1" and "C More HD" became "Canal+ HD". Previously the customers had to subscribe to all the channels, but with the relaunch, the customers were for the first time allowed to subscribe only to the sports or movie channels. The "Canal+ Film" package consisted of Canal+ Film 1, 2 and 3 and "Canal+ Sport" consisted of Canal+ Sport 1 and 2. The full package was called "Canal+ Total" and contained Canal+ Mix and Canal+ HD as a bonus.
A second HD channel, "Canal+ Sport HD", launched in February 2007. The original HD channel was called "Canal+ Film HD" from that on. September 2007 saw the launch of a pay-per-view sports service called "C Sports" in Sweden, Denmark and Norway - it was never officially launched in Finland and/or available in Finnish but could also be used there. The service originally showed single matches from Canal+ channels on a PPV basis, but soon after launch customers could also subscribe to a season ticket, allowing them to view all matches from the chosen league during the season. In 2009 it also expanded to cover an archive of all shown matches and the ability to watch live streams of all Canal+ Sport channels. The service is still alive and kicking in all countries except for Finland, where the content of the service is now available through parent company MTV3's VOD service "Katsomo".
Yet another overhaul happened on November 1, 2007. The movie and series channels were all renamed and repositioned into different categories. "Canal+ Film 1" becomes "Canal+ First" which will premiere the films and "Canal+ Film 2" is replaced by "Canal+ Hits" which will broadcast older films. "Canal+ Film 3" and "Canal+ Mix" were renamed "Canal+ Action" and "Canal+ Drama" and were joined by "Canal+ Comedy" which broadcasts movies in different genres. "Canal+ Sport 1" and "2" kept their names, but were joined by "Canal+ Sport Extra" which time-shared with the pornographic channel "Canal 69".
In July 2009, C More Entertainment launched a brand new channel broadcasting sports and other programming for men. "Canal 9", is provided for free for Canal+ Sport and Canal+ Total customers on cable, satellite and IPTV and it shares many sports rights with Canal+ channels, along its independently purchased rights commissioned by TV4 Gruppen. The station was originally modelled on the Finnish MTV3 Max, launched in 2006 and broadcast by TV4 Group's sister company MTV Media. Later there have been discussions to rename MTV3 Max as "Canal 9 Suomi" In November 2011 Canal 9 also launched in Norway.
On October 1, 2009, Canal+ launched the SF-kanalen, a channel which broadcasts Swedish movies and mini series from the libraries of Svensk Filmindustri. After TV4's purchase of the company, Canal+ and Svensk Filmindustri became part of the same corporation. "SF-kanalen" replaced "Canal 69", which ceased operations the day before.
Canal+ is widely known for changing its channel packages from time to time and yet another change was made on April 1, 2010, when Canal+ Comedy was replaced by Canal+ Series. Its type is the same as Canal+ Hits, but it shows series from 8pm to midnight instead of movies, while from midnight to 8pm it shows various movies.
More changes happened on May 14, 2010, when Canal+ announced the launch of 3 new sports channels named "Canal+ Sport 3, "Canal+ Football" and "Canal+ Hockey", of which the first is only available in Norway. At the same time many new sports rights were announced. Later that year Canal+ announced it would launch a second Finnish-language sports channel in December, namely "Canal+ Aitio" (literally Canal+ Skybox) due to still retaining the rights to FA Premier League and UEFA Champions League unlike other countries. The new channel allowed broadcasting a second simultaneous match from the Premier League, for which they had to use FTA channels until the launch of Aitio. At the same time they also renamed the Finnish version of Canal+ Sport 1 as "Canal+ Urheilu". HD versions of the channels have since appeared on all platforms.
In June 1, 2011, Canal+ announced the launch of 2 new film and series channels named "Canal+ Family" and "Canal+ Emotion". "Canal+ Family" consists of family-oriented movies and CBeebies series. "Canal+ Emotion" replaced "Canal+ Drama".
In May 2012, C More Entertainment announced it would rebrand its whole output as C More. While most channels keep their old names (apart from replacing the Canal+ suffix with C More), some sports channels changed names - mainly Canal+ Sport 2 was changed to "C More Tennis", Canal+ Sport Extra into "C More Extreme" and Canal+ Extra channels were rebranded as "C More Live" channels. The only channels surviving the rebrand are Canal 9 channels of Denmark and Norway and the Danish Canal 8 Sport, which was launched in August 2012 as the successor of Canal+ Sport 1 Denmark. C More Entertainment also announced that they would add documentaries as a new type of programming to complement their film programming.
In October 2012 C More Entertainment launch an new online streaming service in Sweden called Filmnet to compeat with Netflex and HBO Nordic in the Nordic marked. It was in the beginning of 2013 also made available in Norway and Finland, in Denmark C More cooperate with YouSee on similar service called YouBio.
Television Channel Lineup.
"Movies and Entertainment Group"
"Sports Group"
"OnDemand Services"
See also.
List of programs broadcast by C More

</doc>
<doc id="2854265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854265" title="Zeebrugge Raid">
Zeebrugge Raid

The Zeebrugge Raid (23 April 1918), was an attempt by the Royal Navy to block the Belgian port of Bruges-Zeebrugge. The British intended to sink obsolete ships in the canal entrance, to prevent German vessels from leaving port. The port was used by the Imperial German Navy as a base for U-boats and light shipping, which were a threat to Allied shipping, especially in the English Channel. Several attempts to close the Flanders ports by bombardment failed and Operation Hush a plan to advance up the coast in 1917 proved abortive. As shipping losses by U-boats increased, finding a way to close the ports became urgent and a raid was considered. 
The first attempt on Zeebrugge was made on 2 April 1918 but cancelled at the last moment, after the wind direction changed and made it impossible to lay a smoke-screen. Another attempt was made on 23 April with a concurrent attack on Ostend. Two of three blockships were scuttled in the narrowest part of the Bruges Canal and one of two submarines rammed the viaduct, which linked the shore and the mole, to isolate the German garrison. The blockships were sunk in the wrong place and the canal was open after a few days, to submarines at high tide. British casualties were and German losses were the raid was publicised as a great British victory and many medals were awarded.
Background.
Strategic developments.
At the end of 1916 a combined operation against Borkum, Ostend and Zeebrugge had been considered by Admiral Lewis Bayly, Senior Officer on the Coast of Ireland. The plan was rejected due to the difficulty of supplying a landing force and the vulnerability of such a force to a land counter-attack; subsequent proposals were rejected for the same reasons. A bombardment of the Zeebrugge lock-gates under cover of a smoke-screen, was studied by Vice Admiral Sir Reginald Bacon, Commander of the Dover Patrol and the Admiralty in late 1915 but was also rejected as the risks were considered excessive. In 1916 Commodore Reginald Tyrwhitt proposed an attack to block Zeebrugge which was rejected and led him to propose a more ambitious operation to capture the mole and the town, as a prelude to advancing on Antwerp. Bacon was asked to give his opinion and rejected the plan, as did the Admiralty.
Admiral Roger Keyes was appointed Director of the Plans Division at the Admiralty in October 1917 and on 3 December submitted another plan for the blocking of Zeebrugge and Ostend, using old cruisers in a night attack in the period from Bacon also proposed an operation on 18 December, which combined Tyrwhitt's landing on the mole with a blocking operation. A monitor, "Sir John Moore" was to land on the mole, the monitor "General Craufurd" was to bombard the lock gates and fortifications from short range and blockships were to enter the harbour in the confusion. The raid was proposed in 1917 by Admiral Sir John Jellicoe but was not authorised until Vice-Admiral Sir Roger Keyes adapted Bacon's plan for a blocking operation, which would make it difficult for German ships and submarines to leave the port. The raid was approved in January 1918 and crews were obtained from the Grand Fleet "to perform a hazardous service".
Tactical developments.
The possibility of a landing on the Belgian coast was not abandoned, despite the number of rejected plans and early in 1917 Bacon assisted in the planning of Operation Hush, to land three brigades of infantry around Middelkirke, behind the northern extremity of the Western Front. The operation was dependent on the advance of the British armies in the Third Battle of Ypres and would have no influence on events at Zeebrugge and Ostend. If landings at the ports were achieved the forces involved would be doomed unless they were relieved by the advance of the armies in Flanders. Bacon devised a plan to destroy the lock gates at Zeebrugge by bombardment with 15-inch guns in the monitors "Erebus", "Terror" and "Marshal Soult". The bombardment would have to be undertaken at long range, because of the danger of return fire from the battery at Knocke and meant aiming at a target at a range of , using directions from an artillery-observation aircraft. Bacon calculated that would be necessary and take at least If the attempt began with surprise and the bombardment ships were obscured by a smoke-screen the German guns at Knocke might not have time to commence return fire accurately before the bombardment ended. Bacon thought that the destruction of the lock gates was worth the sacrifice of a monitor but that risking all three for no result was impossible to avoid.
The plan needed a combination of wind, tide and weather which occurred rarely; to obtain surprise the monitors would need to be in position before dawn, mist and low cloud would make artillery observation from an aircraft impossible and the wind would have to be blowing from a narrow range of bearings or the smoke-screen would be carried over the ships and expose them to view from the shore. Such conditions were unlikely to recur for several days and so a second bombardment on the following day would be most unlikely. The bombardment force sailed for Zeebrugge three times, when changes in the weather forced a return to England but on 11 May Bacon ordered another attempt the next day. A buoy was laid to the north-west of the mole as a guide and a second buoy was placed in the position selected for the bombardment. A bearing was taken from the buoy to the base of the mole at Zeebrugge by a ship sailing from the buoy to the mole despite a mist which reduced visibility to a mile and meant that the ship would advance dangerously close to German shore batteries. The ship returned to the buoy by with the bearing and distance. The bombardment ships had taken position, the motor launches had formed a line, ready to generate the smoke-screen and the escorts formed a square round the monitors. Five destroyers zigzagged around the fleet as a screen against U-boats, the minesweepers began operating around the monitors and the covering force cruised in the distance ready to intercept a German destroyer sortie.
Bombardment of Zeebrugge, 12 May 1917.
The bombardment opened late because of the need to tow "Marshal Soult", which slowed the fleet and haze off the harbour. Two Royal Naval Air Service artillery observation aircraft from Dunkirk, which had taken off at had to wait from over Zeebrugge for almost two hours. The aircraft were met by seven Sopwith Pups from 4 Squadron, which patrolled the coast from and six Sopwith Triplanes of 10 Squadron flew over the fleet. One of the artillery-observation aircraft had engine-trouble and force-landed in the Netherlands and the other began to run short of petrol. Firing from the monitors commenced just after and at first fell short, many of the shells failing to explode, which left the aircraft unable to signal the fall of shot. The bombardment became very accurate soon after and "Marshal Soult" hit the target with its twelfth shell and "Erebus" with its twenty-sixth. "Terror" was most hampered by the loss of one of the aircraft and dud shells; only forty-five of the fired were reported and the aircraft had to return because of low fuel at leaving the last half-hour of the bombardment reliant on estimated corrections. Two relieving aircraft had also had engine trouble and failed to arrive.
In the first hour of the bombardment, the German response was limited to anti-aircraft fire and attempts to jam the wireless of the artillery-observation aircraft. When the Pups from 4 Squadron arrived, twice the number of German Albatros fighters engaged them and some of the aircraft from over the fleet, which joined in the dogfight. The British claimed five German aircraft shot down and the fleet was enabled to complete the bombardment and later, a third patrol shot down a German seaplane into Ostend harbour and lost one fighter. At the ships weighed anchor just as the "Kaiser Wilhelm" battery opened fire. Two seaplanes which attempted to approach the fleet were driven off by fighter seaplanes, which escorted the fleet home. Bacon returned with the impression that the bombardment had succeeded but aerial photographs taken the following week, revealed that about fifteen shells had landed within a few yards of the lock gates on the western side and on the eastern side four shells had come as close. The basin north of the locks had been hit and some damage caused to the docks but Zeebrugge remained open to German destroyers and U-boats. It was concluded that had the monitors been ready to fire as soon as the observer in the artillery-observation aircraft signalled or if the shoot had been reported throughout, the lock gates would have been hit and Bacon prepared to bombard Ostend harbour.
Bombardment of Ostend, 5 June 1917.
Attempts to bombard Ostend on 26 and 27 May were abandoned because of poor weather but on 4 June the bombardment ships sailed for the Ratel Bank off Ostend; the bombardment force was smaller and the covering force larger, since surprise was less likely. The Harwich Force provided a covering force of four light cruisers, a flotilla leader and eight destroyers off the Thornton Bank and a second wave of four light cruisers and eight destroyers to guard against an attack from the Schouwen Bank. The firing buoy and its bearing and range from the target were established using the same method as at Zeebrugge and the escorting ships formed a square round the bombardment ships. German destroyers were sighted east of the Ratel Bank at by "Lance" and "Lochinvar", which were steering towards Ostend to establish the range and bearing of the target from the sighting buoy. The German destroyers frustrated two attempts to enter the harbour, which left the fleet without sighting data and reliant on dead reckoning. At about gunfire was heard from the direction of Tyrwhitt's covering force to the north and at about the bombardment force motor launches began the smoke-screen. At dawn the coast was visible, Bacon corrected the position by a bearing on Ostend Cathedral and the bombardment commenced at German coastal guns replied within minutes of the bombardment from the monitors and fired accurately at "Erebus" and "Terror" but with no effect.
The bombardment ceased at and the fleet weighed anchor at and withdrew northwards. Tyrwhitt's covering force guarded the ships from a point distant, having engaged two German destroyers they tried to reach Zeebrugge and sunk Ostend was a larger target than that at Zeebrugge and could be seen from the sea, which made accurate shooting easier. The dockyard was hit by twenty out of and intelligence reports noted the sinking of a lighter, a UC-boat and damage to three destroyers. The reports also noted that the attack had caused anxiety to the German command. Had Bacon been able to repeat the bombardments at short intervals, the damage would have soon severely hampered German naval operations from the Flanders coast. Bacon planned more bombardments but these were all postponed because of essential conditions like adequate weather for the bombardments not being met and after several months the bombardments resumed after the Germans had been able to repair the damage caused by the bombardments. As prolonged methodical bombardments of Ostend and Zeebrugge had proved impractical, Bacon attached a large monitor to the forces which patrolled coastal barrages, to exploit opportunities of favourable wind and weather to bombard Zeebrugge and Ostend. Several bombardments were achieved but had no effect on the working of the ports.
Prelude.
German defensive preparations.
By 1917 the German defences on the Flanders coast included a heavy artillery battery at Knocke, east of the Bruges canal of four guns, with a range of and the battery of four guns, with a range of , west of Ostend. Two more batteries were being built in early 1917 and between the main defences were many mobile guns, entrenchments and machine-gun nests. The only vulnerable part of the German defensive system was the lock gates at Zeebrugge, which if destroyed would make the canal to Bruges tidal and drastically reduce the number of ships and submarines which could pass along it.
British offensive preparations.
The cruisers involved in the blockade, including were equipped in Chatham, by over for the special fitting out and stripping out (in the case of the ships to be sunk) of unnecessary equipment, including their masts. "Iris", "Daffodil" and the submarines were fitted out in Portsmouth. The fleet made its rendezvous at Swin Deep, about south of Clacton. Almost none of the participants were aware of their target.
The first opportunity for the raid was early April 1918 and on 2 April the fleet sailed and Zeebrugge was bombed by 65 Squadron from Dunkirk. The success of the raid depended upon smoke screens, to protect the British ships from the fire of German coastal artillery but the wind direction was unfavourable and the attack was called off. Zeebrugge was visible to the fleet and the fleet to the Germans in Zeebrugge. Seventy-seven ships of all sizes, some with their lights already switched off, had to make a sharp turn to the west to return to their bases.
Zeebrugge raid.
On 23 April a second attempt was made, in conjunction with a raid on the neighbouring harbour of Ostend. The raid began with a diversion against the mile-long Zeebrugge mole. The attack was led by an old cruiser, "Vindictive", with two Mersey ferries, "Daffodil" and "Iris II". The three ships were accompanied by two old submarines, which were filled with explosives to blow up the viaduct connecting the mole to the shore. "Vindictive" was to land a force of at the entrance to the Bruges Canal to destroy German gun positions. At the time of the landing the wind changed and the smoke-screen to cover the ship was blown offshore. The marines immediately came under heavy fire and suffered many casualties. "Vindictive" was spotted by German gun positions and forced to land in the wrong location, resulting in the loss of the marines' heavy gun support. Eventually the submarine commanded by Lt. R. D. Sandford, destroyed the viaduct with an explosion. Sandford was awarded the Victoria Cross for this action.
The attempt to sink three old cruisers, to block the flow of traffic in and out of the Port of Bruges-Zeebrugge failed. The failure of the attack on the Zeebrugge mole resulted in heavy German fire on the three blocking ships, , and , which were filled with concrete. "Thetis" did not make it to the canal entrance, after it hit an obstruction and was scuttled prematurely. The two other ships were sunk at the narrowest point of the canal. The submarines "C1" under Lieut. A.C Newbold and "C3" under Lieut. R.D. Sandford were old, each with a volunteer crew of one other officer and four ratings. They had five tons of amatol packed into their fore-ends and were to be driven into the viaduct and then blown up, to prevent reinforcement of the German garrison on the mole. The crews were to abandon their submarines shortly before the collision with the viaduct, leaving the submarines to steer themselves automatically but during the passage from Dover, "C1" parted with her tow and arrived too late to take part in the operation.
Aftermath.
Analysis.
Henry Newbolt the Official Historian, wrote in 1931 that before the raid two submarines entered or left the Flanders bases each day and continued at that rate during the week after the raid. The block ships were not in the correct position when sunk and only managed to block the canal for a few days. The Germans removed two piers in the western bank of the canal near the block ships and dredged a channel through the silt near the sterns of the block ships. The Germans were then able to move submarines along the channel past the block ships at high tide. The average was maintained until June, when the rate fell to about one submarine per day, to an extent due to a bombardment of Zeebrugge on 9 June. After the damage was repaired, the rate of U-boat traffic did not return to the pre-raid level. Newbolt considered that this was caused by the recall of some U-boats to Germany in June, after reports that operations in the Dover Straits had become too dangerous. The usual remedy of increased destroyer raids was not possible, because of the difficulty in using Zeebrugge as a harbour. 
Newbolt also wrote that the raid on Zeebrugge was part of an anti-submarine campaign which had lasted for five months, using patrols and minefields to close the Straits and which continued despite the most destructive sortie achieved by the Germans during the war. The campaign inflicted a steady attrition of the Flanders U-boats and the attack on Zeebrugge came when the German blockade of Britain was supposed to have reduced drastically the resources and endurance of the British empire. News of the raid was skllfully exploited to raise Allied morale and to foreshadow victory ("They can because they think they can"). Bacon wrote in 1931 that the operational failures were due in part to the recently appointed Keyes (an Admiralty man) changing the plans made by Bacon, a seagoing commander with intimate knowledge of the tidal and navigational conditions in the Ostend and Zeebrugge areas.
Casualties.
The Zeebrugge Raid was promoted by Allied propaganda as a British victory and resulted in the awarding of eight Victoria Crosses. Of the involved in the operation, Wise recorded wounded and more than Kendall gave figures of and One destroyer was sunk. Among the dead was Wing Commander Frank Arthur Brock, the man who devised and commanded the operation of the smoke screen. Some of the casualties were buried in England, either because they died of their wounds "en route" or because their comrades had recovered their bodies with the intention of repatriating their remains. Two men were buried in the Hamilton Road Cemetery, Deal, Kent. At least nine men were buried in the St. James's Cemetery, Dover. German casualties were eight dead and sixteen wounded.
Commemoration.
On 23 April 1964, some of the of the raid, families, the mayor of Deal and a large Royal Marines Honour Guard held a service of commemoration for their fallen comrades at the Royal Marines Barracks in Deal; a tree was planted near the officers' quarters in remembrance. A message from Winston Churchill to the ex-servicemen was read to those assembled and the event was reported in The Deal, Walmer and Sandwich Mercury newspaper on 23 and 30 April 1964. In Dover there are two memorials, the Zeebrugge Bell with memorial plaque in the Town Hall, given to Dover by the King of the Belgians in 1918 and the Zeebrugge Memorial in St James's Cemetery, where a regular memorial service is held.
Gallery

</doc>
<doc id="2854269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854269" title="Clyde railway station">
Clyde railway station

Clyde railway station is a station on the Sydney Trains network. Its main reason for existence is as a junction for the Carlingford line. The station is very close to Granville station, which has a more frequent train service. Clyde Station has an almost identical design to Granville station.
Clyde is the 155th most patronised railway station in Sydney (out of a total of 176 stations), with an average of 770 passengers boarding per day.
History.
"Rosehill Junction" station opened in 1882, was renamed "Clyde" in 1883, "Clyde Junction" in 1901, and "Clyde" in 1904.
Platforms and services.
Trains on the North Shore, Northern & Western Line, Airport, Inner West & South Line and Carlingford Line pass through the station, but South line don't regularly stop as of 2005, even though there are platforms allocated to them.
The station is served by three trains per hour each way, with additional trains during weekday peak hours.
Transport connections.
Transdev NSW runs one route via Clyde railway station:
NightRide runs the following routes via Clyde railway station: 

</doc>
<doc id="2854274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854274" title="Access All Areas (The Stranglers album)">
Access All Areas (The Stranglers album)

Access All Areas is a compilation of live tracks recorded by The Stranglers during their 1995 UK tour. It is also the name of a hacking community that met in London UK on an annual basis.
Originally commissioned by SIS UK (the Stranglers Information Service) and released in 1996, this album has since been re-released (in 1998) on the VoicePrint label.

</doc>
<doc id="2854276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854276" title="Martin Furnival Jones">
Martin Furnival Jones

Sir Martin Furnival Jones, KCB (7 May 1912 – 1 March 1997) was Director General of MI5, the United Kingdom's internal security service, from 1965 until 1972.
Career.
Born in High Barnet and educated at Highgate School, Furnival Jones was a Cambridge graduate with a law degree. He was Director-General of MI5 from 1965 to 1972.
Personal life.
A well-liked member of the community in the Hampstead Garden Suburb where he lived, he was a tennis player, bird watcher and loved to perform in amateur theatre in both the local groups; the Play and Pageant Union and Speedwell Players. It was during a production of I Remember Mama that he first met his wife, Margaret.

</doc>
<doc id="2854287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854287" title="Nathaniel S. Berry">
Nathaniel S. Berry

Nathaniel Springer Berry (September 1, 1796 – April 27, 1894) was a two-term governor of New Hampshire, served in both houses of the state legislature. 
Biography.
He was born on September 1, 1796 in Bath, Maine. During the American Civil War. He moved to Hebron, New Hampshire. Berry played a vital role in state recruitment levels. In 1862, Berry attended the Loyal War Governors' Conference in Altoona, Pennsylvania, which ultimately backed Abraham Lincoln's Emancipation Proclamation and the Union war effort and freed the blacks.
Berry died on April 27, 1894 at the age of 97 years in Bristol, New Hampshire.

</doc>
<doc id="2854291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854291" title="FARICE-1">
FARICE-1

FARICE-1 is a submarine communications cable connecting Iceland, the Faroe Islands and Scotland. The cable has been in use since January 2004 without a fault and is 100% owned by Icelandic shareholders. The cable had an initial design capacity of 720 Gbit/s and is a two fibre pair design. The cable structure and repeaters were made by Pirelli and the terminal equipment was supplied by TYCO. In the year 2013 the terminal equipment was upgraded by Ciena (100Gbit/s technology) bringing the total capacity of the submarine cable to 8 Tbit/s. The cable has service access points in Reykjavik and Keflavik Airport as well as in London Telehouse East.
The landing points are:

</doc>
<doc id="2854324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854324" title="Michael Hanley">
Michael Hanley

Sir Michael Bowen Hanley KCB (24 February 1918 - 1 January 2001) was director general (DG) of MI5, the United Kingdom's internal security service, from 1972 to 1978.
Career.
Educated at Sedbergh School and Queen's College, Oxford where he read History, Hanley served in the Royal Artillery during World War II and was subsequently posted to the Joint Allied Intelligence Centre in Budapest. He rose through the grades to be Deputy Director-General of MI5. He was Director-General of MI5 from 1972 to 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="2854326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854326" title="Vickers Windsor">
Vickers Windsor

The Vickers Windsor was a Second World War British four-engine heavy bomber, designed by Barnes Wallis and Rex Pierson at the Vickers-Armstrongs factory at Brooklands in World War II.
Design and development.
The Windsor was designed to Air Ministry Specification B.5/41 (later modified to Spec. B.3/42) for a high-altitude heavy bomber with a pressurised crew compartment, and an ability to fly at at . Notable features of the Windsor included its pressurised crew compartment, four mainwheel struts (each extending from one of the engine nacelles and carrying a single balloon-tyred wheel), elliptical planform high aspect ratio wings, and guns mounted in barbettes at the rear of each (outboard) nacelle, which were to be remotely operated by a gunner in a pressurised compartment in the extreme tail. 
The Windsor used Wallis's geodetic body and wing structure that Vickers had previously used in the Wellesley, Wellington and Warwick bombers. Instead of doped Irish linen however, a stiff and light skin was used on the Windsor, made with woven steel wires and very thin (1/1000 inch thickness) stainless steel ribbons, doped with PVC or other plastic, specially designed to avoid ballooning. To properly fit the skin to the frame, a tuning fork had to be used.
The wings' structure had no spars. Instead, it was a single hollow geodetic tube from tip to tip, passing through the fuselage truss. To better resist the compression and tension efforts, the elements were assembled at 16 degrees next to the root, reverting to the more conventional ninety degrees on the tips, longitudinal elements locking everything in place. The elements' thickness was also reduced towards the tips. No two joints had the same angle on the wing, an authentic production engineer's nightmare. 
The wing was designed so that the tips had a noticeable droop on the ground, but was straight in flight, so the skin had to be fitted tighter on top than on the bottom to be evenly tight in flight.
Operational history.
Only three examples (the original plus successive prototypes Type 457 and Type 461) were built in total. This was due to refinements in the existing Lancaster bomber, rendering it suitable for the role for which the Windsor had been designed. The first prototype flew in 23 October 1943, second on 15 February 1944, third on 11 July 1944 and all three were built at Vickers secret dispersed Foxwarren Experimental Department between Brooklands and nearby Cobham. The two latter prototypes were tested till the end of the Second World War, when further development and production were cancelled.

</doc>
<doc id="2854328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854328" title="David Graham (footballer born 1978)">
David Graham (footballer born 1978)

David Baillie Graham (born 6 October 1978) is a Scottish footballer who plays for Sheffield. His favoured position is as a forward, although he can also play in midfield. He has been capped at Under-21 level by his country.
Playing career.
Born in Edinburgh, Scotland, Graham began his career with Rangers, making his debut in the 5–3 away win against Shelbourne in the UEFA Cup first qualifying round first leg. He made four further appearances, all as a substitute before moving to Dunfermline Athletic in November 1998. He joined Inverness Caledonian Thistle on loan in January 2001, before moving to Torquay United on loan in March that year. He settled in well at Torquay United, helping the Devon side retain their league status on the final day of the season in the crucial game at Barnet. In July that year he signed permanently for Torquay and played a major role in turning the club's fortunes around, culminating in automatic promotion at the end of the 2003–04 season.
Wigan Athletic.
Not surprisingly his form had been noticed by larger clubs than Torquay United and he moved to Wigan Athletic in June 2004 for a fee of £215,000. Despite helping Wigan to the Premier League, scoring once against Coventry City in the process, he moved to Sheffield Wednesday in August 2005 for a fee of £250,000.
Sheffield Wednesday.
A slow start to his career at Hillsborough led him to sign on loan at Huddersfield Town on 23 January 2006, until the end of the season. He scored nine goals in seventeen appearances for Huddersfield Town, helping them to ensure a play-off place in League One, if not quite automatic promotion.
Graham was blocked from Wednesday's 2006 tour of the United States, visa restrictions due to a minor police offence nine years previously preventing his entry to the country. Wednesday accepted an undisclosed bid for Graham from Blackpool on 27 July 2006, but he turned down the move, instead joining Bradford City on a five-month loan deal.
After returning from his unsuccessful spell at Bradford, Graham again found it hard to break into Wednesday's first team under Brian Laws not making a single starting appearance for the first team. Although he impressed, scoring freely in the reserves. On 21 March it was announced that Graham would be returning to the team bottom of the football league where he first made a name for himself, on a loan until the end of the season, at Torquay United. In a bid to preserve their Football League status and hopefully impress Brian Laws enough to warrant a place on the team sheet. It later became clear that Graham had been transfer listed, fined two weeks wages and sent to Torquay due to a 'serious breach of club discipline'. Graham was unable to prevent Torquay's relegation from the Football League.
He finished his Wednesday career with three goals in 26 appearances.
Gillingham.
At the end of the 2006–07 season Graham was told he had no future at the club and made available for transfer. He joined Gillingham on trial in July 2007. He was released by Sheffield Wednesday on 6 August 2007 and signed for Gillingham on a one year contract the following day. He made his debut for Gillingham on 11 August 2007 against Cheltenham Town, as his side went down 1–0. He scored his first goals for the club on 2 October when he scored two in a 3–1 defeat of Leyton Orient. On 31 January, it was announced that he had been released from his contract.
Lincoln City.
On 27 June 2008, Graham agreed to join former manager Peter Jackson at Lincoln City on a six-month deal. He made his debut against Rotherham United in a 1–0 defeat, and played ten games, eight as substitute, but failed to score during his six months. 
Non-League.
In March 2009 he signed for Sheffield of the Northern Premier League and then moved on to Conference North outfit Ilkeston Town. Following the winding-up of Ilkeston Town, Graham rejoined Sheffield F.C. debuting in the 2–0 Northern Premier League Division One South away defeat to Carlton Town on 18 September 2010.
In late October 2010 he moved to Worksop Town. At the start of the 2011/12 season, Graham signed for a third spell at Sheffield F.C.

</doc>
<doc id="2854329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854329" title="Oxymetholone">
Oxymetholone

Oxymetholone, marketed as Anadrol and Anapolon, is a synthetic anabolic steroid developed in 1960 by Zoltan 'Anadrol Z' F. Its primary clinical applications include treatment of osteoporosis and anaemia, as well as stimulating muscle growth in malnourished or underdeveloped patients. The drug was approved for human use by the FDA. Later, non-steroidal drugs such as epoetin alfa were developed and proven to be more effective as a treatment for anaemia and osteoporosis without the side effects of oxymetholone. The drug remained available despite this and eventually found a new use in treating HIV wasting syndrome. 
Presented most commonly as a 50 mg tablet, oxymetholone is one of the strongest androgenic steroids available. Similarly, there is a risk of side effects. Despite very low binding affinity with the androgen receptor, oxymetholone is highly effective in promoting extensive gains in body mass, mostly by greatly improving protein synthesis. For this reason, it is often used by bodybuilders and athletes.
Side effects.
The side-effects of oxymetholone include swelling, rapid weight gain, priapism, changes in skin color, urination problems, nausea, vomiting, stomach pain, loss of appetite, jaundice, breast swelling in men, feeling restless or excited, insomnia, and diarrhea. In women, side effects also include acne, changes in menstrual periods, deepened voice, hair growth on the chin or chest, male pattern baldness, enlarged clitoris, and changes in sex drive. In addition, unless selective estrogen receptor modulators such as tamoxifen or arimidex or clomifene are taken in conjunction with the drug, there is a significant risk of the appearance of estrogenic effects such as gynecomastia over time. Because of its 17α-alkylated structure, oxymetholone is highly hepatotoxic. Long term use of the drug can cause a variety of serious ailments, including hepatitis, liver cancer, and cirrhosis; therefore periodic liver function tests are recommended for those taking oxymetholone. It is dangerous to take oxymetholone in high dosages for periods of time exceeding four weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="2854332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854332" title="Howard Smith (diplomat)">
Howard Smith (diplomat)

Sir Howard Frank Trayton Smith, KCMG (15 October 1919 – 7 May 1996) was a British diplomat.
Career.
Educated at Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge, Smith worked at Bletchley Park during World War II and later became the British ambassador to Moscow. In 1979 he was unexpectedly appointed Director General (DG) of MI5, the United Kingdom's internal security service, by James Callaghan, serving until 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="2854333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854333" title="European Parliament constituency">
European Parliament constituency

Members of the European Parliament (MEPs) are elected by the population of the member states of the European Union (EU), divided into constituencies.
Belgium, France, Ireland, Italy, Poland and the United Kingdom are divided into constituencies, while the other member states have a single national constituency. In Germany, political parties are entitled to present lists of candidates either at Länder or national level.
Currently, all member states hold elections to the European Parliament (EP) using various forms of proportional representation.
The number of representatives per head of population varies widely across constituencies. For example, 77,000 German speaking Belgians have one representative, while Greater London have one seat for every 980,000 people.
Data are for the 2014–2019 legislature.

</doc>
<doc id="2854339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854339" title="Morinda Bioactives">
Morinda Bioactives

Morinda, formerly known as Tahitian Noni International (TNI), a subsidiary of Morinda Holdings, Inc., is a multi-level marketing company that markets products made from the noni plant. Founded in 1996 and based in Provo, Utah, Morinda employs approximately 1,500 employees worldwide. They claim total yearly sales in the range of $500 million yet do not publish any of the earnings publicly. Morinda has manufacturing factories in Tahiti, Japan, China, Germany, and the United States (American Fork, Utah).
Founders.
Kerry Asay (CEO)
John Wadsworth (President)
Kelly Olsen (Chief Marketing Officer) 
Kim Asay (Vice President) 
Stephen Story (Vice President) 
Products.
Morinda's main products are TrūAge Max and Tahitian Noni Juice (also known as Noni Juice), which retails for $55.00 U.S. per 750-mL glass bottle. The company also markets the FIT Body Composition System, as well as various beauty and personal care products, and dietary supplements.
In February 2010, Tahitian Noni International launched a new product line called Tahitian Noni Bioactives and also renamed its flagship product. Other products released at that time include flavored noni beverages diluted with juices from other fruits. While still offering product in a one-liter glass bottle, the company now sells beverage products in 750-ml aluminum bottles and a 4-liter bag-in-a-box called a "Quad."
In 2011 the company name changed to "Morinda Bioactives".
In November 2012, the decision was made to drop "Bioactives" from the company name, leaving the official name for the company as "Morinda." 
In early 2013, Morinda introduced the TrūAge Scanner. The TrūAge Scanner is a device purporting to measure AGE (Advanced Glycation End-products) levels in both the skin and blood.
At the North American Business Summit in Orlando, Florida, on January 25, 2014, Morinda launched two new product lines, TrūAge Body and TrūAge Performance. 
Controversy.
Attorneys General (AZ, CA, NJ, TX) vs. Morinda Holdings, Inc..
On August 26, 1998, the Attorneys General of Arizona, California, New Jersey, and Texas announced a multi-state settlement with Morinda, Inc., the charges stating that Morinda had made "unsubstantiated claims in consumer testimonials and other promotional material that its Tahitian Noni juice could treat, cure or prevent numerous diseases, including diabetes, clinical depression, hemorrhoids and arthritis." Such claims rendered the beverage an unapproved new drug under state and federal food and drug laws and should not have been sold until it received approval. Under the terms of the agreement, Morinda agreed to: 
In addition, Morinda agreed to refund to any consumer who requests a refund in writing, the full purchase price paid for the product. The agreement also called for Morinda to pay $100,000 for investigative costs.
Tahitian Noni & XanGo settlement.
Tahitian Noni sued XanGo and several of its top executives in February 2003 in 4th District Court in Provo, Utah, alleging that executives stole Tahitian Noni's concept for a mangosteen-based supplement while they were employed by TNI's parent-company, to which XanGo counter-sued. In a joint statement, Tahitian Noni and XanGo did not disclose particulars regarding the settlement, only stating that they have "agreed to resolve their disputes and the litigation between them and their founders."
Possible contamination in Spain.
Residents of Spain were alerted in February 2007 to avoid consuming certain improperly labeled bottles of Tahitian Noni Juice while the health department there awaited toxicology reports for a man who died after drinking the juice. According to reports in Spain, a 40-year-old man from Ogijares drank some noni juice for breakfast and began to experience strange sensations in his mouth and blurred vision. He died shortly thereafter, and another family member, who also drank some juice, reported similar symptoms. Reports stated that there were large amounts of cocaine found in the bottles and the body of the deceased man.
The bottles recovered from the deceased man's home were submitted to the Spanish Institute of Toxicology, where it was confirmed the bottles were contaminated with cocaine. The bottles in question bore labels from Mexico, and the lot number and expiration dates were illegible. Spanish authorities urged consumers to check the labels on their bottles of juice and report any irregularities. Consumers were also asked not to purchase bottles of juice outside the company’s normal distribution channels.

</doc>
<doc id="2854345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854345" title="Canadia">
Canadia

Canadia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2854349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854349" title="Svyatoslav Piskun">
Svyatoslav Piskun

Svyatoslav Mykhaylovych Piskun (, born March 8, 1959) was the 3 times Prosecutor General of Ukraine in 2002-2003, 2005 and 2007 till President Viktor Yushchenko's dismissed Piskun on May 24, 2007. He is an important participant of several scandals, including the cases of Georgiy R. Gongadze murder and United Energy Systems of Ukraine of Yulia Tymoshenko.
Career.
On March, 2006 he was elected as a people's deputy of the Verkhovna Rada from Party of Regions list as №96 - but he was not aparty member. Piskun was elected in parliament for Party of Regions again in 2007. He became a full member of Party of Regions in October 2008. Piskun did not return to parliament after the 2012 Ukrainian parliamentary election after losing in single-member districts number 63 (first-past-the-post wins a parliament seat) located in Zhytomyr Oblast.
Scandals and dismissals.
Piskun is the only statesman in Ukraine whose sacking by two different Presidents has been subsequently dismissed each time by the courts. The latest being an April 24, 2009 Kyiv Court of Appeals passing of a ruling saying President Yushchenko's decree dated May 24, 2007, dismissing Sviatoslav Piskun from the post of the prosecutor general was unlawful, but Piskun did not submit any application for his reinstating on the post of Prosecutor General.
After his sacking by President Yushchenko in October 2005 Piskun claimed his dismissal came because he refused to institute criminal proceedings against Tymoshenko, and refused to drop proceedings against Petro Poroshenko.
On 31 May 2012, Piskun was accused of closing criminal case which was related to the United Energy Systems of Ukraine company, which he was told to close while serving under Viktor Yushchenko's government in 2005. During the same year he also was accused by Viktor Pshonka of closing all criminal cases regarding back-then Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko.
In March 2013, after not showing up in public for almost half a year, he sold his 1,2 million dollar house in Bukovel and as of summer of 2012 have sold another one in Irpin. 
While being in Crimea in 2013 he spoke to Express on the phone about his emigration, and was quoted saying:
To be honest, I do not like what is happening with the laws and justice in Ukraine... but I can not emigrate, I have nowhere to go.
Crimean crisis.
On 30 March 2014 during the interview with Inter channel he said that he believes that the former officials, who are being wanted in Ukraine, are living in Russia.
During the Crimean crisis he said to the UNIAN:
Therefore, it is necessary to initiate criminal cases and bring them to the charge, perhaps even in absentia. In addition, you must declare the officers and sailors of BSF into international wanted list through Interpol as people who have been charged with criminal offenses committed on the territory of Ukraine. Prosecutors must inform people that the law will apply to all those who surrender weapons, before March 15. Those who after this date will still have weapons will be held criminally liable.
He also said that he believes that the situation in Crimea should be controlled only by the Crimean attorney generals and was quoted saying next:
How can there be a holiday or a beach vacation when the situation in Crimea on the brink of armed conflict? I would suggest acting General Prosecutor of Ukraine Oleh Makhnitskyi to appoint his first deputy as the Acting Attorney of Crimea. And it can be done without regard to the Verkhovna Rada of Crimea, the Crimean parliament requires only to be candidate for the position of Prosecutor of the Republic, but acting is not required. It is legitimate and legal framework. However, it must be deployed with illegitimate authorities of the Crimea or in the next office or on the district prosecutor's office in Simferopol, or in any other place... But the prosecutor's office official autonomy required to be and not to be present in Kiev, and directly in Crimea.

</doc>
<doc id="2854352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854352" title="Irish Workers' Party">
Irish Workers' Party

Irish Workers' Party was the name used by the communist party in the Republic of Ireland from 1948 until 1962. The Southern section of the party had suspended its activities from 1941 onwards because of police interference in its activities and the difficulties imposed by the emigration of many members to find work in England. Members were encouraged instead to join the Labour Party (though they were subsequently expelled). After the Second World War the party was re-established in the South in 1948 under the name Irish Workers' League. In 1962 the name was changed to Irish Workers’ Party, and in 1970 it merged with the Communist Party of Northern Ireland to reconstitute the all-Ireland Communist Party of Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="2854356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854356" title="Joseph Leeson, 1st Earl of Milltown">
Joseph Leeson, 1st Earl of Milltown

Joseph Leeson, 1st Earl of Milltown (11 March 1701 – 2 October 1783) was an Irish peer and politician.
Background.
He was the son of Joseph Leeson, a brewer in Dublin, and Mary Brice, daughter of Alderman Andrew Brice, Sheriff of Dublin. His grandfather Hugh Leeson of Culworth in Northamptonshire came to Ireland about 1680, as an officer in military service, and made a fortune as a brewer, acquiring much property in the area around what is now Dawson Street. The name Leeson is found in Ireland before 1680; four Leesons occurred in the lists of army personnel in the Ormond Manuscripts, the earliest in 1644. The Earl had one known sibling — his sister, Joyce Leeson, who married Sir Robert Blackwood, 1st Baronet, the ancestor of the Barons Dufferin and Claneboye).
Political career.
Between 1743 and 1756, Leeson sat in the Irish House of Commons for Rathcormack. He was created Baron Russborough, in the County of Wicklow, on 5 May 1756, Viscount Russborough, of Russellstown in the County of Wicklow, on 8 September 1760, and Earl of Milltown, in the County of Dublin, on 10 May 1763.
Family and legacy.
On 20 January 1729 he married Cecilia Leigh, daughter of Francis Leigh. They had three children:
Cecilia had died by 1738, when Leeson married Anne Preston, daughter of Nathaniel Preston, on 20 October 1738. They had one daughter:
Anne died on 17 January 1766, and Leeson married thirdly Elizabeth French, daughter of the Very Revd William French, Dean of Ardagh, on 10 February 1768. They had four children:
Lord Milltown died on 2 October 1783 at the age of 82. His third wife died on 23 January 1842 having lived 55 years past his death. In 1728 Suesey Street in Dublin was renamed Leeson Street, presumably in his honour. Lord Milltown commissioned Russborough House, a particularly fine example of Palladian architecture, designed by Richard Cassels and built between 1741 and 1755. The interior of the house contrasts with the austere exterior by way of some ornate plasterwork on the ceilings by the Lafranchini brothers. It is the longest house in Ireland, with a frontage measuring 210 m/700 ft, and is considered by some the most beautiful.

</doc>
<doc id="2854368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854368" title="Listening station">
Listening station

A listening station is a facility established to monitor radio and microwave signals and analyse their content to secure information and intelligence for use by the security and diplomatic community and others or to make local transmissions more widely available, thus the London pirate listening station streams London FM pirate transmissions via the internet to the global community.
Y-stations were British Signals Intelligence collection sites initially established during World War I and later used during World War II.
Examples are BBC Monitoring at Caversham, RAF Menwith Hill, Harrogate and Government Communications Headquarters (GCHQ), Cheltenham; London Listening Station.

</doc>
<doc id="2854371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854371" title="John Jones (MI5 officer)">
John Jones (MI5 officer)

Sir John Jones, KCB (17 February 1923 – 9 March 1998) was Director-General of MI5, the United Kingdom's internal security service, from 1981 until 1985.
Career.
Jones was a native of Wigton in Cumbria, and went to The Nelson Thomlinson School in that town. A graduate of Christ's College Cambridge where he read History, he became an officer in the Royal Artillery during World War II and served as a civil servant in the pre-independence Government of Sudan. He joined the Security Service in 1955. He became Deputy Director General in 1976. He was Director-General of MI5 from 1981 to 1985.
In 1983, he was appointed Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath (KCB) by Queen Elizabeth II.

</doc>
<doc id="2854373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854373" title="Jean-Baptiste Romuald Fiset">
Jean-Baptiste Romuald Fiset

Jean-Baptiste Romuald Fiset (7 February 1843 – 5 January 1917) was a Canadian physician and parliamentarian.
Born in St-Cuthbert, Canada East, the son of Henri Fiset, he was educated at the Collège de Montréal and the Université Laval. Fiset practised medicine at Rimouski. He also served on the town council and was mayor of Rimouski. In 1869, he married Aimée Plamondon.
Fiset was elected five times as the Liberal Member of Parliament representing the Quebec electoral district of Rimouski in the Canadian House of Commons. He was first elected in the Canadian federal election of 1872, and was re-elected in 1874 and 1878. Although he was defeated in 1882, he regained his seat in 1887. This pattern repeated when he lost once again in 1891, but regained his seat a final time in 1896.
A notable moment in his career in the house took place on 30 March 1874 when Fiset guided a hooded Louis Riel into the parliament buildings so that he might sign the parliamentary registry and thereby become an official Member of Parliament. Despite having been elected to parliament as the member for Provencher, Riel at that time was a fugitive because of his role in execution of Thomas Scott during the Red River Rebellion of 1869–1870.
Fiset was appointed to the Canadian Senate on 20 October 1897 on the recommendation of Sir Wilfrid Laurier. He represented the senatorial division of Gulf, Quebec until his death in Rimouski at the age of 73.

</doc>
<doc id="2854382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854382" title="Ind">
Ind

Ind or IND may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2854385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854385" title="Canadaville">
Canadaville

Canadaville is a project by Austro-Canadian industrialist Frank Stronach to build an experimental model community for people displaced by Hurricane Katrina. It is situated on 3.69 square kilometres (912 acres) of land in Simmesport, Louisiana. Rather than simply providing temporary shelter to the evacuees, a measure that often ends up as an exercise in crowd control, Canadaville aims to help its residents integrate into a long-term holistic farming community. It will raise livestock and seafood which will be served at Stronach's Gulfstream Park in Palm Beach, Florida.
The 75 mobile housing units are 1420 square feet (132 square meters) in size, and have three bedrooms and two bathrooms, air conditioning, washers, dryers, and other amenities. As former Canadian MP Dennis Mills described it, "this is no FEMA Village".
Residents, which numbered over 200 by August 2006, Katrina's first anniversary, will be able to stay rent-free for five years, with the requirement that (if able-bodied) they contribute to the community by learning new skills or using their existing skills. Since many of the Katrina evacuees were extremely poor and generally not well-educated, Canadaville's backers hope that the Canadaville experience will help the evacuees gain self-reliance that they didn't have before. Stronach explained, "we would hopefully be able to put in an infrastructure whereby you would create a new life for them, a life of hope, spirit, so that they will be self-supporting and not on welfare. That's the idea."
In 2007, CTV Television (Canada) aired a documentary called "Welcome to Canadaville," showing the opposition that the Canadaville project met from some residents of its host town, Simmesport, led by the mayor. "Welcome to Canadaville" was directed by Mike Sheerin and produced by 90th Parallel Productions. 

</doc>
<doc id="2854390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854390" title="Leray cover">
Leray cover

In mathematics, a Leray cover(ing) is a cover which allows for easy calculation of cohomology.
Sheaf cohomology measures the extent to which a locally exact sequence on a fixed topological space, for instance the deRham sequence, fails to be globally exact. Its definition, using derived functors, is reasonably natural, if technical. Moreover, important properties, such as the existence of a long exact sequence in cohomology corresponding to any short exact sequence of sheaves, follow directly from the definition. However, it is virtually impossible to calculate from the definition. On the other hand, Čech cohomology with respect to an open cover is well-suited to calculation, but of limited usefulness because it depends on the open cover chosen, not only on the sheaves and the space. By taking a direct limit of Čech cohomology over arbitrarily fine covers, we obtain a Čech cohomology theory that does not depend on the open cover chosen. In reasonable circumstances (for instance, if the topological space is paracompact), the derived-functor cohomology agrees with this Ĉech cohomology obtained by direct limits. However, like the derived functor cohomology, this cover-independent Čech cohomology is virtually impossible to calculate from the definition. The Leray condition on an open cover ensures that the cover in question is already "fine enough." The derived functor cohomology agrees with the Čech cohomology with respect to any Leray cover.
Let formula_1 be an open cover of the topological space formula_2, and formula_3 a sheaf on X. We say that formula_4 is a Leray cover with respect to formula_3 if, for every nonempty finite set formula_6 of indices, and for all formula_7, formula_8, in the derived functor cohomology. For example, if X is a separated scheme, and formula_3 is quasicoherent, then any cover of X by open affine subschemes is a Leray cover.

</doc>
<doc id="2854408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854408" title="Battle of Sangju (1592)">
Battle of Sangju (1592)

The Battle of Sangju was one of the first battles in the First phase of the Japanese Invasions of Korea (Imjin War). The Koreans attempted to stop the Japanese invasion and prevent the siege of Fort Ch'ungju. However, the superior technology of the Japanese forces, particularly the arquebuses, proved decisive. Similar to most Korean generals at the start of the war, Yi Il performed poorly. The Japanese were victorious and pushed on to Chungju.
Sangju.
Yi Il gathered 1,000 men from among the local peasantry in Sangju. Yi Il did not want to be annihilated inside Sangju so he arranged his men on a small hill nearby. When a messenger arrived, warning of the Japanese approach, Yi had him beheaded, so that his announcement would not lower his men's morale. 
Yi Il then sent out a scout to locate the position of the Japanese army. Unfortunately, the scout was shot and killed by a Japanese sharpshooter. When the scout did not return, Yi Il assumed the Japanese were nearby. Soon, the Japanese soldiers under General Konishi Yukinaga appeared.
Konishi and his generals then ordered the ashigaru (foot soldiers) to fire upon the Koreans with arquebuses. Following a volley of fire, his infantry charged. As the Japanese began to advance up the hill, Yi ordered his men to return fire, but their arrows fell short. Konishi Yukinaga split his force and began to encircle the Korean emplacement. Yi Il turned his horse around, and retreated with his remaining army. Konishi's army was victorious, killing approximately 300of the defending Korean force. Konishi continued to lead his men onto Chungju for another victory.

</doc>
<doc id="2854410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854410" title="Patrick Walker (MI5 officer)">
Patrick Walker (MI5 officer)

Sir Patrick Jeremy Walker, KCB was director general (DG) of MI5, the United Kingdom's internal security service, from 1988 to 1992.
Career.
An Oxford graduate, Walker joined MI5 from the Colonial Service in 1963. He was Director-General of MI5 from 1988 to 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="2854411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854411" title="Antony Duff">
Antony Duff

Sir Arthur Antony Duff, GCMG, CVO, DSO, DSC, PC (25 February 1920 – 13 August 2000) was Director General (DG) of MI5, the United Kingdom's internal security service, from 1985 to 1988.
Career.
Educated at the Royal Naval College, Dartmouth, Duff started his career in the Royal Navy where he was a submarine commander during World War II; he served in the Cabinet Office and was Deputy Governor of Southern Rhodesia, to Lord Soames from 1979 to 1980. After his retirement he worked as a volunteer in a centre for the homeless and was a board member of "Homeless Network" in London.

</doc>
<doc id="2854417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854417" title="Telephone counseling">
Telephone counseling

Telephone counseling refers to any type of psychological service performed over the telephone. Telephone counseling ranges from individual, couple or group psychotherapy with a professional therapist to psychological first aid provided by para-professional counselors. In-person therapists often advise clients to make use of telephone crisis counseling to provide the client with an avenue to obtain support outside of therapy if they cannot be reached in an emergency or at the conclusion of a therapeutic relationship.
Professional counseling by telephone.
Researchers have begun observing a growing trend in which licensed psychotherapists and psychologists are now seeing at least some of their clients via the telephone. A body of research exists comparing the efficacy of telephone counseling to in-person counseling and to no treatment. A recent study found that more than half of clients (58%) who had experienced both in-person and phone counseling preferred phone counseling. A 2002 study found that phone counseling clients rate their counseling relationship similarly to in-person clients. Phone counseling has been established as an effective treatment for diagnoses ranging from depression to agoraphobia.
Crisis hotlines.
"Crisis" hotlines also provide telephone support services. These may be state-funded or provided by churches or charities and often serve the primary function of suicide prevention. However, many lines also accept calls from people who are not in active suicidal crisis. The term "emotional support helpline" is sometimes used to avoid the implication that a caller must be in crisis to use services. Some emotional support services employ email & messaging technologies.
Quitlines.
Quitlines are helplines that offer advanced treatment for addiction and behavior change. Quitlines should not be confused with centralized call centers offering advice in a wide spectrum of fields for the purpose of receiving and transmitting a large volume of requests.
Child helplines.
Child helplines are help and support services for children, run by civil society organisations and or government bodies. Child helplines specialise in offering information, support, advice or counselling to people 18 years of age or younger. Child Helpline International, an international network of child helplines, was formed in 2003 to support the development of child helplines and enable the information gathered by child helplines around the world on children's rights and welfare issues to be assembled for advocacy purposes.
Advantages over in-person therapy.
Unlike other forms of counseling, telephone counseling is potentially free of certain constraining factors that affect traditional therapy, including geography, time, duration, and cost, making this form of counseling more accessible for a number of people who would be unable to attend traditional psychotherapy. It also provides a degree of anonymity that is comforting to some callers, reducing the intimidation that some people may feel at the prospect of seeking treatment with a traditional in-person therapist and encouraging disclosure. Also research shows telephone counseling to have better results among patients with depression.
Disadvantages over in-person therapy.
Being physically present with your counselor may help you feel more connected with him or her; the telephone may contribute to "distance" in the therapeutic relationship. Some people feel safer letting themselves become emotional in the physical presence of another person.
Because the client often calls from a location that is part of their day-to-day life, calls often center around, or are interrupted by, situational pressures that the person is currently immersed in. This can have both positive and negative effects on the counseling provided; by allowing the counselor some insight into the person's situation, the counselor can be more objective. Conversely, the disruptions and pressures of situational factors may make it difficult for the client to adopt a reflective state or maintain full focus on the counseling session. 
In the case of para-professional counseling (meaning a non-licensed therapist), there may not be guaranteed privacy; the electronic technologies involved make it difficult to prevent multiple phone connections, loudspeakers, or recording of the interactions. This fact may present a problem to a paranoid personality who suspects that others are monitoring his or her calls.
If the counseling is provided by an organization staffed by a number of employees or volunteers, a repeat caller cannot develop a relationship with a counselor in the same way as in traditional therapy, which may impede progress. These organizations typically limit calls in time and frequency, preventing deeper analysis and thus the use of therapeutic modalities that depend on it (i.e. psychoanalysis).
Phone counseling is not appropriate for people who are homicidal, suicidal, self injuring, or requiring more care than one session per week. Phone counselors may not be acquainted with local emergency service options. Counselors at locally operated suicide hotlines are trained in emergency services and acquainted with local resources.
Examples of for profit telephone counseling services.
Telephone Counselling - Oran Mor offer confidential telephone counselling. Although based in Scotland the service is available to anywhere in the United Kingdom.
External links.
Tele-psychology tool for Psychologists and Counselors

</doc>
<doc id="2854432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854432" title="Guajira Peninsula">
Guajira Peninsula

Guajira Peninsula (, also spelled "Goajira", mainly in colonial period texts), is a peninsula in northern Colombia and northwestern Venezuela in the Caribbean. It is the northernmost peninsula in South America and has an area of extending from the Manaure Bay (Colombia) to the Calabozo Ensenada in the Gulf of Venezuela (Venezuela), and from the Caribbean to the Serranía del Perijá mountains range. It was the subject of a dispute between Venezuela and Colombia in 1891, and on arbitration was awarded to the latter and joined to its Magdalena Department. Nowadays, most of the territory is part of Colombia, making part of La Guajira Department, while the remaining strip pertains to the Venezuelan Zulia State. The northernmost part of the peninsula is called Punta Gallinas (12° 28´ N) and is also considered the northernmost part of mainland South America.
Climate.
The scenery of Guajira is very picturesque; the temperature in the plains is very high, but temperate in the mountains.
The region receives the flow of the trade winds from the northern hemisphere and forms along the northeastern coast of Venezuela and the Antilles, the Guajira-Barranquilla xeric scrub. The Trade winds cause a resurgence of the deep littoral waters and makes the sea more rich in living species on the western side of the peninsula. The northeastern flank of the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta mountain range acts as a barrier that generates abundant rainfall in its steps and originate the Ranchería River, the only major river in the area. Climate and vegetation varies from south to north, presenting a hyper humid jungle weather in the southern part (3000 mm a year) to the desertic areas in the north (300 mm a year).
In the northern area there is a small range of mountains called Macuira that reaches 900 m over sea level that trap some of the trade winds and cause mist. Most of the mountain range is a protected area called National Natural Park of Macuira. Nearby there is also the 80 km² Flamingos Fauna and Flora Sanctuary.
Economy.
The peninsula is mainly inhabited by members of the native tribe of the Wayuus which use the plains to raise cattle, sheep, goats and horses. The descendants of the Spanish colonists settled in the southeastern part of the peninsula (sometimes referred to as the Padilla Province) were the land is more fertile due to the proximity to other river basins, such as the cesar river basin and is subject to large plantations of cotton, sorghum and cattle ranching.
Since the 1980s the central area of the peninsula was subject to the exploration and exploitation of coal and natural gas in the area of Cerrejón and of oil in the littoral. A popular ecotourism destination in the area is Cabo de la Vela
Missionary history.
The mission of Goajira was erected by Pope Pius X on 17 January 1905, into a vicariate Apostolic, dependent on the Congregation for Extraordinary Ecclesiastical Affairs. Mgr Attanasio Maria Vincenzo Soler-Royo, O.F.M. Cap., was appointed to the vicariate, as titular Bishop of Citharizum, on 18 April 1907. The early 20th century missionaries described the inhabitants of the area as "tall and well made. Formerly they were very intractable, but the Capuchins, who were in charge of the Catholic missions, have had a great influence over them, and large numbers have been converted. The chief towns are Paraguaipoa, Calabacito, Maricha, Marocaso and Soldado." Today, the Catholic education is no longer mandatory for the indigenous people, who are allowed to educate their children in the Wayuu traditions and language (Wayuunaiki).
In "Papillon", Henri Charrière writes: "The Goajira Indians are seafarers who fish for pearls. Their primary diet is said to consist of fish, turtle meat, turtle eggs and big green lizards, most likely Iguanas. Men and women are dressed only in a loincloth which covers their crotch."

</doc>
<doc id="2854448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854448" title="Sempill Mission">
Sempill Mission

The Sempill Mission was a British aeronaval technical mission led by Captain the Master of Sempill and sent to Japan in September 1921, with the objective of helping the Imperial Japanese Navy develop its aeronaval forces. The mission consisted in a group of 30 instructors and support staff, headed by Colonel Sempill, and stayed in Japan for 18 months. 
The Mission started training operation at the air base of Kasumigaura. The Japanese were trained on several new aircraft, such as the Gloster Sparrowhawk, in various techniques such as torpedo bombing and flight control.
The Mission also brought the plans of the most recent British aircraft carriers, such as "HMS Argus" and "HMS Hermes", which influenced the final stages of the development of the Japanese aircraft carrier "Hōshō". Although the Hōshō was already launched by that time, she became the first aircraft carrier laid down as such in the world when she was commissioned in 1922, one year before the "Hermes".

</doc>
<doc id="2854453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854453" title="Catholic University of Ireland">
Catholic University of Ireland

The Catholic University of Ireland () was a Catholic university in Dublin, Ireland and was founded in 1851 following the Synod of Thurles in 1850, and in response to the Queen's University of Ireland and its associated colleges which were nondenominational. Cardinal Cullen had previously forbidden Catholics from attending these "godless colleges".
Establishment.
On 18 May 1854 the Catholic University of Ireland was formally established with five faculties of law, letters, medicine, philosophy and theology with John Henry Newman (later Cardinal) as the Rector. Lectures commenced on 3 November 1854, with the registration of seventeen students, the first being Daniel O'Connell, grandson of the notable Catholic politician Daniel O'Connell.
In 1861 Dr Bartholomew Woodlock, the rector from 1860–1879, tried to secure land for a building near Holy Cross College Clonliffe, the establishment to be known as "St. Patrick's University". Plans were drawn up by an architect, J.J. McCarthy, and a foundation stone laid. Cardinal Cullen was against the idea of educating lay and clerical students on the same premises. However this plan was shelved because of the expansion of the railway line, and a church and monastery was built on the site.
Under the name St. Patrick's University night classes were advertised by the University under Dr. Woodlock's name
Some feeder secondary schools were established for the CUI. The nearby Catholic University School was joined by St. Flannan's College in Co. Clare and Catholic University High School in Waterford.
Recognition.
The Catholic University was neither a recognised university so far as the civil authorities were concerned, nor an institution offering recognised degrees. Newman had little success in establishing the new university, though over £250,000 had been raised from the laity to fund it. Though they held the foundation money as trustees, the hierarchy in 1859 sent most of it to support an Irish Brigade led by Myles O'Reilly to help defend Rome in the Second Italian War of Independence.
Newman left the university in 1857. According to Lytton Strachey (in his book, "Eminent Victorians", p. 72) "Eventually he realised something else: he saw that the whole project of a Catholic University had been evolved as a political and ecclesiastical weapon against the Queen's Colleges of Peel, and that was all. As an instrument of education, it was simply laughed at ; and he himself had been called in because his name would be a valuable asset in a party game. When he understood that, he resigned his rectorship and returned to the Oratory."
Subsequently the school went into a serious decline; in 1879 only three students had registered. The situation changed in 1880 when the recognised Royal University of Ireland came into being and students of the Catholic University were entitled to sit the Royal University examinations and receive its degrees.
After the 1880 reforms the Catholic University consisted of a number of constituent colleges, including St Patrick's College, Maynooth and Cecilia St. Medical School (see below), with much of the original university then merging into another of its colleges, University College Dublin. Following the 1879 Act all Catholic Colleges including Carlow College, Holy Cross College and Blackrock College("The French College") came under the Catholic University. Subsequently other seminaries such as St. Kieran's College, Kilkenny, the Carmelite College, Terenure became affiliated to the Catholic University and hence the new Royal University.
University College was passed to the control of the Jesuits in 1883, when it housed the faculties of the Catholic University except medicine.
National University of Ireland, 1909.
In 1909 the Catholic University essentially came to an end with the creation of the National University of Ireland, with University College Dublin as a constituent, however the Catholic University of Ireland remained a legal entity until 1911.
Catholic University Medical School.
The Catholic University Medical School had commenced lectures for medical students in 1855, in Cecilia Street, Dublin. The recognition of its graduates by chartered institutions (the RCSI) ensured its success, unlike the associated Catholic University. This ensured that the medical school became the most successful constituent college of the Catholic University and by 1900 the medical school had become the largest medical school in Ireland.
The 1908 reforms reconstituted the Catholic University Medical School as the Faculty of Medicine of University College Dublin, with Dr. D. J. Coffey, M.B.(RUI), Professor of Physiology, Catholic University Medical School, becoming the first president of UCD.

</doc>
<doc id="2854454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854454" title="Dog (disambiguation)">
Dog (disambiguation)

A dog is a mammal.
Dog may also refer to:
Animals.
Used in the names of non-canid, animals:

</doc>
<doc id="2854462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854462" title="Samsung Techwin">
Samsung Techwin

Samsung Techwin () is a surveillance, aeronautics, optoelectronics, automations and weapons technology company. It is a subsidiary of Samsung Group. The company employs 4923 employees and is headquartered in South Korea. Its totals sales in 2011 was 2,947 billion South Korean won.
History.
Samsung Techwin was founded in 1977, and the company established a precision instrument laboratory in 1978. It started making cameras in 1979. In technical cooperation with General Electric, it started manufacturing jet engines for Korean aircraft in 1980. Manufacture of self-propelled artillery began in 1984.
It changed its name to Samsung Aerospace Industries in 1987 and started to make helicopters. It acquired Rollei, a German camera manufacturer, and Union Optics of Japan, a manufacturer of semiconductor equipment. In 1996 it developed the SB427 helicopter with Bell and began selling digital cameras branded as Samsung Kenox in 1997. The same year, it made the first KF-16 fighter jet in Korea.
It handed over the firm's aircraft business to Korea Aerospace Industries in 1999 and changed its name to Samsung Techwin in 2000.
It exported the K-9 155mm self-propelled artillery to Turkey. In 2005, the company marked first place in Korean digital cameras market share and started a technical co-operation with Pentax.
Samsung Techwin directly entered the European and North American closed-circuit television/surveillance market in 2008 under its own name, featuring a line of true day/night cameras and digital video recorders (DVRs). In 2009, the company introduced a new series of digital IP-based cameras and network video recorders.
Samsung Techwin and its bigger sister company Samsung Electronics announced on October 2009 that in 2010 Samsung Electronics CCTV camera division would be unified with Samsung Techwin's CCTV camera division. In recent years both companies appeared on the CCTV market with lineups that shared some technological underpinnings but in many ways differed (including incompatible PTZ control protocols), and in many markets they were direct competitors with overlapping distribution channels. Although some earlier speculation existed in specialty literature that the new company would appear under the name Samsung Security, official announcement stated that the CCTV division from Samsung Electronics will be transferred to Samsung Techwin.
In February 2014, Samsung Techwin presented its new portfolio of IP cameras for vertical markets at the International Security, Safety and Fire Exhibition (SICUR).

</doc>
<doc id="2854463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854463" title="Erna Petermann">
Erna Petermann

Erna Petermann (born 1912) was a high-ranking female overseer at two Nazi concentration camps during the closing of World War II.
Little is known about Erna Petermann, other than that she trained at the men's camp at Mittelbau-Dora sometime in 1944. The SS promoted Peterman to the rank of Lagerführerin (Female Camp Commandant) under a male commandant. Later, Peterman was transferred as Female Camp Commandant to the Gross Werther subcamp in the Harz Mountains. When Gross Werther was liberated by the Allies, Petermann fled the camp and went into hiding. Her whereabouts were not located and therefore it was not possible to question her regarding possible involvement with war crimes. Her subsequent history and post-war activities remain unknown as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="2854471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854471" title="Edge Side Includes">
Edge Side Includes

Edge Side Includes or ESI is a small markup language for edge level dynamic web content assembly. The purpose of ESI is to tackle the problem of web infrastructure scaling. It is an application of edge computing.
It is fairly common for websites to have generated content. It could be because of changing content like catalogs or forums, or because of personalization. This creates a problem for caching systems. To overcome this problem a group of companies (Akamai, Art Technology Group, BEA Systems, Circadence Corporation, Digital Island, Inc., Interwoven, Inc., Open Market, whose ESI-related technology is now owned by FatWire Software, Oracle Corporation and Vignette Corporation) developed the ESI specification and submitted it to the W3C for approval. The proposal editor was Mark Nottingham.
ESI Language Specification 1.0 was submitted to the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) for approval in August 2001. The W3C has acknowledged receipt, but has not accepted the proposal.
ESI is implemented by some content delivery networks, such as Akamai, and by some caching proxy servers such as Varnish, Squid and Mongrel ESI, although many do not implement the complete specification. Akamai also adds additional features to the version they support.
How ESI is implemented.
ESI element tags are inserted into HTML or other text based content during creation. Instead of being displayed to viewers, these ESI tags are directives that instruct an ESI processor to take some action. The XML based ESI tags indicate to the edge-side processing agent the action that needs to be taken to complete the page's assembly. One simple example of an ESI element is the include tag which is used to include content external to the page. An ESI include tag placed in-line within an HTML document would look like this:
In this case the ESI processor would retrieve the src URL, or failing that the alt URL, or if that failed do nothing. The ESI system is usually a caching proxy server so it may have a local copy of these files which it can insert without going back to the server. Alternatively the whole page with the ESI tags may be cached, and only the ESI requests may be made to the origin server. This allows different caching times for different parts of the page, or different degrees of personalisation.
Features.
There are four main features in ESI: 
Alternatives.
The main alternatives to ESI are 

</doc>
<doc id="2854485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854485" title="Sarah Parish">
Sarah Parish

Sarah Parish (born 7 June 1968) is an English actress. She is known for her work on TV series including: "The Pillars of the Earth", "Peak Practice", "Hearts and Bones", "Cutting It", "Doctor Who", "Mistresses", "Merlin", the BBC TV series "Atlantis" and the ITV medical drama, "Monroe".
Early years.
Parish was born in Yeovil, Somerset to Bill and Thelma Parish; she has a sister Julie and one brother, the musician John Parish. She was educated at the local Preston School.
Personal life.
Formerly a resident of Islington, Parish married James Murray on 15 December 2007 in Hampshire, where they currently reside. It was announced she was pregnant with their first child on 18 January 2008 and due on Parish's 40th birthday, 7 June 2008. Their daughter Ella-Jayne was born with a heart defect and died at the age of eight months in January 2009. In her memory, Parish and Murray are raising funds for the Paediatric Intensive Care Unit (PICU) at Southampton General Hospital. Parish later gave birth to a second daughter.
Career.
After training at the Academy of Live and Recorded Arts in London, her appearance in a cult advert for Manchester-based Boddingtons bitter in 1994 (as Vera, who likes nothing better than "a good rub down with chip fat") led to a series of roles as Northern women, including Dawn Rudge in "Peak Practice" (1993), Allie Henshall in "Cutting It" (2002), Annie Naylor in "Trust" and Natalie Holden in "Blackpool" (2004) She starred alongside Debra Messing in the movie "The Wedding Date", had a small role in "The Holiday", which starred Jude Law, and appeared as the Empress of the Racnoss in the Christmas 2006 "Doctor Who" episode "The Runaway Bride".
Parish's most recent appearance was in the one-off drama "Recovery". She also starred in the BBC series Shakespeare Retold in which she played Beatrice. She returned as GP Katie Roden in series two of "Mistresses" which was first shown on BBC One in February 2009. She played Lady Catrina in the BBC television series Merlin. In November 2009, she starred in a short film to promote Somerset, commissioned by inward investment agency Into Somerset. In 2011, Parish co-starred in ITV's medical drama "Monroe", alongside James Nesbitt. She also appears in the BBC TV series Atlantis playing one of the main cast characters, Pasiphaë.

</doc>
<doc id="2854490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854490" title="Take a Bow (Madonna song)">
Take a Bow (Madonna song)

"Take a Bow" is a song by American singer-songwriter Madonna from her sixth studio album "Bedtime Stories". The song was released as the album's second single on December 6, 1994 by Maverick Records. It is a midtempo pop ballad written and produced by Madonna and R&B singer-songwriter Babyface. The song also appears on her compilation albums "Something to Remember" (1995), "GHV2" (2001) and "Celebration" (2009). 
"Take a Bow" received favorable reviews from music critics, who praised the song's soulful, poetic lyrics. The song was a big success in the United States, becoming her eleventh number-one single on the "Billboard" Hot 100, topping the chart for seven weeks. It was her first single to reach number-one since "This Used to Be My Playground" in 1992, and would be her last number-one song in the United States in the 1990s. Elsewhere in the world, the single also had success, reaching number-one in Canada, and the top-ten in Italy, Switzerland, and New Zealand. In the United Kingdom, it had moderate success, reaching number sixteen on the UK Singles Chart.
The music video for "Take a Bow", directed by Michael Haussman, was filmed in Ronda and the bullring of Antequera, Spain. The plot depicts Madonna as a bullfighter's (played by real-life Spanish bullfighter Emilio Muñoz) neglected lover, yearning for his unrequited love. The video won Best Female Video honors at the 1995 MTV Video Music Awards. Madonna performed "Take a Bow" live with Babyface at the 1995 American Music Awards and at the 1995 San Remo Festival in Italy. However, Madonna has never performed "Take a Bow" on any of her world tours. Madonna did rehearse the song for 2004's Re-Invention World Tour, but it was ultimately cut from the setlist and not included in the show.
Background.
Following the release Madonna's first book publication, "Sex", the erotic thriller, "Body of Evidence", and the album, "Erotica", in the early 1990s, the media and public's backlash against Madonna’s overtly sexual image was at a peak. Released in early March, 1994, her first musical release after "Erotica" was the tender ballad "I'll Remember" from the soundtrack of the film "With Honors". When Madonna appeared on the "Late Show with David Letterman" on March 31, 1994 to promote the single, her coarse language and behavior—which was provocative, seemingly random at times, full of double entendres (at one point asking Letterman to sniff her panties), profanities, and ended with a refusal to leave the set—caused yet another large public controversy. Following this, Madonna decided to tone down her image and move her career into a new direction. Musically, she explored new-jack R&B styles with a generally mainstream, radio-friendly sound. This new R&B sound was reflected in "Bedtime Stories", released in October, 1994. For "Take a Bow", the second single released off of the album, Madonna wanted a more "romantic vein" so she worked with Babyface on the track because he had proved himself to be very successful in his previous works with smooth R&B, working with other artists such as Whitney Houston, Boyz II Men, and Toni Braxton. Although not listed in the credits as a performer, Babyface sings background vocals on the track. The maxi-single release of "Take a Bow" includes two remixes of the song. According to Jose F. Promis of Allmusic, the first remix, known as the "In Da Soul" mix, gives the ballad a funkier, more urban feel while the second remix, known as the "Silky Soul Mix", is a little more "quiet storm" and "melancholy" than the first.
Composition.
"Take a Bow" is a midtempo pop ballad with a "Sukiyaki"-like Japanese touch. It was written and produced by Madonna and Babyface. According to Musicnotes.com, the song has a moderate calypso feel and 80 beats per minute. Madonna vocal range on the track is Eb3 to C5. The song contains oriental pentatonics and strings, giving the impression of Chinese or Japanese nights and their opera. Madonna sings the song in the sleepy languid mood that characterises the songs from "Bedtime Stories". The chorus expresses the theme of saying goodbye to a lover who had taken her for granted. The title plays upon the verse in the song "all the world is a stage and everyone has their part," a reference to the line by William Shakespeare in his play "As You Like It", ""All the world's a stage, and all the men and women mere players"". In his book "Madonna: An Intimate Biography", J. Randy Taraborrelli describes the song as a "somber, sarcastic, all-the-world's-a-stage song about unrequited love... a subject whose phoniness might have fooled everyone else, but not her." He goes on to say that in the song Madonna tells the subject of her unrequited love to take a bow for "rendering a great, transparent performance in life and love."
Reception.
Critical response.
"Billboard" gave the single a very positive review, calling the song a "plush pop ballad" that's "as close to perfect as top 40 fare gets". Adding that it has a lead vocal that is "both sweet and quietly soulful". James Hunter from "Vibe" called the song "a New Soul masterpiece". Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic stated that "Take a Bow" is "tremendous", listing it as one of the best songs off of "Bedtime Stories" and stating that it (along with album tracks "Secret", "Inside of Me", "Sanctuary", and "Bedtime Story") slowly "works its melodies into the subconscious as the bass pulses." He goes on to say that it "offer an antidote to "Erotica", which was filled with deep but cold grooves." Sal Cinquemani of "Slant Magazine" referred to the ballad as "syrupy" and "bittersweet". In his 2011 review of "Bedtime Stories", Brett Callwood of the "Detroit Metro Times" called the song "spectacular", while Alex Needham of "NME" feels that it is a "gorgeously constructed song by any standards". Enio Chiola of PopMatters listed the song in his list of "Top 15 Madonna Singles of All Time", noting that the track was "accented perfectly by the fantastic video". In 2013 "Billboard" allocated "Take a Bow" the number four spot on its list of "Madonna's Biggest Billboard Hits", declaring it Madonna's second-most successful single of the 1990s decade after Vogue. NPR Multimedia senior producer Keith Jenkins gave a positive review of the song, stating that it "washes over you and gets your blood boiling. You may not walk on water after hearing it, but you may want to get your focus back by walking on broken glass." Peter Galvin of "The Advocate" wrote that through the lyrics 'One lonely star and you don't know who you are' you begin to "realize that she is talking about herself-and the effect is truly heartbreaking." He goes on to say that "the song...movingly shows that ultimately Madonna is neither Madonna nor whore-rather she's just like you and me." J.D. Considine of "The Baltimore Sun" stated that the song, about "innocent romance" has a "gently cascading melody".
Chart performance.
"Take a Bow" was a huge success for Madonna on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. It topped the chart for seven weeks and is her longest-running number-one single on this chart. It was her 11th single to top the Billboard Hot 100 and her 23rd top five entry-both records for a female artist. She also replaced Carole King as the female who had written the most number one songs. "Take a Bow" became Madonna's fifth number-one single on the Adult Contemporary chart in the United States, following "Live to Tell", "La Isla Bonita", "Cherish", and "I'll Remember". The song is also notable as Madonna's last single (to date) to make the top 40 of the U.S. R&B chart. The single received the remix treatment from prominent DJ and record producer Steve Hurley. On February 27, 1995, the single was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for shipping 500,000 copies. According to Billboard Magazine, it was one of the best selling singles of 1995, selling 500,000 copies in that year alone.
Although the single was a huge hit in the United States, it performed moderately in the United Kingdom and peaked at number 16. "Take a Bow" ended Madonna's record string of 35 consecutive top-ten single on the UK Singles Chart from "Like a Virgin" (1984) to "Secret" (1994). According to The Official Charts Company, the single has sold 102,739 copies in the United Kingdom, as of August 2008. In Canada the song topped the charts, becoming her 12th number-one single in that country. In Australia, "Take a Bow" debuted on the ARIA Singles Chart at number 21 on December 25, 1994, eventually peaking at number 15. It was present on the chart for a total of 17 weeks. The song peaked at number two on the Italian Singles Chart and at number eight on the Swiss Singles Chart. In New Zealand, the single peaked at number nine on the New Zealand Singles Chart, spending a total of 13 weeks on the chart.
Music video.
Background and synopsis.
The music video for "Take a Bow" was directed by Michael Haussman, and is a lavish period-style piece filmed from November 3–8, 1994 in Ronda and in the bullring of Antequera, Spain. The plot, set in the 1940s, depicts Madonna as a neglected lover of a bullfighter, played by real-life Spanish bullfighter Emilio Muñoz. Madonna's character yearns for the bullfighter's presence, with erotic heartbreak. A total of three different bulls were used during the production of the music video. In the video Madonna wears fitted, classic suits by British fashion designer John Galliano. In an interview with MTV's Kurt Loder on the set of the music video, Madonna said that when she was initially writing "Take a Bow" the inspiration for the song was an actor, but she wanted the male character in the video to be to be a matador instead because she wanted the video to be about an "obsessive, tragic love story that doesn't work out in the end" and a matador would be more visually effective in expressing the emotion of the song. The style of the music video has been compared to Spanish director Pedro Almodóvar's 1986 film "Matador", starring Antonio Banderas. The music video for Madonna's 1995 single "You'll See" is considered a follow up to the "Take a Bow" music video, as Madonna and Emilio Muñoz reprise their roles. In that video Madonna's character walks out on Munoz's (bullfighter) character, leaving him behind in despair. Madonna's character is then seen on the train and later on a plane, while Munoz's character tries to catch up with her in vain.
The video can be viewed as a statement on classism, supposing the bullfighter feels threatened and angered by the aristocrat's station, resulting in his physically abusing and then coldly abandoning her. The images of the music video show Madonna, the matador , and the townspeople preparing for, the attending, a bullfight. A secondary staging in the video presents Madonna standing or sitting near a television set in a room(lit by a single light source from above), while a third staging depicts Madonna writhing around on a bed in her underwear as she watching Munoz on the television. Madonna requested that Haussman give the video a Spanish theme because, at the time, she was lobbying for the role of Eva Perón in the film version of "Evita". She subsequently sent a copy of the video to director Alan Parker as a way of "auditioning" for the role. Madonna eventually won the role of Perón.
Reception and accolades.
The video generated controversy with animal rights activists who accused the singer of glorifying bullfighting. In Australia, music video program "Video Hits" ran a ticker along the bottom of the screen when the video was playing, stating that the producers of the program did not endorse the glorification of the sport portrayed in the video, while ABC TV video program "rage" simply refused to play the video at all during their G-rated Top 50 program. Madonna won Best Female Video honors at the 1995 MTV Video Music Awards for the "Take a Bow" music video. It was also nominated for Best Art Direction in a Video, but lost to Michael Jackson and Janet Jackson's "Scream". The video also came in at number 27 on VH1's 50 Sexiest Video Moments. In 2012, the television program "Extra" included "Take a Bow" on their list of "The 10 Sexiest Madonna Music Videos." 
Like some of Madonna's previous music videos, such as "La Isla Bonita" and "Like a Prayer", religious imagery plays a big role in the music video. In the book "Madonna's Drowned Worlds" the use of Catholic imagery in the video is discussed, but the author points out that unlike Madonna's previous music videos, much of the religious imagery is associated with the matador, not Madonna, due to the fact that religious images are a strong part of the bull-fighting ritual. It has also been argued that in the video Madonna "subverts the gender structure and masculine subjectivity implicit in traditional bullfighting." This is achieved through the "feminization of the matador and the emphasis on Madonna's character" and also through Madonna's "dominant gaze" as she watches the matador perform." 
In "Madonna as Postmodern Myth", author Georges-Claude Guilbert described the video as "a sexy video which defied feminists of the Marilyn Frye and Adrienne Rich variety, who see in the video a disgusting example of passé female submissiveness." Madonna responded to this criticism by stating "I don't believe that any organization should dictate to me what I can and cannot do artistically." When discussing "Take a Bow", NPR Multimedia senior producer Keith Jenkins said the music video, with its "rich, sensually framed sepia tones", doesn't leave much to the imagination but rather, it becomes your imagination, with Madonna's vision "drill into your brain, unlocking your waking eye." 
Influence.
The "Take a Bow" video was a source of inspiration for Justin Timberlake's 2006 "SexyBack" video. According to Timberlake, he decided to work with director Michael Haussman on his "SexyBack" video because Take a Bow is one of his favorite Madonna videos. He went on to say "Even today, I still remember the visuals, the images, how he captured her. A lot of times, Madonna seems like she's the person in control, and in that video, she seemed vulnerable. It was a cool thing to see." According to director Dave Meyers, the music video for Britney Spears' 2009 single "Radar" is a "tribute" to Madonna's "Take a Bow" video. When speaking of Spears and the "Radar" video, Meyers explained, "were looking for a way to take her into a contemporary, classy environment. I felt empowered by referencing Madonna's a Bow video. Britney hasn't done anything like that."

</doc>
<doc id="2854492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854492" title="Songs from Liquid Days">
Songs from Liquid Days

__NOTOC__
Songs from Liquid Days is a collection of songs composed by composer Philip Glass with lyrics by Paul Simon, Suzanne Vega, David Byrne and Laurie Anderson. Glass began the project scoring lyrics by Byrne and then thought to collaborate with additional songwriters. 
On the project, Glass said:
The recording features performances by Bernard Fowler, Kronos Quartet, Janice Pendarvis, Douglas Perry, The Roches, Linda Ronstadt, and the Philip Glass Ensemble, directed by Michael Riesman. The recording was released in 1986 by CBS Records. The song "Lightning" was performed by the Philip Glass Ensemble on "Saturday Night Live", March 22, 1986.
Reception.
Stephen Holden of the New York Times wrote in 1986, 
Holden concludes, "But with all its charms, "Songs From Liquid Days" is still minor Glass." 
Allmusic wrote that "Songs From Liquid Days became Philip Glass' most popular and successful recording," and concluded that "Songs From Liquid Days may be their single greatest achievement." 
Track listing.
All songs feature the Philip Glass Ensemble under direction of Michael Riesman.
Artwork.
Cover photo of Philip Glass is by Robert Mapplethorpe.

</doc>
<doc id="2854506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854506" title="Daniel Lian">
Daniel Lian

Daniel Lian is a Southeast Asia Economist for Morgan Stanley, based out of Singapore. He holds a Ph.D. in economics from the East-West Center in Honolulu, Hawaii.
Lian is perhaps best known as a prominent proponent of Thaksinomics, a set of economic policies advocated by Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra designed to steer Thailand out of the Asian financial crisis.
Lian's close personal relationship with Prime Minister Thaksin has raised concerns of a possible conflict of interest that could impugn his impartiality and credibility in his role as an analyst of the Thai economy. In October 2005, more light was shed on the nature of his relationship with Thaksin when a letter that Lian had written to the Prime Minister was leaked to the Bangkok-based English-language newspaper "Thai Day". In the letter, Lian thanked Thaksin for a dinner he had recently hosted and also noted the efforts that Lian had made on Thaksin's behalf. These efforts included assisting with a road show held in Hong Kong. He then questioned whether Thailand's opposition Democrat Party and its leader Abhisit Vejjajiva had anything to offer "the Thai people" other than a "pretty young face", a sarcastic reference to Abhisit's reputation as a handsome young politician.
[http://www.nationmultimedia.com/2005/10/07/business/index.php?news=business_18809586.html]

</doc>
<doc id="2854510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854510" title="Desiree Casado">
Desiree Casado

Desiree Casado (born August 18, 1985) is an actress most notable for the role of Gabriela Rodriguez on "Sesame Street", the daughter of longstanding main characters Luis and Maria. Casado took over the role in 1993 when the previous actress, Gabriela Reagan ( the real-life daughter of the actress playing Maria, Sonia Manzano), told her mother she did not enjoy being on television. The character of Gabi has become a more integral part of the show's cast in the last couple of years, perhaps mostly to fulfill Sesame Workshop's need to sustain youth among the cast, as the old guard of the show ages.
In addition to her role as Gabi, Casado appeared in various television commercials. Her film credits include "I Like It Like That" (1994), "Bed of Roses" (1996), "Joe's Apartment" (1996), "Wishful Thinking" (1997) and "Gloria" (1999). Recently she acted in her first starring role, in the independent film "Juicy" (2004). According to the official Sesame Street cast bio, Casado loves to dance, especially Hip Hop, and is taking ballet lessons.

</doc>
<doc id="2854512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854512" title="Dunloy">
Dunloy

Dunloy () is a village and townland in the Borough of Ballymoney, County Antrim, Northern Ireland. It is located north of Ballymena and north-west of Ballymoney. Dunloy had a population of 1,071 in the 2001 Census, a gain of 21% since 1991. It is located in the civil parish of Finvoy, in the former barony of Kilconway.
History.
Dunloy lies in the ancient Irish district of "Killimorrie", which is now known as Killymurris. Killymurris is claimed as being derived from the Irish "Coill Ui Mhuireadhaigh" meaning "the wood of Murry". An alternate origin given for Killymurris is that it derives from "Choill Mhuiris" meaning "the wood of Morris".
Just south of Dunloy village, in the townland of Ballymacaldrack is "Dooey’s cairn". This open Court tomb, named after the landowner, is located on the sloops of Long Mountain and overlooks the valley of the river Main. The earliest known activity within the tomb is estimated at around 4000BC. Also on Long Mountain is another court Tomb, known as Broadstone.
See: List of megalithic monuments in Ireland
In the same townland lies the ancient graveyard of Caldernagh. 
Recent history.
Since 1996 residents have shown opposition to Loyal Order parades in Dunloy. Parades are currently prohibited from entering the centre of the village. Loyalists in nearby Ballymena counter protested to this by holding weekly protests at a Roman Catholic chapel situated in the predominately loyalist Harryville area of Ballymena.
These protests have since ended. There have been many attacks on the local Orange Hall. On 12 July 2005, locals blocked the road in an attempt to stop the Orange Order from marching through the village.
The Troubles
For more information see The Troubles in Dunloy, which includes a list of incidents in Dunloy during the Troubles resulting in two or more fatalities.
Local Features.
Dunloy's most striking building is considered to be the modern Roman Catholic church. The village also has several shops, two pubs, a bakery, and a credit union. Garves Wind Farm is not far from the village.
Sport
Dunloy has very successful hurling and camogie teams.
2001 Census.
Dunloy is classified as a village by the NI Statistics and Research Agency (NISRA) (i.e. with population between 1,000 and 2,250 people). On Census day (29 April 2001) there were 1,071 people living in Dunloy. Of these:

</doc>
<doc id="2854513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854513" title="Sleepy Creek Mountain">
Sleepy Creek Mountain

Sleepy Creek Mountain is a mountain ridge in the Ridge-and-Valley Appalachians on the border between Morgan and Berkeley Counties in the Eastern Panhandle of West Virginia. The long distance Tuscarora Trail, traverses the southern ridge and northern bench of the mountain.
Together with Third Hill Mountain to the east, the two mountains form a blind valley that contains Sleepy Creek Lake and the Sleepy Creek Wildlife Management Area. Sleepy Creek and Third Hill Mountains are distinctive for their height in the relatively level terrain of the far Eastern Panhandle of West Virginia.
Geography.
The southern end of Sleepy Creek Mountain, Shockeys Knob (1,873 feet/571 m), lies in northern Frederick County, Virginia and is shared by Berkeley and Morgan Counties in West Virginia. The mountain continues along southwest-northeast orientation between the two counties and peaks again at High Rock (1,811 feet/552 m). Sleepy Creek Mountain is conjoined with Third Hill Mountain at "Locks-of-the-Mountain". From "Locks-of-the-Mountain", the Meadow Branch of Sleepy Creek is formed flowing northward between the two mountain ridges. North of this point, Sleepy Creek Mountain reaches its highest summit at 1,905 feet (580 m). East of Johnsons Mill, Whites Gap (1,492 feet/454 m) is formed in mountain. With Sleepy Creek on its western flank, and Meadow Branch to its eastern flank, Sleepy Creek Mountain is then located entirely in Morgan County. Sleepy Creek Mountain's northern end lies at the confluence of Sleepy Creek and its Meadow Branch. Just south of the its northern terminus, on the eastern flank is the Devils Nose Rock formation (not to be confused with the nearby Devil's Nose Mountain), which juts out into the Meadow Branch gorge forcing a sharp bend in the creek.
Flora and Fauna.
Sleepy Creek Mountain is entirely forested with its woodlands consisting of oaks, hickories, and Virginia pine. Deer, wild turkey, grouse, squirrel, and raccoon are all prevalent species on the mountain ridge.

</doc>
<doc id="2854515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854515" title="Dark•Matter">
Dark•Matter

Dark•Matter is a science fiction/conspiracy theory campaign setting that was originally published in 1999 by Wizards of the Coast as the second campaign setting for the "Alternity" role-playing game. It was written by Wolfgang Baur and Monte Cook. It was later converted to "d20 Modern" rules and published as a stand-alone book in 2006.
Development.
Wolfgang Baur did considerable research into the occult, UFO, and government conspiracy theories in preparation for writing the "Dark•Matter" game.
Background.
In the setting, the Hoffman Institute is an organization which investigates strange creatures and phenomena. The players take on the roles of members of this organization, and delve into the supernatural and mysterious. The premise of the game is that nearly every strange or supernatural story ever widely told is true, but a web of conspiracies and secret organizations hide this truth from the average person.
This premise was not unique to "Dark•Matter", having first been used as the basis for a role-playing game in "Bureau 13".
Contents.
The original book was hardbound with 288 pages illustrated in color. It was divided into chapters covering the background of the "Dark•Matter" setting to include an introduction to the Hoffmann Institute, hero creation, magic and psionics, history of the setting, the Illuminati, and places of interest. Highlights include:
Accessories and Novels.
There were four accessories produced for the setting. Three of them were published in perfect bound paperback format and one was published as an electronic PDF file. There were also various articles published in "Dungeon" magazine and "Dragon" magazine.
"The Dark•Matter Arms and Equipment Guide" provided a more detailed list of equipment appropriate to the setting.
"The Xenoforms Book" provided many more supernatural and alien creatures from myth and folklore to add to a campaign.
"The Killing Jar" was the first adventure published after those provided in the main rulebook.
The final book, which was provided as an electronic PDF, is "The Final Church". It is a combination sourcebook and adventure. It provides information on the organization known as The Final Church and pits the characters against them.
There were five novels written for the setting although only four of them actually saw print. The fifth was offered as an electronic PDF file for a short period of time. In order the books were:
1. "In Hollow Houses", by Gary A. Braunbeck
2. "If Whispers Call", by Don Bassingthwaite
3. "In Fluid Silence", by G. W. Tirpa
4. "Of Aged Angels", by Monte Cook
5. "By Dust Consumed", by Don Bassingthwaite (only available for a short period of time as a pdf file)
"d20 Modern" system.
Some of the "Dark•Matter" material has since been incorporated into the "d20 Modern" role-playing game and its "d20 Menace Manual" supplement.
"Dark•Matter" was first converted into a "d20 Modern" campaign in "Dungeon" #108/"Polyhedron" #163 as "Dark•Matter: Shades of Grey". In September 2006, "Dark•Matter" was officially made into a "d20 Modern" campaign setting with the publication of "d20 Dark•Matter".

</doc>
<doc id="2854517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854517" title="London Oratory">
London Oratory

The London Oratory is a Catholic oratory, a community of lay-brothers, and the name given to the London Congregation of the Oratory of Saint Philip Neri. It is housed in an Oratory House, next to the Church of the Immaculate Heart of Mary in the Brompton Road, Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea, London, SW7. 
There are two other Oratories in the UK, the Birmingham Oratory and the Oxford Oratory.
Origins.
The London Oratory was founded in 1849, the year after John Henry Cardinal Newman established the Birmingham Oratory, when Newman sent Frederick Faber and some companions, including Thomas Francis Knox, to start an Oratory in London. The original premises (a former whisky store) were in King William Street (now William IV Street), near Charing Cross. In 1854 the community moved to its present Brompton Road site, adjacent to the Victoria and Albert Museum. An Oratory House was built in 1854, followed by a large temporary church. The church was replaced in 1884 by the present neo-baroque building, designed by Herbert Gribble. Until the opening of Westminster Cathedral in 1903, the London Oratory was the venue for all great Catholic occasions in London, including the funeral of Cardinal Manning in 1892. 
Together with their Church of the Immaculate Heart of Mary, the community of the Oratorian Fathers is often popularly, though incorrectly, referred to as the 'Brompton Oratory'.
Oratorian Fathers.
The Oratorian Fathers are a congregation of secular priests living a community life together, bound together not by vows, but by the internal bond of charity and by the external bonds of a common life and rule, dominated by prayer and ministry to their city. There are several masses offered each day and private masses are available by arrangement, as are weddings and funerals. Confessions are also heard daily and priests are always available for counsel and advice. The London Oratory, which is currently served by three choirs, is famous in particular for the solemn celebration of the Roman liturgy, especially in Latin, and for its preservation of the traditional place of music in the liturgy.
Popular culture.
The singer/songwriter Nick Cave wrote a lovesong called "Brompton Oratory", set outside and inside the London Oratory, which is included in the Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds' album The Boatman's Call.

</doc>
<doc id="2854525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854525" title="Taungurong">
Taungurong

The Taungurong people, also known as the "Daung Wurrung", were nine clans who spoke the Daungwurrung language and were part of the Kulin alliance of indigenous Australians. They lived to the north of and were closely associated with the Woiwurrung speaking Wurundjeri people. Their territory was to the north of the Great Dividing Range in the watersheds of the Broken, Delatite, Coliban, Goulburn and Campaspe Rivers. They were also known by white settlers as the "Devil's River Tribe" or "Goulburn River Tribe".
The Taungurong people used the King and Howqua River valleys as a major route for trade or war between tribes. The Howqua River valley contains a number of archaeological sites of significance including at least two quarry sites for greenstone, an exceptionally hard rock used for stone axes, spears and other cutting tools which the Taungurong traded with other tribes.
A raiding party of up to 40 Taungurong is believed to have been killed in May–June 1839 on Dja Dja Wurrung territory at the Campaspe Plains massacre.
In February 1859 some "Wurundjeri" elders, led by Simon Wonga (aged 35) and brother Tommy Munnering (aged 24) petitioned Protector William Thomas to secure land on behalf of the Taungurong clans for the Kulin at the junction of the Acheron and Goulburn rivers in Taungurong territory. Initial representations to the Victorian Government were positive, however the intervention of the most powerful squatter in Victoria, Hugh Glass, resulted in their removal to a colder site, Mohican Station, which was not suitable for agricultural land and had to be abandoned.
In March 1863 after three years of upheaval, the surviving leaders, among them Simon Wonga and William Barak, led forty "Wurundjeri", "Taungurong" (Goulburn River) and "Bun warrung" people over the Black Spur and squatted on a traditional camping site on Badger Creek near Healesville and requested ownership of the site. This became Coranderrk Station.

</doc>
<doc id="2854528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854528" title="Le Journal (Paris)">
Le Journal (Paris)

Le Journal (The Journal) was a Paris daily newspaper published from 1892 to 1944 in a small, four-page format.
It was founded and edited by Fernand Arthur Pierre Xau until 1899. It was bought and managed by the family of Henri Letellier in 1899 and became "the most Parisian, the most literary, and the most boulevardier of the newspapers of Paris" (Simon Arbellot, see Curnonsky).
During World War I, The Journal was at the center of an intrigue involving Paul Bolo, the essence of which was that the German government was alleged to be attempting to gain influence in France and promote pacifist propaganda by buying French newspapers.
After the fall of Paris on June 14, 1940, it fell back to Limoges, then Marseille, then Limoges again, and finally Lyon.
It had various supplements: "Le Journal pour tous", 1891–1906; "La Mode du Journal", 1896–1898; "La Vraie mode", 1898–1913; "Le Journal (Édition du littoral)", 1907–1911.

</doc>
<doc id="2854540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854540" title="Farm Credit Act of 1933">
Farm Credit Act of 1933

The Farm Credit Act of 1933 () established the Farm Credit System (FCS) as a group of cooperative lending institutions to provide short-, intermediate-, and long-term loans for agricultural purposes. Specifically, it authorized the Farm Credit Administration (FCA) to create 12 Production Credit Associations (PCAs) and 12 Banks for Cooperatives (BCs) alongside the 12 established Federal Land Banks (FLBs), as well as a Central Bank for Cooperatives.

</doc>
<doc id="2854553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854553" title="IEEE 802.11w-2009">
IEEE 802.11w-2009

IEEE 802.11w-2009 is an approved amendment to the IEEE 802.11 standard to increase the security of its management frames.
Protected Management Frames.
Current 802.11 standard defines "frame" types for use in management and control of wireless links. IEEE 802.11w is the Protected Management Frames standard for the IEEE 802.11 family of standards. TGw is working on improving the IEEE 802.11 Medium Access Control layer. The objective of this is to increase the security by providing data confidentiality of management frames, mechanisms that enable data integrity, data origin authenticity, and replay protection. These extensions will have interactions with IEEE 802.11r and IEEE 802.11u
Which frames are Not protected.
Infeasible/Not possible to protect the frame which are sent before 4-ways handshake because it is sent prior to key establishment
Infeasible to protect 
– Any Management frame that is sent before key establishment is infeasible to be protected
– The Management Frames, which are sent after key establishment, can be protected
Which frames are protected(PMF).
Protection-capable management frames are those which are sent after key establishment and can be protected using existing protection key hierarchy in 802.11 and its amendments
Only TKIP/AES frames are protected and WEP/open frames are not protected
Protection-capable Management Frames are protected by the same cipher suite as an ordinary Data MPDU
Usage.
The 802.11w standard is implemented in Linux and BSD's as part of the 80211mac driver code base which is used by several wireless driver interfaces i.e ath9k. The feature is easily enabled in most recent kernels and Linux OS's using these combinations. Openwrt in particular provides an easy toggle as part of the base distribution. The feature has been implemented for the first time into Microsoft operating systems in Windows 8. This has caused a number of compatibility issues particularly with wireless access points that are not compatible with the standard. Rolling back the wireless adapter driver to one from Windows 7 usually fixes the issue.
Wireless LANs send system management information in unprotected frames, which makes them vulnerable. This standard will protect against network disruption caused by malicious systems that forge disassociation requests that appear to be sent by valid equipment.

</doc>
<doc id="2854560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854560" title="Helke Sander">
Helke Sander

Helke Sander (born January 31, 1937 in Berlin) is a German feminist film director and writer.
Sander attended a drama school in Hamburg. While married to Finnish writer Markku Lahtela, with whom she had a son, she worked as director at the worker's theatre and for Finnish television. She returned to Berlin in 1965. 
From 1966 to 1969, she studied at the newly founded film school 'Deutsche Film und Fernsehakademie'. Sanders' work in cinema is very closely linked to her political engagement as a feminist. In 1968, she co-founded the "Aktionsrat zu Befreiung der Frauen" (Action Committee on the Liberation of Women). In September 1968, she participated at the conference of the Socialist Students Association (SDS). Her speech, in which she criticized her male colleagues for their sexist attitudes, was yelled at.
Together with Claudia von Aleman, she organized the feminist film conference 'Erste internationale Frauenfilmseminar' which took place in 1973 in Berlin. In 1974, she founded Frauen und Film (journal), the first feminist European film journal, which she edited until 1981. Her film The All-Around Reduced Personality is among the most important German feminist films of the 1970s. Her 1992 film, "BeFreier und BeFreite" (Liberators Take Liberties), on rape committed by soldiers of the Red Army was very controversial.
Films.
Director (28 titles) 

</doc>
<doc id="2854564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854564" title="Postřižinské">
Postřižinské

Postřižinské is a brand of beer produced by the Nymburk Brewery in the Czech Republic. Its name comes from Bohumil Hrabal's book "Postřižiny" (translated into English as "Cutting It Short"), later (1980) made into a well-known film by Jiří Menzel. Bohumil Hrabal spent his childhood in Nymburk as a stepson of the brewery's manager.

</doc>
<doc id="2854570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854570" title="Sudeep Sen">
Sudeep Sen

Sudeep Sen (born 1964) is an award winning Indian English poet and editor living in London and New Delhi.
Life and work.
Sen studied at St Columba's School and read literature at Hindu College, University of Delhi. As an Inlaks Scholar, he received a master's degree from the Graduate School of Journalism at Columbia University in New York. Sen was an international poet-in-residence at the Scottish Poetry Library in Edinburgh, and a visiting scholar at Harvard University. 
His books include "Postcards from Bangladesh", "Prayer Flag", "Distracted Geographies", and "Rain". He has edited anthologies including: "The HarperCollins Book of English Poetry by Indians" (2011), "World Literature Today Writing from Modern India" (2010),"The Literary Review Indian Poetry" (2009) and "Midnight's Grandchildren: Post-Independence English Poetry from India" (2004). His work appears in anthologies such as "Indian Love Poems" (2005), "New Writing 15" (2007), "Language for a New Century: Contemporary Poetry from the Middle East, Asia and Beyond" (2008) and "Initiate: An Anthology of New Oxford Writing" (2010). Sen has been translated into several languages including Arabic, Bengali, Czech, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Hebrew, Hindi, Hungarian, Italian, Korean, Macedonian, Malayalam, Persian, Romanian, Slovenian, Spanish, Swedish, and Turkish. Sen's writings have appeared in newspapers, magazines, journals, and broadcast on radio and television. They include: the "Times Literary Supplement", "The Guardian", "The Independent", "The Financial Times", "Poetry Review", "Literary Review" and the "Harvard Review". He has broadcast on BBC World (TV), BBC Radio, PBS, Radio Tehran and Radio Jerusalem. He has written, edited & translated over 30 books and chapbooks.
Sen has received a Hawthornden Fellowship (UK) and was nominated for a Pushcart Prize (US) for poems included in "Postmarked India: New & Selected Poems" (HarperCollins). He won an A. K. Ramanujan Translation Award.
Sen has directed or co-directed several short films and documentaries, including "Rhythm", "White Shoe Story", "Woman of a Thousand Fires", "Babylon is Dying: Diary of Third Street" (nominated for a student Emmy Award), and "Flying Home".
Sen is the member of The Plimpton Circle of "The Paris Review", curator of the 'World Poetry Portfolio' series for "Molossus", and serves on the editorial boards of "The Literary Review", "International Literary Quarterly", "Orient Express" and "New Quest". In 2008 he was appointed director of the Delhi International Literary Festival. In 2010, he was the first foreign co-judge for the Arvon Foundation International Poetry Competition. He is the editorial director of Aark Arts publishers and editor of "Atlas".

</doc>
<doc id="2854574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854574" title="Aishel">
Aishel

Aishel (or Eshel), is a Hebrew word found in Genesis 21:33. The full passage says, "He planted an "aishel" in Beer-Sheba, and there he proclaimed the name of God of the Universe." 
There are various Talmudic interpretations of the word "aishel", but all agree that Abraham's intention was to provide hospitality. Rav understands it to mean an orchard to provide food for wayfarers. Shmuel interprets it as an inn, since the Hebrew letters "aishel" ("aleph", "shin", "lamed") is an acronym for "Achila" ("feeding"), "Shtiya" ("drinking"), and "Linah" ("lodging").

</doc>
<doc id="2854583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854583" title="W. Lloyd Warner">
W. Lloyd Warner

William Lloyd Warner (October 26, 1898 – May 23, 1970) was a pioneering socio-anthropologist noted for applying the techniques of his discipline to contemporary American culture.
Career at Harvard.
Warner received his B.A. from the University of California, Berkeley in 1925. After serving as a researcher for the Rockefeller Foundation and the Australian National Research Council (1926–1929), Warner enrolled at Harvard (1929–1935) as a graduate student in the Department of Anthropology and the Graduate School of Business School Administration. His first book, "A Black Civilization: A Social Study of an Australian Tribe" (1937), followed the conventional anthropological path of studying so-called "primitive people."
During his years at Harvard, he became a member of a group of social scientists, led by Australian social psychologist Elton Mayo, who were exploring the social and psychological dimensions of industrial settings. Mayo, the father of the Human Relations Movement, is best known for his discovery of the Hawthorne Effect in the course of his motivational research at the Western Electric Company. (On Warner's association with Mayo, see [http://www.analytictech.com/mb119/chap2c.htm]).
Career in Chicago.
In 1935, he was appointed professor of anthropology and sociology at the University of Chicago, where he remained until 1959, when he was appointed professor of social research at Michigan State University. During his Chicago years, Warner's research included important studies of black communities in Chicago and the rural South, of a New England community ("Yankee City"/Newburyport, MA), and a Midwestern community ("Jonesville"). In addition to these community studies, Warner researched business leaders and government administrators, as well as producing important books on race, religion, and American society.
Warner's Yankee City study was undoubtedly the most ambitious and sustained examination of an American community ever undertaken. Warner and his team of researchers occupied Newburyport for nearly a decade, conducting exhaustive interviews and surveys. Ultimately, the study produced 5 volumes: "The Social Life of a Modern Community" (1941), "The Status System of a Modern Community" (1942), "The Social Systems of American Ethnic Groups" (1945), "The Social System of a Modern Factory" (1947), and "The Living and the Dead: A Study in the Symbolic Life of Americans" (1959).
Criticisms.
One of the most scathing critiques of Warner's methods came not from a fellow social scientist, but from popular novelist John Phillips Marquand. A Newburyport native with deep roots in the town, Marquand was annoyed by Warner's efforts to quantify and generalize people and experiences whose particularity served as the basis for several of his novels. In "Point of No Return" (1947), Marquand mercilessly lampooned Warner (the character Malcolm Bryant) and his work.
Marquand was generally scornful of academics - for instance his cruel portrayal of literature scholar Alan Southby in "Wickford Point" (1939) - but his animus for Warner was personal. In Warner's deterministic vision of American culture, a small town boy like the "Point of No Return" protagonist Charles Gray would have had little hope of breaking free of the bonds of his provincial lower-upper-class status. That Marquand himself, like Charles Gray, was able to do so seemed a clear refutation of Bryant/Warner's fatalistic theorizing and facile status taxonomies.
Despite his impressive productivity and wide range of interests, Warner's work has long been out of fashion. An empiricist in an era when the social disciplines were increasingly theoretical, fascinated with economic and social inequality in a time when Americans were eager to deny its significance, and implicitly skeptical of the possibilities of legislating social change at a time when many social scientists were eager to be policymakers, Warner's focus on uncomfortable subjects made his work unfashionable. Warner's interest in communities — when the social science mainstream was stressing the importance of urbanization — and religion — when the fields' leaders were aggressively secularist — also helped to marginalize him. Recent work finds cause to celebrate Warner's work and his career. (See McCracken, Grant. 1988. Ever dearer in our thoughts: patina and the representation of status before and after the 18th century. Culture and Consumption. Bloomington: Indiana University Press, pp. 41–42.)
Relevance to modern anthropology.
Events of the past decade have given Warner's work new relevance, particularly to study of Social class in the United States. His community studies offer invaluable evidence for scholars investigating social capital, civic engagement, civil society, and the role of religion in public life (Verba, Brady & Schlozman 1995; Putnam 1999; Theda Skocpol 1999). His studies of class, race, and inequality grow more timely as the deep inequities of American society grow more evident.

</doc>
<doc id="2854586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854586" title="Blaster Bates">
Blaster Bates

Blaster Bates was the name used by Derek Macintosh Bates (5 February 1923 – 1 September 2006), an English explosives and demolition expert and raconteur, who was born in Crewe. He made a series of sound recordings from the 1960s to 1980s, recounting bizarre and funny experiences from his long career, and tales of his hobbies of motorcycling, hunting and shooting. He was much in demand as an after-dinner speaker. His tales feature coarse language and their content is equally strong stuff for the period: once, for instance, he was hired to clear out a farm's septic tank using explosives, an episode Bates described as "The Shower of Shit Over Cheshire".
Bates served with the Royal Air Force during the Second World War as a Handley Page Halifax bomber pilot, and then learned his explosives skills as a bomb disposal specialist. After the war he returned to his previous employer Rolls Royce, hoping to resume his old job, but was told "We're cutting down, you know". Bates then started his own demolition business, drawing on his wartime expertise. He later noted that it was a good decision, as "over the years I've managed to do all right while they've Rolls Royce gone steadily bust".
He was known for carrying sticks of explosive in his pockets, even producing them while giving testimony in trials, to the horror of the court. Most high explosives are harmless unless used with a detonator, but this is not generally understood.
In August 2006 Bates was admitted to hospital suffering from congestive heart failure, and on 1 September 2006 he died aged 83 after a long battle with diabetes. He was buried at St Mary's church in Sandbach town centre.
Recordings.
Currently available CD re-releases in the UK.
Original LP & Cassette Releases Label - Big Ben 
Video
Other known recordings
Bootlegs
Book
BBC TV Appearances or Contributions

</doc>
<doc id="2854589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854589" title="Broad River">
Broad River

Broad River may refer to several rivers:
In Canada:
In the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="2854616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854616" title="Electronic dictionary">
Electronic dictionary

An electronic dictionary is a dictionary whose data exists in digital form and can be accessed through a number of different media. Electronic dictionaries can be found in several forms, including:
Overview.
Most types of dictionary are available in electronic form. These include general-purpose monolingual and bilingual dictionaries, historical dictionaries such as the "Oxford English Dictionary", monolingual learner's dictionaries, and specialized dictionaries of every type, such as medical or legal dictionaries, thesauruses, travel dictionaries, dictionaries of idioms, and pronunciation guides.
Most of the early electronic dictionaries were, in effect, print dictionaries made available in digital form: the content was identical, but the electronic editions provided users with more powerful search functions. But soon the opportunities offered by digital media began to be exploited. Two obvious advantages are that limitations of space (and the need to optimize its use) become less pressing, so additional content can be provided; and the possibility arises of including multimedia content, such as audio pronunciations and video clips.
Electronic dictionary databases, especially those included with software dictionaries are often extensive and can contain up to 500,000 headwords and definitions, verb conjugation tables, and a grammar reference section. Bilingual electronic dictionaries and monolingual dictionaries of inflected languages often include an interactive verb conjugator, and are capable of word stemming and lemmatization.
Publishers and developers of electronic dictionaries may offer native content from their own lexicographers, licensed data from print publications, or both, as in the case of Babylon offering premium content from Merriam Webster, and Ultralingua offering additional premium content from Collins, Masson, and Simon & Schuster, and Paragon Software offering original content from Duden, Britannica, Harrap, Merriam-Webster and Oxford.
Writing systems.
As well as Latin script, electronic dictionaries are also available in logographic and right-to-left scripts, including Arabic, Persian, Chinese, Devanagari, Greek, Hebrew, Japanese, Korean, Cyrillic, and Thai.
Dictionary software.
Dictionary software generally far exceeds the scope of the hand held dictionaries. Many publishers of traditional printed dictionaries such as Langenscheidt, Collins-Reverso, OED – Oxford English Dictionary, Duden, American Heritage, and Hachette, offer their resources for use on desktop and laptop computers. These programs can either be downloaded or purchased on CD-ROM and installed. Other dictionary software is available from specialised electronic dictionary publishers such as iFinger, Abbyy Lingvo, Collins-Ultralingua, Mobile Systems and Paragon Software. Some electronic dictionaries provide an online discussion forum moderated by the software developers and lexicographers
Electronic dictionaries in East Asia.
The well-known brands, such as "Instant-Dict" (快譯通), "Besta" (好易通), and "Golden Global View" (文曲星), includes basic functions like dictionaries, TTS, calculator, calendar etc. They also have functions other than just dictionary, for example, MP3 player, Video player, web browser (WiFi), and simple games. Some also support Adobe Flash (SWF files). Most of them usually will have a touch screen, Qwerty keyboard, a speaker, SD card slot, and sometimes microphone and camera also, for example, MD8500 from Instant-Dict. Their functions can even be comparable to smartphones, with the exception of phone capabilities since they do not have radios to make or receive make phone calls.
Handheld dictionaries or PEDs.
Handheld electronic dictionaries, also known as "pocket electronic dictionaries" or PEDs, resemble miniature clamshell laptop computers, complete with full keyboards and LCD screens. Because they are intended to be fully portable, the dictionaries are battery-powered and made with durable casing material. Although produced all over the world, handheld dictionaries are especially popular in Japan, Korea, China, and neighbouring countries, where they are the dictionary of choice for many users learning English as a second language.
Some of the features of hand held dictionaries include stroke order animations, voice output, handwriting recognition for Kanji and Kana, language-learning programs, a calculator, PDA-like organizer functions, encyclopedias, time zone and currency converters, and crossword puzzle solvers. Dictionaries that contain data for several languages may have a "jump" or "skip-search" feature that allows users to move between the dictionaries when looking up words, and a reverse translation action that allows further look-ups of words displayed in the results.
Many manufacturers produce hand held dictionaries that use licenced dictionary content that use a database such as the Merriam Webster Dictionary and Thesaurus while others may use a proprietary database from their own lexicographers. Many devices can be expanded for several languages with the purchase of additional memory cards. Manufacturers include AlfaLink, Atree, Besta, Casio, Canon, Instant Dict, Ectaco, Franklin, Iriver, Lingo, Maliang Cyber Technology, Compagnia Lingua Ltd., Nurian, Seiko, and Sharp.
Dictionaries on mobile devices.
Dictionaries of all types are available as apps for smartphones and for tablet computers such as Apple's iPad, the BlackBerry PlayBook and the Motorola Xoom. The needs of translators and language learners are especially well catered for, with apps for bilingual dictionaries for numerous language pairs, and for most of the well-known monolingual learner's dictionaries such as the "Longman Dictionary of Contemporary English"and the "Macmillan English Dictionary"[http://www.macmillandictionary.com/apps/.
Online dictionaries.
There are several types of online dictionary, including:
Some online dictionaries are regularly updated, keeping abreast of language change. Many have additional content, such as blogs and features on new words. Some are collaborative projects, most notably Wiktionary[http://en.wiktionary.org and the Collins Online Dictionary[http://www.collinsdictionary.com]. And some, like the Urban Dictionary, consist of entries (sometimes self-contradictory) supplied by users.
Many dictionaries for special purposes, especially for professional and trade terminology, and regional dialects and language variations, are published on the websites of organizations and individual authors. Although they may often be presented in list form without a search function, because of the way in which the information is stored and transmitted, they are nevertheless electronic dictionaries.
Evaluation.
There are differences in quality of hardware (hand held devices), software (presentation and performance), and dictionary content. Some hand helds are more robustly constructed than others, and the keyboards or touch screen input systems should be physically compared before purchase. The information on the GUI of computer based dictionary software ranges from complex and cluttered, to clear and easy-to-use with user definable preferences including font size and colour.
A major consideration is the quality of the lexical database. Dictionaries intended for collegiate and professional use generally include most or all of the lexical information to be expected in a quality printed dictionary. The content of electronic dictionaries developed in association with leading publishers of printed dictionaries is more reliable that those aimed at the traveler or casual user, while bilingual dictionaries that have not been authored by teams of native speaker lexicographers for each language, will not be suitable for academic work. 
Some developers opt to have their products evaluated by an independent academic body such as the CALICO.
Another major consideration is that the devices themselves and the dictionaries in them are generally designed for a particular market. As an example, almost all handheld Japanese-English electronic dictionaries are designed for people with native fluency in Japanese who are learning and using English; thus, Japanese words do not generally include furigana pronunciation glosses, since it is assumed that the reader is literate in Japanese (headwords of entries do have pronunciation, however). Further, the primary manner to look up words is by pronunciation, which makes looking up a word with unknown pronunciation difficult (for example, one would need to know that 網羅 "comprehensive" is pronounced もうら, "moura" to look it up directly). However, higher end Japanese dictionaries include character recognition, so users (native speakers of Japanese or not) can look up words by writing the kanji.
Similar limitations exist in most two or multi-language dictionaries and can be especially crippling when the languages are not written in the same script or alphabet; it's important to find a dictionary optimized for the user's native language.
Integrated technology.
Several developers of the systems that drive electronic dictionary software offer API and SDK – Software Development Kit tools for adding various language-based (dictionary, translation, definitions, synonyms, and spell checking and grammar correction) functions to programs, and web services such as the AJAX API used by Google. These applications manipulate language in various ways, providing dictionary/translation features, and sophisticated solutions for semantic search. They are often available as a C++ API, an XML-RPC server, a .NET API, or as a Python API for many operating systems (Mac, Windows, Linux, etc.) and development environments, and can also be used for indexing other kinds of data.

</doc>
<doc id="2854620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854620" title="Farnborough (Main) railway station">
Farnborough (Main) railway station

Farnborough (Main) railway station serves the town of Farnborough in Hampshire, England. The station, and all trains serving it, are operated by South West Trains. It is one of two stations serving Farnborough: the other, Farnborough North, is situated on the North Downs Line. The station is mostly known as Farnborough (Main) in order to distinguish it from Farnborough North, including by National Rail and South West Trains, although often signposted as simply Farnborough.
The station is situated on the South Western Main Line, which has four tracks running through the station. There are two platforms on the outer pair of tracks, while the centre pair of tracks are used by fast trains.
History.
Farnborough railway station was opened in 1838 by the London and South Western Railway (then the London and Southampton Railway), on the line from London to Winchfield (then Shapley Heath). The next year, the line was extended to Basingstoke, then the next year it was connected to Southampton. Throughout its life, Farnborough was a through station.
In 1849, South Eastern Railway built the North Downs Line, and opened a station also known as Farnborough, but it was not renamed as its existing name Farnborough North until 1923. The main line railway station was often known as Farnborough (Main) and this has become its official name. It is referred to as simply 'Farnborough' on platform and road signs, but National Rail and South West Trains officially use the suffix (though not on timetables). It was sometimes advertised as 'Farnborough for Aldershot' at an early stage.
As with Hook and Winchfield, there is a wide gap between the tracks. Originally, an island platform stood between them. When the railway was quadrupled, the existing up track became the down fast. The former up platform, an island which had a loop line running behind it was demolished with the loop line becoming the up fast. The new up slow line and a new platform for up services were built at this time (early 1900s).
One source suggests that it may have been used by Queen Victoria to get to Windsor Castle, though the main station she used for Windsor was Slough until Windsor got its own station.
In 2011, the forecourt underwent refurbishment to add two lifts to the platforms plus a new transport interchange complete with taxi rank, three new bus stops and a large bicycle shelter. As of March 2012, this work has been completed and the station building is being refurbished.
Facilities.
On site, there are two coffee shops, a Londis newsagent, a waiting room on each platform, both a part-time ticket office and electronic ticket machines, smart card travel and bicycle racks.

</doc>
<doc id="2854621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854621" title="Themed Entertainment Association">
Themed Entertainment Association

The Themed Entertainment Association (TEA) is an international non-profit association that represents creators, developers, designers and producers of themed entertainment. Its mission, as stated in its bylaws, is to facilitate dialogue and communication among its members, to stimulate knowledge and professional growth, and to expand the size, diversity and awareness of the themed entertainment industry.
Thea award.
The Themed Entertainment Association annually presents the "Thea" award to projects whose achievement has been determined to be of "outstanding" quality. The award is for people or parks in the themed entertainment industry, selected by people from the industry.
18th Annual Thea Award Recipients.
In 2012, Theas were awarded to the following:
17th Annual Thea Award Recipients.
In 2011, Theas were awarded to the following:
16th Annual Thea Award Recipients.
In 2010, Theas were awarded to the following:
15th Annual Thea Award Recipients.
In 2009, Theas were awarded to the following:
14th Annual Thea Award Recipients.
In 2008, Thea Awards for Outstanding Achievement were awarded to the following:
13th Annual Thea Award Recipients.
In 2007, Theas were awarded to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="2854627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854627" title="Raye Hollitt">
Raye Hollitt

Raye Hollitt (born April 17, 1964) is an American actress and female bodybuilder, also known by her stage name Zap, one of the original cast members of "American Gladiators". She was born in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania.
Biography.
Raye Hollitt appeared in Season 1 of "American Gladiators" in 1989, taking off the second season (1990–91) for maternity leave, before returning for Season 3 and continuing on the show through 1995. She reappeared for an alumni show in the final season (1995–96).
Hollitt married actor Ted Prior in 1990. Ted remarried in 1992 and has three children, as well as, their daughter, Teddi Rae. She is not married to date.
Before she was famous as Zap, Hollitt was a contestant on the game show "Card Sharks".

</doc>
<doc id="2854628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854628" title="Ambient space">
Ambient space

An ambient space or ambient configuration space is the space surrounding an object.
Mathematics.
In mathematics, especially in geometry and topology, an "ambient space" is the space surrounding a mathematical object. For example, a line may be studied in isolation, or it may be studied as an object in two-dimensional space — in which case the ambient space is the plane, or as an object in three-dimensional space — in which case the ambient space is three-dimensional. To see why this makes a difference, consider the statement "Lines that never meet are necessarily parallel." This is true if the ambient space is two-dimensional, but false if the ambient space is three-dimensional, because in the latter case the lines could be skew lines, rather than parallel.

</doc>
<doc id="2854629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854629" title="Antonia Terzi">
Antonia Terzi

Antonia Terzi (born April 29, 1971, Modena, Italy) is an Italian aerodynamicist who has worked for the Ferrari and Williams Formula One teams.
Terzi worked in the design department at Ferrari under Rory Byrne until 2002 when she was recruited by Williams to become the team's chief aerodynamicist. Terzi resigned from Williams in November 2004 and was succeeded by ex-Prost designer Loïc Bigois.
She is currently employed as assistant professor by The Delft University of Technology, working together with Professor Ockels at the Faculty of Aerospace Engineering. She now is the chief vehicle designer of the TU Delft Superbus.

</doc>
<doc id="2854638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854638" title="Soyuz TMA-8">
Soyuz TMA-8

Soyuz TMA-8 was a Soyuz mission to the International Space Station (ISS) launched by a Soyuz FG launch vehicle.
Crew.
Soyuz TMA-8 was a transport mission for portions of the International Space Station (ISS) "Expedition 13" crew. The flight delivered ISS Commander Pavel Vinogradov and ISS Flight Engineer Jeffrey Williams to the station to replace "Expedition 12" crew members. Flight Engineer Marcos Pontes joined the TMA-8 crew for the ascent and docking with ISS, spent approximately seven days aboard the ISS conducting experiments, then returned to Earth with the outgoing members of "Expedition 12" aboard Soyuz TMA-7. Vinogradov and Williams were joined on their return trip to Earth by Spaceflight Participant Anousheh Ansari who launched aboard Soyuz TMA-9 and spent approximately eight days aboard ISS conducting experiments for the European Space Agency.
Mission highlights.
29th manned flight to ISS (Flight 12S)
Soyuz TMA-8 is a Soyuz spacecraft which was launched on March 30, 2006 by a Soyuz-FG rocket from the Baikonur Cosmodrome. Near the end of second stage burn, a communications blackout occurred at Moscow Mission Control. A satellite link was lost, but was restored about 10 minutes later. The crew was safe throughout the loss of communications.
The spacecraft carried two members of the Expedition 13 crew to the International Space Station, together with Marcos Pontes, the first Brazilian in space. The Brazilian government paid Russia approximately $20 million (USD) for Pontes' flight. They replaced the Expedition 12 crew, Commander William McArthur and Valery Ivanovich Tokarev. Together with the Expedition 12 crew, Marcos Pontes returned to Earth on board Soyuz TMA-7.
Soyuz TMA-8 returned to Earth, together with Expedition 13, the spaceflight participant launched with Soyuz TMA-9, Anousheh Ansari.

</doc>
<doc id="2854648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854648" title="Le Car">
Le Car

Le Car may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2854664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854664" title="Guma guar">
Guma guar

Guma guar is a politically active artist's collective in Prague, Czech Republic. They are known for their deconstruction of mass media functions or works on the topics of the "War on Terror". They often connect video art and electronic music, and also performing as VJs.
From 2003, Groupe Guma guar exhibited around Europe - in Museum of Applied Art, Vienna, Museum of Contemporary Art, Bucharest and Prague Biennale 2 and Gallery Futura in Prague.
In February 2008 the group temporarily renamed themselves "the Milan Knížák Group" and staged a show in a shop window near Prague's National Gallery purporting to be by controversial artist and National Gallery director Milan Knížák.

</doc>
<doc id="2854668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854668" title="Alfred Herrhausen">
Alfred Herrhausen

Alfred Herrhausen (30 January 1930, Essen – 30 November 1989) was a German banker and Chairman of Deutsche Bank. From 1971 onwards he was a member of the bank's board of directors. He was a member of the Steering Committee of the Bilderberg Group.
Assassination.
Herrhausen fell victim to a sophisticated roadside bomb shortly after leaving his home in Bad Homburg on 30 November 1989. He was being chauffeured to work in his armoured Mercedes-Benz, with bodyguards in both a lead vehicle and another following behind. The bomb had been hidden in a saddle bag on a bicycle next to the road that the assassins knew Herrhausen would be traveling in his three-car convoy. In the bag was a 7 kg bomb that was detonated when Herrhausen's car interrupted a beam of infrared light as it passed the bicycle. The bomb targeted the most vulnerable area of Herrhausen's car – the door where he was sitting – and required split-second timing to overcome the car's special armour plating. The bomb utilized a Misznay-Schardin mechanism. A copper plate, placed between the explosive and the target, was deformed and projected by the force of the explosion. It is unlikely that this improvised explosive device had the precise engineering required to form the liner into a more effective slug or "carrot" shape (as in a shaped charge or an EFP) but in any case, the detonation resulted in a mass of copper being projected toward the car at a speed of nearly two kilometers per second, effectively penetrating the armoured Mercedes. Herrhausen's legs were severed and he bled to death.
No one has ever been charged with the murder. For a long time, the German federal prosecutor office listed Andrea Klump and Christoph Seidler of the Red Army Faction as the only suspects. The Federal Criminal Police Office (Germany) presented a chief witness Siegfried Nonne who later retracted his statements in which he claimed to have sheltered four terrorists in his home. His half-brother Hugo Föller (died 23 January 1992) furthermore declared that no other persons had been at the flat at the time. On 1 July 1992 German television broadcast Nonne's explanations of how he was coached and threatened by the Verfassungsschutz, the German internal intelligence agency, to become the main witness. In 2004 the federal prosecutor dropped the charges against the Red Army Faction; the investigation was to continue without naming a suspect. Certain German and US media connected the assassination of Alfred Herrhausen to the Staatssicherheitsdienst (Stasi) of the GDR.
The award-winning German documentary movie of 2001 "Black Box BRD" retells the lives and deaths of Alfred Herrhausen and Wolfgang Grams, a Marxist terrorist who was a major suspect in the attack on Herrhausen.

</doc>
<doc id="2854670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854670" title="Genetic use restriction technology">
Genetic use restriction technology

Genetic use restriction technology (GURT), colloquially known as terminator technology or suicide seeds, is the name given to proposed methods for restricting the use of genetically modified plants by causing second generation seeds to be sterile. The technology was developed under a cooperative research and development agreement between the Agricultural Research Service of
the United States Department of Agriculture and Delta and Pine Land company in the 1990s, but it is not yet commercially available.
The technology was discussed during the 8th Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity in Curitiba, Brazil, March 20–31, 2006.
Variants.
There are conceptually two types of GURT:
Opposition.
Terminator seeds were initially developed as a concept by the United States Department of Agriculture and multinational seed companies. As of 2006, they had not been commercialized anywhere in the world due to opposition from farmers, indigenous peoples, NGOs, and some governments. In 2000, the United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity recommended a "de facto" moratorium on field-testing and commercial sale of terminator seeds; the moratorium was re-affirmed and the language strengthened in March 2006, at the COP8 meeting of the UNCBD. India and Brazil have passed national laws to prohibit the technology.
Possible advantages.
Where effective intellectual monopoly, specifically biological patents, doesn't exist or is not enforced, GURTs could be an alternative to stimulate plant developing activities by biotech firms.
Non-viable seeds produced on V-GURT plants may reduce the propagation of volunteer plants. Volunteer plants can become an economic problem for larger-scale mechanized farming systems that incorporate crop rotation.
Under warm, wet harvest conditions non V-GURT grain can sprout, which lowers the quality of grain produced. It is likely that this problem would not occur with the use of V-GURT grain varieties.
Use of V-GURT technology could prevent escape of transgenes into wild relatives and prevent any impact on biodiversity. Crops modified to produce non-food products could be armed with GURT technology to prevent accidental transmission of these traits into crops destined for foods.

</doc>
<doc id="2854673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854673" title="Radio Monte Carlo">
Radio Monte Carlo

Radio Monte Carlo (RMC) is the name of radio stations owned and managed by several different entities:
Perception.
Radio Monte Carlo is considered one of the most popular networks especially in non-European Italian and French-speaking regions for its assumed neutrality. During the Iraq War, it was mentioned by some journalists as a reliable source.
Radio Monte Carlo was founded by the Nazis in March 1942, ceased transmission in June 1944 and back on the air with American help as a joint venture with the Principality of Monaco in August 1944. The French government sold its share to a private holding group in 1998 of Sud Radio and la Depeche du Midi.
Broadcasts in other languages.
Radio Monte Carlo's transmission network includes some high power Longwave and Mediumwave transmitters located at Roumoules in France. For many years the MW unit has been hired out at nighttime to the Middle East Reformed Fellowship through Trans World Radio, with programming in various languages including Arabic and English. In 1970, RMC's transmitters were also used by the short lived British commercial album station Radio Geronimo.
"The World Tomorrow" broadcast.
During the late 1950s The World Tomorrow radio broadcast of Herbert W. Armstrong was carried by Radio Monte Carlo in the English, Spanish and Russian languages. Armstrong claimed that while the "Voice of America" was jammed by the Soviet Union, his Russian-language broadcast was heard loud and clear in Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="2854677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854677" title="Wendy Barrie">
Wendy Barrie

Wendy Barrie (18 April 1912 – 2 February 1978) was a British-born American actress who worked in British and American films.
Early life.
Marguerite Wendy Jenkins was born in Hong Kong to British parents. Her father was a successful lawyer, and she was educated in elite schools in England and Switzerland.
While still in her teens, she began pursuing a career as an actress, helped by her red-gold hair and blue eyes. She adopted the stage name Wendy Barrie, perhaps in honour of "Peter Pan" author J.M. Barrie, who was her godfather. She began her acting life in English theatre, then in 1932 made her screen debut in the film "Threads", which was based upon a play.
Career.
Barrie went on to make a number of motion pictures for London Films under the Korda brothers, Alexander and Zoltan, the best known of which is 1933's "The Private Life of Henry VIII", which starred Charles Laughton, Robert Donat, Merle Oberon, and Elsa Lanchester. Barrie portrayed Jane Seymour.
In 1934, she appeared in "Freedom of the Seas" and was contracted by Fox Film Corporation for a film directed by Scott Darling that was made in Britain. The following year, she moved to the United States and made her first Hollywood film for Fox opposite Spencer Tracy in the romantic comedy "It's a Small World", followed by "Under Your Spell" with Lawrence Tibbett. Loaned to MGM, Barrie starred opposite James Stewart in the 1936 film "Speed". In 1939 she starred with Richard Greene and Basil Rathbone in the 20th Century Fox version of "The Hound of the Baskervilles" and with Lucille Ball in RKO's "Five Came Back". During the early 1940s, Barrie made several of "The Saint" and "The Falcon" mystery films with George Sanders. She made her final motion picture in 1954.
With the dawn of television, in the late 1940s, Barrie turned to roles in that medium. From 17 November 1948 to 9 February 1949, Barrie hosted "Picture This". During 1948 and 1949, she hosted a DuMont Television Network comedy for children featuring a cowboy puppet called "The Adventures of Oky Doky".
However, she is best remembered by national audiences as host of one of the first television talk shows. "The Wendy Barrie Show" debuted in November 1948 on ABC, then ran on DuMont and NBC, ending its run in September 1950. She continued to appear on network television on panel shows and as a guest star in the early 1950s, and also as a spokesperson for commercial products, including a stint as the original Revlon saleswoman on "The $64,000 Question" during its first months on air. Her pitching of Living Lipstick saw that product being sold out across the country. Barrie continued on local TV in New York and hosted a widely syndicated radio interview show into the mid-1960s.
After appearances in more than 15 films in Britain and more than 30 in Hollywood, Wendy Barrie's contribution to the industry was recognized with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at the corner of Hollywood and Vine.
Death.
Barrie, who became a naturalized American citizen in 1942, died in Englewood, New Jersey in 1978, aged 65, following a stroke that had left her debilitated for several years. She was buried in the Kensico Cemetery in Valhalla, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="2854678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854678" title="Return Fire">
Return Fire

Return Fire is a 1995 video game developed by Silent Software, Inc. for the 3DO Interactive Multiplayer and later ported to the PC and PlayStation in 1996. It was preceded by "Fire Power" (1987) and followed by "Return Fire 2" (1998). "Return Fire" is a vehicular shooter from a 3D bird's eye view, in which the player's goal is to capture the enemy flag and return with it to their base. It is remembered as one of the 3DO's "best games" in its Home of the Underdogs entry.
Vehicles.
"Return Fire" has four specialized vehicles, each one with unique abilities for a different mission. Each vehicle can carry a limited amount of fuel and ammo (which can be refilled at ammo tents and fuel depots) and can withstand different amounts of damage.
If a land vehicle runs out of fuel it stops and the driver jumps out and runs away. If a player's vehicle is destroyed, a skull wearing an army helmet materializes, taunting the player with laughter.
Tank.
The Tank is the most flexible land unit. It is highly maneuverable, with a 360° rotating turret and the ability to fire at land or air targets.
The Tank can carry up to 92 shells and can travel the greatest distance of all vehicles on a full fuel tank. Five tank shells are required to neutralize a tower.
Helicopter.
The Helicopter is the fastest vehicle, but it is relatively weak.
The Helicopter can carry up to 96 shells and 48 rockets. It runs out of fuel faster than all other vehicles, and fuel and ammunition cannot be resupplied unless it returns to base. Two rockets or five shells are required to neutralize a tower.
Helicopters can strafe at an angle, a maneuver consuming no fuel (although this can be debated as a glitch). A helicopter may be slightly deflected or stunned momentarily when hit by ammunition.
Heavy Rocket Support Vehicle.
The HRSV/M270 Multiple Launch Rocket System is the most armored vehicle and is able to fire at land or air units as long as they are not too close. It is the slowest moving vehicle, but has the ability to lay mines which can instantly destroy any land vehicle.
The HRSV can carry up to 64 rockets and ten mines. Mines are the only non-restockable ammo, and once placed can only be safely detonated by a rocket from a helicopter. Three HRSV rockets are required to neutralize a tower.
Jeep.
The Jeep/Buggy is the fastest land vehicle and solely possesses the strategic ability to pick, move, and drop flags. Jeeps have the ability to over-inflate their tires and travel across deep water. They are the weakest vehicles, requiring only one hit to destroy. If a Jeep is facing in the direction of the discovered opposing flag, a red light on the dash board will light up and a bell is heard.
The Jeep can carry up to 16 grenades, which have the same strength as a tank shell. Grenades have a more limited range than other ammo. Five grenades are required to neutralize a tower.
Enemies.
As the game is focused on the two player, split-screen mode, the game lacks real AI opponents. Only rotating missile turrets and drones are a regular threat to the player in the single player mode, except if he exceeds the boundaries of the map, where a submarine emerges and fires a heat-seeking missile against the player. Of least danger are infantry troops.
Turret Towers.
Turret Towers belong to either to green or brown team. They are capable of firing missiles at land or air units in any direction. Missiles are as equally powerful as tank shells. Turrets will fire automatically in the direction of an enemy vehicle, sometimes regardless if another structure is in the line of sight. They are usually positioned close to flag positions or on peninsulas connecting walls to slow enemy advancement. The main weakness of a tower is its speed in reloading and rotating, both of which can be taken advantage of by the faster vehicles.
Drones.
These machinegun-wielding Unmanned combat air vehicles arrive on the map if a players vehicle stops moving for too long. It will continue to hail the player with sweeps of bullets until it is destroyed. More drones will arrive if the player persists to remain stationary.
Submarine.
If a player takes a vehicle out of the map into the sea (only possible with the helicopter or jeep), a submarine will surface and launch a single heat-seeking missile towards that players vehicle. However, if the missile finds another target (a drone or the other player helicopter) between him and the player, it will start chasing the closer target instead.
Troops.
Troops escape from critically damaged buildings and belong to either the brown or green team. Armed only with grenades, they flee from player-controlled vehicles even if it means swimming out to sea. They throw grenades in the same fashion as the jeep, at hostile vehicles. They can be killed by helicopter fire, by being run over by a vehicle or by tank shells as they swim for safety.
Music.
The game soundtrack consists exclusively of public domain music such as Richard Wagner's "Ride of the Valkyries" when using the helicopter (in homage to "Apocalypse Now"), Flight of the Bumblebee when driving the jeep, Holst's Mars from The Planets when driving the tank or the "William Tell Overture" by Gioacchino Rossini when riding with the flag. When driving in the Armored Support Vehicle, Edvard Grieg's "In the Hall of the Mountain King" plays. During the opening title screen Verdi's "Dies Irae" plays as the "Return Fire" logo appears, engulfed in flame. At the completion of each level, a sequence of unrelated vintage black and white short clips greets the player.
Unusual events.
Massive explosion.
A massive explosion occurs when both players' HRSVs sit alongside each other and place all their mines on that spot then moving simultaneously.
Parked vehicles.
When a land vehicle runs out of fuel, it becomes invincible and as long as it remains in sight of one player, may sit on that spot until the end of the game.
Helicopter perch.
If a vehicle obstructs the path of a helicopter attempting to land or trying to take off, the helicopter will be suspended in midair and uncontrollable.
Video.
When a level is completed in the PC or PlayStation version a short video clip is shown. One of these is a clip featuring Lou Gehrig's famous "Luckiest Man on the Face of the Earth" speech.
Legacy.
Return Fire was featured in the opening scene of Pauly Shore's In the Army Now.

</doc>
<doc id="2854682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854682" title="Zhang Jianzhi">
Zhang Jianzhi

Zhang Jianzhi (張柬之) (625-706), courtesy name Mengjiang (孟將), formally Prince Wenzhen of Hanyang (漢陽文貞王), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty and Wu Zetian's Zhou Dynasty, serving as chancellor during the reigns of Wu Zetian and her son Emperor Zhongzong. He was a key figure in the coup that overthrew Wu Zetian and restored Emperor Zhongzong in 705, but was later exiled due to false accusations instigated by Wu Zetian's nephew Wu Sansi and died in exile.
Background.
Zhang Jianzhi was born in 625, during the reign of Emperor Gaozu. His family was from Xiang Prefecture (襄州, roughly modern Xiangfan, Hubei). In his youth, he was a student at the imperial university, and he was said to have a broad study in the Confucian classics and history, but particularly favored studying the "Three Rites" (i.e., the "Classic of Rites", the "Rites of Zhou", and the "Yili" "Etiquette and Rites"). He was respected by the principal of the imperial university Linghu Defen. After he passed the imperial examinations, he was made the magistrate of Qingcheng County (青城, in modern Chengdu, Sichuan). However, little further is known about his career until 689, other than that in or before 676, he was serving as the cashier for Li Sujie the Prince of Xun, a son of Emperor Gaozong (Emperor Taizong's son) and Emperor Gaozong's concubine Consort Xiao, who was killed in 655 due to machinations by Emperor Gaozong's second wife Empress Wu (later known as Wu Zetian). Li Sujie, denied the privilege of seeing his father after his mother's death, had written an essay entitled "Commentary on Faithfulness and Filial Piety" (忠孝論), and Zhang secretly submitted the essay to Emperor Gaozong. After Empress Wu read it, it drew her ire, and she falsely accused Li Sujie of corruption and had him demoted and put under house arrest.
In 689, by which time Empress Wu was serving as empress dowager and regent over her son Emperor Ruizong, she held a competition for scholars willing to offer suggestions for the imperial administration. Zhang participated in the competition and was ranked first among the thousands of contestants. She promoted him to be an imperial censor.
During Wu Zetian's reign.
Early in Wu Zetian's "Shengli" era (697-700) (when she was ruling as Empress Regnant of a new Zhou Dynasty, interrupting Tang Dynasty), Zhang Jianzhi was promoted to be "Fengge Sheren" (鳳閣舍人), a mid-level official at the legislative bureau of government (鳳閣, "Fengge"). Around that time, he had a debate with the imperial scholar Wang Yuangan (王元感) over whether the traditional three-year mourning period for a parent's death should be three full years (as Wang advocated) or 25 months—i.e., two full calendar years, extending into the first month of the next year (as Zhang advocated). The people at the time were said to be largely approving Zhang's interpretation.
In 698, Wu Zetian was set to enter into a marriage treaty with Ashina Mochuo, the khan of Eastern Tujue, where her grandnephew Wu Yanxiu (武延秀) the Prince of Huaiyang would marry a daughter of Ashina Mochuo. Zhang opposed, stating, "In ancient times, no Chinese imperial prince had ever married a barbarian woman as his wife." This opposition drew displeasure from Wu Zetian, as she wanted peace with Eastern Tujue, and she demoted Zhang to be the prefect of He Prefecture (合州, modern northern Chongqing). (However, the marriage treaty would be doomed, as Ashina Mochuo, not actually having any intent to give a daughter to Wu Yanxiu or to make peace with Wu Zetian, used the excuse that he had intended to marry his daughter to a prince of the Tang imperial Li clan to instead detain Wu Yanxiu and launch a major attack on Zhou.) Later that year, Zhang was serving as the prefect of Shu Prefecture (蜀州, in modern Chengdu), when he made the suggestion that Shu Prefecture, which was required to send 500 conscript soldiers to take up garrison at Yao Prefecture (姚州, roughly modern Chuxiong Yi Autonomous Prefecture, Yunnan), no longer be required to do so, as the road was treacherous and the conditions were so severe that many would die—and further that no garrison be put up at Yao Prefecture at all, treating it as vassal territory rather than part of Zhou proper. Wu Zetian did not accept his suggestion.
At some time prior to 700, Zhang was serving as the secretary general of Jing Prefecture (荊州, roughly modern Jingzhou, Hubei), when, on one occasion, Wu Zetian was having a conversation with the senior chancellor Di Renjie, asking Di's recommendation for someone with extraordinary talent, to serve as chancellor or general. Di responded, "As far as literary talent is concerned, Your Imperial Majesty already have them in Su Weidao and Li Jiao fellow chancellors, but if you truly want extraordinary talent, I know Zhang Jianzhi, the secretary general of Jing Prefecture. Even though he is old, he is capable of being chancellor." In response, Wu Zetian promoted Zhang to be the military advisor to the prefect of the capital prefecture Luo Prefecture (洛州, roughly modern Luoyang, Henan), sending Yang Yuanyan (楊元琰) to replace him. (When Yang reached Jing Prefecture, Zhang and Yang rowed a boat on the Yangtze River together, and they secretly discussed Wu Zetian's overthrow of Tang Dynasty. During the conversation, Yang expressed sentiment that he wanted to see Tang's restoration—a sentiment that Zhang kept in his mind for later.) A few days after Zhang's promotion, Wu Zetian was again asking Di for a recommendation, and Di responded, "I had just recommended Zhang Jianzhi, and Your Imperial Majesty has not yet promoted him." She responded, "I already did." Di responded, "I recommended a chancellor, not a military advisor." Wu Zetian then, while not promoting Zhang to be chancellor at that time, promoted him to be the deputy minister of justice (秋官侍郎, "Qiuguan Shilang").
In 704, as the chancellor Yao Yuanzhi was set to briefly leave Luoyang to serve as the commander of the forces in the Lingwu region, Wu Zetian also asked him to recommend a talented official. Yao responded, "Zhang Jianzhi is deep-thinking and capable of ruling on great things. He is already old. Please promote him quickly." Wu Zetian therefore gave Zhang the designation "Tong Fengge Luantai Pingzhangshi" (同鳳閣鸞臺平章事), making him a chancellor "de facto" at the age of 79.
In spring 705, with Wu Zetian being ill, Zhang entered into a plot with a number of officials and generals, including Cui Xuanwei, Huan Yanfan, Jing Hui, and Yuan Shuji, to kill Wu Zetian's lovers Zhang Yizhi and Zhang Changzong, who had become powerful much to the distaste of the chancellors. Zhang reminded Yang of his prior desire to restore Tang, and put him, Huan, Jing, and a general who agreed to the plot, Li Dan (李湛), in charge of some of the corps of the imperial guards. He further persuaded the ethnically Mohe general Li Duozuo to join the plot as well, persuading Li Duozuo, who felt indebted to Emperor Gaozong for having promoted him, that Zhang Yizhi and Zhang Changzong were endangering the positions of Emperor Gaozong's sons with Wu Zetian, Li Xian the Crown Prince and Li Dan the Prince of Xiang (note different character than the general). He also received agreement from Yao. With agreement from Li Xian as well, the coup leaders acted on February 20, killing Zhang Yizhi and Zhang Changzong, and then surrounding Wu Zetian. She, in fear, asked, "Who is disturbing me?" Zhang Jianzhi responded, in a formalistic manner:
Wu Zetian subsequently tried to have Li Xian returned to the palace of the Crown Prince, but the coup leaders ignored her. While the coup leaders allowed Wu Zetian to retain the title of "emperor," they had her put under house arrest at the secondary palace Shangyang Palace (上陽宮) and forced her to yield the throne to Li Xian, who was formerly emperor, and he was restored to the throne (as Emperor Zhongzong).
During Emperor Zhongzong's second reign.
Zhang Jianzhi, along with Cui Xuanwei, Huan Yanfan, Jing Hui, and Yuan Shuji, were recognized as leaders in Emperor Zhongzong's restoration, and they were put into key positions and created dukes, with Zhang becoming the minister of defense (夏官尚書, "Xiaguan Shangshu") and remaining chancellor with the "Tong Fengge Luantai Pingzhangshi" designation, and carrying the title of Duke of Hanyang. He and the other coup leaders instituted a regime of restoring Tang institutions and deprecating Zhou ones, and when Yao Yuanzhi displayed distress at Wu Zetian's removal to Shangyang Palace, Zhang and Huan had him demoted out of the capital. Soon, however, Emperor Zhongzong became heavily influenced by his wife Empress Wei and her lover Wu Sansi the Prince of Liang (Wu Zetian's nephew and Emperor Zhongzong's cousin). (One of the coup participants, Xue Jichang (薛季昶), had advocated to Zhang Jianzhi and Jing the killing of Wu Sansi in the aftermaths of the killing of Zhang Yizhi and Zhang Changzong, but neither Zhang Jianzhi nor Jing paid Xue's suggestion much heed until it was too late.) After realizing that Wu Sansi's power was on the rise, Zhang Jianzhi tried to persuade Emperor Zhongzong to reduce the power of the Wu clan on the whole, but was unable to get Emperor Zhongzong to listen. Meanwhile, Zhang Jianzhi was made "Zhongshu Ling" (中書令), the head of the legislative bureau (now returned to the prior name of "Zhongshu Sheng" (中書省)).
In summer 705, by which time Emperor Zhongzong's trust in Zhang and his colleagues had completely been lost, Emperor Zhongzong, following Wu Sansi's recommendation, created the five coup leaders princes—in Zhang's case, Prince of Hanyang—but stripped them of chancellor positions. Zhang soon requested to retire back to his home prefecture Xiang Prefecture, and Emperor Zhongzong agreed, making him the prefect of Xiang Prefecture, but not putting him in actual responsibility of the prefecture. His son Zhang Yi (張漪) was made a low level imperial official but ordered to follow his father to Xiang Prefecture.
In spring 706, with all five of the coup leaders already out of the capital, Wu Sansi and Empress Wei made accusations against them, and they were demoted to more remote prefectures (although Zhang was not moved). Wu Sansi then had his strategist Zheng Yin further accuse the five of them of having participated in the plot of Emperor Zhongzong's son-in-law Wang Tongjiao (王同皎) -- who was executed early in 706 after having been accused of plotting to kill Wu Sansi and deposing Empress Wei. The five were further demoted with the provisions that they would never be allowed to return to the capital Chang'an, with Zhang becoming the military advisor to the prefect of Xin Prefecture (新州, roughly modern Yunfu, Guangdong). Wu Sansi then had accusations that Empress Wei was having affairs posted publicly in Luoyang (now eastern capital, with the capital moved back to Chang'an), with the intent of incensing Emperor Zhongzong—and then accused the five coup leaders of being behind this public humiliation. He then had his associates propose that the five be killed. Emperor Zhongzong, citing that the five had been previously awarded iron certificates that guaranteed that they would not be executed in recognition of their contribution, ordered that they be reduced to commoner rank and permanently exiled to the Lingnan region with their families—in Zhang's case, to Long Prefecture (瀧州, in modern Ganzhou, Jiangxi). At the suggestion of Cui Shi, Wu Sansi then sent the censor Zhou Lizhen (周利貞) to the Lingnan region under guise of reviewing the affairs of the region but with instructions to kill the five. By the time that Zhou reached the region, though, Zhang had already died. After Emperor Zhongzong's death in 710 and Li Dan, himself a former emperor, was restored (as Emperor Ruizong), Zhang and his colleagues were posthumously honored.

</doc>
<doc id="2854698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854698" title="Gas attack at Hulluch">
Gas attack at Hulluch

The Gas Attack at Hulluch was an engagement in World War I from 1916, between divisions of the II Bavarian Corps and divisions of the British I Corps. Just before dawn on 27 April the 16th Division and part of the 15th Division were subjected to a German cloud gas attack, near the German-held village of Hulluch, a mile north of Loos. The gas cloud and artillery bombardment were followed by raiding parties, which made temporary lodgements in the British lines. Two days later another gas attack was launched, which blew back over the German lines and caused a large number of German casualties, which were increased by British troops firing at German soldiers as they fled in the open. The German gas was a mixture of chlorine and Phosgene, which was of sufficient concentration to penetrate the British PH gas helmets. The 16th Division was unjustly blamed for poor gas discipline and it was put out that the gas helmets of the division were of inferior manufacture, to allay doubts as to the effectiveness of the helmet. Production of the Small Box Respirator, which had worked well during the attack, was accelerated.
Prelude.
German offensive preparations.
The German began preparing for the attack during April and placed about cylinders along a front from Cité St. Elie to Loos, where no man's land had been only apart since the Battle of Loos ( October 1915). German artillery began a systematic bombardment of British observation posts, supply points and communication trenches, supplemented by trench mortars and rifle grenades. Shelling diminished from and on 26 April the positions of the British 16th Division were bombarded and the 12th Division front was raided. The next day was fine and warm, with a wind blowing towards the British lines.
German plans of attack.
The 4th Bavarian Division was to follow-up a gas attack on 27 April with patrols against the British positions. Two days later despite less favourable winds, a second gas discharge was ordered and protests by the local commanders were overruled.
British defensive preparations.
A German soldier deserted on the night of and warned the British that an attack on the Hulluch front, probably with gas, was imminent, which confirmed indications already noticed by the British. Rats had been seen moving away from the German trenches, which was inferred to be due to leaky gas cylinders. The systematic bombardment of British defensive positions and the testimony of the deserter led Lieutenant-General Charles Kavanagh, the commander of I Corps, to warn the divisions: the 1st Division which held the line from Lens to Loos, the 16th Division in the centre from to Hulluch and the 12th Division to the north opposite The Quarries and the Hohenzollern Redoubt. The 15th Division relief of the 12th Division from was allowed to proceed. Four reserve artillery batteries were moved into the 15th Division area and all units were required to rehearse gas alerts daily. The British were equipped with PH helmets, which protected against Phosgene up to a concentration of 
Battle.
German attacks.
The German attack began on 27 April with the release of smoke, followed by a mixture of chlorine and Phosgene gas later from on the fronts of Bavarian Infantry Regiment 5 and Bavarian Reserve Infantry Regiment 5. The discharge on the front of Bavarian Infantry Regiment 9 was cancelled, as the direction of the wind risked enveloping the 3rd Bavarian Division on the right flank, in the Redoubt sector. At German artillery began a high-explosive, shrapnel and trench-mortar bombardment on the front of the 16th Division and the right flank of the 15th Division to the north, laid a barrage on communication trenches and fired lacrymatory shells into villages and British rear positions. At gas and smoke clouds rose from the German trenches and moved towards the British trenches, blown by a south-easterly wind. The gas cloud was so thick at the beginning that visibility was reduced to ; wearing gas helmets was necessary behind the front line and the smell was noticed away.
Three German mines were exploded at another artillery bombardment was fired and a second gas cloud was discharged. Several raiding parties of about each followed the gas and three managed to get into the British trenches. One party entered the British front line at Chalk Pit Wood for about fifteen minutes, the second was quickly expelled from the lines north of Posen Alley, then caught by Lewis-gun fire in no man's land. The third party got into the trenches on the right flank of the 15th Division, just north of the Vermelles–Hulluch road and was promptly bombed out; by the raiding parties had withdrawn.
On 29 April the German infantry sent up a green then a red flare and at German artillery began to bombard the reserve and communication trenches of the 16th Division. A gas cloud was released, followed by white smoke from Chalk Pit Wood to Hulluch, after Bavarian Infantry Regiment 9 had been ordered to discharge the gas by higher authority, despite unfavourable winds. German raiding parties advanced as the gas moved very slowly and then veered about as it reached the British third line; the German raiders were then engaged by British infantry with small-arms fire. The gas suddenly blew back towards the German lines and in the area of Bavarian Infantry Regiment 9 and Bavarian Infantry Regiment 5, the troops of Pioneer Regiment 36 were not able to stop the discharge straight away and many troops were caught without gas masks on and lost about casualties. On the right flank the 3rd Bavarian Division recorded casualties. The German bombardment abruptly ended, as the gas dispersed southwards.
British defence.
At on 27 April a gas alert was raised in the 16th Division area and the divisional and corps artillery began a bombardment on the rear of the German lines, from whence the gas was being discharged. After thirty minutes, groups of German infantry about equipped with pistols and hand grenades, were seen heading for gaps in the British wire and repulsed by rifle and machine-gun fire. At about the Germans sprang three mines and fired another bombardment before sending another gas cloud, which caused many casualties to a Black Watch company, whose commander had ordered them to remove their gas helmets after the first gas cloud, under the impression that the helmets were useless after one exposure to gas. Behind the second gas cloud, larger parties of German infantry advanced and managed to get into the British trenches for brief periods at three points. At Chalk Pit Wood the British had a howitzer, which had been brought up in September 1915 to fire in support of an attack on Hulluch. Since the "Lone How" was only behind the British front line, orders had been given to destroy it, in the event of a German raid and a demolition charge had been left on the gun with a lit fuze. The 48th Brigade recaptured the wood and a few hours later the gun was discovered intact, the fuze having gone out. The howitzer was so well camouflaged that the German raiders had not noticed it. British artillery-fire was believed to have destroyed some German gas cylinders, when German troops were seen to climb out of their front trenches and run to the rear, amid British small-arms fire. Eighty dead German soldiers were counted later in and around the British front trenches. By the German raid was over and during the night two British battalions were relieved; the rest of 28 April was quiet except for a raid by the 1st Division, at the "Double Crassier" near Loos. On 29 April at a German artillery bombardment and gas discharge began on the 16th Division front but the expected attack did not occur. German troops were seen massing in the trenches near Hulluch at and small numbers advanced towards the British trenches, where they were engaged by small-arms fire. The German gas then reversed course and German infantry on a front of ran to the rear, through the gas and British artillery-fire, leaving about on the front of the 16th Division.
Aftermath.
Analysis.
The 16th Division had a considerable number of gas casualties during the German attacks; the greatest number of deaths occurred at the points on the British front where the gas was most concentrated. Anti-gas blankets fitted on dug-out entrances were found to be ineffective but Lewis-guns wrapped in blankets and sprayed with Vermorel during the passage of the gas cloud were only slightly affected. Some ammunition was made unusable and some rifles jammed, due to chemical deposits forming on the bolts. The troops most affected by the gas could not be relieved immediately but were exempted from carrying duties for the next day and no ill-effects were reported. British troops were said to have been greatly encouraged by the German fiasco but uneasy about the protection offered by their PH gas helmets. The troops were deceived by being told that the helmets issued to the 16th Division had not been properly impregnated with chemical neutralisers and that 16th Division gas discipline had been unsatisfactory. New "box respirators", worn by Lewis gunners, were found to have worked well and production was expedited. Defensive artillery-fire had defeated most of the German infantry attacks and many German trench mortars were destroyed by the fire of 8-inch and 9.2-inch howitzers but relatively little artillery-fire was devoted to counter-battery bombardments.
Casualties.
On 27 April the 16th Division had lost and the 15th Division reported Total British casualties were whom gas casualties, killed. German casualties in Bavarian Infantry Regiment 5, Bavarian Reserve Infantry Regiment 5, Pioneer Regiment 36 who operated the gas cylinders and other non-infantry troops were not known in 1932, when the British Official History was published. Bavarian Infantry Regiment 9 had gas, of whom and there were gas casualties in the 3rd Bavarian Division, of whom four men died. A contemporary French intelligence summary recorded in the 4th Bavarian Division from and in October 1918, an officer of the British 15th Division found the graves of gas casualties at the cemetery at Pont-à-Vendin, from the gas discharges. In 1934 Foulkes wrote that a diary taken from a captured soldier of the 4th Bavarian Division, recorded casualties in the division and in 2002, Hook and Jones recorded from the German gas which blew back on 29 April.

</doc>
<doc id="2854703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854703" title="John Adams (geographer)">
John Adams (geographer)

Emeritus Professor John Adams of University College London, is a professor of geography and leading theorist on risk compensation. His book "Risk" is an analysis of how humans assess and respond to perceived risks. 
Areas of interest.
Risk compensation.
Adams spoke at the "Shared Space" conference held in Ipswich in June, 2005, where in his talk titled "Risk Compensation versus the obedient automaton theory of human behaviour" he discussed how understanding risk compensation was essential to the understanding of why shared space principles work for the design of public spaces such as road layouts in towns.
Hypermobility.
He has also coined the term and written extensively on the phenomenon of hypermobility.
Climate change.
Adams has been critical of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) and has praised "reputable scientists who react sceptically to the “hockey stick” peddled by Sir John Houghton and the IPCC." 
Other.
Adams was a member of the advisory committee to the Anti-Concorde Project.

</doc>
<doc id="2854710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854710" title="Navigable aqueduct">
Navigable aqueduct

Navigable aqueducts (sometimes called water bridges) are bridge structures that carry navigable waterway canals over other rivers, valleys, railways or roads. They are primarily distinguished by their size, carrying a larger cross-section of water than most water-supply aqueducts. Although Roman aqueducts were sometimes used for transport, aqueducts were not generally used until the 17th century when the problems of summit level canals had been solved and modern canal systems started to appear. The 662-metre long steel Briare aqueduct carrying the Canal latéral à la Loire over the River Loire was built in 1896, and remained the longest navigable aqueduct in the world until the 21st century, when the Magdeburg Water Bridge in Germany took the title.
Early aqueducts such as the three on the Canal du Midi had stone or brick arches, the longest span being 18.3 metres on the Cesse Aqueduct, built in 1690. However the weight of the construction to support the trough with the clay or other lining to make it waterproof made these structures clumsy, and it was not until 1796 that the first large cast iron aqueduct was built by Thomas Telford at Longdon-on-Tern on the Shrewsbury Canal. It has a total length of 57 metres across three intermediate piers. Within ten years Telford had completed the far more ambitious Pontcysyllte Aqueduct on the Llangollen Canal over the River Dee valley—total length 307 metres. Other cast iron aqueducts followed such as the single-span Stanley Ferry Aqueduct on the Calder and Hebble Navigation in 1839, with its innovative 50-metre through arch design.

</doc>
<doc id="2854714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854714" title="Agneta Andersson">
Agneta Andersson

Agneta Monica Andersson (born 25 April 1961 in Karlskoga, Örebro County) is a Swedish sprint canoer who competed from the early 1980s to the late 1990s. Competing in five Summer Olympics, she won seven medals with three gold (K-1 500 m: 1984, K-2 500 m: 1984, 1996), two silvers (K-4 500 m: 1984, K-2 500 m: 1992), and two bronzes (K-4 500 m: 1992, 1996).
Andersson was awarded the Svenska Dagbladet Gold Medal in 1996, jointly with Susanne Gunnarsson.
She also won eleven medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold (K-2 500 m: 1993), three silvers (K-1 500 m: 1982, K-2 500 m: 1981, K-4 500 m: 1993), and seven bronzes (K-1 500 m: 1981, 1985, 1987; K-2 500 m: 1982, 1983, 1985, 1991).

</doc>
<doc id="2854716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854716" title="List of Filipino writers">
List of Filipino writers

This list of Filipino writers is organized by the first letter in the surname.

</doc>
<doc id="2854721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854721" title="Good Is Good">
Good Is Good

"Good Is Good" is a song by American singer-songwriter Sheryl Crow, and is featured on her 2005 album, "Wildflower". It was released as the first single from the album (see 2005 in music). The single was not commercially successful on the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at #64 and staying there for two weeks. The song succeeded in Canada, reaching the Top 20 in Airplay Charts and becoming an AC hit.
In December 2005, Sheryl Crow was nominated for a Best Female Pop Vocal Performance Grammy Award for the song, but lost to Kelly Clarkson's Since U Been Gone.
Music video.
The video for "Good Is Good" follows the same concept of art found in the cover of the album and the single, with the singer interacting with images similar to surrealist drawings in movement. At the end of the video there's a scene which was used as the cover of "Wildflower".

</doc>
<doc id="2854726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854726" title="Bickleigh, South Hams">
Bickleigh, South Hams

Bickleigh is a small village on the southern edge of Dartmoor in Devon, England. It has a population of about 50 people. It is in the South Hams district, and is about seven miles north of Plymouth city centre. 
42 Commando is currently based at Bickleigh.
The village church has a tower of the 15th century but the rest of the building is the work of Charles Fowler, 1838, and one of the church's two baptismal fonts is 15th century. There is a fine monument to Sir Manasseh Masseh Lopes of Maristow House.

</doc>
<doc id="2854729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854729" title="Signals and slots">
Signals and slots

Signals and slots is a language construct introduced in Qt for communication between objects which makes it easy to implement the Observer pattern while avoiding boilerplate code. The concept is that GUI widgets can send signals containing event information which can be received by other controls using special functions known as slots.
The signal/slot system fits well with the way Graphical User Interfaces are designed. Similarly, the signal/slot system can be used for other non-GUI usages, for example asynchronous I/O (including sockets, pipes, serial devices, etc.) event notification or to associate timeout events with appropriate object instances and methods or functions. It is easy to use and no registration/deregistration/invocation code need to be written, because Qt's Meta Object Compiler (MOC) automatically generates the needed infrastructure.
A commonly used metaphor is a spreadsheet. A spreadsheet has cells that observe the source cell(s). When the source cell is changed, the dependent cells are updated from the event.
Alternative implementations.
There are some implementations of signal/slot systems based on C++ templates, which don't require the extra Meta Object Compiler, as used by Qt, such as libsigc++, sigslot, nano-signal-slot, neosigslot, Signals, boost.signals2, Cpp::Events, Platinum and JBroadcaster. CLI languages such as C# also supports a similar construct although with a different terminology and syntax: events play the role of signals, and delegates are the slots. Another implementation of signals exists for ActionScript 3.0, inspired by C# events and signals/slots in Qt. Additionally, a delegate can be a local variable, much like a function pointer, while a slot in Qt must be a class member declared as such. Due to the language limitation, there isn't a common implementation for ANSI C, but an environment dependent method was given out, see c-sigslot, it has been tested on several platforms, notably the ARM C Compiler, but should support any standard ANSI C compiler. The C based GObject system also provides similar functionality via GSignal.

</doc>
<doc id="2854730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854730" title="Guru Logi Champ">
Guru Logi Champ

The game's story mode sees the Champs, small yellow bird-like creatures who attempt to help the inhabitants of their neighbourhood out of various troubles. To do so, they must complete a series of logic puzzles.
Each stage requires the player to complete an image by placing and removing blocks on the board. The puzzles are set up so that there is no simple solution; often the player is blocked by other immovable areas and so must improvise a solution by constantly constructing and deconstructing their own barriers. The board itself may be rotated so that the player can construct the solution from all four sides. An additional Battle Mode exists in which two players must race to finish puzzles in the fastest time. Battle mode requires a Game Link Cable and only one game pak cartridge.
The game itself is best compared to "Picross" and "Magical Drop". Similar to "Picross", a board consisting of a set of blocks creates an image. Similar to "Magical Drop", gameplay involves throwing blocks vertically into the play area and sucking them back off again.
There are a number of unofficial remakes of the game:
According to late-2001 Gamespot ads, the game was scheduled to be released in the United States on December 22, 2001, but this was scrapped due to a poor Japanese-to-English translation. In various screenshots of a Beta for the English-language "Guru Logic Champ" (the official North American title), many language errors are present.
Snapdots.
A reworking of the game concept was released by D4 Enterprise for DSiWare under the name , known as Snapdots outside of Japan. It was released on December 2, 2009 in Japan and October 18, 2010 in North America. 
New to Snapdots is the presence of a human-like alien character named Dotty, who acts as your guide during the tutorial and provides commentary on each puzzle that you solve. In addition, the game now displays the number of moves it took you to solve each puzzle along with the time, and it also features a Time Attack mode in which players are tasked with solving as many puzzles as they can, chosen randomly, in a specific time frame. The basic rules and gameplay mechanics remain unchanged from Guru Logi Champ, however, and many of the puzzles in Snapdots were identical to puzzles found in the previous game.

</doc>
<doc id="2854731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854731" title="University of Kelaniya">
University of Kelaniya

The University of Kelaniya (, ) is a state university of Sri Lanka. Situated just outside the municipal limits of Colombo, in the ancient and historic city of Kelaniya, the University has two major campuses, seven locations, six faculties and four institutions.
History.
The University of Kelaniya has its origin in the historic Vidyalankara Pirivena, founded in 1875 as a centre of learning for Buddhist monks. It was one of the two great national centres of traditional higher learning, heralding the first phase of the national movement and national resurgence.
With the establishment of modern Universities in Sri Lanka in the 1940s and 1950s, the Vidyalankara Pirivena became the Vidyalankara University in 1959, later the Vidyalankara Campus of the University of Ceylon in 1972 and, ultimately, the University of Kelaniya in 1978.
Today, the University of Kelaniya is one of the major national Universities. It is located just outside the municipal limits of Colombo, in the ancient and historic city of Kelaniya, on the north bank of the Kelani River. It has two major campuses, seven locations, six faculties and four institutions.
The University of Kelaniya has pioneered a number of new developments in Higher Education. It was one of the first Universities to begin teaching science in sinhala, and also the first to restructure the traditional Arts Faculty into three separate Faculties of Humanities, Social Sciences and Commerce and Management. It also has several unique Departments not generally found in the Sri Lankan University system and some Kelaniya innovations have been adopted subsequently by other Universities. These include the Departments of Industrial Management and Microbiology in the Faculty of Science; Departments of Linguistics, Fine Arts, Modern Languages and Hindi in the Faculty of Humanities; and Mass Communication and Library and Information Sciences in the Faculty of Social Sciences.
In Keeping with its historical root, the University is one of the national centers of excellence in Pali and Buddhist Studies and related fields. It has long established and well-developed Departments of Pali and Buddhist Studies (incorporating chairs in Buddhist Civilization and Buddhist Philosophy), Sanskrit, Linguistics, Philosophy, Sinhala, and Hindi, as well as the Postgraduate Institute of Pali & Buddhist Studies. Kelaniya also maintains close links with the Buddhist and Pali University of Sri Lanka (whose Vice-Chancellors have often been drawn from the University of Kelaniya Faculty). Thus, the University of Kelaniya forms the centre of an academic complex, specializing in modern developments in traditional disciplines. It also retains a close link with its mother institution, the Vidyalankara Pirivena, whose Head is also the Chancellor of the University.
At the same time, the University of Kelaniya has a modern and multi-cultural structure and perspective, with the Faculties of Science, Medicine, Social Sciences and Commerce & Management and a strong base in modern languages, including the teaching of Chinese, English, French, German, Hindi, Japanese, Russian, Tamil, and Modern Linguistics. Presently engaged in extensive restructuring as it enters the 21st century, the University of Kelaniya looks forward to a new phase in its 125-year history of development.
--Edited by : Brian Scott 19:33, 5 October 2013 (UTC)
Coat Of Arms.
The coat of arms of the University of Kelaniya is circular in design and consists of three concentric bands, the outermost of which contains the name of the University in Sinhala and English. The motto of the institution "Pannaya Parisujjhati" (self-purification is by insight) is a quotation from the Alavaka-sutta of the Samyutta Nikaya, given in Sinhala characters in the same band. The middle band containing a creeper design encloses the innermost, which shows a full blown lotus, signifying purity. These two designs are reminiscent of those occurring in the well-known moonstones at Anuradhapura.
University of Kelaniya]
--Edited by : Brian Scott 19:33, 5 October 2013 (UTC)
Vision of the University.
The vision of the University of Kelaniya is to be one of the leading universities in Asia, which will prepare internationally competitive graduates, promote values of sustainable society and conduct outstanding research to improve quality of life.
--Edited by : Brian Scott 19:33, 5 October 2013 (UTC)
Mission of the University.
The above vision is to be achieved through providing
--Edited by : Brian Scott 19:33, 5 October 2013 (UTC)
The Anthem Of The University.
The Anthem of the University of Kelaniya was sung for the first time on the 15th of May 2007 at the inauguration of the Orientation Programme for the new entrants.
The lyric of the Anthem was approved by the Senate of the University of Kelaniya on 28 March 2007.
The Anthem was sung at the 200th meeting of Senate of the University of Kelaniya which was held on 24 October 2007
උරුමය සුරකින
විදු කිරණ බෙදා දෙන
කැලණිය සරසවි මාතා
සත් සිළුමිණ වී - ඉසුරු සදාලන
කැලණිය සරසවි මාතා
යුගයෙන් යුගයට දැයට තිළිණ කර
කැලණිය සරසවි මාතා
සිය දෙස කිතු ගොස...
සංගීතය සහ තනුව: රෝහණ වීරසිංහ
--Edited by : Brian Scott 19:33, 5 October 2013 (UTC)
Faculties.
Faculty Of Science.
The Faculty of Science started functioning in October 1967 with Prof. Charles Dahanayake as the Dean of Science. The intake of the first batch of students was 57. Formal approval for the Faculty was given by the Minister of Education in 1968.
The faculty was housed in the main building known as the “Science Block”. Due to the continued increase in the student intake from year to year, a new Lecture Theatre Complex and an Auditorium were constructed in 1992, which enabled the intake of students to be increased to 450 in 2003. A new laboratory complex for the Chemistry Department and three buildings for the Departments for Industrial Management, Microbiology and Zoology have now been completed.
The faculty was the first among the Sri Lankan Universities to initiate the change over from the traditional three subject (General) degree with end of year examinations to a more flexible Course Unit System, i.e. a modularized credit based system within a two-semester academic year with the end of semester examinations. It offers a variety of course pathways designed to provide flexibility in the choice of subjects. Under this system students have the option of reading for a traditional three subject degree or for a degree consisting of two principal subjects and a selection of course units drawn from other subject areas. The B.Sc. (Special) degree courses, begun in 1974, adopted the course unit system in 1986.
The faculty consists of eight departments:
Department of Industrial Management.
It focuses on a degree of MIT which gives knowledge of Management and Information Technology.
Also the department is offering masters degrees which focuses on the same area.From 2014 on-wards it will be launched one new degree program of Bsc in Software Engineering. 
You can find more information at: 
[http://www.mit.kln.ac.lk/]
Faculty Of Medicine.
The Faculty of Medicine of the University of Kelaniya is situated in a campus at Ragama. It is one of six medical schools in Sri Lanka. The faculty began classes with the admission of 120 students in September 1991. Before that it was called the North colombo medical college (NCMC). The NCMC, the first privately funded medical school in Sri Lanka started in 1980 with the admission of 100 local and 20 foreign students, who started graduating in 1990. Dr. Heenilame was its first Chairman and Dr. W.D. Ratnavelle, its first Director. The first batch of students, under the new name, Faculty of Medicine, University of Kelaniya completed their five year course and graduated MBBS in September 1996. Prof. Carlo Fonseka was the first dean in the renamed medical school.
The faculty has over 1000 students on its roll. This number includes foreign students, mainly from other South Asian countries, who have been admitted on a fee levying basis. The faculty also welcomes students for elective appointments. Students from medical schools in Europe, USA and Australia have spent their elective periods with the university.
There is a permanent academic staff of over 90 and in addition 40 temporary academic staff and over 60 visiting staff that includes consultants who are based in the affiliated teaching hospitals.
Faculty Of Social Science.
The faculty of social sciences, in terms of student population, is the largest faculty in the University of Kelaniya.
You can Find More Information at: 
http://www.kln.ac.lk/social/social/social.htm
Faculty Of Humanities.
The faculty includes disciplines associated with Buddhist and Asian cultures, such as Pali and Buddhist Studies, Sinhala, Tamil, Sanskrit, Hindi, Japanese and Chinese, while teaching courses in modern European languages such as English, French, German and Russian.
ry Science 
Faculty Of Commerce and Management.
The faculty consists of four departments:
Faculty Of Graduate Studies.
Twenty three postgraduate degree programmes and six postgraduate diploma programmes are coordinated by the Faculty of Graduates Studies.
Postgraduate Diplomas
Postgraduate Degrees
Services.
Information and Communication Technology Centre.
The ICT Centre provides support services in IT related teaching, research, internet services, staff development and hardware maintenance for the entire university. It conducts computer literacy course open for all students and advanced courses in Visual Basic, web designing and hardware technology for the students who have successfully completed the computer literacy course. On-the-job training in the IT arena is provided for the young people just out of the university who work in the ICT Centre.
The maintenance unit provides network, hardware and software support to the clients within the university, and IT solutions for academic departments and administrative branches of the university. Video filming of special events of the university since 2005 is an additional service.
http://www.mit.kln.ac.lk/Industrial/index.htm
Historically Related Institutions.
The Vidyodaya University was created at the same time as the
Vidyalankara University. Today Vidyodaya University is known as the University of Sri Jayewardenepura.

</doc>
<doc id="2854733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854733" title="José Cardenal">
José Cardenal

José Rosario Domec Cardenal (born October 7, 1943 in Matanzas, Cuba) is a former outfielder in Major League Baseball who played for the San Francisco Giants (1963–64), California Angels (1965–67), Cleveland Indians (1968–69), St. Louis Cardinals (1970–1971), Milwaukee Brewers (1971), Chicago Cubs (1972–77), Philadelphia Phillies (1978–1979), New York Mets (1979–1980) and Kansas City Royals (1980). Cardenal batted and threw right-handed. He is the cousin of Bert Campaneris.
Cardenal played for nine major league clubs in a span of 18 seasons. Basically a line drive hitter with a good bat speed, he also was a smart, aggressive baserunner with excellent speed, collecting 20 or more stolen bases in ten seasons. At the field, he showed good range and a strong throwing arm in center field.
Playing career.
Cardenal started his major league career with the San Francisco Giants in 1963 and was sent to the California Angels before the 1965 season. He finished second in the American League with 37 stolen bases, then was dealt to the Cleveland Indians after the 1967 season. He led the Indians twice in steals twice with a career-high 40 in 1968. In that season, he tied a major league record for outfielders by making two unassisted double plays. Traded to the St. Louis Cardinals in 1970, he hit .293 with 74 RBI. In a 1971 season split between the Cardinals and the Milwaukee Brewers, he collected a career-high 80 RBI. He was sent to the Chicago Cubs at the end of the season.
In 1973 as a right fielder for the Cubs, Cardenal led the team in batting average (.303), doubles (33) and stolen bases (19), being named Cubs Player of the Year by the Chicago baseball writers. Famously temperamental, in 1974 Cardenal was at odds with the Cubs management, and notoriously refused to play the season opener claiming that he was injured because the eyelids of one eye were stuck open. In 1975 he posted career-highs in average (.317) and hits (182).
Cardenal played with the Philadelphia Phillies during the 1978 and 1979 seasons. He was the last player to wear uniform number 1 for the team, which retired the number in honor of Richie Ashburn during the 1979 season. The Phillies sent Cardenal to the New York Mets on August 2, 1979, between games of a twi-night double header featuring the two teams. Cardenal was a member of the Phillies for the first game and switched uniforms and dugouts to join the Mets for the second. He played for the New York Mets for the balance of the 1979 and was there for most of the 1980 campaign. He was released by the Mets in August of that year. He later signed with the Kansas City Royals, ending his major league career with the Royals during the 1980 World Series.
In an 18-season career, Cardenal was a .275 hitter with 138 home runs and 775 RBI in 2017 games played. In addition, he collected 1913 hits, 936 runs, 46 triples and 329 stolen bases.
Coaching career.
Following his retirement as a player, Cardenal coached for the Reds, Cardinals, Yankees and Devil Rays. He was the first base coach for the Yankees dynastic run of World Championships in 1996, 1998, and 1999. He resigned from his position with the Yankees prior to the 2000 season over a contract dispute.
In , Cardenal became the senior advisor to the Washington Nationals general manager. On September 14, he announced that he wanted to help the victims of Hurricane Katrina, and was seeking to auction his World Series ring he won with the New York Yankees in 1998. Cardenal was relieved of his position with the Nationals following the 2009 season.

</doc>
<doc id="2854751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854751" title="Indian Ink">
Indian Ink

Indian Ink is a 1995 play by Tom Stoppard based on his 1991 radio play "In the Native State". The stage version of "Indian Ink" had its first performance at the Yvonne Arnaud Theatre, Guildford, and opened at the Aldwych Theatre, London, on February 27, 1995. The production was directed by Peter Wood and designed by Carl Toms. The play had its American premiere in 1999 at the American Conservatory Theater in San Francisco, California, directed by Carey Perloff (see 1999 in literature).
Synopsis.
In 1930, the year of Gandhi's Salt March, British poet Flora Crewe travels to India for her health. Flora is a thoroughly modern girl who has modeled for Modigliani, hobnobbed with communists, and been accused of obscenity for the racy book "A Nymph and Her Muse". In India her portrait is painted by the Indian artist Nirad while she fends off the attentions of a dashing but dimwitted scion of the British Raj. But her bravado hides the knowledge that she is severely ill with tuberculosis.
In the 1980s, American academic Eldon Pike seeks out Flora's younger sister Eleanor to discover the truth about the end of the poet's life — she died in India soon after meeting Nirad. Eleanor, who married an Englishman she met at Flora's grave and became a staunch Tory, reveals little to the scholar, sending him off on a wild goose chase tracing Flora's path through India. But she is more welcoming to Nirad's son Anish, who also comes looking for answers. Eleanor shows Anish a painting by Nirad done partly in a classical Indian style, and partly in the style of Western realism. The painting's erotic symbolism convinces him that his father and Flora were lovers before she died.
Themes.
Among the play's themes is the contrast of Indian and European styles of poetry and visual art. Nirad explains to Flora the classical Indian theory of nine "rasas", which are tonal schemes uniting all forms of art. Each "rasa" is associated with a colour, a mood, and a musical scale. The play's title refers to "Shringara", the "rasa" of erotic love, which is associated with an inky blue-black colour and the god Krishna, who is always painted with dusky blue skin. Flora is at first puzzled by this artistic tradition, but on falling in love with Nirad she realizes, "It is the colour he looked by moonlight."
The play shares with other Stoppard plays of the 90s the theme of nostalgia and romantic loss, with Flora as the lost beloved corresponding to Thomasina in "Arcadia" and Moses in "The Invention of Love". And like those two plays, it cuts back and forth between characters in two time periods sharing the same set. Stoppard has given director Peter Wood partial credit for developing the structure of the play with its two intertwined storylines.[http://theater2.nytimes.com/mem/theater/treview.html?res=990CE6D6143FF933A15757C0A963958260]
Casting.
Art Malik has been closely associated with the play, taking the role of Nirad in the original London production and in the 1999 American premiere which took place at the American Conservatory Theater in San Francisco. Felicity Kendal originated the role of Flora, originally in the radio play and then on stage. Jean Stapleton was Eleanor in the American premiere.

</doc>
<doc id="2854753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854753" title="List of Minnesota gubernatorial elections">
List of Minnesota gubernatorial elections

Results and election information for past Minnesota governor races. The first election was in 1857 ahead of Minnesota becoming a state. Elections were set for every two years beginning in 1859. In 1886 elections were moved from odd years to even years. In 1962 the governor's term increased to 4 years.

</doc>
<doc id="2854754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854754" title="Alexis Tendil">
Alexis Tendil

Alexis Tendil (12 August 1896, Le Teil, Ardèche – 5 October 2005) was, at age 109, one of the last few surviving French veterans of the First World War. He died in a hospital following a fall.
World War I.
In October 1918 Tendil intercepted a message from the Germany High Command which informed the then-Pope Benedict XV of the imminent intention of the German forces to capitulate.
He informed the French command of his discovery and a planned, massive offensive by the French army was postponed. 
After the war, although returning to his ordinary job as an electrician, Tendil became something of a hero being rightly accredited, by his actions, with preventing the deaths of many more soldiers.

</doc>
<doc id="2854779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854779" title="Sean S. Cunningham">
Sean S. Cunningham

Sean Sexton Cunningham (born December 31, 1941, in New York City) is an American film director, producer, and writer. He is best known for creating the "Friday the 13th" series of horror films, which introduced the fictional killer Jason Voorhees. Of the 12 films in the series, the ones that had Sean's involvement were "the original", "", "Jason X", "Freddy vs. Jason" and "the series' Reboot." He has also produced many horror films, such as the "House" series and Wes Craven's debut feature, "The Last House on the Left". 

</doc>
<doc id="2854785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854785" title="Awabakal">
Awabakal

The Awabakal people , a group of indigenous people of Australia, are those Aboriginal Australians that were united by a common language, strong ties of kinship and survived as skilled hunter–fisher–gatherers in family groups or clans scattered along the coastal area of what is now known as the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales, Australia. Their traditional territory spreads from Wollombiin the south, to the Lower Hunter River near Newcastle and Lake Macquarie in the north.
In the traditional language, Awaba is the word for Lake Macquarie, meaning flat or plain surface; hence, Awabakal was used to describe people of the area. The Awabakal were bounded to the north–west by the Wonnarua, the Worimi to the north–east, and the Darkinjung peoples to the west and south.
Alternate names.
"Awabagal" is a common alternate name for the Awabakal people. Awaba is now the name of a small town in the region.
Clans.
Tindale claims that the Ninyowa clan were from the Newcastle area.
Language.
The Awabakal language was used by the Awabakal people and also by the Wonnarua people. Oral historians and linguists are reviewing the language in order to develop a comprehensive dictionary of the language of the Hunter River and Lake Macquarie regions.
Practices.
The Eagle-Hawk or Wedge-Tailed Eagle has special significance for the Awabakal people. Koun, their "celestial entity", looks like an Aboriginal man, but in flight resembles an eagle-hawk.
The Awabakal people played a significant part in shaping the environment of their region. They practiced Controlled burn extensively, which helped them to hunt and to navigate through dense prickly scrub along the coast. Tracks and paths were also maintained, including a path from the shore to the top of a hill which later became Watt Street in Newcastle, New South Wales. Fishing, particularly for shellfish, was a significant part of the Awabakal people's diet and culture pre-colonisation.
The Awabakal, in pre-colonisation times, were noted as being strong and determined defenders of their territory, despite the fact that they were not warlike in nature. They had possession of their rich coastal territory for thousands of years, during which time they successfully repelled incursions by the neighbouring Gamilaraay people and established places of defence, "virtual armouries", high in the Watagan Mountains.
Today.
The Awabakal Newcastle Aboriginal Cooperative Limited is a not-for-profit community controlled organisation operating in the Newcastle, Lake Macquarie and Hunter Region. It was established in 1976. It is responsible for the delivery of community and health services to Aboriginal people in this region, including:
Also in 1976, the Awabakal Environmental Education Centre began operating. It is a NSW Department of Education and Communities facility. The centre provides opportunities for teachers and students in the Hunter Region to learn about the environment and human interactions with the natural world. The Centre contains examples of diverse habitats including "perched lagoons, creek catchments, dry and wet sclerophyll forest and remnants of rainforest". Being located on Awabakal land, the centre also provides the opportunity for students to learn about Aboriginal perspectives, issues, knowledge and history as a cross curriculum issue.
There is also a significant Awabakal presence at the Wollotuka Institute at the University of Newcastle, Australia. 'Wollotuka' is an Awabakal word meaning "eating and meeting place", and the Callaghan campus of the University is built on Awabakal traditional land.
Native title.
Attempts by the Awabakal Local Aboriginal Land Council to claim native title over land within Newcastle, pursuant to have been dismissed in the Federal Court.
References.
Bibliography of Awabakal from AIATSIS Print Collections

</doc>
<doc id="2854796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854796" title="Dominique-Georges-Frédéric Dufour de Pradt">
Dominique-Georges-Frédéric Dufour de Pradt

Abbé Dominique G. F. de Rion de Prolhiac Dufour or de Fourt de Pradt (23 April 1759 in Allanches (Auvergne, France – 18 March 1837 in Paris) was a French clergyman and ambassador.
In 1804 he became a secretary of Napoleon, in 1805 Bishop of Poitiers. On 12 May 1808 he was appointed as archbishop of Mechelen (resigned in 1815). In 1812 he was awarded the position of the French ambassador in Warsaw, preparing the Concordat of 1813. After the Napoleonic wars he published a series of books which portrayed Russia as a "despotic" and "Asiatic" power hungry to conquer Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="2854797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854797" title="Tato Bores">
Tato Bores

Mauricio Borensztein (27 April 1927 – 11 January 1996), known by the stage name Tato Bores, was an Argentine film, theatre and television comedian, who specialized in political humor. His ironic TV monologues, delivered at a fast pace, became a reference point for generations of Argentines.
He took his first steps into the humor field in 1957, after the fall of Juan Perón, debuting in state-owned Channel 7. When in character, he wore dress coat, white bow tie and a deliberately badly cut wig, and waved a cigar. Besides the monologues, at some point during each show he pretended to dial the number of the Casa Rosada and speak to the President (whoever it was at the time), asking pointed questions or commenting on uncomfortable news.
Near the end of his life, Borensztein abandoned the weekly show format and resorted to "special programmes" every month or more. In one of these, he appeared as Dr. Helmut Strasse, "argentinologist", an archeologist specialized in the lost land of Argentina, which had sunk into the Atlantic Ocean 500 years before the fictional time frame of the show. The show was a humorous mockumentary about the downfall of Argentina where Borensztein, speaking in a mixture of Yiddish, German and some odd words in Spanish, overdubbed into straight Spanish by a narrator, commented on the latest findings and theories while he toured a digging site.
Before the broadcast of one of the programmes, federal judge María Servini de Cubría was warned that the show contained an ironic comment about a ridiculously low fine she had received for mishandling a case. Servini ordered the offending segment to be cut out, and forbade Borensztein to mention her name. This violated free speech, since the programme had not been broadcast and she had not verified it was criminally offensive. Borensztein received overwhelming support from the artistic community of Argentina, but respected the judicial order, from then on referring to the judge as "the unnameable" or as "Jueza Barubudubudía" (intended as a nonsensical yet transparent rhyme of "Servini de Cubría") until the censorship was lifted.
Family.
He is the father of Alejandro Borensztein, Sebastián Borensztein and Marina Borensztein.

</doc>
<doc id="2854800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854800" title="Rudy VanderLans">
Rudy VanderLans

Rudy VanderLans (born 1955, Voorburg) is a Dutch type and graphic designer and the co-founder of Emigre, an independent type foundry, with Czechoslovakian-born designer Zuzana Licko. 
VanderLans studied at the Royal Academy of Art in the Hague. Later, he moved to California and studied photography at the University of California, Berkeley. In 1984, VanderLans, with his wife Zuzana Licko, founded Emigre and began to publish "Emigre" magazine, a journal for experimental graphic design.
After the release of the Apple Macintosh in 1984, Vanderlans and Licko were inspired to design custom fonts that the macintosh was lacking, resulting in the Emigre Graphics font library, arguably the most trendsetting type collection of the early digital era. Vanderlans himself only designed three font families in the Emigre collection. Variex and Oblong were co-designed with Zuzuana Licko.
Oblong follows a strict rectangular grid and uses only straight lines of equal width.
Variex (1988) consists of three weights defined by the same center lines. By changing the thickness around the axis, various weights are obtained therefore the x-height and alignment may vary. The font plays with these variations keeping the axes of the character in the same position in all three weights allowing interesting design possibilities for characters to be layered to form multicolored or outline letters.
Suburban (1994) is the only font family Vanderlans made on his own. The font family was a reaction to his education in The Hauge, allowing himself to disprove some of the basic notions he learned about type design. Since he had always been attracted to hand-lettered script faces, the font is a combination of fairly rational, geometric shapes and calligraphy-inspired characters. 

</doc>
<doc id="2854804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854804" title="Nimród Antal">
Nimród Antal

Nimród E. Antal ("pronounced: Neemrode"; born November 30, 1973) is a Hungarian American film director, screenwriter and actor.
Life and career.
Antal was born in Los Angeles, California, to parents of Hungarian ancestry. In 1991, following his father's advice, Antal moved to Hungary to study at the Hungarian Film Academy. After graduating he began work in the film and television industry; in 2005, he returned to Los Angeles and continued to work in the film and television industry in Hollywood.
Directing.
He is best known for writing and directing the Hungarian-language film "Kontroll" (2003), which won numerous awards, including the Award of the Youth at the 2004 Cannes Film Festival and the Golden Hugo (main prize) at the Chicago International Film Festival, as well as a European Film Award nomination for Best Director. The backdrop of the film is the Budapest Metro subway system. "Kontroll", refers to the act of ticket inspectors checking to ensure a rider has paid their fare.
Antal's first American feature film, "Vacancy", starring Kate Beckinsale and Luke Wilson, was released on April 20, 2007. His second American film, "Armored", was released in December 2009.
Robert Rodriguez hired him to direct the film "Predators".
He directed the Metallica 3D concert movie/narrative story titled: "Metallica Through the Never" (2013).
Acting.
Antal has appeared in acting roles in some Hungarian films, the most known among these are "András Salamon"'s "Közel a szerelemhez" (1999) and "Balra a nap nyugszik" (2000), directed by "András Fésös". Antal had major supporting parts in both of these films. He also had a cameo in Robert Rodriguez's 2010 film "Machete".

</doc>
