<doc id="2927890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927890" title="Omega Speedmaster">
Omega Speedmaster

Omega Speedmaster is a line of chronograph wristwatches produced by the Omega Watch Company. While Chronographs have been around since the late 1800s, Omega first introduced their chronographs in 1957. Since then, many different chronograph movements have been marketed under the Speedmaster name. The manual winding Speedmaster Professional or "Moonwatch" is the most well-known and longest-produced; it was worn during the first American spacewalk as part of NASA's Gemini 4 mission and was the first watch worn by an astronaut walking on the moon during the Apollo 11 mission. The Speedmaster Professional remains one of several watches qualified by NASA for spaceflight and is still the only one so qualified for EVA. The Speedmaster line also includes a multitude of other models, including analog-digital and automatic mechanical watches.
Early development.
The Speedmaster was not originally designed for space exploration. Instead, it was introduced in 1957 as a sports and racing chronograph, complementing Omega's position as the official timekeeper for the Olympic Games. The first Speedmaster model, the reference CK 2915, was powered by the Omega Calibre 321. This movement was developed in 1946 by Albert Piguet of Lemania, which had been acquired in 1932 by Omega's parent company, SSIH. The "Speedmaster" name was coined from the model's novel tachymeter scale bezel (in brushed stainless steel) and by the convention set by prior Omega brands Seamaster and Railmaster. The model established the series's hallmark 12-hour, triple-register chronograph layout, domed Plexiglas crystal, and simple, high-contrast index markers; but, unlike most subsequent Speedmaster models, it used Omega's Broadarrow hand set. In 1959, a second version, CK 2998, was released with a black aluminum tachymeter bezel and alpha hands. This was again updated in 1963 by references ST 105.003 with straight baton hands and ST 105.012 with an asymmetrical case to protect the chronograph pushers and crown.
Pilots.
Chronographs were first developed for use in artillery for battle but soon came to be indispensable for use in high performance machinery, specifically by pilots but later by race car drivers. . Submariners, who also relied heavily on split second timing for what was essentially blind travel, were known for the use of chronographs. The ability to clock, and therefore calibrate, fuel consumption, trajectory and other variables allowed for both more efficient travel as well as better pilots and race car drivers. When President Eisenhower decreed that test pilots would be the only permissible option for Project Mercury the inclusion of a chronograph of some sort was virtually assured.
Qualification tests.
Three years before the Speedmaster's official qualification for space flight, astronaut Wally Schirra took his personal CK 2998 aboard Mercury-Atlas 8 (Sigma 7) on October 3, 1962. That same year, per an anecdote repeated by Omega press materials, trade publications, and NASA itself, a number of commercial chronograph wristwatches were furtively purchased from Corrigan's, a Houston jeweler, to evaluate their use for the Gemini and Apollo Programs. James Ragan, a former NASA engineer responsible for Apollo flight hardware testing, has downplayed this story, calling it a "complete invention". Instead, bids were officially solicited of several brands already familiar to the pilots who were joining the growing astronaut corps. Brands under official consideration included Breitling, Rolex, and Omega, as well as others that produced mechanical chronographs. Hamilton submitted a pocket watch and was disqualified from consideration, leaving three contenders: Rolex, Longines-Wittnauer, and Omega. These watches were all subjected to tests under extreme conditions:
All chronographs tested were mechanical hand-wind models. Neither the first automatic chronograph nor the first quartz watch would be available until 1969, well after the space program was underway. The evaluation concluded in March 1965 with the selection of the Speedmaster, which survived the tests while remaining largely within 5 seconds per day rate.
Gemini program.
Gus Grissom and John Young wore the first officially qualified Speedmasters on Gemini 3 on March 23, 1965. Several months later, Ed White made the first American space walk during Gemini 4 with a Speedmaster 105.003 strapped to the outside of the left-side sleeve of his G4C space suit. In order to accommodate the space suit, the watch was attached via a long nylon strap secured with Velcro. When worn on the wrist, the strap could be wound around several times to shorten its length. According to Omega, the company was surprised to learn of the Speedmaster’s role upon seeing a photograph of the EVA; however, ordering forms sent by NASA's Gemini 4 Flight Support Procurement Office to Omega's American agents in 1964 suggest that this anecdote may be exaggerated. These images would be widely used in Omega marketing materials from 1965–1967, establishing the popular connection between the Speedmaster and space exploration. Speedmasters were issued to all subsequent Gemini crews until the end of the program in 1966.
Apollo program.
To reinforce the association with astronauts, Omega also began using the "Professional" appellation for existing Speedmaster models after Gemini 4. In 1966, Speedmaster reference 105.012 was updated to reference 145.012. These two models would be the two Speedmaster references known to have been worn on the moon by Apollo astronauts, the original "moonwatches." Speedmasters were used throughout the early manned Apollo program, and reached the moon with Apollo 11. Ironically, these and prior models are informally known as "Pre-moon" Speedmasters, since their manufacture predate the moon landings and lack the inscription subsequent models carry: "The First Watch Worn on the Moon".
Although Apollo 11 commander Neil Armstrong was first to set foot on the moon, he left his 105.012 Speedmaster inside the Lunar Module as a backup because the LM's electronic timer had malfunctioned. Buzz Aldrin elected to wear his and so his Speedmaster became the first watch to be worn on the moon. Later, he wrote of his decision:
"It was optional to wear while we were walking on the surface of the moon ... few things are less necessary when walking around on the moon than knowing what time it is in Houston, Texas. Nonetheless, being a watch guy, I decided to strap the Speedmaster onto my right wrist around the outside of my bulky spacesuit." 
Aldrin's Speedmaster was lost during shipping when he sent it to the Smithsonian Institute; the reference number of the watch is not known for certain, though it is sometimes reported as a 145.012. Speedmasters were carried by the crews of all subsequent Apollo missions, including American members of the Apollo-Soyuz Test Project (Soviet crew wore Omega Flightmasters).
In 1970, after Apollo 13 was crippled by the rupture of a Service Module oxygen tank, Jack Swigert's Speedmaster was famously used to accurately time the critical 14-second Mid-Course Correction 7 burn using the Lunar Module's Reaction Control System, which allowed for the crew's safe return. In recognition of this, Omega was awarded the Snoopy Award by the Apollo 13 astronauts, "for dedication, professionalism, and outstanding contributions in support of the first United States Manned Lunar Landing Project."
In 1971, Apollo 15 commander David Scott's issued Speedmaster lost its Plexiglas crystal during EVA-2. For EVA-3, the final lunar surface EVA, he wore a Bulova Chronograph (model number 88510/01, part number SEB12100030-202) that was not part of the normal mission equipment and that he had agreed to evaluate for the company at the request of a friend. Because of the commercial interests involved and the revelation of the Apollo 15 postage stamp incident, NASA withheld Bulova's name for years afterward. Therefore, while the Speedmaster was the first watch worn on the moon, it is not the only one, as Omega often claims on its watches and in marketing materials.
In addition to issued crew watches, Apollo 17 carried an additional Speedmaster to lunar orbit as part of the Heat Flow and Convection Experiment conducted by Command Module pilot Ronald Evans. This watch was sold for $23,000 at a Heritage Auction in 2009.
Later models.
In 1968, American insurance salesman Ralph Plaisted and three companions were the first confirmed expedition to reach the north pole by land on snowmobiles. The team successfully used the same reference 145.012 Omega Speedmasters as the Apollo program along with sextants for navigation.
Also in 1968, Omega transitioned the caliber 321 movement to the new caliber 861, also designed by Albert Piguet, with the introduction of the reference 145.022 Speedmaster. The 861 was very similar to the 321, but replaced its column wheel switching mechanism with a cam and increased the beat rate from 18000 to 21600 vibrations per hour. Most Speedmaster Professional watches from 1968 to the present have used variants of this movement, including the modern rhodium-plated caliber 1861 and decorated exhibition calibers 863 and 1863. A standard Speedmaster Professional model with Plexiglas crystal, solid caseback with anti-vibration and anti-magnetic dust cover, tachymeter scale, without date or day complications, and powered by a caliber 861-based movement has been continuously produced since. The tritium-powered phosphorescent lume on the hands and index markers of the original watches were replaced in the 1990s with non-radioactive pigments, but the fundamental design, dimensions, and mechanism of these watches have remained unchanged. In this form, the basic Speedmaster line has remained flight-qualified for NASA space missions and EVAs, after re-evaluation by NASA in 1972 and for use in the Space Shuttle program in 1978. The current such model is reference 3570.50.
Omega has produced a large number of commemorative and limited edition variants of the basic "moonwatch" design, celebrating important anniversaries and events, emblazoned with the different patches for the space missions it was issued for, or evoking its motor sport roots with various racing patterns. It has also released many models made with various precious metals, jewels, and alternative dial colors for the luxury market.
Over the years, Omega has also sought to improve functional aspects of the basic Speedmaster Professional. In 1969, it produced the Speedmaster Professional Mk II, with shrouded lugs and a flat, anti-reflective mineral glass crystal. In 1970, Omega launched the Alaska Project under Pierre Chopard, which changed the dial of the original Speedmaster Professional from black to white and created a removable anodized aluminum housing to shield the watch from a wider range of temperatures. In 1971 and 1973, Omega turned to automatic mechanisms the Speedmaster Automatic MkIII and MkIV models. However none of these proved as popular or long-lasting as the basic Speedmaster Professional "moonwatch". A variety of other types of watches have used the Speedmaster brand, including many different automatic day and day-date models, the tuning fork movement Speedsonic line, and the digital LCD Speedmaster Quartz. The digital-analog Speedmaster X-33 was produced in 1998; it was qualified for space missions by NASA and flown on the Mir space station and Space Shuttle Columbia during STS-90 later that year.

</doc>
<doc id="2927891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927891" title="Hokey Pokey (album)">
Hokey Pokey (album)

Hokey Pokey is the second album by the British duo of singer Linda and singer/songwriter/guitarist Richard Thompson. It was recorded in the autumn of 1974 and released in 1975.
Listeners keen to try to find connections between the albums by the Thompsons and their personal lives may be confused by the delays between writing, recording and release of the early albums. "I Want to See the Bright Lights Tonight" was conceived and recorded prior to the Thompsons' embracing of Islam, but the album's release was substantially delayed. By the time that album was released the Thompsons were living in an Islamic commune in London.
In the meantime the Thompsons had toured as a trio with Fairport Convention guitarist Simon Nicol. Nicol recalls that period: (in Patrick Humphries' biography of Richard Thompson)
So much of the material on the "Hokey Pokey" album was written sometime before the album was recorded and even predates the conversion to Islam. To add to the confusion the release of the eventual album was again delayed and so the song and the themes of the album lagged behind the development of the Thompsons's personal lives.
The album is thematically cohesive for the most part. The first eight songs present a bleak world view with constant images of people living a shallow existence and seeking some kind of gratification - often in drugs or sexual encounters ("Hokey Pokey", "I'll Regret It All in the Morning", "Old Man Inside a Young Man", "Georgie on a Spree"), or experiencing a hard and cruel life with the cruelty often being dealt out by their fellow humans ("Smiffy's Glass Eye","The Sun Never Shines on the Poor", "I'll Regret It All in the Morning", "Old Man Inside a Young Man"). "Never Again" (originally written in the aftermath of Fairport Convention's devastating tour bus crash in 1969) portrays an old man looking back on a life devastated by the unexpected loss of loved ones.
"A Heart Needs a Home", the ninth song, serves as Richard Thompson's declaration of faith whilst also harking back to the unfulfilling existence portrayed in the preceding songs:
<poem>
...I came to you when
No one could hear me
I’m sick and weary
Of being alone
Empty streets and
Hungry faces
The world’s no place when
You’re on your own
A heart needs a home.
</poem>
In terms of musical style Thompson's songwriting on this album reflects a number of British styles despite not being in the English folk-rock style of "Bright Lights": Music Hall, English hymns, traditional brass bands, pub sing-alongs and even the double entendres of George Formby are all discernible. In many cases Thompson juxtaposes an upbeat tune with a bleak lyric.
Track listing.
All songs written by Richard Thompson except as noted.
2004 Island CD reissue.
All extra tracks are live and previously unreleased.

</doc>
<doc id="2927899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927899" title="Metachondromatosis">
Metachondromatosis

Metachondromatosis is an autosomal dominantincompletely penetrant skeletal disorder affecting the growth of bones, leading to multiple enchondromas and osteochondromas. This tumor syndrome affects mainly tubular bones, though it can also involve the vertebrae, small joints, and flat bones.
Genetics.
Metachondromatosis is inherited in an autosomal dominant manner. This means that the defective gene responsible for a disorder is located on an autosome, and only one copy of the gene is sufficient to cause the disorder, when inherited from a parent who has the disorder.
It has been associated with "PTPN11".

</doc>
<doc id="2927905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927905" title="Tuobodom">
Tuobodom

Tuobodom is a town in western Ghana. Tuobodom is in the Brong Ahafo Region in Ghana.Tuobodom is the capital for the Techiman North District created by the late President of Ghana Professor John Evans Attah Mills of blessed memory. The inhabitants of the town are mainly farmers with some percentage being traders and other government workers. Tuobodom is the capital of Techiman North District with some supporting towns like Aworowa, Buoyem, Offuman, Tano Boase and their environs. The main crop that the farmers grow is Tomato. Tomato is done on large scale in the town which help and support the people in the livelihoods. 

</doc>
<doc id="2927910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927910" title="Leandro N. Alem, Buenos Aires Province">
Leandro N. Alem, Buenos Aires Province

Leandro N. Alem is a town in the , and the only municipality forming the "partido" (department) of the same name. At the it had a population of 16,358 inhabitants.
The city is named after Leandro Alem (1844–1896), one of the founders of the Radical Civic Union.

</doc>
<doc id="2927917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927917" title="Tommy Svensson">
Tommy Svensson

Thomas "Tommy" Svensson (born 4 March 1945) is a Swedish football manager and former player. He is best known for playing for Östers IF and the Swedish national football team. He won the Guldbollen in 1969. He managed the Swedish National Team between 1991 and 1997 and led them to a bronze medal in the 1994 World Cup.
He is the son of Stig Svensson and the uncle of Joachim Björklund.
Early years.
Thomas Svensson was born 4 March 1945 to father Stig Svensson. Stig was a famous footballer who played for Östers IF and dubbed Mr. Osters. His father was the Swedish National Team captain from team captain from 1943 until 1946.
Svensson, like his father, had a natural talent for football. At just eleven years-old,
he debuted for Östers youth team, and allegedly scored eight goals in the match. However, news paper headlines said he was too weak. Tommy bought a barbell and trained. Morning, noon and night, he lifted weights in order to bulk up.
Playing career.
His playing career took him to Östers IF as well as Belgian Standard Liège. Throughout his career, he suffered from knee injuries. His injuries almost stopped him from competing in 1968. However, Svensson persevered. He was awarded "Guldbollen" in 1969 and played at the 1970 FIFA World Cup.
Managing career.
After retiring, he started working as the Östers IF coach. He later had a successful period with Tromsø IL, and became national team coach in 1991.
He led the Swedish team to the 1992 European Football Championship semi final as well as a bronze medal at the 1994 FIFA World Cup. He continued with the national team until 1997, and later worked in television with match commentary as well as coaching Tromsø for a second period in 2001.
Outside the Azteca stadium, there is a statue of the best players of each nation was erected. Sweden's representative was Tommy Svensson.

</doc>
<doc id="2927918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927918" title="Peter DeRose">
Peter DeRose

Peter DeRose (or De Rose) (March 10, 1900 – April 23, 1953) was a US Hall of Fame composer of jazz and pop music during the Tin Pan Alley era.
Biography.
DeRose was born in New York City and as a boy exhibited a gift for things musical. He learned to play the piano from an older sister but composing music was a gift that saw him have his first song published at the age of eighteen. After finishing high school (DeWitt Clinton High School), class of 1917, he found a job at a music store as a stock room clerk but a highly successful 1920 composition called "When You're Gone, I Won't Forget" led to his being hired by the New York office of the Italian music publisher G. Ricordi & Co.
In 1923 he met ukulele musician May Singhi Breen (1895–1970) performing on radio with a female ukulele group known as the "Syncopators." A personal relationship developed and she left the group to join DeRose in a musical radio show on NBC called the "Sweethearts of the Air" in which he played piano and she performed on the ukulele. The popular show ran for sixteen years during which time the two entertainers were married. The show not only provided them with a good living, but was also a vehicle for the introduction of a number of his compositions. 
DeRose collaborated with a number of prominent lyricists such as Charles Tobias, Al Stillman, Carl Sigman, Billy Hill. Some of DeRose's best known works are:
Peter DeRose's final hit was "You Can Do It", written just before his death in New York City in 1953. Interred in Kensico Cemetery in Valhalla, his tombstone is etched with the words "Every friend he ever made, he kept".
In 1970, Peter DeRose was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="2927926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927926" title="QueensPlaza">
QueensPlaza

QueensPlaza is an upmarket shopping centre located in Central Business District of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia, with frontages on Adelaide Street, Queen Street Mall, and Edward Street.
QueensPlaza has three main shopping levels, plus an extra two levels exclusively for a David Jones department store. The shopping centre also has many national and international retail brands, some exclusive to Brisbane, as well as a number of high fashion stores including Chanel, Louis Vuitton, Bally, Salvatore Ferragamo, Max Mara and Tiffany & Co. 
Construction began in September 2003. Stage 1 of QueensPlaza was completed in June 2005, with stage 2 being completed in October 2007. Stage 2 included giving the building more footage on the Adelaide Street side for more stores. The final stage, an expansion of David Jones, was opened in February 2008.
Other stores in QueensPlaza include fashion brands (such as Alannah Hill Carla Zampatti, Espirit, G-Star Raw, Leona Edmiston, Max & Co., Sass & bide, Zimmermann, Witchery, Saba), accessories, (Fossil, Mimco), cosmetics (Aesop, Mecca Cosmetica), specialty stores (T2), (Kikki K) and a Coles Supermarket (which replaces the old Coles that used to be in the former building).
Food is available at a food court located at the basement level, that has many fast food outlets. There are also coffee outlets, ice cream and chocolate stores (such as Australian Homemade Ice Cream). There is a Starbucks cafe near the Adelaide Street.
Car parking is available at five basement levels.
Fashion shows are held annually in the QueensPlaza as part of the Mercedes-Benz Fashion Festival Brisbane.

</doc>
<doc id="2927928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927928" title="Clare Bowditch">
Clare Bowditch

Clare Bowditch (born 1975) is an Australian musician, occasional actor (Offspring, Channel 10) and the founder of the love-project Big Hearted Business (www.bigheartedbusiness.com) which aims to teach creative people about business, and business people about creativity, in ways that make sense. 
She won an ARIA Award in 2006 (Best Female), and was nominated for a Logie Award for her work on Channel 10′s “Offspring” TV show in 2012. She’s had Top Ten albums, been named Rolling Stone Woman of the Year (Contribution to Culture), YEN Young Woman of the Year (Music), toured all over with the likes of Gotye and Leonard Cohen, written for Harpers Bazaar, Rolling Stone and the Drum, and currently hosts an Australian Music Show on Qantas. 
Bowditch has released seven albums in total. Her last, "The Winter I Chose Happiness', ' was released on 14 September 2012. In May 2012, Bowditch released the single, "You Make Me Happy", her first Top 40 song, which was featured in the Network Ten television show, "Offspring", a series that she also acts in.
Clare is currently an Ambassador for APRA, PPCA and Smiling Mind, and a member of the Government's Live Music Round Table Panel. She was the Secretary of the Music Victoria Board until 2012. 
She is currently preparing for the second ever Big Hearted Business Conference in Melbourne Australia (May, 2014) and plans to release album number eight in 2015. 
Biography.
Early life.
Bowditch graduated from Melbourne University's School of Creative Arts with a Bachelor of Creative Arts (BCA), a now-defunct degree. 
Music career.
Bowditch began writing songs at the age of three, and continued writing them in private until 1998, when she met John Hedigan and, on the same night, formed a band. They called themselves "Red Raku", and recorded two albums along with producer/drummer Marty Brown, who is now Clare's husband. 
Bowditch and Brown had their first daughter, Asha, in 2002, around the same time Bowditch received her first recording grant from Art's Victoria's Music for the Future program. "Autumn Bone" was recorded in the front room of their house in Melbourne, with Libby Chow and Warren Bloomer. "The Feeding Set" was a name Libby coined as a joke referring to the meals Bowditch cooked for them every Wednesday night (fact check required). 
Having performed on the Melbourne pub circuit since she was seventeen years old, first with "Quarter Acre Dream" and then with "Red Raku" (they recorded two albums), Bowditch first came to prominence in 2005 with the release of her second album "What Was Left", which received excellent critical reviews, and high rotation airplay on national radio stations such as Triple J, although her success can be largely credited to the strong support of local independent radio stations throughout Australia, who championed her early work.
Bowditch and her husband Marty toured extensively in Australia and later, Europe, often with Marty's band Art of Fighting. Much of this touring Bowditch has been accompanied by her band "The Feeding Set". On stage, Bowditch is known best for the beauty of her songs but also for her satirical on-stage humour, her unconventional use of everyday objects (tea-pots, bottles, old Casiotone) for sound-effects, and her ability to tell the truth but tell it slant. 
In 2005, Bowditch was invited by Deborah Conway to take part in the Broad Festival project, with three other Australian female artists, they performed their own and each other's songs. With Bowditch and Conway were Sara Storer, Katie Noonan and Ruby Hunter. In October, Bowditch and "The Feeding Set" licensed their second album, "What Was Left" to EMI. The album was publicly and critically recognised, with two songs being included in Triple J's Hottest 100.
Bowditch and "The Feeding Set" released their third album, "The Moon Looked On", on 13 October 2007.
In 2009, Clare and her family temporarily relocated to Berlin, where Clare wrote the album "Modern Day Addiction". 
The album was partly recorded with producer Mocky (who's also worked with Feist, Gonzales, Jamie Lidell & Peaches) at the legendary Hansa studios in Berlin, and completed in Australia with Clare's newly expanded eight-piece band "The New Slang". This album marks a decided change in direction for Bowditch, having been written on Casio and piano. In October 2009, she released her first single, "The Start of War", from "Modern Day Addiction". The song also features Bowditch's partner, Marty Brown, and Mick Harvey, formerly of Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds. The album became both 3RRR's "Album of the Week" and ABC Radio National's "Album of the Week". "Modern Day Addiction" is the first Bowditch album to enter the Australian Top Ten chart.
The fifth album from Bowditch, "The Winter I Chose Happiness", was released on 14 September 2012, with the lead single, "You Make Me Happy". A music video for the song "One Little River" was published in early May 2013 and was directed by French independent directors Hélène Authevelle and Christophe Thiebaut.
Touring.
In 2008 Bowditch temporarily moved to Berlin, Germany for three months to pursue opportunities to release her albums in Europe. This move was precipitated by a sold out twenty-five date experimental solo tour through major and regional venues in Australia, during which time she was supported by Australian band "Hot Little Hands" (Hot Little Hands' founding member is Tim Harvey from the band "The Feeding Set").
Bowditch supported Leonard Cohen on his 2010 Australian tour after being handpicked by the Canadian singer-songwriter. Bowditch was joined by fellow Australian musician Deborah Conway, who was the support act for the second show of the Melbourne stop of the tour. Bowditch revealed in a 2012 interview that she received a marriage proposal from Cohen during the tour, which also involved a shared journey in Cohen's private tour jet—Bowditch turned down the proposal and explained, "I got to spend all that time with him. Most of the time I just sat there watching and smiling and being amazed at the theatre of it all. He was absolutely charming."
The "Winter Secrets Tour" is an annual live event that Bowditch initiated in 2009. The tour is notable as Bowditch invites the audience to become involved as performers and artists from all Australian states are invited to record a cover version of one of her songs to compete for an AU$1,000 cash prize—in 2013 the song "One Little River" was the nominated song for the Winter Secrets competition. The event has sold out every year since its inception.
Collaborations.
On 1 July 2011, Bowditch released the EP, "Are You Ready Yet", which includes the single, "Now You're Home" (featuring Lanie Lane), as well as collaborations with Gotye.
Big Hearted Business.
Bowditch's creative social enterprise, Big Hearted Business (BHB), was devised prior to 2013, but in January 2013, the venture significantly developed through the Pozible campaign. In raising funds for the Pozible campaign, Bowditch has published the following description of BHB project:
Big Hearted Business was founded by Clare in 2013 with enormous support from family, friends, colleagues, and the 305 people who turned “the BHB idea” into one of the most successful crowd-funding campaigns in Australian history. It exists to teach creative people about business, and business people about creativity, in ways that make sense. 
BHB centres around the www.bigheartedbusiness.com, the website which houses a collection of “Inspiration Bombs” (film and sound collaborations between artists, thinkers and teachers).
BHB also runs an annual Business (un-) Conference for creative people who don't like business conferences, but want to learn how to make their living doing the thing they love. 
The inaugural Big Hearted Business conference was held on 23 and 24 March 2013 at the Abbotsford Convent in Melbourne, Australia. The speakers list of the event included comedian Catherine Deveny, writer Rachel Power and designer Lucy Feagins.
Journalism and writing.
Bowditch has been approached to take on several roles as a "social commentator": she wrote an article for ABC's "The Drum", entitled "Mr Jones and Me", and also made her debut on the ABC's "Q&A" program (she was the first panelist to also perform a song—"Bigger Than the Money"). In August 2010, Bowditch conducted an hour-long interview with Australian prime minister, Julia Gillard, for MySpace Today.
Acting.
Bowditch plays Rosanna Harding in Network Ten's "Offspring", a musician who does some work with Billie's husband Mick, played by Eddie Perfect.
In 2011, Bowditch co-wrote and performed a successful musical stage show based on the life and music of Eva Cassidy. The show, entitled "Tales from the Life of Eva Cassidy", featured Bowditch singing Cassidy's songs in the style of Cassidy, in addition to telling stories behind the songs and life of the late singer. The sold-out show was performed consecutively over two weeks at the Atheneum Theatre in Melbourne. 
Awards.
In 2006, Bowditch won the "Best Female Artist" award at the ARIA awards. 
In 2008 she was runner-up in the 2008 International Songwriting Competition, in the "Singer/songwriter" category, for her song, "Peccadilloes". The same year, she was voted Yen Magazine's "Young Woman of the Year (Music)".
In 2010, Bowditch was awarded Rolling Stone's "Woman of the Year" award for her "Contribution to Culture".
In the 2012 EG Music Awards, run by "The Age" newspaper, Bowditch received two ARIA Award nominations in the "Best Album" (for "The Winter I Chose Happiness") and "Best Female Artist" categories.
Band members.
"Modern Day Addiction" was recorded with Bowditch's newly expanded band, "The New Slang":
The New Slang
with additional members from the Royal Jelly Dixieland Band. 
The Feeding Set
Personal life.
Bowditch and husband Marty Brown are parents to three children - identical twin boys Oscar and Elijah (2007), and oldest daughter Asha (2002). 

</doc>
<doc id="2927930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927930" title="Prickly Pear Island">
Prickly Pear Island

Prickly Pear Island is an islet approx. 650 metres off the north shore coast of the much larger island of Antigua, West Indies. The island measures approx. 100 metres north to south, and approx. 50 metres east to west. The island is uninhabited, but frequently used for recreational excursions.

</doc>
<doc id="2927935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927935" title="Jay Nixon">
Jay Nixon

Jeremiah Wilson "Jay" Nixon (born February 13, 1956) is an American politician who is the 55th and current Governor of the U.S. state of Missouri. A member of the Democratic Party, Nixon was first elected Governor in 2008. He is not related to former United States President Richard Milhous Nixon.
Born in De Soto, Missouri, Nixon is the graduate of University of Missouri School of Law. Beginning a career in private practice, Nixon was elected to the Missouri State Senate in 1986. In 1988, after two years in the state senate, Nixon ran for the United States Senate; posing a challenge to incumbent Republican Senator John Danforth. Nixon lost in the general election with 31% of the vote, to Danforth's 67%. He served in the state senate until 1993, upon being elected as the Attorney General of Missouri. In 1998, Nixon again ran for the U.S. Senate; posing a challenge to incumbent Kit Bond and losing 52%-43%.
In 2008, after incumbent Republican Governor Matt Blunt announced his intention to not seek reelection, Nixon declared his candidacy for Governor of Missouri. He won in the Democratic primary, and faced Representative Kenny Hulshof in the general election. On November 4, 2008, Nixon defeated Hulshof and was elected Governor. Nixon was sworn in on January 12, 2009.
Early life.
Nixon is a lifelong resident of De Soto, Missouri, where he was born. His mother, Betty Lea (née Willson), was a teacher and president of the local school board, and his father, Jeremiah "Jerry" Nixon, served as the city's mayor. One of his paternal great-great-grandfathers was the brother of Democratic U.S. Senator Benjamin F. Jonas, of Louisiana. Another paternal ancestor, John Inskeep, had served as Mayor of Philadelphia (from 1800 to 1801 and 1805 to 1806). He graduated from the University of Missouri in 1978, later earning a law degree from the same institution.
Missouri State Senate.
After a period of private practice in his hometown, in 1986 Nixon was elected to the Missouri Senate from a district in Jefferson County, serving for three terms from 1987 to 1993.
1988 U.S. Senate Election.
He made his first bid for statewide office in 1988, an unsuccessful effort to oust incumbent U.S. Senator John Danforth. Nixon only won 32% of the vote compared to Danforth's 68%--at the time, the most lopsided defeat a Democrat had suffered in a statewide race in Missouri history.
Attorney General (1993-2009).
Nixon was first elected as Missouri's Attorney General on November 3, 1992, on a platform of fighting crime, cleaning up government corruption, and protecting consumers and the environment. Nixon followed William L. Webster as Attorney General. The 1992 race for Attorney General between Nixon and former State House Minority Leader David Steelman was especially heated; however Nixon beat Steelman 51%-45%.
Nixon was re-elected as Attorney General by a wide margin in 1996, 2000, and 2004.
1998 U.S. Senate election.
In 1998 he again made an unsuccessful run for U.S. Senate, losing to incumbent Republican Kit Bond.
Accomplishments.
One of the most popular programs Nixon has implemented is the state's No Call program. More than 3.5 million Missourians are a part of the No Call list, which reduces unwanted telemarketing calls. Nixon also has recovered more than $1.2 million from telemarketers who violated the No Call law.
Nixon's victory in the U.S. Supreme Court in "Nixon v. Shrink Missouri Government PAC" reinstated Missouri's campaign contribution limits and cleared the way nationally for campaign finance reform. In two other cases of significance, Nixon's work in the Blue Cross and Blue Shield and the Health Midwest cases have resulted in the formation of the state's two largest health care foundations, which will use more than $1.5 billion to help provide health care services to the state's population. Litigation by Nixon against tobacco companies for illegally marketing cigarettes to young people resulted in the largest settlement in the history of the state.
As Attorney General, Nixon created the Environmental Protection Division to enforce Missouri's environmental laws. Attorneys in this division take legal action to stop the pollution of the state's air, water and soil and to look after Missouri's agricultural interests. Successful litigation by the division has resulted in the cleanup of polluted sites and millions of dollars awarded to the state.
Nixon's aggressive actions in the Attorney General's Office earned him national recognition. Barrister magazine named him one of the 20 outstanding young lawyers in the nation, and the Missouri Jaycees selected him one of Ten Outstanding Young Missourians. Prior to becoming Attorney General, he was recognized by the Conservation Federation of Missouri for his environmental work as a state senator.
Jay Nixon received the Distinguished Eagle Scout Award (DESA). Of those Scouts who have attained the rank of Eagle Scout, fewer than one in 1,000 have received the Distinguished Eagle Scout Award. Gov. Nixon attained the rank of Eagle Scout in 1969 at the age of 13 as part of Troop 559 in De Soto. The award was presented by the Great Rivers Council on behalf of the National Eagle Scout Association and the Boy Scouts of America during 2010 as part of the 100th anniversary of the Boy Scouts of America. In 2013, he joined with nine mayors to established July 15 as Social Media Giving Day, encouraging citizens to support charities via social media.
Controversies.
As Attorney General, Nixon has also been heavily involved in controversial decisions regarding school desegregation, capital punishment, and abortion. Nixon has overseen the state's involvement in the court settlements that ended mandatory urban busing in St. Louis and Kansas City's public schools. His role in the desegregation cases has caused friction with some African American leaders. In addition, Missouri Republicans have criticized Nixon for his campaign managers' soliciting campaign contributions from utility companies, including Ameren during an ongoing criminal investigation by his office of the company, which were immediately returned when the matter drew attention.
The Missouri Information Analysis Center (MIAC) issued a report titled "The Modern Militia Movement" on February 20, 2009, informing the Missouri State Highway Patrol of several groups of people who could possibly be linked to domestic militia groups. According to the report, these groups included white Christians, supporters of third-party presidential candidates Ron Paul, Bob Barr, and Chuck Baldwin, as well as opponents of gun control, illegal immigration, abortion, the Federal Reserve System, and the Internal Revenue Service. Following a joint letter from Paul, Barr, and Baldwin condemning the report, Nixon and the MIAC issued an apology concerning the report and stated that it will no longer be displayed on any official state websites.
Governor of Missouri (2009-Present).
2008 election.
Governor Matt Blunt unexpectedly announced on January 22, 2008, that he would not seek a second term. By the filing deadline on March 25, 2008, three Democratic and five Republican candidates had filed. 
In the primary election on August 5, 2008, Nixon was selected to be the Democratic nominee, and U.S. Representative Kenny Hulshof was selected to be the Republican nominee. Nixon won the gubernatorial race by 19 percentage points over Hulshof to become Missouri's 55th governor (by 58% to 39%) on November 4, 2008.
2012 election.
The 2012 Missouri gubernatorial election was held on November 6, 2012. Nixon won the election against businessman Dave Spence.

</doc>
<doc id="2927952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927952" title="Countess of Stockton">
Countess of Stockton

The Countess of Stockton is a courtesy title granted to the wives of the Earl of Stockton. As the 1st Earl was widowed, the title has been used so far, only by the wives of the 2nd Earl of Stockton:

</doc>
<doc id="2927979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927979" title="Leandro N. Alem, Misiones">
Leandro N. Alem, Misiones

Leandro N. Alem is a city in the , and the head town of the department of the same name. At the it had a population of 25,404 inhabitants.
The city is named after Leandro Alem (1844–1896), one of the founders of the Radical Civic Union.

</doc>
<doc id="2927982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927982" title="Digital soil mapping">
Digital soil mapping

Digital Soil Mapping (DSM) in soil science, also referred to as predictive soil mapping or pedometric mapping, is the computer-assisted production of digital maps of soil types and soil properties. Soil mapping, in general, involves the creation and population of spatial soil information by the use of field and laboratory observational methods coupled with spatial and non-spatial soil inference systems. 
The international WORKING GROUP ON DIGITAL SOIL MAPPING (WG-DSM) defines digital soil mapping as ""the creation and the population of a geographically referenced soil databases generated at a given resolution by using field and laboratory observation methods coupled with environmental data through quantitative relationships."" 
Ambiguities.
DSM can rely upon, but is considered to be distinct from traditional soil mapping, which involves manual delineation of soil boundaries by field soil scientists. Soil maps (paper sheets) produced as result of manual delineation of soil mapping units may also be digitized or surveyors may draw boundaries using field computers, hence both traditional, knowledge-based and technology and data-driven soil mapping frameworks are in essence "digital". Unlike traditional soil mapping, Digital Soil Mapping is, however, considered to make an extensive use of:
In digital soil mapping, semi-automated techniques and technologies are used to acquire, process and visualize information on soils and auxiliary information, so that the end result can be obtained at cheaper costs. Products of the data-driven or statistical soil mapping are commonly assessed for the accuracy and uncertainty and can be more easily updated when new information comes available.
Digital Soil Mapping tries to overcome some of the drawbacks of the traditional soil maps that are often only focused on delineating soil-classes i.e. "soil types". Such traditional soil maps:

</doc>
<doc id="2927985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927985" title="The Hearts Filthy Lesson">
The Hearts Filthy Lesson

"The Hearts Filthy Lesson" is a song by David Bowie, from his 1995 album "Outside", and issued as a single ahead of the album. It showcased Bowie's new, industrial-influenced sound. The lack of an apostrophe in the title is deliberate. Lyrically, the single connects with the rest of the album, with Bowie offering a lament to "tyrannical futurist" Ramona A. Stone, a theme continued in subsequent songs. The song is also meant to confront Bowie's own perceptions about the ritual creation and degradation of art.
Critical reception to the song was generally tepid, though it would be re-evaluated by many critics when heard in the context of the "Outside" soon afterwards. Considering its defiantly noncommercial sound, the song did well to reach UK No. 35, also breaking Bowie's US chart drought (which stretched back to "Never Let Me Down" in 1987) by briefly peaking at US No. 92.
An immediate favourite at Bowie's live concerts, "The Hearts Filthy Lesson" had its cult status sealed when it was featured over the closing titles of David Fincher's 1995 film "Se7en", a film which mirrored the video's grimy visuals.
The single contained an "Alt. Mix" remixed by Trent Reznor and Dave Ogilvie with Chris Vrenna.
Music video.
The video featured a montage of art-style mutilations and gory "objets d'art" and was subsequently edited when shown on MTV. The clip was directed by Samuel Bayer, the man behind Nirvana's classic "Smells Like Teen Spirit" video. In interviews, Bowie commented on the "ritual art" aspects of "Outside:"

</doc>
<doc id="2927989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927989" title="Encyclopedic dictionary">
Encyclopedic dictionary

An encyclopedic dictionary typically includes a large number of short listings, arranged alphabetically, and discussing a wide range of topics. Encyclopedic dictionaries can be general, containing articles on topics in many different fields; or they can specialize in a particular field, such as Art, Biography, Law, Medicine, or Philosophy. They may also be organized around a particular academic, cultural, ethnic, or national perspective.
Historically, the term has been used to refer to any encyclopedic reference book (that is, one comprehensive in scope), which was organized alphabetically, as with the familiar dictionary. (The term "dictionary" preceded "encyclopedia" in common usage by about two centuries.) To convey their alphabetic method of organization and to contrast that method with other systems for classifying knowledge, many early encyclopedias were titled or sub-titled "a dictionary of arts and sciences" or something similar.
However, it later developed into a somewhat distinct class of reference books. While there are similarities, of course, to both dictionaries and encyclopedias, there are important distinctions as well: 
Compared to a dictionary, the encyclopedic dictionary offers a more complete description and a choice of entries selected to convey a range of knowledge. Compared to an encyclopedia, the encyclopedic dictionary offers ease of use, through summarized entries and in some cases more entries of separate terms; and often reduced size, and the reduced publishing and purchase cost that implies.
Of course, the question of how to structure the entries, and how much information to include, are among the core issues in organizing reference books. As different approaches are better suited to different uses or users, all three approaches have been in wide use since the end of the 18th century.
The title of the volume may not be a good indication of which type of reference it is, as commercial concerns may have affected the publisher's selection of a title.
History.
The encyclopedic dictionary evolved from the dictionary. John Harris subtitled his landmark "Lexicon Technicum" a "universal English dictionary of Arts and Sciences;" it was the first English-language, alphabetically ordered collection of knowledge.
The 18th-century encyclopedists, in turn, dramatically expanded the depth and, in some cases, substantially revised the organization of the encyclopedic dictionary to create the early major encyclopedias, the French "Encyclopédie" and later the British "Encyclopædia Britannica". However, such comprehensive works were costly and difficult to produce, and to keep current; and the detailed entries were not ideal for some reference uses. The first version of the German "Conversations-Lexikon" (1796-1808) was just 2,762 pages in six volumes, and while that work was later expanded, its format using numerous, less lengthy entries served as the principal model for many 19th-century encyclopedias and encyclopedic dictionaries. 
The principal English-language encyclopaedic dictionary of the nineteenth century was the 7-volume in 14 eponymous work by Robert Hunter (1823-1897), published by Cassell in 1879-88, and reprinted many times up to 1910, including (1895) as the mass-circulation Lloyd's Encyclopaedic Dictionary. Hunter was assisted by zoology author Henry Scherren and a small team of domestic assistants at his house in Loughton. In the USA, the dictionary was reissued with a variety of titles.

</doc>
<doc id="2927992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927992" title="Gold leaf">
Gold leaf

Gold leaf is gold that has been hammered into extremely thin sheets by goldbeating and is often used for gilding. Gold leaf is available in a wide variety of karats and shades. The most commonly used gold is 22-karat yellow gold.
Gold leaf is sometimes confused with metal leaf but they are different products. The term "metal leaf" is normally used for thin sheets of metal of any color that do not contain any real gold. Pure gold is 24 karats. Real yellow gold leaf is about 91% pure gold. Silver colored white gold is approximately 50% pure gold.
Layering gold leaf over a surface is called gold leafing or gilding. Traditional water gilding is the most difficult and highly regarded form of gold leafing. It has remained virtually unchanged for hundreds of years and is still done by hand.
In art.
Gold leaf is sometimes used in art in a "raw" state, without a gilding process. In cultures including the European Bronze Age it was used to wrap objects such as bullae simply by folding it tightly over, and the Classical group of gold lunulae are so thin, especially in the centre, that they might be classed as gold leaf. It has been used in jewellery in various periods, often as small pieces hanging freely.
Gold leaf has traditionally been most popular and most common in its use as gilding material for decoration of art (including statues and Eastern Christian icons) or the picture frames that are often used to hold or decorate paintings, mixed media, small objects (including jewelry) and paper art. Gold glass is gold leaf held between two pieces of glass, and was used for decorated Ancient Roman vessels, where some of the gold was scraped off to form an image, as well as tesserae gold mosaics. "Gold-ground" paintings, where the background of the figures was all in gold, was introduced in mosaics in later Early Christian art, and then used in icons and Western panel paintings until the late Middle Ages; all techniques use gold leaf. Gold leaf is also used in Buddhist art to decorate statues and symbols. Gold leafing can also be seen on domes in religious and public architecture. "Gold" frames made without leafing are also available for a considerably lower price, but traditionally some form of gold or metal leaf was preferred when possible and gold leafed (or silver leafed) moulding is still commonly available from many of the companies that produce commercially-available moulding for use as picture frames.
Culinary uses.
Gold leaf (as well as other Metal leaf such as Vark) is sometimes used to decorate food or drink, typically to promote a perception of luxury and high value; however, it is flavorless. It is occasionally found in desserts and confectionery, including chocolates, honey and "mithai". In India it may be used effectively as a garnish, with thin sheets placed on a main dish, especially on festive occasions. When used as an additive to food, gold has the E-number E175.
In Continental Europe liquors with tiny floating pieces of gold leaf are known of since the late 16th century; originally the practice was regarded as medicinal. Well-known examples are Danziger Goldwasser, originally from Gdańsk, Poland, which has been produced since at least 1598, Goldstrike from Amsterdam, and the Swiss Goldschläger, which is perhaps the best known in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="2928019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928019" title="The Vanguards">
The Vanguards

The Vanguards were a rock band from Oslo, Norway that debuted in 1961. Although the band disbanded eight years later, members continued to reunite for appearances during the 1970s.
The Vanguards was one of Norway's most popular rock band during the 1960s, playing mostly cover songs. Known band members included Bjørn Nordvang, Terje Rypdal, and Johnny Day.

</doc>
<doc id="2928023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928023" title="Huntley N. Spaulding">
Huntley N. Spaulding

Huntley Nowel Spaulding (October 30, 1869–November 14, 1955) was an American manufacturer and Republican politician from Rochester, New Hampshire. He was elected governor of New Hampshire (1927-1929). In addition, he was notable for his philanthropy in health and education.
Early life and education.
Huntley Nowel Spaulding was born in Townsend Harbor, Massachusetts, in 1869, to Jonas Spaulding and his wife, Emaline Cummings. He was the second of three sons and a daughter Marion. His father and uncle, Waldo, had founded a leatherboard mill in the town, which was the start of their family-owned manufacturing business. The young Spaulding was educated at Lawrence Academy at Groton, class of 1885, and later Phillips Exeter Academy, class of 1889. The family later moved to North Rochester, New Hampshire, where their father Jonas opened another mill.
Career.
Spaulding and his two brothers worked into the family business of their father in J. Spaulding and Sons. They helped manage mills in New Hampshire, Massachusetts, and New York, but lived in New Hampshire all their lives.
Spaulding became active in the Republican Party in New Hampshire. He followed in the footsteps of his younger brother Roland, who had been elected governor in 1914. He was Chairman of the New Hampshire's Food Production Committee and New Hampshire's federal food administrator World War I. He also served as chairman of the European Relief Council, a private charity that worked with other charities and government agencies to raise millions of dollars to aid orphans and refugees following the war. From 1921 to 1926 he was President of the State Board of Education.
He was elected Governor of New Hampshire in 1926, and served one term, 1927 to 1929, before the Great Depression began. 
The Spaulding Company was the major employer in Tonawanda, New York. After the death of their two brothers, Spaulding and his married sister Marion Potter designed a charitable trust for the Spaulding Company. It was to disburse all their assets within 15 years of the death of the last Spaulding sibling. Marion Spaulding Potter was the last survivor, living until 1957. 
Huntley Spaulding was known for his philanthropy in the fields of health and education. He served as president of the boards of trustees of Lawrence Academy and Tufts University. He died in Rochester, New Hampshire on November 14, 1955, and was buried at Mount Auburn Cemetery, Cambridge, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="2928024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928024" title="Love You till Tuesday (film)">
Love You till Tuesday (film)

Love You till Tuesday was a promotional film designed to showcase the talents of David Bowie, made in 1969. The film was the latest attempt by his manager, Kenneth Pitt, to bring Bowie to a wider audience. Pitt had undertaken the film after a suggestion by Günther Schneider, producer of German TV show "4-3-2-1 Musik Für Junge Leute" for the ZDF network.
Production.
Pitt hired his friend Malcolm J Thomson to direct the half-hour film, which showcased seven of Bowie's songs (four from his debut album, plus new compositions "When I'm Five" and "Ching-a-Ling". It would also include a mime piece, "The Mask". Before shooting started on 26 January 1969, Bowie added another new song to the planned film - "Space Oddity". His girlfriend at the time, Hermione Farthingale, and his friend John Hutchinson also performed in the movie. Bowie himself wore a wig throughout the shoot, having cut his hair to army regulation length to audition for the film of 'The Virgin Soldiers'. German language versions of three songs, and the narration for the mime sequence, were also recorded. Filming was finished by 7 February 1969.
The film was considerably more costly than Pitt had anticipated, and he clashed with Thomson, who wanted to make the "Space Oddity" segment (featuring Bowie playing both 'Ground Control' and 'Major Tom', with the latter becoming seduced by space maidens) considerably more risqué. The film failed to interest any buyers, however, and Schneider had left ZDF. Pitt shelved the results, and would continue to be Bowie's manager until 1971.
In 1984, with Bowie's global fame at an apex, the growing success of home video led Pitt to contact Polygram, who released the film in May of that year. Deram issued a 'soundtrack' compilation in the same month.
The film was re-released on DVD in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="2928042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928042" title="Pour Down Like Silver">
Pour Down Like Silver

__NOTOC__
Pour Down Like Silver is the third album by the British duo of singer/songwriter/guitarist Richard and singer Linda Thompson. It was recorded in the summer of 1975 and released in November 1975.
Background.
The Thompsons had adopted the Sufi faith in 1974 and had moved into a commune in London. The songs on this album reflect their new faith and the relief that Richard Thompson had found in that faith. 
It seems that various and conflicting pressures were bearing down on the duo at the time. 
And there was a recording contract. The Thompsons owed Island Records an album. The compromise seems to have been that the album to be delivered was to have a strong spiritual aspect. 
Linda Thompson: '"Pour Down Like Silver" was when Sheikh Abdul Q'adir said we could make music as long as it was to God... "Dimming of the Day", "Beat the Retreat", "Night Comes In", they're all about God, and considering they're all about God some of them aren't bad.' 
Despite these surrounding constraints and conflicts, the album is recognisably a Richard and Linda Thompson album in terms of melodies and the lyrical style.
"Pour Down Like Silver" was recorded at Sound Techniques studio in London, with John Wood engineering. Richard Thompson would have been familiar with both engineer and studio from his time with Fairport Convention. Joe Boyd, who had both produced and managed Fairport, did the vast majority of his production work at Sound Techniques and with Wood at the controls.
Richard Thompson had left Fairport Convention in 1971 with a considerable reputation as an electric guitar soloist. However, the first few albums of his post-Fairport career had placed more emphasis on the vocals and the songs themselves. As noted above, Thompson was under increasing pressure from his spiritual teacher to abandon the electric guitar. Certainly what recent live work there had been had placed the emphasis on acoustic guitar. 
So it was notable that "Pour Down Like Silver" and the live shows either side of the album’s release saw Thompson’s electric guitar returning to the spotlight. Concert performances featured extended guitar solos on "The Calvary Cross" (from "I Want to See the Bright Lights Tonight") and on "Night Comes In" and "For Shame of Doing Wrong" from the newly released "Pour Down Like Silver". 
The electric guitar is prominent indeed on the third Richard and Linda album. More so because of the more sparse arrangements and production that distinguish this album from its more lush sounding predecessor. Subsequently Thompson disclosed that this stark and simple production was more by accident than design. "It was a stark record, but I think it was by accident in a sense – we were intending to have Simon come and play rhythm guitar but he wasn’t available so everything ended up sounding very stark and I was always going to overdub rhythm guitar and stuff, but we thought we’ll just leave it, what the hell."
Thompson may perhaps be regarded as being a little too off-hand here. In fact he overdubbed mandolin, keyboard and multiple guitar parts on some tracks, and session musicians were also called in. Another noticeable instrumental element of the album is the accordion of John Kirkpatrick which is prominent both on this album and during the Thompsons' live shows in 1975.
The understated and elegant "Dimming of the Day" was sung by Linda Thompson on this album, but Richard Thompson has continued to feature it in his own live shows for many years - an indication of its deep personal significance. This song is an example of Thompson writing in a centuries old Sufic tradition of expressing divine love in earthly terms. On the album "Dimming of the Day" segues into a solo guitar performance of Scots composer James Scott Skinner's Dargai that perfectly matches the mood of the song and serves to bring the album to a contemplative conclusion.
"Night Comes In" is another song of profound personal significance and recounts Richard Thompson's formal initiation into the Sufi faith. The song is also notable for several prominent passages of electric guitar playing notable for their lyrical intensity - especially the closing, multi-tracked solo.
"Hard Luck Stories" is the most musically upbeat song on the album, with sardonic lyrics and a typically incisive guitar solo.
After this album and the following short tour Richard and Linda Thompson took a sabbatical from recording, writing and performing music.
Track listing.
All songs written by Richard Thompson except "Dargai" which was written by J. Scott Skinner and arranged by Thompson.
Bonus Tracks.
Available on 2003 Island Reissue

</doc>
<doc id="2928043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928043" title="Ebbe Grims-land">
Ebbe Grims-land

Ebbe Grims-land
Ebbe Grims-land (born June 11, 1915) is a Swedish composer and viola player. He is also one of Sweden's foremost mandolin players. He was born in Malmö.
Grims-land made his debut as violinist in Malmö in 1932 and has studied in Copenhagen, Stockholm and Vienna. From 1943 until 1974, he was a violist with the Swedish Radio Symphony Orchestra and other Stockholm ensembles.
Grims-land's first compositions, 1930s, were for chamber orchestra. He was an early member of "Föreningen Svenska Tonsättare" ("FST") (The Society of Swedish Composers).
In 2005 he became an honorary member of the chamber music association "Samtida Musik" (Contemporary Music), founded 1960 and situated in Stockholm.
Selected compositions.
His oeuvre includes more than 200 compositions.

</doc>
<doc id="2928044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928044" title="Sauer (Rhine)">
Sauer (Rhine)

The Sauer is a river in France (Alsace) and Germany (Rhineland-Palatinate). A left tributary of the river Rhine, its total length is about 70 km. Its upper course, in Germany, is called Saarbach. Its source is in the Palatinate forest, near the French border, south of Pirmasens. It flows into France near Schœnau, and continues through Wœrth and north of Haguenau. It flows into the Rhine in Seltz, opposite the mouth of the Murg.

</doc>
<doc id="2928046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928046" title="Clarendon Park, Leicester">
Clarendon Park, Leicester

Clarendon Park is an area in the south of the city of Leicester. It is bordered by Welford Road to the west, London Road to the east, Victoria Park to the north and Knighton Road to the south. It is part of Castle Ward and the constituency of Leicester South. There is one major shopping street Queens Road which runs north-south which is intersected near the middle of the area by Clarendon Park Road which links to Welford Road and London Road.
An important influence on the area is its proximity to the University of Leicester
Historically, the name derives from the fact that until the nineteenth century the area was a park owned by the Society of Friends, whose meeting house is situated in the area. Their opposition to the consumption of alcohol at one time led to there being very few pubs in the area, although several bars have opened in recent years along Queens Road.
Joe Orton lived in the area in his very early years.

</doc>
<doc id="2928050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928050" title="Roger Earl">
Roger Earl

Roger Earl (born 16 May 1946, Hampton Court, London, England) is the drummer of the band Foghat. A founding member, along with guitarist and vocalist "Lonesome" Dave Peverett, guitarist Rod Price, and bassist Tony Stevens, Earl is the only band member to have performed with the band throughout all of its various incarnations. Before founding Foghat, Earl was a member of Savoy Brown from 1968 to 1970 and auditioned (unsuccessfully) for the Jimi Hendrix Experience. Earl continues to tour with Foghat, playing around 70 dates a year, specialising in city-fests, biker conventions, the "stay where you play" casino circuit and classic rock cruises. 
Earl lives with his wife Linda on the North Shore, Long Island, west of Port Jefferson, New York. Roger Earl's brother, Colin Earl, played electric piano for Mungo Jerry and has done some studio recording with Foghat, most recently on Foghat's album "Last Train Home", which also featured Eddie Kirkland.
With the 2010 release of "Last Train Home", Roger Earl became the only musician to appear on all Foghat albums.
Carl Brutananadilewski, a character in the TV series "Aqua Teen Hunger Force", expressed in a commercial that he was a fan of Roger Earl, saying "I like the drummer from Foghat. That's my drummer."

</doc>
<doc id="2928057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928057" title="Philotas (disambiguation)">
Philotas (disambiguation)

Philotas was the son of Parmenion executed by Alexander the Great.
Philotas may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2928059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928059" title="WMMS">
WMMS

WMMS (100.7 FM) – branded 100.7 WMMS: The Buzzard – is a commercial radio station licensed to Cleveland, Ohio, serving Greater Cleveland and much of surrounding Northeast Ohio. Widely regarded as one of the most influential rock stations in America throughout its history, the station has also drawn controversy for unusually aggressive tactics both on and off the air.
Owned by Clear Channel Media and Entertainment and currently broadcasting a mix of active rock and hot talk, WMMS serves as the flagship station for "Rover's Morning Glory"; the Cleveland affiliate for "Skratch 'N Sniff" and "The House of Hair with Dee Snider"; the FM flagship for the Cleveland Indians; and the home of radio personality Alan Cox. Besides a standard analog transmission, WMMS broadcasts over two HD Radio channels, and is available online via iHeartRadio. The HD2 digital subchannel, which airs alternative rock under the brand 99X, also simulcasts over Cleveland translator W256BT (99.1 FM).
The WMMS studios are located at the former Centerior Energy building in the Cleveland suburb of Independence, while the station transmitter resides in neighboring Seven Hills. The WMMS call letters first referred to an owner – "MetroMedia Stereo" – but have since taken on a variety of other meanings.
Overview.
Created in April 1974 as "an ironic twist on Cleveland's down-and-out reputation as a decaying Rust Belt city," the station's longtime promotional mascot has been . In 1981, "Radio & Records" identified "the malevolent feathered figure" as "the best-known station symbol in the country." "De-emphasized" in the fall of 2007, the iconic scavenger was revived the following spring to coincide with both the station's 40th anniversary and the arrival of current morning personality Rover.
Throughout the 1970s and 80s, WMMS had a stable of personalities that remained fundamentally unchanged, attained a dominant market share in the local ratings and posted market record-high figures "never duplicated by any other station." WMMS played a key role in breaking several major acts in the U.S., including David Bowie, Rush, and Bruce Springsteen. Station employees went on to take director and executive-level positions in the recording industry, namely with labels RCA, Mercury, and Columbia. Considered "a true radio legend," WMMS DJ Kid Leo was chosen for "Rolling Stone's" "Heavy Hundred: The High and Mighty of the Music Industry" (1980) and named "The Best Disc Jockey in the Country" in a special 1987 issue of "Playboy". Noted filmmakers, including Cameron Crowe ("Almost Famous") and Paul Schrader ("Light of Day"), have called on both The Buzzard and its personnel while preparing for various rock-themed productions. WMMS was also a major driving force behind the successful campaign to bring the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame to Cleveland.
The station is not without controversy. Although "Rolling Stone" named WMMS "Best Radio Station" (Large Market) nine straight years (1979–87) as part of the magazine's annual Readers' Poll, the station admitted to stuffing the 1987 ballot following a February 1988 front-page story in "The Plain Dealer" exposing manipulation. Seven years later, members of both the station's staff and management pled guilty to disrupting a national broadcast of "The Howard Stern Show" that originated via the local Stern affiliate, cross-town rival WNCX. A federal offense, the act nearly cost WMMS its broadcasting license.
History.
Early years.
On March 30, 1946, radio station WHK – owned at that time by United Broadcasting Company, a subsidiary of Forest City Publishing, itself the parent company of "The Plain Dealer" – launched an experimental FM station under the callsign W8XUB at 107.1 megahertz (MHz). On July 31, 1947, W8XUB began broadcasting at 100.7 MHz. On November 13, 1947, the new FM station transitioned from experimental to commercial status; increased its power; and changed its callsign to WHKX.
On November 11, 1948, the station adopted the callsign WHK-FM. In 1958, both WHK and WHK-FM were sold to Metropolitan Broadcasting, itself renamed MetroMedia two years later. Like most early FM stations, WHK-FM mostly simulcast the Top 40 programming of its AM sister station. In 1966, in an effort to make the medium more commercially viable, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) mandated that FM stations could no longer duplicate the programming of their AM sister stations. Seeing a small but significant groundswell of support for the medium in the market, WHK-FM adopted a new progressive rock format on August 15, 1968. WHK-FM became one of a handful of commercial stations in the country to try that format, many of which were owned by MetroMedia. In order to firmly establish a separate identity, and to reflect the station's ownership, the WHK-FM callsign was changed to WMMS ("MetroMedia Stereo") on September 28, 1968.
Progressive rock (1968–73).
MetroMedia found major success with progressive rock at KMET/Los Angeles, KSAN/San Francisco, WMMR/Philadelphia and WNEW-FM/New York, but low ratings and revenue in Cleveland led the company to drop the format at WMMS by May 1969. The station first turned to adult contemporary, then Top 40, big band and finally the Drake-Chenault automated "Hit Parade '69".
WMMS reverted to progressive rock on September 11, 1970. Following a legal dispute with a competing station owner over non-compete clauses in their contracts, former WIXY personalities Dick Kemp and Lou "King" Kirby were signed by MetroMedia. The station briefly battled with WNCR of Nationwide Communications, itself filling the void created by the brief absence of WMMS on the rock scene. Key WNCR personnel (including former WHK-FM/WMMS personalities Martin Perlich and Billy Bass, and station newcomer David Spero) were soon hired by WMMS, taking most of their audience with them. During this time, WMMS was billed first as "Music Means Satisfaction", and later as the place "Where Music Means Something".
Under the leadership of station manager Billy Bass and program director Denny Sanders (who came to WMMS from Boston in 1971), WMMS helped break many new rock artists nationally, most notably David Bowie. Based on considerably high record sales in the Cleveland market, Bowie (in his Ziggy Stardust persona alongside The Spiders from Mars) kicked off his first U.S. tour in the "The Rock Capital" (a term coined by Bass). The WMMS-sponsored concert was a "phenomenal success" and prompted the station to sponsor a second show that year. This second show sold out immediately, and was held at the city's largest venue: Cleveland Public Hall.
In November 1972, WMMS was sold to Malrite Communications, a Michigan-based firm that relocated to Cleveland upon purchase. Under Malrite ownership, WMMS would become an album-oriented rock (AOR) powerhouse, much in the same vein as its former MetroMedia progressive rock siblings.
Coffee Break Concerts.
During this time, WMMS also began broadcasting a remarkable amount of live concerts, many of which originated in Cleveland and were produced by the station itself. The WMMS Coffee Break Concert was a weekly music-interview show broadcast live from the station's studio, and later with an audience at the Agora Ballroom. Warren Zevon, John Mellencamp, Lou Reed, Peter Frampton, and a host of others performed on the program over the years, recordings of which are still widely available as bootlegs. The WMMS Coffee Break Concerts were booked by Denny Sanders and hosted by Len "Boom" Goldberg, and later, Matt the Cat. The concert series continued on well into the 1990s and early 2000s, albeit much less frequently.
Album-oriented rock (1973–94).
From "Find Me" to FM powerhouse.
In July 1973, John Gorman joined WMMS as music director and was promoted to program director and operations manager two months later where he remained for thirteen years. During this time, with Denny Sanders as his creative services director and Rhonda Kiefer as programming assistant, WMMS broke all Cleveland ratings and revenue records. WMMS was the first radio station to employ full-time promotion and marketing directors: Dan Garfinkel and his successor, Jim Marchyshyn.
In time, the station adopted new slogans reflecting the callsign: "We're your Modern Music Station" and "your Music Marathon Station." Although never used on the air, listeners alternately knew the callsign as an acronym for "Weed Makes Me Smile" and "Magic MushroomS," the latter referencing the somewhat controversial logo used before the Buzzard. WMMS also began referring to its frequency in promotions as , a rounding-off which continued for the next decade.
Contrary to what many believe, the choice of the second Malrite logo had nothing to do with Buzzard Day, the annual "folksy event" held in Hinckley Township, Ohio. Rather, WMMS adopted a buzzard as its mascot in April 1974 because of the then tenuous economic state of Cleveland – less than five years away from becoming the first major American city to enter into default since the Great Depression – and the winged-creature's classification as a scavenger. In other words, the carrion-eating bird represented "death and dying" – a darkly comic reflection of the city's decline. EC horror comics, "Fritz the Cat", "Rocky and Bullwinkle", and even "Looney Tunes" – all served as inspirations for the "bird of prey with attitude" concept. The station was known as The Home of the Buzzard at first. was the co-creation of Gorman, Sanders and American Greetings artist David Helton.
A study conducted by MBA students at Case Western Reserve University in 1975 found that the new WMMS logo was more recognizable to those living in Greater Cleveland than both Chief Wahoo of the Cleveland Indians and even Coca-Cola.
From the onset, Helton's streamlined artwork resulted in an aggressive, yet family-friendly symbol for the station, one that continues to endure more than 40 years later. The Buzzard became synonymous with WMMS, Cleveland radio and the city itself, spawning a series of T-shirts so numerous that they are now impossible to catalog, many with slogans like "Where Music Means Something" and "Ruler of the Airwaves."
A major contributor to the ratings success was an airstaff that remained fundamentally unchanged for many years: personalities like Kid Leo, Jeff & Flash, Matt the Cat, Dia Stein, Denny Sanders, Murray Saul, Betty "Crash" Korvan, Ruby Cheeks (Debra Luray), BLF Bash (Bill Freeman), TR (Tom Renzy) and the late Len "Boom" Goldberg were invaluable to the station's popularity. Of all the personalities that worked at WMMS, Len "Boom" Goldberg remained the longest. He joined the station in early 1972 before its sale to Malrite, and stayed in different capacities until 2004. He was best known as the voice for the station's hourly IDs, music segues, sweepers, and commercials, and was also a member of "The Buzzard Morning Zoo" in the mid-80s.
WMMS during this period would play a key role in breaking several major acts in the U.S., including: Rush, Roxy Music, Bruce Springsteen, Southside Johnny, Fleetwood Mac, Meat Loaf, the Pretenders, the New York Dolls, Lou Reed, Mott the Hoople, Boston, and Cheap Trick. Of special note was the early support of Bruce Springsteen by Kid Leo and others, prior to the release of the "Born to Run" album. For the station's tenth anniversary in 1978, WMMS hosted and broadcast a live Springsteen concert at the Agora Theatre and Ballroom independent of his concert tour. Heavily bootlegged, the concert further cemented the relationship between the two in fans' minds, and well into the 2000s Cleveland remains one of Springsteen's strongest bases. Right up until his departure in 1988, Kid Leo played "Born to Run" as his signature sign-off song every Friday night at 5:55 to kick off the weekend for area listeners.
World Series of Rock.
The World Series of Rock was a recurring, day-long and usually multi-act summer rock concert held outdoors at Cleveland Municipal Stadium from 1974 through 1980. Belkin Productions staged these events, attracting popular hard rock bands and as many as 88,000 fans. WMMS sponsored the concerts. Attendance was by general admission. Concertgoers occasionally fell – or jumped – off the steep stadium upper deck onto the concrete seating area far below, causing serious injury. The Cleveland Free Clinic staffed aid stations in the stadium with physicians, nurses and other volunteers, and through 1977, made its treatment statistics public. From 1978 on, Belkin Productions conditioned its funding of the Free Clinic on the nondisclosure of the number of Clinic staff on duty at the concerts, the nature of conditions treated and the number of patients treated.
Rock Forty and the Rock Hall.
WMMS was directly influenced by then and current sister station WHTZ/New York (Z100), which rose to the top of the ratings books immediately after installing a contemporary hit radio (CHR) format. Among the more significant moves taken by WMMS was the formatting of the morning zoo concept created by Z100's Scott Shannon onto the show Jeff & Flash (Jeff Kinzbach and Ed Ferenc) were already hosting. Kinzbach and Ferenc had already been a morning team – with sidekicks – since 1976, seven years prior to adopting the "morning zoo" label, so the basic structure was already in place.
The music structure also was modified at this time as artists such as Michael Jackson, Madonna and Prince soon found airplay on WMMS. The change was done for many reasons: as a nod to the sudden influence Z100's format had on the Malrite group; Gorman and Sanders intention to stay with the current music trends as the album-oriented rock (AOR) format was, even then, in a state of decline; and as a means to attract a female audience. By 1984, the WMMS format moved to an CHR/AOR hybrid, playing a great deal of Top 40 rock singles in hot rotation mixed with album cuts; this new blended rock/Top 40 format was soon known by those at the station as Rock Forty. The station also started to devote weekend programming to the classic rock format.
In the mid-1980s, WMMS was an important contributor in organizing a campaign (along with former Cleveland ad agency president Edward Spizel and author-deejay Norm N. Nite) which brought the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame to Cleveland. John Gorman, Denny Sanders and Kid Leo organized the original campaign with Tunc Erim, assistant to Atlantic Records president Ahmet Ertegun.
John Gorman and Denny Sanders left the station in fall of 1986, leading fourteen staff members with them to start rival station WNCX. Gorman credits his decision to leave to changes in management, and the station's overall shift to a more "corporate" mentality.
"Rolling Stone" Readers' Poll.
"Rolling Stone" named WMMS "Radio Station of the Year" nine straight years (1979–87) as part of its annual Readers' Poll, but a February 1988 front-page story in "The Plain Dealer" revealed station employees had stuffed the annual survey's ballot box for the 1987 poll to allow for the possibility of a tenth straight win the following year. Lonnie Gronek, then general manager of the station, claimed in "The Plain Dealer" article that the process had gone on "for years", however other accounts dispute Gronek's claim.
The station claimed it was simply "a marketing strategy" and "much in line with what many stations did." Negative reaction was swift and widespread; some called the scheme a mere "lack of judgement," while a reporter for the "Akron Beacon Journal" compared the station's response to that of discredited former Vice-President Spiro Agnew.
Changing times.
By the late 1980s, most of the original staff members had departed: John Gorman and Denny Sanders left in 1986 to launch upstart station WNCX, and Columbia Records hired Kid Leo in 1988. Four different program directors, including Rich Piombino and Michael Luczak, came and went with varying levels of success. DJ additions included station engineer Ric Bennett as "Rocco the Rock Dog," Scooter (WMMS music director Brad Hanson), Lisa Dillon and station veteran Matt the Cat, who returned to the midday slot in 1990 after a two-year absence. However, Matt would be dismissed permanently from the station in late 1992, the victim of budget cuts.
Ratings steadily increased during the time of the First Gulf War, but "The Howard Stern Show" was soon picked up by a then struggling WNCX. Stern's ratings exploded and this – along with a growing urgency from management not to compete with or mention Stern on the air – led to a sudden and steep ratings decline for "The Buzzard Morning Zoo". Matt the Cat was permanently let go in December 1992 due to "budget problems." From 1991 to 1993, WMMS served as the FM flagship for the Cleveland Browns, sharing coverage with then-sister WHK; the late Nev Chandler served as play-by-play announcer. Unable to service its growing debt, Malrite chose to leave radio and sold off all its remaining properties in 1993: WMMS went to Shamrock Broadcasting, the Roy Disney broadcasting firm. Management ordered a change to the Buzzard by giving it a flat-top and mullet.
The station continued to decline during the ownership transition from Malrite to Shamrock; then Shamrock sold both WMMS and WHK to OmniAmerica, a broadcasting company run by former Malrite executives Carl Hirsch and Dean Thacker, which already owned oldies station WMJI. WMMS' decline culminated on April 14, 1994 with the high-profile departure of Jeff Kinzbach effectively ending "Jeff & Flash" on WMMS (Ferenc would leave the station several weeks later; both would pair up again at WWWE). Lisa Dillon, Ric Bennett and Tom Renzy also would depart the station that same day.
The Cleveland Funeral.
Among the most notorious broadcasts of "The Howard Stern Show" occurred on June 10, 1994. Stern had arrived on the Cleveland airwaves less than two years earlier, and in that time took his syndicated program on rival WNCX from an Arbitron ranking of thirteen to number one. As promised, Stern held a party for his fans on the streets of Cleveland – a "Funeral" for his local rivals, much like similar events held in New York, Los Angeles and Philadelphia – and broadcast it nationwide.
During the now infamous broadcast, WMMS engineer William Alford snipped a broadcast wire used for the Stern show's satellite feed. Stern continued on with the program over a phone line as engineers worked to quickly patch together the severed broadcast wire. Alford was subsequently caught, arrested and later sentenced to ten days in jail and a $1,000 fine. Station management initially claimed that Alford acted alone, however WMMS Promotions Director Heidi Klosterman – working under the name Heidi Kramer – later pled guilty to a felony charge of attempted disruption of a public service and a misdemeanor of receiving stolen property; Greg Smith, a former Klosterman colleague, pled guilty to a misdemeanor of breaking and entering.
Alternative rock (1994–97).
The Next Generation.
Already program director at OmniAmerica station WMJI, station veteran John Gorman returned to WMMS as vice-president and director of operations in early 1994. Gorman changed the WMMS format to alternative rock, playing new acts like Nirvana, The Offspring, and Nine Inch Nails. To emphasize this change, WMMS was re-branded and aggressively promoted as Buzzard Radio: The Next Generation, a reference to the success of "" and its continuation of the Star Trek franchise. Gorman brought back the original Buzzard design, now drawn by David Helton's successor Brian Chalmers. WMMS also lured popular morning personalities Brian Fowler and Joe Cronauer away from rival WENZ – then an alternative rock station known as – as the successors to Jeff and Flash (Jeff Kinzbach, Ed Ferenc) on "The Buzzard Morning Zoo".
While the change in programming alienated many longtime listeners – many of whom switched to WNCX and their full-time classic rock format – WMMS boosted its ratings for the first time in years with a new, younger audience. "Billboard" and "Airplay Monitor" magazines together named WMMS Rock Station of the Year (Medium Market) in 1995, and Modern Rock Station of the Year (Medium Market) in 1996. However, on May 3, 2013, "Cleveland Scene" reported that Zumock had been acquitted of the charge.
At this point, WMMS has not regained the number one total listener audience which it held, more or less continuously, from 1975 to 1991. Additionally, the station now carries more than nine hours of talk programming every weekday (moreover, during drive time). The station's problems are further compounded by lesser emphasis on local personalities (in particular, voice-tracking nights and weekends); ever shrinking and homogenized playlists; over-commercialization; greater censorship; and increasingly limited creative control. Much of this is attributed to the station's current ownership of Clear Channel Communications. Regardless, WMMS remains one of the most important rock stations in the history of FM radio. "Radio & Records" twice named WMMS "Rock Station of the Year: Markets 1-25" (2005–06) as part of the now defunct publication's annual Industry Achievement Awards.
Morning troubles.
From the 1994 exit of Jeff & Flash (Jeff Kinzbach, Ed Ferenc) – themselves enjoying a run of nearly twenty years – until the arrival of Rover (Shane French) in 2008, WMMS was beset by a roster of thirteen different morning shows in as many years. Ross Brittain temporarily filled in prior to the arrival of Brian and Joe (Brian Fowler, Joe Cronauer). Brian and Joe were moved to afternoons in February 1997 after a change in ownership; the station then turned to shock jock Liz Wilde (Anne Whittemore) from WPLL/Miami. Her firing less than a year later sparked a successful lawsuit against both the station and then-owner Nationwide Communications. Danny Czekalinski and Darla Jaye teamed up in October 1997 with Liz Wilde holdover Cory Lingus (Cory Gallant) until August 1998. Matt Harris served in the interim until WMMS hired Dick Dale (Bert Morris) from WPLA/Jacksonville.
In 2000 the station turned to "Wakin' up with Wolf and Mulrooney" (Bob Wolf, John Mulrooney) from sister station WPYX/Albany. The show was simulcast from Albany, marking the first time that a morning show on WMMS did not originate in Cleveland. The team did later relocate to Cleveland, but lasted only months until an acrimonious breakup forced the station to look elsewhere. Other shows, like "The Buzzard Morning Show with Rick and Megalis" (Rick Eberhart, Tom Megalis) and "WMMS Mornings with Sean, Cristi, and Hunter" (Sean Kelly, Cristi Cantle, Hunter Scott), came and went in quick succession. "The Bob and Tom Show" aired from 2006 through early 2008, the only time since adopting a rock format that WMMS carried a syndicated program in that time slot with no connection to the station throughout the duration of its run.
"The Maxwell Show".
Ohio native Maxwell (Benjamin Bornstein) was hired on for the WMMS afternoon drive in April 2004 following the departure of Slats (Tim Guinane) for rival station WXTM. An experienced on air personality, Maxwell was joined by WMMS music director Dan Stansbury and Chunk (Tiffany Peck), a young phone screener whose role grew significantly during the course of the show's run.
"The Maxwell Show" began as a mostly a kind-of rock/talk hybrid, but gradually became all talk. Maxwell was known for having feuds with other radio personalities during the show's time at WMMS, including fellow WMMS personality Rover of "Rover's Morning Glory" and fellow Clear Channel host Mike Trivisonno, airing directly opposite "The Maxwell Show" on WTAM.
On April 3, 2009, "The Maxwell Show" went on the air claiming that Metallica – in Cleveland for the 2009 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony the very next day – was playing a free show in the WMMS parking lot later that evening. Following the prank announcement, station management placed Maxwell on probation for 90 days. Already strained by ongoing contract renewal negotiations, the incident further alienated the two parties, and by November of that year the show was cancelled.
Current programming.
Hot talk accounts for all programming during weekday drive times, and the station currently serves as the FM flagship for the Cleveland Indians. WMMS continues to air rock music during middays, nights, and overnights; during nearly all weekend shifts; continuously on the HD2 digital subchannel; and online during Indians play-by-play. "Cleveland Magazine" describes the morning and afternoon drive programs as "talk shows with a younger, rock-oriented sensibility", and readers of "Cleveland Scene" named WMMS the best Cleveland radio station for music in 2009 ("Scene" readers also named WMMS the best station overall in 2010 and 2012).
WMMS airs regular traffic and weather updates via the Total Traffic and Weather Network and former sister station WOIO (TV channel 19), and the station satisfies FCC-mandated public affairs programming on Sunday mornings with the City Club of Cleveland's "Friday Forum". Most station imaging is produced out-of-market by national voice talents "David Lee" Olejniczak, Malcolm Ryker, and RenaMarie Villano; additional voice-over audio is produced on-site by WMMS assistant program director Miles Hlivko in a dual role as creative services director. WMMS also transmits text to compatible analog receivers, such as station IDs and artist and song information, via the Radio Data System (RDS); similarly, WMMS transmits text to HD Radio receivers known as Program Service Data (PSD). On January 29, 2014, "Chris Tyler" Merluzzo was named the new WMMS program director. Formerly program director for WHJY/Providence, Chris Tyler began in Cleveland on February 17, 2014.
"Rover's Morning Glory".
Radio personality Rover (Shane French), host of "Rover's Morning Glory", took over weekday mornings at WMMS on April 1, 2008 following a contract dispute with cross-town rival WKRK-FM; former WMMS program director John Gorman compared signing the popular morning personality to a "coup". Born in Chicago but raised in Las Vegas, Rover worked for rock stations KISW/Seattle and KXPK/Denver prior to arriving in the Cleveland radio market; the morning host also served as the Midwest replacement for Howard Stern following the latter's move to Sirius Satellite Radio in 2006. Co-hosts Duji (Susan Catanese) and Dominic Dieter, as well as phone screener Dumb (Shaun Street), each worked on "Rover's Morning Glory" before the move to WMMS; since then, the show has expanded to include sound effects producer Chocolate Charlie (Mike Toomey), show producer Rob Garguilo, and former intern Jeffrey LaRocque. The show formerly syndicated to WRXS/Columbus and WMFS/Memphis while at WMMS. Currently the show syndicates to WNDE/Indianapolis, WTFX-FM/Louisville, WZNE/Rochester, WXEG/Dayton, WAMX/Huntington, and WKGB-FM/Binghamton; simulcasts over Extreme Talk; replays continuously on a dedicated iHeartRadio channel; is available on demand through iHeartRadio; and broadcasts over the Livestream video platform. WMMS also airs "Rover Rewind", a weekly best-of show on Saturday mornings. Rover is under contract with WMMS through 2017.
Described by "The Plain Dealer" as "testosterone-fueled", the show dominates younger demographics, particularly male listeners ages 18–34. "Cleveland Magazine" has called the show a "juggernaut", and readers of "Cleveland Scene" named Rover the best Cleveland radio personality in 2009 and 2014 ("Scene" had previously recognized either Rover or his show four straight years, from 2004 to 2007, all prior to the move to WMMS). The broadcast consists entirely of talk, an edgy blend of current events, pop culture, and stories from the staff. Regular segments include "The Shizzy", a daily news update; "Tech Tuesday", where listeners pose consumer electronics questions to an industry expert; and "The Thursday Hook-Up", a call-in dating game. Rover regularly takes calls throughout the show, and often interviews guests in studio and over the phone. Cleveland Police briefly detained Ky-Mani Marley after the singer threatened Rover for comments made during an April 20, 2010 in-studio interview. On October 26, 2010, Rover hired a witch doctor to curse LeBron James after the NBA star left the Cleveland Cavaliers.
"The Alan Cox Show".
Radio personality Alan Cox, formerly host of "The Morning Fix" at WKQX/Chicago and "The Alan Cox Radio Show" at WXDX-FM/Pittsburgh, took over weekday afternoons as host of "The Alan Cox Show" on December 16, 2009. Joining the Chicago native are: Erika Lauren Wasilewski, a cast member on ""; and Bill Squire, a Cleveland area comedian who replaced former co-host Chad Zumock following the latter's exit in 2012. Described by "Talkers" magazine as "a bold anomaly worthy of industry attention", the show itself has successfully continued the format established by its predecessor "The Maxwell Show" – all talk during afternoon drive on an FM rock station. "The Alan Cox Show" is rated #1 in several key demographics, and readers of "Cleveland Scene" named Alan Cox the best Cleveland radio personality four straight years (2010–13). In addition to the live broadcast, the show streams a tape delay version on Extreme Talk; is available on demand through iHeartRadio; and can be downloaded as a podcast through iTunes. WMMS also airs "The Week in Cox", a weekly best-of show on Sunday mornings. Alan Cox is under contract with WMMS through 2014.
A devoted fan of heavy metal, Cox considers himself more of a comedian than a disc jockey. The show itself rapidly covers a range of topics in a comedic format, from major current events to obscure pop culture; regular segments like "Sperm News", "Why Florida Sucks", and "Are You Smarter Than a Dumbass?" typify the show's irreverent style. Cox also frequently takes calls from listeners, and often interviews guests in studio and over the phone. During a June 19, 2012 interview with Aerosmith frontman Steven Tyler, the show broke news of the delayed release for "Music from Another Dimension!", the band's first studio album in eight years. On February 9, 2010, the show aired "Parma State of Mind", both a parody of the Jay-Z/Alicia Keys hit "Empire State of Mind" and a way of continuing the Northeast Ohio tradition of poking fun at the Cleveland suburb. Dean DePiero, then mayor of Parma, criticized the song and its accompanying YouTube video: "It's pretty sick. ... The people who put it together aren't even smart enough to know where our city boundaries are." The show also drew national attention after holding a book burning party for "Fifty Shades of Grey" on July 8, 2012.
Rock music and HD2.
Active rock accounts for nearly all other regular programming. WMMS personality Maria Calo hosts the midday music shift, including: "Under the Covers", a daily segment devoted to cover songs; and "Big Hair Wednesday", a weekly segment devoted to hair metal. WMMS personality "Corey Rotic" Hawkins hosts both the weeknight music shift and "The Rock Report", a daily rock news update. Content for the weekday overnight shift, including music and on-air talent, comes from the active rock national format via the Premium Choice network. Maria, Corey Rotic, and WMMS assistant program director Miles Hlivko each host weekend music shifts. "The Saturday Sanitarium", a local block of Metallica airing Saturday nights, precedes "Skratch 'N Sniff", a mashup of rock and hip-hop via Compass Media Networks. On Sunday nights, "NEW! Discover & Uncover" features new and unsigned rock artists via iHeartRadio. Also on Sunday nights, Twisted Sister frontman Dee Snider hosts "The House of Hair with Dee Snider", a mix of heavy metal, glam metal, and hard rock via United Stations Radio Networks. Other weekend content arrives via Premium Choice.
Alternative rock accounts for nearly all programming on the HD2 digital subchannel. Branded 99X, WMMS-HD2 also simulcasts over Cleveland translator W256BT (99.1 FM). WMMS program director Chris Tyler also directs HD2 programming, while HD2 imaging is produced on-site by Miles Hlivko and "Alan Cox Show" co-host Erika Lauren. The majority of 99X content, including music and on-air talent, comes from the alternative rock national format via the Premium Choice network. In addition, Mötley Crüe co-founder Nikki Sixx hosts "Sixx Sense with Nikki Sixx", a weeknight mix of talk via Premiere Networks and alternative rock via Premium Choice. On Saturday nights, DJ/producer Diplo (Wesley Pentz) hosts "Diplo and Friends", a dance mixset via Premiere. On Sunday nights, Nikki Sixx hosts "The Side Show Countdown with Nikki Sixx", a late night companion to "Sixx Sense".
Indians coverage.
WMMS has served as the FM flagship station for the Cleveland Indians Radio Network since 2013, sharing coverage with AM sister station WTAM. Games are covered on-site by primary play-by-play announcer Tom Hamilton and secondary play-by-play announcer Jim Rosenhaus; together, both Hamilton and Rosenhaus provide commentary. WMMS also airs "Indians Warm-Up" and "Indians Wrap-Up", the network pregame and postgame shows, respectively. WMMS does not air weekday day games or "Tribe Talk", a weekly year-round network show. Play-by-play itself is limited to over-the-air FM; due to the Major League Baseball blackout policy for radio, the WMMS online stream does not air in-game coverage.
External links.
Current programming

</doc>
<doc id="2928064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928064" title="Hammerson">
Hammerson

Hammerson plc () is a major British property development and investment company. The firm switched to Real Estate Investment Trust status when REITs were introduced in the United Kingdom in January 2007. It is traded on the London Stock Exchange and it is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index; it is also a constituent of the FTSE EPRA/NAREIT Developed Europe index, among others. The majority of Hammerson's portfolio is in the United Kingdom, but is also operates in continental Europe, including operations in France, Spain and Germany. It invests mainly in offices and retail premises. It is also listed on Euronext stock exchange in Paris.
History.
The business was founded by Lewis Hammerson, who began to invest in property in 1942, converting houses into apartments. His company L.W. Hammerson & Co moved into the commercial property sector in 1948 and became a listed company in 1953. It first expanded outside the UK in the 1960s, when it moved into Australia, New Zealand and the United States. In the 1970s it ventured onto the continent and back in the UK it developed the Brent Cross Shopping Centre, which was the first major covered shopping centre in the country. In the 1990s the operations outside Europe were sold and further properties were acquired in Europe. The year 2003 saw the opening of the new Bullring shopping centre in Birmingham, which was one of the largest city centre retail developments ever built in the UK.
In October 2012, Hammerson sold its office property at Gresham Street in London for a total of £200 million to Kumpulan Wang Amanah Pencen, the Malaysian state pension fund.
Operations.
The Company's portfolio was valued at £5.9 billion as at 31 December 2013. Hammerson have interests in several major retail developments, including:
Hammerson, Henderson Group and Future Fund together form the Birmingham Alliance who are responsible for the Bullring, Martineau Place and the up-coming Martineau Galleries development.

</doc>
<doc id="2928094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928094" title="CXML">
CXML

cXML (commerce eXtensible Markup Language) is a protocol, created by Ariba in 1999, intended for communication of business documents between procurement applications, e-commerce hubs and suppliers. cXML is based on XML and provides formal XML schemas for standard business transactions, allowing programs to modify and validate documents without prior knowledge of their form.
The protocol does not include the full breadth of interactions some parties may wish to communicate. However, it can be expanded through the use of extrinsic elements and newly defined domains for various identifiers. This expansion is the limit of point-to-point configurations necessary for communication.
The current protocol includes documents for setup (company details and transaction profiles), catalogue content, application integration (including the widely used PunchOut feature), original, change and delete purchase orders and responses to all of these requests, order confirmation and ship notice documents (cXML analogues of EDI 855 and 856 transactions) and new invoice documents.
PunchOut is a protocol for interactive sessions managed across the Internet, a communication from one application to another, achieved through a dialog of real-time, synchronous cXML messages, which support user interaction at a remote site. This protocol is most commonly used today in the form of Procurement PunchOut, which specifically supports interactions between a procurement application and a supplier’s eCommerce web site and possibly includes an intermediary for authentication and version matching.
Proprietary issues.
cXML is published based on the input of many companies, and is controlled by Ariba. cXML is a protocol that is published for free on the Internet along with its DTD. It is open to all for their use without restrictions apart from publications of modifications and naming that new protocol. Essentially, everyone is free to use cXML with any and all modifications as long as they don't publish their own standard and call it "cXML". Beginning in February 1999, the cXML standard has been available for all to use. The details of its license agreement are found at http://cxml.org/license.html.

</doc>
<doc id="2928095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928095" title="Joseph De la Penha">
Joseph De la Penha

Joseph De la Penha was a Dutch merchant who was granted most of Labrador (between 54° and 60° latitude) by King William III in 1697.
History of the grant.
Ownership was passed on to his offspring and reconfirmed in 1732 and 1768. Dutch traders in Labrador in the early 1700s asked and received permission for trading with the indigenous population, probably both Inuit and Innu, and paid taxes to the De La Penha family. Descendants of the family are now found in the Netherlands, the USA the United Kingdom and Canada, and in all branches the ownership of the Labrador claim is part of their oral history. At least four cases over the ownership of Labrador were brought to court by the end of the 19th century. 
Simon Appleboom, an English non-observant Jewish man of Sephardic/Dutch descent from Spitalfields in the City of London began a legal action in New York in 1931 to look into his claim to his lineage to Rachel Penha. This claim was later lost in the need to focus on getting through WW2 without drawing too much attention to his ancestry and to integrate fully into English society. The solicitors involved were said to have kept his substantial investments. His descendants from London still hold a retainer from King William of Orange along with his British army service medals, but adhere to his philosophy that it should all belong to the British crown.

</doc>
<doc id="2928104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928104" title="Her Space Holiday">
Her Space Holiday

Her Space Holiday is the recording moniker of indietronic and indie rock artist Marc Bianchi.
History.
Marc Bianchi began as a musician in the California hardcore scene. He was a part of Indian Summer and Mohinder before assuming the moniker "Her Space Holiday" in 1996. Initially, Bianchi was not interested in releasing Her Space Holiday's first works, as he was focused on launching the bands associated with his new (now defunct) record label Audio Information Phenomena. However, after being approached by Chocolate River Industries to record a 12" EP, Her Space Holiday became Bianchi's full-time project.
Since the release of Her Space Holiday's first EP, the band has released six full length albums, several singles and EPs, and a remix album. He has toured with Bright Eyes, The Faint, Pinback, Bob Mould, The American Analog Set, Lymbyc Systym and others. He has also remixed songs from REM, Duster, The Faint, The American Analog Set, Xiu Xiu, and others.
Released on October 7, 2008 in the United States, "XOXO, Panda And The New Kid Revival" is a departure from previous Her Space Holiday albums and with a new, less electronically oriented sound. Bianchi brings a folk and jam feel and instrumentation to the material, with emphasis on songwriting. The live band for the Xoxo Panda material features Andrew Kenny of American Analog Set and Mike Bell & Jared Bell of Lymbyc Systym. This was followed with the release of a self-titled album on August 16, 2011, along with the announcement that this would be the last album from the Her Space Holiday project.
Discography.
Remix and compilation albums.
A promotional MP3 of the song "Sleepy Tigers," from the album XOXO, Panda And The New Kid Revival, can be found here.

</doc>
<doc id="2928105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928105" title="Number 1's (Destiny's Child album)">
Number 1's (Destiny's Child album)

"#1's" is a compilation album released by R&B group Destiny's Child containing songs from their albums "The Writing's on the Wall", "Survivor", "This Is the Remix", and "Destiny Fulfilled". Although it contains "No, No, No Part II", the version used is a shortened form of the extended remix featured on their remix album, meaning that no actual song from their self-titled debut was used.
It was released on October 25, 2005, charting at number one on the Billboard 200 album chart and number six on the UK Albums Chart. It is the best selling greatest-hits album by a female group and it was the group's first album to reach number one album in the United States after 2001's "Survivor".
Critical reception.
Andy Kellman from Allmusic rated "#1's" four and a half stars out of five and wrote "the disc reaffirms that Destiny's Child released some of the biggest R&B singles of the late '90s and early 2000s." "Slant Magazine" Sal Cinquemani criticized the album's title because only four of the singles — "Bills, Bills, Bills", "Say My Name", "Independent Women Part I" and "Bootylicious" — reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100. However, Cinquemani praised Destiny's Child's "impressive output, which includes some of the most recognizable R&B hits of the past bling/celly/status-obsessed five years". John A. Hanson of Sputnikmusic rated the album 3.5 out of 5 and summarized, "The album hits you with recognizable hit after recognizable hit, and they are all pretty much as perfect as contemporary R&B-pop gets." Yahoo! Music's Hattie Collins wrote, "Despite the low-points, this is a Destiny's Child must have collection of classics from one of R&B's most significant talents."
Chart performance.
"#1's" debuted at number one on the "Billboard" 200 and Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums charts of November 12, 2005, and sold 113,000 copies that week. The compilation has sold 1.1 million copies in the U.S. by the spring of 2006 according to Nielsen SoundScan and over 1.3 million as of 2011. It has been certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America.
In Japan, "#1's" debuted at number one, selling 154,000 copies in its first week and was eventually certified double platinum, selling over 750,000 copies. Worldwide the album has sold 3.5 million copies and became the best-selling greatest-hits album by an all female group.
In the week of Beyoncé Knowles' 4th studio album "4" reaching No. 1 in the UK in July 2011, "#1's" climbed from No. 111 back to No. 54 in the album's 42nd charting week.
Track listing.
DualDisc edition.
This edition is a double sided disc with the CD album on one side (track listing above) and a DVD on the other featuring the music videos:
Wal-Mart Exclusive DVD.
The album was released as an Exclusive 2-Pack at Wal-Mart including the CD and a Special DVD titled "Fan Pack II".
DVD features:
The exclusive 2-Pack was available at Wal-Mart for a limited time.

</doc>
<doc id="2928108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928108" title="John Wade (American football)">
John Wade (American football)

Robert John Wade (born January 25, 1975) is a former American football center. He was originally drafted by the Jacksonville Jaguars in the fifth round of the 1998 NFL Draft. He played college football at Marshall.
Wade has also played for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in his career.
Wade is married to Natalie, a school teacher.
Early years.
While attending Harrisonburg High School in Harrisonburg, Virginia, Wade was a three-year letterman in both football and baseball. In football, he was a first team All-District and a second team All-State honoree. In 2006, Harrisonburg High School named their weight room "The Wade Room", after him.
College years.
Wade attended Marshall University and was a two-year starter.
Professional career.
Wade, a 12-year professional and perennial starter, split his time in the NFL between the Jacksonville Jaguars (1998–2002) and Tampa Bay Buccaneers (2003–2007). He started 88 games in the past six years, missing just eight games in 2004 due to a dislocated knee. During John Wade's NFL career he started a total of 110 games, including 6 playoff starts. On March 31, 2008 he signed with the Oakland Raiders. Wade was released by the Raiders during the 2009 pre-season. They agreed to an injury settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="2928109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928109" title="Packet loss">
Packet loss

Packet loss occurs when one or more packets of data travelling across a computer network fail to reach their destination. Packet loss is distinguished as one of the three main error types encountered in digital communications; the other two being bit error and spurious packets caused due to noise.
Causes.
Packet loss can be caused by a number of factors including signal degradation over the network medium due to multi-path fading, packet drop because of channel congestion, corrupted packets rejected in-transit, faulty networking hardware, faulty network drivers, or normal routing routines (such as DSR in ad hoc networks ). Packet loss can also happen intentionally through network dissuasion technique for operational management purposes.
Effects.
When caused by network problems, lost or dropped packets can result in highly noticeable performance issues or jitter with streaming technologies, voice over IP, online gaming and videoconferencing, and will affect all other network applications to a degree. However, it is important to note that packet loss does not always indicate a problem. If the latency and the packet loss at the destination hop are acceptable then the hops prior to that one don't matter.
Packet recovery.
Some network transport protocols such as TCP provide for reliable delivery of packets. In the event of packet loss, the receiver asks for retransmission or the sender automatically resends any segments that have not been acknowledged. Although TCP can recover from packet loss, retransmitting missing packets causes the throughput of the connection to decrease. This drop in throughput is due to the sliding window protocols used for acknowledgment of received packets. In certain variants of TCP, if a transmitted packet is lost, it will be re-sent along with every packet that had been sent after it. This retransmission causes the overall throughput of the connection to drop.
Protocols such as UDP provide no recovery for lost packets. Applications that use UDP are expected to define their own mechanisms for handling packet loss.
Acceptable packet loss.
“The fraction of lost packets increases as the traffic intensity increases. Therefore, performance at a node is often measured not only in terms of delay, but also in terms of the probability of packet loss…a lost packet may be retransmitted on an end-to-end basis in order to ensure that all data are eventually transferred from source to destination.” The amount of packet loss that is acceptable depends on the type of data being sent. For example, for Voice over IP traffic, “issing one or two packets every now and then will not affect the quality of the conversation. Losses between 5% and 10% of the total packet stream will affect the quality significantly.” On the other hand, when transmitting a text document or web page, a single dropped packet could result in losing part of the file, which is where the aforementioned packet retransmission schemes are used.
When given a situation where the amount of content due to be pushed through a connection is growing at a rate greater than it is possible to push through that connection, also known as a bottleneck, then there is no other option than to drop packets. The TCP protocol is designed with a slow-start connection strategy so that excessive packet loss will cause the sender to throttle back and stop flooding the bottleneck point with data (using perceived packet loss as feedback to discover congestion). The data packets will be transmitted over a longer duration.
There are many methods used for determining which packets to drop. Most basic networking equipment will use FIFO queuing for packets waiting to go through the bottleneck and they will drop the packet if the queue is full at the time the packet is received. This type of packet dropping is called tail drop. However, dropping packets when the queue is full is undesirable for any connection that requires real-time throughput.
In cases where quality of service is rate limiting a connection, packets may be intentionally dropped in order to slow down specific services to ensure available bandwidth for other services marked with higher importance (like those used in the leaky bucket algorithm). For this reason, packet loss is not necessarily an indication of poor connection reliability or a bottleneck.
Packet loss is closely associated with quality of service considerations, and is related to the erlang unit of measure.
As a rule of thumb derived from day-to-day practical experience, in general with TCP/IP protocols a packet loss below 2.5% (25 lost packet in every 1000) can be tolerated; anything higher will have more or less impact (depending on circumstances) and needs to be addressed.

</doc>
<doc id="2928115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928115" title="Aronoff Center">
Aronoff Center

The Aronoff Center is a large performing arts center in downtown Cincinnati, Ohio. Events that can typically be found at the Aronoff Center include: plays, ballet, popular music concerts, stand-up comedy shows, and musicals. The center was designed by renowned architect César Pelli.
Performance and other facilities.
Additional Areas

</doc>
<doc id="2928120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928120" title="Thomas Dilward">
Thomas Dilward

Thomas Dilward (1840–1902), also known by the stage name Japanese Tommy, was an African-American dwarf who performed in the blackface minstrel show. He was also sometimes billed as "The African 'Tom Thumb'" and the "African Dwarf Tommy". 
Dilwared is one of only two known Blacks to have performed with white minstrel companies before the American Civil War (the other being William Henry Lane). Dilward's size, between 23 and 36 inches in height, made him a "curious attraction" and allowed him to take to the stage with whites at a time when almost no black men did; in addition, his stage name may have been intended to hide his ethnic background. He was famous for his skills at singing, dancing, and playing the violin. He has also been credited in John Russell Bartlett’s 1877 "Dictionary of Americanisms" with having invented the word hunky-dory, meaning "everything is all right". 
Biography.
Dilward was born in Brooklyn, New York. He first performed with George Christy in 1853, possibly as a response to General Tom Thumb, a dwarf appearing in productions staged by P. T. Barnum. Into the late 1860s, Dilward performed with Dan Bryant's Minstrels, Wood's Minstrels, the Morris Brothers' Minstrels, and Kelly and Leon's Minstrels. Beginning in the 1860s, he appeared with a number of black minstrel troupes.
Modern writers, such as Mel Watkins, cite Dilward as possibly being one of the first black entertainers to present some element of authentic black dance on the white American stage. He would also have had opportunity to present some degree of black comedy and song, but he probably did not stray far from the traditional, white-defined material.

</doc>
<doc id="2928121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928121" title="Flygbussarna">
Flygbussarna

Flygbussarna provide an airport bus service between many airports in and cities in Sweden. They are operated by "FAC Flygbussarna Airport Coaches AB".
Airports and cities served.
FAC Flygbussarna Airport Coaches provides bus transfer to and from eight airports and two harbours in Sweden.
Airports:
Harbours:
Advertising.
In 2009 Acne, a Swedish advertising company, built a coach bus using 50 wrecked cars. The construction resembling a real Flygbussarna coach bus was meant to encourage drivers to take the bus instead of driving their own cars, which would lead to less CO2 emissions.

</doc>
<doc id="2928124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928124" title="Monte Vista, Cape Town">
Monte Vista, Cape Town

Monte Vista is a suburb of Cape Town, South Africa, whose name meaning 'Mountain View' is derived from the fact that Table Mountain is clearly visible from it. Bordered by Edgemead, Welgelegen, Plattekloof Glen, and Goodwood. Monte Vista Primary School was built in the 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="2928130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928130" title="Ed Jones (American football)">
Ed Jones (American football)

Ed Lee "Too Tall" Jones (born February 23, 1951) is a retired American football player in the NFL who played 15 years for the Dallas Cowboys. He played from 1974–1978 and 1980–1989. In 1979, he attempted a career in professional boxing.
Early years.
Jones attended Jackson Central-Merry High School where he played baseball and basketball. He only played three football games, because his high school did not support the sport until his senior year. His basketball skills earned him All-America honors and scholarship offers from several Division I (NCAA) programs. He also had offers from Major League Baseball teams to play first base in their minor league systems.
As a senior he fought a Golden Gloves boxing match, recording a knockout of his opponent in less than a minute. He stopped shortly after that, when his basketball coach read an article about the fight, and made him choose between basketball and boxing.
College career.
He signed with Tennessee State University to play basketball, but left the team after two seasons, to concentrate on playing football under head coach John Merritt.
The 6'9" Jones received his famous nickname during his first football practice, after a teammate mentioned that his pants didn't fit, because he was “too tall to play football". In his new sport, he became a two-time All-American defensive lineman, playing on a team that only lost 2 games, en route to winning the black college football national championship in 1971 and 1973.
Jones ranks third in school history in sacks in a season (12) and fifth in career sacks (38). In 1999 he was voted to the 50th Anniversary Senior Bowl All-Time Team.
Professional career.
Dallas Cowboys (first stint).
In the 1974 NFL Draft, for the first time in their history, the Dallas Cowboys had the first overall draft choice. The No. 1 selection was acquired from the Houston Oilers in exchange for Tody Smith and Billy Parks. The Cowboys ended up drafting Jones, making him the first football player from a Historically Black College and University to go that high in the NFL draft.
He became a starter at left defensive end during his second season in 1975 and by 1977 he had helped the Cowboys win Super Bowl XII. After playing five years for the Cowboys from 1974 through 1978, Jones at 28 years old and in the prime of his athletic career, left football to attempt a professional boxing career.
Boxing career.
From November 1979 through January 1980, he won the six bouts he fought as a heavyweight, recording five knockouts.
There has always been discussions about the quality of his opponents; most of them were journeymen, the best probably being Mexican heavyweight champ Fernando Montes. But Jones was such an attraction, that CBS televised every one of his fights nationally.
After his last ring appearance on Jan. 26, 1980, he announced he would return to play for the Dallas Cowboys, but has never openly discussed his reasons.
Dallas Cowboys (second stint).
He returned to play for the 1980 season, replacing John Dutton at defensive end and performing better than his first stint with the team.
Jones earned All-Pro and Pro-Bowl honors three times from 1981 to 1983. He retired at the end of 1989 season, having never missed a game, playing the most games by any Cowboys player (232) and being tied with Mark Tuinei and Bill Bates for most seasons (15).
Jones was one of the most dominant defensive players of his era, playing in 16 playoff games and three Super Bowls. He was part of three NFC championship teams and the Super Bowl XII champion. His success batting down passes convinced the NFL to keep track of it as an official stat.
The NFL didn't start recognizing quarterback sacks as an official stat until 1982; although the Cowboys have their own records, dating back before the 1982 season. According to the Cowboys' stats, Jones is unofficially credited with a total of 106 quarterback sacks (third most in team history) and officially with 57. He is the fifth leading tackler in franchise history with 1,032.
Later life.
Jones was a guest referee at the World Wrestling Federation's WrestleMania 2 pay-per-view in 1986. He refereed from outside of the ring during the 20-man battle royale which included American football stars of the day.
Jones starred in a GEICO commercial that initially aired in late 2009. The commercial rhetorically asks if Jones is indeed "too tall," then confirms it by showing a nurse attempting to measure his height, but breaking the medical scale's height rod when it doesn't reach high enough. The nurse then mutters, "I'm just going to guesstimate."

</doc>
<doc id="2928134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928134" title="Petronel Malan">
Petronel Malan

Petronel Malan (born 23 February 1976 in Pretoria, South Africa) is a South African concert pianist.
Grammy-nominated South African pianist Malan is an exclusive recording artist for the internationally recognized label Hänssler Classic based in Holzgerlingen near Stuttgart in Germany. Her debut disc "Transfigured Bach: The Complete Bach Transcriptions of Bartok, Lipatti and Friedman", was nominated for three Grammy awards, including "Best Instrumental Solo Album 2004." The album was on the Top-10 list for Classic FM (Southern Africa) for over 30 weeks and was met with critical and audience appeal alike. Her second recording in the series "Transfigured Mozart," was released in 2006 during a 14-concert tour of South Africa, to commemorate the 250th anniversary of Mozart's birth. "Transfigured Beethoven" is slated for a 2008 release. As a "Blüthner Artist" she uses their pianos exclusively for her recordings.
Background.
Born into a political family in South Africa, of French Huguenot descent, she started piano lessons with her mother, an opera singer, at age four. Considered the "last prodigy" of the late South African pedagogue Adolph Hallis, she debuted with the Johannesburg Symphony at the age of ten. Malan won her first national gold medal at age twelve (ATKV Prelude Competitions) and her first international gold at age fourteen at the Third International Piano Competition in Marsala, Sicily. After winning every competition she was eligible to enter in South Africa, she emerged as the top South African pianist of her generation when she became the youngest person ever to win the coveted SABC Music Prize Competition. She relocated to the United States in 1991 to pursue her career.
Repertoire.
She continued her studies under Joseph Stanford, Steven de Groote and Ralph Votapek. Following her European debut in Rome in 1987, she has continued to make orchestral, recital and chamber music appearances on four continents. Highlights include prestigious venues such as Carnegie Recital Hall, Salle Cortot (Paris), Mozarteum (Salzburg), Liszt Museum (Budapest), Kravis Center (West Palm Beach), Orchestra Hall (Chicago) and Bass Hall (Fort Worth) and venues in St. Petersburg, Russia. Festival appearances include the Gilmore, Jasper, Great Romantics and Ravinia Festivals. She has worked with conductors like Dmitry Manilov, Omri Hadari, Yashima Takeda, Bernhard Gueller, Fuzao Kajima and Terence Kern. Broadcasts for television and radio include live performances in Europe, Canada, across the US (also on NPR) and several documentary television-profiles in South Africa.
Awards.
In 2000, four gold medals were awarded to her at the Louise McMahon International Music Competition, the Missouri Southern International Piano Competition (www.mssc.edu/msipc) the Hilton Head International Piano Competition (www.hhipc.org) and the Los Angeles Liszt Competition "Budapest Concert." She was also a grand prizewinner in the 2000 Web Concert Hall Competition (www.webconcerthall.com) and gold medalist in the Entergy Young Artist Award and the Grace Welsh Piano Prize, to name but a few.
In 2003, she was awarded the national "Rapport/City Press Prestige Award" as one of the "10 Most Inspirational Women Achievers" in South Africa. Ms. Malan completed her undergraduate studies at Michigan State University and her graduate degrees at the University of North Texas College of Music, studying with Joseph Banowetz. Upcoming performances include appearances in Korea, China, Canada, and an extended European tour in the Fall 2008. She is serving as honorary Artistic Director for the "Indian Summer in Levoca" festival (www.lblfestival.eu) and will perform several concerts in Slovakia, Hungary and the Czech Republic.
Recordings on Blüthner.
Ms. Malan is a Blüthner Concert Artist, and uses these instruments exclusively for her recordings.
General.
An icon in the South African music world, scholarships are donated in Malan's name. Petronel has graced magazine covers, appeared as a picture-clue in crossword puzzles and make regular charity appearances when in South Africa. Apart from a love for vintage gowns, her stage wardrobe is designed by foremost South African designers such as Henja Schaap and Hip Hop Clothing Company. A supporter of classical music in schools, she finds time in her touring schedule to visit schools and speak to students about classical music. 
She is currently living in Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="2928137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928137" title="Campaign for America's Future">
Campaign for America's Future

Campaign for America's Future (CAF) is an American political organization. Its main issues of concern include the environment, energy independence, health care reform, Social Security, and education. "The Nation" editor Katrina vanden Heuvel, former AFL-CIO president John Sweeney, and Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa serve on its board of directors.
Within the Democratic Party, it often serves as a counterweight to the Democratic Leadership Council (DLC). CAF argues that the Democratic Party should draw sharp contrasts with the Republicans and advance a progressive agenda, while the DLC argues that the party should pursue a centrist policy.
CAF is a 501(c)(4) non-profit organization. It has a sister organization called the Institute for America's Future, which is a 501(c)(3) non-partisan think tank that conducts research and analysis and publishes reports about political and economic policy issues.
The Institute for America's Future and the Center on Wisconsin Strategy sponsor a joint project called the Apollo Alliance, a coalition of environmentalists and labor unions, which seeks to commit the United States to energy independence while providing opportunity for what new "green-collar" jobs in the energy sector. It is named after John F. Kennedy's Apollo program.
History.
Founder and current president of Campaign for America's Future, Robert Borosage, first registered the organization in 1990. The organization did not reach non-profit status until 1994 and formally launched in 1996. At its launch, the Campaign for America's Future boasted 130 co-founders representing a multitude of liberal and progressive organizations.
The organization's founders saw that existing liberal groups were more active on social issues driven by conservative counterparts as opposed to so called "kitchen table issues" and pressing issues such as poverty, climate change and inequality. In general the founders felt the need to push these issues into the political debate. Furthermore, they felt that the country in general was being pushed toward the right without a proper counterbalance. They believed, then and now, "that conservative zealotry and cultural reaction were misleading our country, generating greater inequality, undermining the widely shared prosperity that is the foundation of America’s democracy and allowing corporate interests to distort our debate and dominate our elections".
Organization.
Co-Directors:
Roger Hickey, President
Robert L. Borosage, Secretary-Treasurer
Board Members:
Andrea Batista Schlesinger- Drum Major Institute
Lara Bergthold- Act III Productions
Jeff Faux- Economic Policy Institute
Leo Gerard- United Steelworkers
Eli Pariser- MoveOn.org
Hilary Shelton- NAACP Washington Bureau
Membership.
The Campaign for America's Future is made up of citizen activists and policy experts numbering 100.
According to Muckety, there is either a direct or a once-removed relationship between Campaign for America's Future and 86 entities in their database of the most influential people in America.
Donors.
The Campaign for America's Future does not disclose its donors. In the past, it has denied requests for a list of top donors and a spokesman said the group "discloses exactly what is required."
Mission.
The "strategic focus" of Campaign for America's Future and its sister organization, Institute for America's Future, is what they refer to as "kitchen table issues" such as "good jobs, health care, nurturing and educating children, and retirement security" and to form a majority in order to implement progressive reform. 
Achievements.
As a major liberal force in national politics, the Campaign for America's Future may boast that in its history there have been five presidential elections of which only in 2004 did a Republican Presidential candidate win both the popular vote and the electoral college, and that was a wartime incumbent in 2004.
"Take Back America" conference.
CAF holds an annual "Take Back America" conference, bringing together progressive activists, elected officials, bloggers, left-leaning media outlets, and others.
At the 2006 conference, Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton was booed for her stance on the Iraq War. In 2007, she was similarly booed, but not as loudly because she had modified her position on the war. The Politico sponsored a straw poll which Senator Barack Obama won with 29 percent of the vote.
The 2007 conference honored "progressive bloggers" with the Paul Wellstone Award, crediting them for driving the political debate. The once anonymous blogger Digby accepted the award, and in doing so, revealed that Digby was a woman from Santa Monica.
In October 2011, coincidentally coinciding with the growing Occupy Wall Street movement, the Campaign for America's Future held the "Take Back the American Dream" conference calling for the planning of demonstrations, a cohesive electoral strategy, and laid out strategies for combating the power of money in politics. With an aggressive agenda, the conference covered immigration, jobs, how citizens can combat the hold of financial institutions over Washington, public education, the cost of foreign conflicts, social security and medicare, green energy, defense and national security, and more.
Of the Occupy Wall Street movement co-director Robert Borosage said, "people are moving, they are moving on their own. They understand the need for action." At the conference plans for adding to the demonstrations were made calling for more protests beginning nationwide on November 17, 2011, just ahead of the so-called congressional super committee on deficit reduction reaches its conclusions. Also, Borosage referred to the protestors lack of connection to any specific politician as "liberating."

</doc>
<doc id="2928138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928138" title="The Pussycats">
The Pussycats

The Pussycats were a Norwegian rock band from Tromsø. Their members from 1963 to 1967 was their bassist and vocalist Sverre Kjelsberg their guitarist and vocalist Trond Graff their drummer Kaare Larsen their lead guitarist Ottar Aasegg and their keyboardist and vocalist Ingemar Stjärndahl. After a few months in Norway, they went out to Stockholm and were discovered by Sten Ekroth. And the year later they recorded their first album,e "!!Psst !!Psst!!" In 1965 they recorded their second and final album with the title "!!Mrrr !Mrrr!"

</doc>
<doc id="2928141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928141" title="Grey Ruegamer">
Grey Ruegamer

Christopher Grey Ruegamer [ROO-gah-mer] (born June 1, 1976) is an American football guard who is currently a free agent. He was drafted by the Miami Dolphins in the third round of the 1999 NFL Draft. He played college football at Arizona State.
Ruegamer has also been a member of the Pittsburgh Steelers, New England Patriots, Green Bay Packers, New York Giants and Seattle Seahawks. He has earned two Super Bowl rings in his career—with the Patriots in Super Bowl XXXVI and with the Giants in Super Bowl XLII.
Early years.
Ruegamer attended Bishop Gorman High School in Las Vegas, Nevada and won three varsity letters each in football and track and field and twice in wrestling.
College career.
Ruegamer played college football at Arizona State University, where he was a four-year starter. Ruegamer played for the Sun Devils in the 1997 Rose Bowl.
Professional career.
Miami Dolphins.
Ruegamer was originally drafted by the Miami Dolphins in the third round of the 1999 NFL Draft. He did not appear in a game his rookie season. The Dolphins waived Ruegamer on August 26, 2000.
Pittsburgh Steelers.
Ruegamer was signed to the practice squad of the Pittsburgh Steelers on August 29, 2000. He remained there until being signed by the New England Patriots on November 16.
New England Patriots.
Ruegamer played for the New England Patriots from 2000 to 2002, and appeared in the team's Super Bowl XXXVI victory over St. Louis Rams in 2001.
Green Bay Packers.
Ruegamer played for the Green Bay Packers from 2003 to 2005. He started 11 games for the Green Bay Packers in 2004 on a line that set single-season team records for fewest sacks allowed (14), first downs (354), net yards (6,357), and net passing yards (4,449).
New York Giants.
Ruegamer signed with the New York Giants in 2006 and played three seasons with the team. He appeared in New York's Super Bowl XLII victory over the New England Patriots.
Seattle Seahawks.
Ruegamer was signed by the Seattle Seahawks on July 31, 2009. He was released on August 25 when the team claimed center Brian De La Puente off waivers.
Personal.
Ruegamer's Uncle Bob played with the University of Minnesota in the 1961 and 1962 Rose Bowls.
Ruegamer has a Basque family friend and has helped the friend castrate lamb with his teeth.
Ruegamer is a prankster and is also known for showing up to Friday practices in costume. He keeps all his toenail clippings and callous shavings in a cup all season long. If anyone messes with him and he deems it necessary, he will dump the cup in personal belongings of theirs.
True to his name, Ruegamer may be the only active NFL player with predominantly grey hair.

</doc>
<doc id="2928143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928143" title="Soil map">
Soil map

Soil map is a map i.e. a geographical representation showing diversity of soil types and/or soil properties (soil pH, textures, organic matter, depths of horizons etc.) in the area of interest. It is typically the end result of a soil survey inventory, i.e. soil survey. Soil maps are most commonly used for land evaluation, spatial planning, agricultural extension, environmental protection and similar projects. Traditional soil maps typically show only general distribution of soils, accompanied by the soil survey report. Many new soil maps are derived using digital soil mapping techniques. Such maps are typically richer in context and show higher spatial detail than traditional soil maps. Soil maps produced using (geo)statistical techniques also include an estimate of the model uncertainty.
In the digital era, soil maps come in various digital vector and raster formats and are used for various applications in geosciences and environmental sciences. In this context, soil maps are only visualizations of the soil resource inventories commonly stored in a Soil Information System (SIS), of which the major part is a Soil Geographical Database. A Soil Information System is basically a systematic collection of complete (values of the target soil variables available for the whole area of interest) and consistent gridded or vector soil property and/or class maps with an attached report, user manual and/or metadata. A SIS is in the most cases, a combination of polygon and point maps linked with attribute tables for profile observations, soil mapping units and soil classes. Different elements of an SIS can be manipulated and then visualized against the spatial reference (grids or polygons). For example, soil profiles can be used to make spatial prediction of different chemical and physical soil properties. In the case of pedometric mapping, both predictions and simulations (2D or 3D — geographic location plus soil depth) of values are visualized and used for GIS modeling. 
It is important to distinguish between the following types of "soil maps":
One should also distinguish soil maps that display primary soil attributes, i.e. the soil attributes originally described or measured in the field, and the soil inferred attributes also called secondary soil information, i.e. the properties of the soils in the context of the soil use: soil production capacity, soil reaction to certain use, soil functions, soil degradation measures etc.

</doc>
<doc id="2928145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928145" title="B-V colour">
B-V colour

B-V colour is one of the two colour indices in the UBV photometric system.
Astronomers measure the amount of light a star gives off in different colours. As a result of Wien's displacement law, hot stars give off more blue light than red; cool stars give off more red light than blue. Coloured filters are used to measure different wavelengths of light from stars. The magnitude of the star is measured first through a standardized B-band ("blue") filter. Then the star's magnitude is measured through a V-band ("visible", peaking in green) filter. The value of V is subtracted from B to get the B-V colour index.
As a star gets cooler and therefore more red, the B-V colour index increases, since smaller magnitudes correspond to brighter light. Hot stars have a small B-V and cool stars have a large B-V. Hotter stars therefore appear to the left on the Hertzsprung-Russell diagram and cooler stars appear on the right.

</doc>
<doc id="2928148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928148" title="Hirota">
Hirota

Hirota is a Japanese surname. There is a number of variant spellings, including 廣田, 広田, 弘田 and 弘太.
People with the name include:
Place names:
Others:

</doc>
<doc id="2928151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928151" title="Romanization of Kyrgyz">
Romanization of Kyrgyz

The Kyrgyz language language is written in the Kyrgyz alphabet, a modification of Cyrillic. There is not one commonly accepted system of romanization of Kyrgyz, i.e. a rendering of Kyrgyz in the Latin alphabet. Some Kyrgyz romanization systems are given below:
Besides these systems, one may encounter different romanizations on e.g. road signs in Kyrgyzstan. For instance, "Чок" may be romanized as "Czoc".

</doc>
<doc id="2928158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928158" title="St Edmund's School">
St Edmund's School

St Edmund's School Canterbury is an independent day and boarding school located in Canterbury, Kent, England. The school is located at the top of St Thomas' Hill, Canterbury.
Background.
St Edmund's School Canterbury was first established in 1749, as the Clergy Orphan Society in Yorkshire. In 1812, the school moved to St John's Wood at the nursery end of Lord's Cricket Ground. An associated school for girls was located on the same site, but later moved to become St Margaret's School, Bushey in Hertfordshire.
In 1855, the school moved to Canterbury. The acquisition of property and financing to build the school was provided by Samuel Warneford. The main school building was designed by the architect Philip Charles Hardwick, while the chapel was completed in 1858.
Programs.
In 1972, the choristers of Canterbury Cathedral joined the Junior School as the Choir House. In 1982, girls were admitted to the school.

</doc>
<doc id="2928160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928160" title="Charles W. Tobey">
Charles W. Tobey

Charles William Tobey (July 22, 1880July 24, 1953) was an American politician, who was a Governor of New Hampshire and a United States senator, was born in Roxbury, Massachusetts, the son of William Tobey, an accountant, and Ellen Hall Parker Tobey. His father had moved to Massachusetts from Maine in the 1860s. Charles Tobey had relatively little formal education. He attended the Roxbury Latin School for four years (being part of the Class of 1897), but was forced to withdraw before graduation because of family financial difficulties. He had a thorough knowledge of the Bible, however, which he gained from his mother, an ardent Baptist. As a result Tobey's speeches were always marked by a generous sprinkling of biblical quotations and classical allusions.
On June 4, 1902, Tobey married Francelia Lovett. A year later they began to spend summers in Temple, New Hampshire, on an old farm that they had purchased. For several years Tobey commuted during the summers to Boston, where he worked as a clerk for various insurance and banking firms. In 1911, however, he decided to move to Temple and become a full-time farmer. He was a good poultryman and considered himself a farmer for the remainder of his life, although in 1916 he moved to Manchester, New Hampshire, to resume a career as a bond salesman. His four children were born in Temple, which Tobey always maintained as his legal residence.
Tobey served on the Temple school board and the board of selectmen. In 1914 he was elected to the state legislature as a candidate of the Progressive Party. He was a friend and disciple of the progressive Republican Robert P. Bass, a former governor. New Hampshire progressivism was characterized by an effort to democratize the processes and make equitable the administration of government and to challenge powerful economic interests such as the Boston and Maine Railroad. Tobey's hard-working manner, wit, and commonsense intelligence led to his political success. He served three non-consecutive terms in the New Hampshire House of Representatives and was speaker in 1919-1920, winning an important victory over the old-guard candidate. Tobey had returned to the Republican Party after the 1914 election.
Tobey's experience in the bonding business as well as his general reputation and political contacts led to his selection as New Hampshire Liberty Loan chairman during World War I. Later, as a member of the New Hampshire Food Administration, he came to know Herbert Hoover, who, together with Bass and Charles Evans Hughes, greatly influenced Tobey's political beliefs.
In 1924 Tobey was elected to the New Hampshire Senate, and he served as president of that body during the administration of progressive governor John Gilbert Winant. In 1928, despite opposition in the primary from the old guard, led by George Moses, Tobey won the governorship. During the first two years of the Great Depression, he retained a progressive approach to government operation and continued the state road-building program. But Tobey resembled President Hoover in his budget-tightening approach to economic disaster.
Tobey did not run for re-election in 1930, in part because of personal financial problems. In 1932, however, he won a seat in the United States House of Representatives and was re-elected in 1934 and 1936. Tobey supported early New Deal relief measures, but became an increasingly outspoken foe of Franklin D. Roosevelt. He opposed efforts to restructure the economy, and he expressed great concern over the growth of executive power. In 1938 he joined Styles Bridges, another Bass protégé and the manager of Tobey's 1928 gubernatorial victory, in the United States Senate.
Tobey joined with the isolationist bloc in the Senate in opposition to the Roosevelt administration's policies on neutrality and preparedness. He blamed producers of war materials for American entry into World War I. He allied himself with Gerald Nye, Charles Lindbergh, and the America First Committee, and his statements occasionally contained elements of anti-Semitism. Bass and other internationalists among his old allies broke with Tobey on this issue, and the junior senator was further isolated when Styles Bridges became the champion of preparedness.
After the Attack on Pearl Harbor, Tobey supported the war, but his enthusiasm was limited. However, political as well as philosophical considerations led him to a more internationalist position by 1944. Facing an election challenge from the Bass wing of the party as well as from the followers of Bridges and Frank Knox, Tobey sought and received an appointment as delegate to the United Nations Monetary and Financial Conference at Bretton Woods, New Hampshire; he also defended the International Monetary Fund, but he still rejected the "one-worlders," as he described the Wendell Willkie wing of his party. In the days immediately following the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, Tobey was criticized by other Senators for revealing classified details of the extent of the damage done to the Navy; Tobey argued that the people had the right to know the truth.
Tobey joined with Wayne Morse and George Aiken in opposing Robert A. Taft's leadership of the Senate Republicans and supporting President Harry S. Truman on several important votes during the 80th Congress. The illness and death of his wife in 1947 restricted his role in the Marshall Plan debate, but by then he had clearly become an advocate of interdependence. On May 26, 1948, Tobey married Loretta Capell Rabenhorst. After his second wife's death, he married Lillian Crompton in 1952.
The same year Tobey supported the presidential election of Dwight D. Eisenhower. An early opponent of Senator Joseph McCarthy, Tobey was re-elected despite a Bridges-led challenge that accused him of being soft on Communism. Further national recognition came to him through his role in the nationally-televised hearings on organized crime, the Kefauver hearings. Tobey was at the peak of his career when he died suddenly in Bethesda, Maryland from a coronary thrombosis at the Bethesda Naval Hospital. He is buried at the Miller Cemetery in Temple, New Hampshire.
Tobey's politics were variously described as liberal, conservative, and progressive. None of these terms is quite adequate. A quiet, non-aggressive nationalism and an unwavering belief in the dignity of the individual capped his values. But his views altered with changing contexts, new definitions of governmental responsibility, and new understanding of the international role of the United States. He was not always on the side of the majority. A "New York Times" obituary noted that his "independence and sharp tongue made him one of the more colorful figures in American public life."

</doc>
<doc id="2928161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928161" title="Berlin Brandenburgish dialects">
Berlin Brandenburgish dialects

Berlin-Brandenburgish is a group of East Central German dialects spoken in the central and southern parts of Brandenburg as well as in Berlin (Berlinerisch dialect). It is not to be confused with the Low German Brandenburgisch dialect (Markish) still spoken in northern Brandenburg.
Overview.
With the growth of Berlin the original East Low German Brandenburgish dialect has been strongly influenced by East Central German dialects, so that Berlin-Brandenburgish today is mostly classified as East Central German.

</doc>
<doc id="2928164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928164" title="Jeff Dugan">
Jeff Dugan

Jeffery Stephen Dugan (born April 8, 1981) is a retired American football tight end and fullback. He was drafted by the Minnesota Vikings in seventh round of 2004 NFL Draft. He played college football for the University of Maryland. Before college Dugan attended Central Catholic High School, where NFL quarterbacks Dan Marino and Marc Bulger attended.
College career.
Dugan attended the University of Maryland, College Park, and he finished his career with 55 receptions for 649 yards (11.8 yards per rec. avg.), and three touchdowns. As a true freshman, he was named the team's freshman of the year and was a Freshman All-American third team selection by the Sports Page. After the first game of the year, he took over the starting job. He was second on the team in receptions, with 25. In his sophomore year, he started 10 games and was used primarily as a blocker, but had 7 receptions for 64 yards and a touchdown. In his junior year, he started every game and caught 9 passes for 91 yards and a touchdown and was named ACC honorable mention. In his senior year in 2003, he caught 14 passes for 175 yards and was named to the All-ACC second team.
Professional career.
Minnesota Vikings.
Dugan was selected by the Minnesota Vikings in the seventh round of the 2004 NFL Draft. In his rookie season, he played in 14 of 16 regular season games, made two starts, and played in two playoff games. Dugan played in the third most games, for Viking rookies that season. Jeff had a career high three tackles on special teams in a game against Green Bay on November 14, notched a special teams tackle versus Detroit, and made his first career start on Monday Night Football against the Philadelphia Eagles on September 20. Jeff's 2005 season consisted of only one game against the Atlanta Falcons on October 2. He was then listed as inactive for 15 regular season games. Dugan made his first career playoff start versus Green Bay, on January 9, 2005.
In 2006, Dugan made his transition from tight end to full back, when Tony Richardson had a season-ending injury. Dugan handled the transition admirably, and assisted Chester Taylor, as he ran for 1,214 yards, which became the fourth highest in Vikings history. Dugan also helped a pair of running backs rush for 100+ yards in the final seven games of the season. Dugan contributed on special teams as well.
Dugan has proven himself to be very beneficial for the Vikings. Along with his receiving skills, Dugan also has the ability to line up in the back field as a full back. He was a key contributor to Chester Taylor's success last season with his blocking skills, and can also play on special teams.
On September 3, 2011, Dugan was waived by the Minnesota Vikings to make room for the 53 man roster.
Personal.
He has been spending his off-season pursuing his MBA at Northwestern's Kellogg School of Management.

</doc>
<doc id="2928165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928165" title="Qualitynet">
Qualitynet

QualityNet is a data and Internet service provider operating in Kuwait. It was established in 1998, after the Ministry of Communication made it possible for private companies to provide data communication services. QualityNet achieved ISO 9001:2000 certification, by which it also became the first company in Kuwait to be awarded with this recognition in this industry.
The company's backbone network is based on a fiber optic medium with a centralized ATM switch and numerous access nodes to provide coverage in Kuwait. The access to the backbone network is primarily through Frame Relay, ADSL and ISDN technologies. QualityNet uses a combination of Teleglobe and EMIX for their international connectivity.
Ali Alghanim & Sons General Trading Company, Bahrain Telecommunications Company (Batelco), and
National Bank of Kuwait are shareholders.
QualityNet provides services to cater to residential and SMB customers, as well as corporate and Enterprise Solutions for large business segments. In 2005, the company launched its ICT services segment, in association with a number of companies abroad. Later in the year 2006, the company also introduced its Smart Building Solutions portfolio. Because of the introduction of these segments, Qualitynet has moved from being an Internet services provider to a total solutions provider.
Residential Internet Services.
1- DSL
2-Fiber (GPON)
3-Gaming Package
4-DSL Bonding
5-Nitro
6-Free Internet – Elmnet
7-Prepaid DSL
Business & Enterprise Services.
1-Corporate Internet Services Corporate ADSL (Open Bandwidth) 
2-Corporate Data Services 
3-Global Services 
4-Value Added Services 
5-Communication Platform
6-Information and Communications Technology Solutions
7-Kiosk & Enterprise Applications
8-Carrier Grade Solutions 
9-Infrastructure Solutions
Technology & Consumer Services.
1-Home Security Solutions
2-Vulkano
3-Parental Control
4-QPlay
5-Qfi
Qualitynet’s Rewards Program.
Testahel Rewards Program
Subscribe & Renew Online.
1-Residential Services
2- Business Services 
3-Cards Services
Contacts us.
Head Office (965) 1808888
Fax (965) 22414357
Residential Sales (965) 1827827
Corporate Sales (965) 22240000 
Customer Service Center (965) 1804444
Network Management Center (965) 1804466 – 183183
Head Office Location:
Kuwait,Sharq,Block1
Al Mutanabbi Street, Al Khaleejia Complex, 3rd Floor.
Working Houres:
8:00 AM to 9:00 PM
9:00 AM to 1:00 PM
Socialize with us.
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube
LinkedIn 
Google Plus

</doc>
<doc id="2928167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928167" title="Miranda Macmillan, Countess of Stockton">
Miranda Macmillan, Countess of Stockton

Miranda Macmillan, Countess of Stockton (born 1947) is an Australian former fashion model, married to the 2nd Earl of Stockton. She is now styled as the The Countess of Stockton.
Family.
She was born as Miranda Elizabeth Louise Quarry in Wokingham, Berkshire, the daughter of Richard Bridges St. John Quarry and his first wife, Diana Elizabeth, the daughter of Lieutenant-Colonel Horace Lloyd. Her mother later remarried Stormont Mancroft, 2nd Baron Mancroft. Miranda has been married three times:

</doc>
<doc id="2928168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928168" title="Nicolas Born">
Nicolas Born

Nicolas Born (December 31, 1937 in Duisburg – December 7, 1979 in Lüchow-Dannenberg) was a German writer.
Nicolas Born was - together with Rolf Dieter Brinkmann - one of the most important and most innovative German poets of his generation. His two novels "Die erdabgewandte Seite der Geschichte" and "Die Fälschung" have been translated into more than a dozen languages and count among the most important works of German literature of the 1970s.
Life and works.
Nicolas Born grew up in a lower middle-class family in the Ruhrgebiet. He worked making printing accessories in a chemical process for a large printing company in Essen until he was able - with the help of a first literary prize, the Förderpreis Nordrhein-Westfalen, for his first novel "Der Zweite Tag", to go to Berlin and live from writing. He was an autodidact, and with his poems and novel scripts soon gathered enough attention from known writers and critics like Ernst Meister, Johannes Bobrowski, Günter Grass and Hans Bender to get a scholarship for the renowned Berliner Literarisches Colloquium in Berlin in 1963/1964, where he met other young writers like Hans Christoph Buch, Hermann Peter Piwitt, Hubert Fichte, Peter Bichsel and others, and was taught by Günter Grass, Uwe Johnson, Peter Rühmkorf, Peter Weiss and others.
In preparation for his stay at the Iowa International Writers Workshop in Iowa City in 1969/1970 Born read more and more contemporary American poets. In Iowa he met Charles Bukowski, Anselm Hollo, Ted Berrigan, and many others, was friends with John Batki, Allen Ginsberg, Eric Torgersen, Tom Raworth and others.
In the renowned "red frame"-series "Das neue Buch" Born published in 1972 his third collection of poems "Das Auge des Entdeckers" (The eye of the explorer), largely influenced by contemporary American poetry, utopian literature and a more relaxed perspective on political effectiveness of literature than was commonly known among the politically left-oriented colleagues of his generation. The book was a great success, selling very well for a poetry-collection, and made Born together with Rolf Dieter Brinkmann one of the most important and innovative poets of his generation in Germany.
Back in Germany, Born started translating the poems of Kenneth Koch for Rowohlt Verlag, which was published only in 1973 in the same Rowohlt-series "Das neue Buch". 
His novels "Die erdabgewandte Seite der Geschichte" (1976, Rowohlt Verlag, translated in more than a dozen languages) and even more "Die Fälschung" (1979, "The deception"), which was published shortly before his early death in 1979 from cancer, were even bigger successes and made him one of the most important and well known left wing intellectuals of his time. His political engagements against nuclear power and what he called the "mad-system of reality" and the "world of the machine" were not only published in magazines but largely discussed in television shows of the time. His 1979 novel "Die Fälschung" was posthumously filmed as "Die Fälschung" (1981); directed by Volker Schloendorff, it starred Bruno Ganz, Hanna Schygulla and Jerzy Skolimowski.
Together with Peter Handke and Michael Krüger he was a jury member of the European literary Petrarca-Preis from when the award was founded in 1975 and onto his death.
Nicolas Born revival in 2004.
Twenty five years after his death his youngest daughter Katharina Born reedited an almost complete and critical collection of his poems including several unpublished works: "Nicolas Born- Gedichte" (Wallstein 2004). For the book Born received (for the first time posthumously) the renowned Peter-Huchel-Preis (2005).
After the big success of the poetry collection and many positive reviews and reactions, a collection of Born's correspondence is planned for Spring 2007.
Works in English.
Eric Torgersen translated a collection of his poems from his first two Collections "Marktlage" (1967, Kiepenheuer and Witsch) and "Wo mir der Kopf steht" (1970, Kiepenheuer und Witsch), which so far has only been partly published. In "Dimension" his long "Feriengedicht" has been first published in German and English. Other translations are planned for 2007.
Translated poems in English.
by Eric Torgersen (more planned)
"Subscription," "Inheritance," Iowa Review 7, 2-3, Spring-Summer 1976 (reissued in book form as Writing from the World, University of Iowa Press, 1976).
"Finally There's Nothing More to Lose," "In the Morning on Monday," First Issue 9, Fall-Winter 1974-75.
"Bride and Groom," Kamadhenu II, 1-2, 1971.
"Case," "Bottles," "Self-Portrait," "Ethos," Doones I,4, 1971.
"Signs," Greenfield Review 1, Spring 1970.
"Infidelity," "Refrain," "For the Poor Devil Manfred Bock," "My God I Thought," "How Many Sons," "Washing Windows," "Confidence," "A Love," Modern Poetry in Translation, London, 6, 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="2928169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928169" title="Mireille Darc">
Mireille Darc

Mireille Darc (; born 15 May 1938) is a French model and actress. She was Alain Delon's longtime co-star and companion. She appeared as a lead character in Jean-Luc Godard's 1967 film "Week End". Darc is a Chevalier of the Légion d'honneur and Commandeur of the Ordre national du Mérite.
Early life and career.
Born Mireille Aigroz in Toulon, France, she attended the Conservatory of Dramatic Arts (Conservatoire d'art dramatique de Toulon) in Toulon, and went to Paris in 1959. Her debut came in 1960 in Claude Barma's "La Grande Brétèche". Her first leading role came in 1961 with Jean Prat's "Hauteclaire." She starred as Christine in "Le Grand Blond avec une chaussure noire" and "Le retour du grand blond" and alongside Alain Delon in several films: "L'Homme pressé", "Pouic-Pouic", "Les Bons Vivants", "Mort d'un pourri", "Madly", "Jeff", "Les Seins de glace", "Il était une fois un flic", "Borsalino" and 2003's television series "Frank Riva".
In the 1980s her career was interrupted by open-heart surgery following a car accident, in which she was seriously injured, and her separation from Alain Delon after fifteen years together. She quit her film career, but returned to television in the 1990s.
In 2006, Jacques Chirac awarded Darc the Légion d'honneur.

</doc>
<doc id="2928173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928173" title="Scott Sellers">
Scott Sellers

Scott Michael Sellers (born August 16, 1986) is an American track and field athlete who holds records in the high jump. His clearance of 7-07.75 is currently 4th in NCAA history and 15th in U.S. history. As a high schooler, Sellers broke the national indoor record with a jump of 2.27m in Landover, Maryland. Sellers is currently attending Kansas State University in Manhattan, Kansas.
Sellers won the 2007 Big 12 championships with a jump of 2.33m. This accomplishment is the fourth highest jump in NCAA history. Sellers followed up his performance by capturing the Midwest Regional title with a jump of 2.25m. Two weeks after winning a Regional title, Sellers became a Division I National Champion when he defeated a very talented field, jumping 2.32m on his second attempt. 
In 2009, Sellers won gold in both the NCAA Indoor and Outdoor Championships. These two wins gave Sellers his 7th and 8th All-American honors in the same event, a feat accomplished by a select few in NCAA history. 
At the end of 2009 Sellers was named the high school high jump athlete of the decade by ESPN and USAToday.

</doc>
<doc id="2928177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928177" title="Rahanweyn Resistance Army">
Rahanweyn Resistance Army

The Rahanweyn Resistance Army (RRA), also known as the Reewin Resistance Army, is an autonomist militant group operating in the two south-western regions of Somalia, Bay and Bakool. It was the first Reewin armed faction to emerge during the Somali civil war. The stated goal of the RRA is the creation and recognition of an independent state of Southwestern Somalia, currently led by Hasan Muhammad Nur Shatigadud. It is currently under the authority of the Transitional Federal Government.
The RRA was found in a "shir" assembly at Jhaffey, west of "Baidoa", on 13 October 1995. Col. Hassan Mohamed Nur, "Shaargaduud" (Red Shirt) was elected chair, and an executive committee composed of officers, traditional and religious leaders, and intellectuals was established. The formation of the RRA was triggered by the invasion of Baidoa by Hussein Mohamed Farrah's militia on 17 September 1995, which overthrew the local government, The Digil-Mirifle Supreme Governing Council, which was established in March 1995. Aideed completed the occupation of Reewin land by capturing Huddur in the Bakool Region.
The RRA's first major task was to recruit, train, and arm young Reewin men and women. Former officers supervised the training and all Reewin clans contributed men, arms, and money. Early in 1996, the RRA attacked the more important installations held by Aideed in Huddur and Baidoa. When reconciliation efforts, especially the Sodere Declaration and Cairo Accords, failed after the death of Aidid in a street fight and the succession of his son, "Aideed Junior," the RRA insisted that it would not negotiate with those who occupied Reewin land.
In October 1998, the RRA liberated Huddur and, by early November, Aideed's militia had retreated to Baidoa. This victory consolidated the RRA's military and political status locally and internationally. On 6 June 1999, the RRA liberated Baidoa and continued to fight against Aideed forces in the Lower Shabelle region. However, the Arta Reconciliation Conference of May–August, 2000, which established a transitional national government, suspended further RRA military action. However, within a few months, the RRA broke away from the Arta agreements and began to work towards the establishment of an autonomous state.
Under Shatigadud's leadership, the RRA planted landmines in many areas under its control in the war, as did many factions in the Civil War. It was also a participant, along with fifteen other factions of the civil war, in the November 11, 2002 Deed of Commitment to ban landmines.
Internal disputes in the RRA erupted in 2002 between Shatigadud, who wished to support the new Somalia Reconciliation and Restoration Council (SRRC) and his two deputies, Sheikh Aden Madobe and Muhammad Ibrahim Habsade, who wished to continue to support the Transitional National Government (TNG). The conflict resulted in many deaths and calls for Shatigadud to step down as President. Habsade continued to meet with TNG leaders ostensibly with the hope of being part of the nascent national government. The warring leaders of the RRA were eventually reconciled and, though conflicts periodically erupted thereafter, all joined the Transitional Federal Government at its formation.
In June 2006 Botan Ise Alin's militia that was allied to Alliance for the Restoration of Peace and Counter-Terrorism has surrendered to RRA after the Second Battle of Mogadishu by Islamic Court Union forces.

</doc>
<doc id="2928212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928212" title="Bauschinger effect">
Bauschinger effect

The Bauschinger effect refers to a property of materials where the material's stress/strain characteristics change as a result of the microscopic stress distribution of the material. For example, an increase in tensile yield strength occurs at the expense of compressive yield strength. The effect is named after German engineer Johann Bauschinger.
While more tensile cold working increases the tensile yield strength, the local initial compressive yield strength after tensile cold working is actually reduced. The greater the tensile cold working, the lower the compressive yield strength.
The Bauschinger effect is normally associated with conditions where the yield strength of a metal decreases when the direction of strain is changed. It is a general phenomenon found in most polycrystalline metals. The basic mechanism for the Bauschinger effect is related to the dislocation structure in the cold worked metal. As deformation occurs, the dislocations will accumulate at barriers and produce dislocation pile-ups and tangles. Based on the cold work structure, two types of mechanisms are generally used to explain the Bauschinger effect.

</doc>
<doc id="2928219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928219" title="Carlo Pezzati">
Carlo Pezzati

Carlo Pezzati (October 28, 1892–1944) was an Italian politician, the mayor of the Italian city of Piacenza.
Carlo was born to Pio and Defina Elmonti Pezzati in the village of Torre Gandini, outside Piacenza, in 1892. He would eventually become the mayor of Piacenza.
In 1944 he was killed by the partisans. He was laid to rest in the cemetery of Torre Gandini.

</doc>
<doc id="2928224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928224" title="Philotas (satrap)">
Philotas (satrap)

Philotas (in Greek Φιλωτας; lived 4th century BC) was a Macedonian officer in the service of Alexander the Great, who commanded one taxis or division of the phalanx during the advance into Sogdiana and India. It seems probable that he is the same person mentioned by Curtius, as one of those rewarded by the king at Babylon (331 BC) for their distinguished services. There is little doubt also, that he is the same to whom the government of Cilicia was assigned in the distribution of the provinces after the death of Alexander, 323 BC. In 321 BC, he was deprived of his government by Perdiccas and replaced by Philoxenus, but it would seem that this was only in order to employ him elsewhere, as we find him still closely attached to the party of Perdiccas, and after the death of the regent united with Alcetas, Attalus, and their partisans, in the contest against Antigonus. He was taken prisoner, together with Attalus, Docimus, and Polemon, in 320 BC, and shared with them their imprisonment, as well as the daring enterprise by which they for a time recovered their liberty, when they took possession of their prison, overpowering their guards. He again fell into the power of Antigonus, in 316 BC.

</doc>
<doc id="2928225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928225" title="Ulla Schmidt">
Ulla Schmidt

Ursula "Ulla" Schmidt (born June 13, 1949) is a German politician. She is a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD).
Party memberships.
In 1976 she was a candidate of the Maoist "Kommunistischer Bund Westdeutschland" (KBW) "(Communist League of West Germany)" for the Federal Assembly of Germany (Bundestag) in Aachen. The KBW dissolved completely in 1985.
In 1983 she changed to the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD). There she is a member of the local (Aachen) leadership and of the "Seeheimer Kreis".
Cabinet positions.
In 2001, she became Federal Minister for Health under Gerhard Schröder. A year later, the responsibility for social security was added to her portfolio and she was appointed Federal Minister for Health and Social Security. 
In November 2005, she again became Federal Minister for Health in the grand coalition of Angela Merkel. Social security was reunited with the portfolio of labour, which in 2002 had been added to that of the Federal Minister for Economics.
In 2009, she criticized statements made by Pope Benedict XVI, who claimed that condom usage promoted AIDS.

</doc>
<doc id="2928231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928231" title="Mick McGahey">
Mick McGahey

Michael "Mick" McGahey (29 May 1925 – 30 January 1999) was a Scottish miners' leader and lifelong Communist, with a distinctive gravelly voice. He described himself as "a product of my class and my movement".
Early life.
His father, John McGahey, was working in the mines at Shotts, North Lanarkshire when Mick was born. John was a founder member of the Communist Party of Great Britain and took an active part in the 1926 General Strike. Perhaps because of this, the family had to move to Cambuslang in search of work, and it was here that Mick went to school.
He started work at age 14 at the Gateside Colliery, and continued to work as a miner for the next 25 years. He followed his father into the Communist Party and the National Union of Mineworkers (NUM), remaining a member of both the Communist Party, until its dissolution in 1990, and the NUM, all his life. He was an implacable defender of both and supported the 1956 invasion of Hungary, seeing the then Soviet Union as a beacon of hope for humanity.
Trade unionist and communist.
He became chairman of the local branch of his union when he was only eighteen and thereafter progressed through its echelons, though never quite reaching the national presidency. He was elected to the Scottish Executive of the NUM in 1958, becoming president of the Scottish area in 1967. He was regarded as a highly competent operator but his strongly militant line was opposed by others in the Union. He was defeated in the 1971 elections for National President by Joe Gormley. McGahey was, however, elected National Vice-President of the NUM in 1972. He made similar progress in the Communist Party of Great Britain (CPGB), being elected to its Executive in 1971. He remained a member until the CPGB dissolved in 1991 and then joined its successor in Scotland, the Communist Party of Scotland.
He was regarded by those close to him as warm and companionable, and - by the conference journalists he opened up to - as an entertaining conversationalist. Some on the employers’ side with whom he had worked felt that he could often be pragmatic. These qualities (and a love of poetry) were hidden from the wider public by his rasping voice - the product of 25 years underground and a lifetime smoking - coupled with an enduring Lanarkshire accent and a pugnacious oratorical style.
He was the subject of phone tapping by the UK security service MI5 whose transcribers found him difficult to understand because of his accent and the effects of alcohol consumption.
He came to the attention of the public during the Miners Strikes of 1972 and 1974. He later claimed these were purely industrial disputes, made political by the then Prime Minister, Edward Heath. Nevertheless, he took a characteristically militant line, opposing some of the tactics of the Union President, Joe Gormley, accusing him of “"ballotisis"” and swearing he would not be “"constitutionalised"” out of a national strike. Gormley, it was later claimed, postponed his own retirement until 1981, by which time McGahey was over 55, too old by union rules to stand for President.
He played a smaller role (mostly on Scottish affairs) during the 1984-1985 miners' strike, as he was nearing retirement. He opposed the holding of a national ballot and favoured letting regions make their own decisions on whether to strike. He saw the appointment of Ian McGregor as chair of the National Coal Board as a "declaration of war". James Cowan, then deputy chairman of the NCB, claims that McGahey warned him to retire in 1983 and protect his health, as he feared that a "bloody" strike was inevitable with the appointment of Ian McGregor and that there would be conflict between different regions in the NUM.
After the strike, McGahey became more critical of Arthur Scargill and argued against the growing concentration of power within the NUM in the national leadership at the expense of regional areas. He expressed regret on the use of violent picketing in Nottinghamshire and the divisions that this caused amongst mineworkers, saying:
McGahey continuously insisted that the NUM find a way to reconcile with the Union of Democratic Mineworkers (a Midlands-based breakaway from the NUM). Scargill referred to this insistence as a "tragedy that people from the far north should pontificate about what we should be doing to win back members for the NUM."
Memorials.
He married Catherine Young in 1954 with whom he had two daughters and a son. 
A heavy smoker for most of his life, McGahey suffered in later years from chronic emphysema and pneumoconiosis.
A significant memorial, in the form of mine workings, stands to him at the east end of Cambuslang Main Street and there have been calls in the Scottish Parliament for a more national memorial.
On 28 April 2006, in Bonnyrigg, ex-UNISON General Secretary Rodney Bickerstaffe unveiled a memorial to mark the 10th Anniversary of McGahey's address to the Midlothian TUC Worker's Memorial Day event in George V Park. McGahey’s son was present.
Bickerstaffe described McGahey as a "working class hero" who never lost touch with his roots and socialist values. He listed some of McGahey's sayings which were just as relevant today. "We are a movement not a monument", he quoted as a reminder of the need to continue to move and to fight on, and finished by saying "We know the reasons why Michael never became NUM President, but whether he had stayed as a steward or a delegate he would still have had a major impact on the movement".

</doc>
<doc id="2928232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928232" title="Tank Williams">
Tank Williams

Clevan "Tank" Williams (born June 30, 1980 in Gulfport, Mississippi) is an American football safety who is currently a free agent. He was drafted by the Tennessee Titans in the second round of the 2002 NFL Draft. He played college football at Stanford.
Williams has also played for the Minnesota Vikings and New England Patriots.
Early years.
Williams attended Bay High School in Bay St. Louis, Mississippi where he played football as a safety as well as a quarterback. He also played basketball and ran track all four years in high school. During high school he was also employed by the Winn-Dixie grocery store in Bay St. Louis where he worked as a bag boy.
According to Williams, his nickname came from his sister: as an infant, he drank so much milk that his sister suggested to his mother that his mother should give him a tank of milk instead of a bottle.
College career.
Williams attended Stanford University, where he played in 10 games as a true freshman in 1998. He started six games at free safety in 1999, and earned second-team All-Pacific-10 Conference honors as a junior. In his senior season, Williams was a first-team All-Pac-10 pick, becoming the first defensive back in school history to win national first-team honors.
Professional career.
Tennessee Titans.
Drafted by the Titans in the second round (45th overall) in the 2002 NFL Draft, Williams started every game as a rookie for the Titans in 2002. He started every game in 2003 as well, posting 81 tackles, fourth on the Titans' defense that was best in the NFL against the run. His 2004 season was cut short by a knee injury that landed him on injured reserve on November 29. He returned in 2005 to start every game for the Titans, recording a career-high 83 tackles.
Minnesota Vikings.
Williams signed with the Minnesota Vikings as a free agent in March 2006. On August 6, 2006, Williams was placed on the injured reserve for the 2006 season after shattering his kneecap. The Vikings re-signed Williams to a one-year deal after the season. He started only two games in 2007, recording 18 tackles on the year.
New England Patriots.
Williams signed a one year contract with the New England Patriots on March 5, 2008. Williams sustained a severe injury to his knee in training camp which caused him to be put on injured reserve, ending his season. Williams was re-signed by the Patriots on March 16, 2009. He was released on August 25 when the team signed third-round pick Tyrone McKenzie.

</doc>
<doc id="2928239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928239" title="Malév Flight 240">
Malév Flight 240

Malév Flight 240 was a Tupolev Tu-154 tri-motor jetliner of Malév Hungarian Airlines, which was flying on the Budapest to Beirut regular route when it crashed near the Lebanese shoreline on 30 September 1975. All 50 passengers and 10 crew on board died. No official statement was ever made on the crash and its cause has never been publicly revealed.
In recent years, rumors persist that the plane was shot down, either because it carried arms to some Arab group, or because it was supposed to carry the members of a PLO delegation (but in the end did not). Possible attackers include Israel or Syria. 
On September 27, 2007, György Szilvásy, then Minister of Civil Intelligence Services wrote in a letter to Róbert Répássy (Fidesz), member of the Hungarian Parliament, that the Hungarian Office of National Security produced a report on the crash in 2003. The report can be summarized as follows: There are no available original (secret service) documents concerning the case. The report remains top secret, for reasons not connected to the crash. 
On January 6, 2009 questions relating to this crash were put forward to the European Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="2928242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928242" title="Winky Dink and You">
Winky Dink and You

Winky Dink and You was a CBS children's television show that aired from 1953 to 1957, on Saturday mornings at 10:30 a.m. Eastern / 9:30 Central. It was hosted by Jack Barry and featured the exploits of a cartoon character named Winky Dink (voiced by Mae Questel) and his dog Woofer, with sound effects provided by Joseph Scholnick. The show, created by Harry Prichett, Sr. and Ed Wyckoff, featured Barry and his sidekick, the incompetent Mr. Bungle (Dayton Allen), introducing clips of Winky Dink, noted for his plaid pants, tousled hair, and large eyes.
Interactivity.
Praised by Microsoft mogul Bill Gates as "the first interactive TV show", the show's central gimmick was the use of a "magic drawing screen", which was a large piece of vinyl plastic that stuck to the television screen via static electricity. A kit containing the screen and various Winky Dink crayons could be purchased for 50 cents. At a climactic scene in every Winky Dink short, Winky would arrive upon a scene that contained a connect the dots picture. He would then prompt the children at home to complete the picture, and the finished result would help him continue the story. Examples include drawing a bridge to cross a river, an axe to chop down a tree, or a cage to trap a dangerous lion.
Another use of the interactive screen was to decode messages. An image would be displayed, showing only the vertical lines of the letters of the secret message, which viewers at home would quickly trace onto their magic screen. A second image would then display the horizontal lines, completing the text.
A final use of the screen was to create the outline of a character with whom Jack Barry would have a conversation. It would seem meaningless to viewers without the screen, further encouraging its purchase.
Origin.
Harry Prichett came up with the core idea of drawing on the screen when working as a graphic designer for an advertising agency in the early '50s. The agency had the account for Benrus Watches, a principal sponsor of "Your Show of Shows", NBC's Saturday evening variety show starring Sid Caesar and Imogene Coca. Benrus reported that a number of its dealers had to deal with viewers who were angry to find that the expensive wristwatch on one of the commercials could not be bought for $39.95. (This is about $325 in 2010 dollars but was considered a modest price for a watch at that time.) The agency was concerned that viewers were not seeing the "and up" after the "$39.95" because early TV sets varied in the extent to which they would "cut off" the edges of the picture. Agency staffers were asked to watch the show and report back what was visible on their screens. Prichett decided to put a piece of Cellulose acetate film (which was a standard tool in graphic arts at the time) over the screen so that he could use a Grease pencil to sketch exactly which parts of the commercial were visible. As he waited, he started to add drawings to the images on the screen, then erase them and add new ones. It seemed obvious that children would enjoy working with television this way.
Cancellation and revival.
The program was successful because of its pioneering interactive marketing scheme, and Winky Dink became one of television's most popular characters of the 1950s. However, the show's production was halted despite its popularity because of concerns about x-rays from TV picture tubes. This was particularly true for early color television sets. CBS was also concerned about parents' complaints that children who didn't possess the interactive screen were drawing directly on the TV screen.
The show was revived in syndication for 65 episodes beginning in 1969 and ending in 1973. In the 1990s, a new "Winky Dink Kit" emerged on the market, containing a magic screen, crayons, and all-new digitized "Winky Dink and You" episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="2928244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928244" title="April Stevens">
April Stevens

April Stevens (born Carol LoTempio, April 29, 1936, Niagara Falls, New York) is an American singer.
She has recorded since she was 15 years old. Her most popular solo recording was her RCA Victor recording of "I'm in Love Again" (music and lyrics by Cole Porter). Accompanied by an orchestra arranged and conducted by Henri René, Stevens' recording peaked at No. 6 on the pop chart in 1951.
Stevens returned to the U.S. chart in 1959 with the song "Teach Me Tiger", which caused a minor uproar for its sexual suggestiveness and consequently did not receive airplay on many radio stations. The song peaked at No. 86 on the Hot 100. Stevens' recording of this song is often erroneously accredited to Marilyn Monroe. The tune was featured in the 2006 film "Blind Dating" and the 2011 Flemish film drama "North Sea Texas". 
She is best known for her 1963 Atco Records recording of "Deep Purple" (music by Peter DeRose and lyrics by Mitchell Parish) with her brother Antonino LoTempio (singing under the stage name Nino Tempo). A standard song that Larry Clinton and His Orchestra and band vocalist Bea Wain had popularized in 1939, the Stevens and Tempo version reached No.1 on the Hot 100 on 16 November 1963, and No.17 in the British charts. The song won the 1964 Grammy Award for Best Rock and Roll Recording. It sold over one million copies, and was awarded a gold disc.
They also enjoyed a 1964 follow-up hit in the U.S. with the standard song "Whispering" (music by Vincent Rose and lyrics by Richard Coburn "(né" Frank Reginald DeLong; 1886–1952) and John Schonberger). The recording, which had an arrangement similar to their recording of "Deep Purple", reached No. 11 on the Hot 100 singles chart. They also had chart success with "All Strung Out", which reached No. 26 on the American Hot 100 in 1966. Later that year a single "The Coldest Night of the Year" was released on Atlantic 584048 in Great Britain. A solo single by Stevens was issued in December 1967, a double-sided single of "Wanting You" with "Falling in Love Again" on MGM 1366 in the UK and MGM K 13825 in the US. "Wanting You" became a Northern soul classic.
In the Netherlands they enjoyed a No. 5 hit early 1973 with their version of "(Where Do I Begin?) Love Story", while in early 1974 "Who Turns Me On" flopped.

</doc>
<doc id="2928245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928245" title="Robert Singer">
Robert Singer

Robert W. Singer (born October 29, 1947) is an American Republican Party politician, who has been serving in the New Jersey State Senate since 1993, where he represents the 30th Legislative District. He was the Mayor of Lakewood Township, New Jersey in 2009. He is the fourth-most senior senator behind Ronald Rice, Gerald Cardinale and Richard Codey.
In the Senate, Singer served as the Co-Republican Majority Leader from 2002 to 2003 and as the Assistant Majority Leader from 1997 to 2001. Singer was selected by Republican committee members of the district to serve the unexpired Senate term of the late John E. Dimon and was sworn into office on October 14, 1993.
In the Senate, Singer serves on the Legislative Services Commission, the Commerce Committee and the Health, Human Services and Senior Citizens Committee. Singer currently serves on the New Jersey Commission on Aging, the New Jersey Commission on Science and Technology and the New Jersey Asian American Commission.
Singer has been the sponsor of various economic development measures, including bills to assist biotechnology and computer software firms, and to authorize the creation of Urban Enterprise Zones in the district.
Before entering New Jersey's Senate, Singer served in the lower house of the New Jersey Legislature, the General Assembly, from 1986 to 1989. In The Assembly, Singer was the Majority Whip from 1992 to 1993. Senator Singer had served on the Lakewood Township Committee since 1981, and was its Mayor in 1983, from 1985 to 1986, 1994, and again in 2009 until retiring in 2010. He has been on the Monmouth-Ocean Development Council Board of Directors since 2001 and from 1996 to 1999 and the Lakewood Municipal Utility Authority since 1999 as Chair. He has served since 1999 on the Ocean County Board of Health as its Vice Chair. Singer serves on the Board of Trustees of Georgian Court University in Lakewood and is a Member of the Board of Directors of the Monmouth-Ocean Development Council.
He had simultaneously held a seat in the New Jersey Senate and as Mayor until 2010 when he chose to not seek re-election to the Lakewood Township Committee. Singer had been a member of the Township Committee for nearly thirty years. Prior to retiring from the Lakewood Township Committee, dual office holding was allowed under a grandfather clause in the state law enacted by the New Jersey Legislature and signed into law by Governor of New Jersey Jon Corzine in September 2007 that prevents dual-office-holding but allows those who had held both positions as of February 1, 2008, to retain both posts.
Robert Singer is Vice President of Corporate Relations, Community/Kimball Medical Center.
District 30.
Each of the forty districts in the New Jersey Legislature has one representative in the New Jersey Senate and two members in the New Jersey General Assembly. The other representatives from the 30th Legislative District for the 2012-2013 Legislative Session are:

</doc>
<doc id="2928247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928247" title="Sakura-Con">
Sakura-Con

Sakura-Con is an annual three-day anime convention held during March or April at the Washington State Convention & Trade Center in Seattle, Washington. The convention, which is traditionally held over Easter weekend, is the largest anime convention in the Northwest and is the 8th largest North American anime convention as of 2013. It is organized by the volunteer Asia-Northwest Cultural Education Association (ANCEA). 
Programming.
The convention typically offers anime game shows, anime music video contest, art show, artist alley, dances/raves, collectible card gaming, cosplay chess, exhibitors hall, fashion show, Japanese cultural arts and presentations (aikido demonstrations, kabuki performances, kendama play, kendo swordsmanship, taiko drumming, tea ceremonies), Japanese pop and rock concerts, karaoke, masquerade ball, panels, table top RPG gaming, video gaming (arcade, console, PC), 24-hour video theaters. The convention runs programming for 24 hours a day. 
In 2002 the charity auction benefited the Make-A-Wish Foundation and raised $4,560. The 2010 charity auction also benefiting the Make-A-Wish Foundation raised $27,000. The convention before holding fundraisers at the 2012 event raised $90,000 for Tsunami relief. 
History.
Sakura-Con's roots are from within the local science fiction convention community. A number of anime fans who had decided that there was not enough anime content represented at conventions such as Norwescon, hatched the plan for an anime convention in a Tacoma, Washington anime video rental store. Originally named Baka!-Con, ("baka" or "ばか" is Japanese for "idiot",) the first convention was held at the Double Tree Inn in Tukwila, Washington in 1998. In 2000, Baka!-Con changed its name to Sakura-Con, ("sakura" or 桜 (alternately: さくら) is Japanese for "cherry blossom"). 
In 2002 the convention utilized 70 percent of the convention space at the Seattle Airport Hilton & Conference Center along with having county representatives and the local Japanese Consulate General speak at opening ceremonies. Several guests canceled appearances in 2003, Yoko Ishida and Maria Yamamoto due to Pioneer company policy on traveling during international strife, and Akitaro Daichi and Atsushi Okuda. The 2004 convention had a warm body attendance cap of 4,500 people. In 2005 Sakura-Con had to limit its attendance to 5,100 and turned people away, resulting in the convention's move to the Washington State Convention & Trade Center.
The event ran for over 55 hours in 2007 and had 1,200 hours of programming, with only about half the attendees being from the Seattle area. Tatsunori Konno, the CEO of Bandai Visual USA, was heavily questioned about the company's pricing polices during their 2007 panel. In 2009 the event included five concerts, three dances, an large gaming area, seven theaters, and over 1,000 hours of programming. Registration line waits of three hours or more occurred due to the convention's growth. Sakura-Con in 2009 brought an estimated $13 million to the Seattle economy. 
The convention covered six floors in 2010 and included six gaming rooms, seven panel rooms, and five video rooms. At the opening ceremonies a wedding proposal occurred between two staff members. The Dazzle Vision and High and Mighty Color concert had over 4,000 attendees. Exist Trace's concert in 2011 drew over 3,000 attendees. Before the 2012 convention around 12,000 attendees pre-registered. Sakura-Con 2013 had the second largest impact of area conventions, adding $19 million to the local economy. During the 2014 convention a cosplayer was held up at the nearby Freeway Park. 
ANCEA.
The Asia-Northwest Cultural Education Association (Sakura-Con organizers) were given the Foreign Minister’s Award from Japan on May 30th, 2012. The award was given at the residence of the Japanese Consul General Kiyokazu Ota. 
Collaborations.
Sakura-Con in 2013 returned to host the Anime Costume Contest at Dragon Fest 2013 in Seattle, Washington's Chinatown for the fourth time. 

</doc>
<doc id="2928252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928252" title="Jiří Voskovec">
Jiří Voskovec

Jiří Voskovec () (June 19, 1905 in Sázava (Benešov District), Bohemia as Jiří Wachsmann – July 1, 1981 in Pearblossom, California, U.S. as George Voskovec) was a Czech-American actor, playwright, dramatist, director, translator, and poet. Throughout most of his career he was associated with Jan Werich. 
He attended school in Prague and in Dijon, France, and became a naturalized citizen of the United States in 1955.
Biography.
In 1927, together with Werich, he joined the Osvobozené divadlo (Liberated Theater), which had been created two years earlier by members of the avant-garde Devětsil group, Jiří Frejka and Jindřich Honzl. After disagreements led Frejka to leave the group in 1927, Honzl asked Voskovec and Werich, 22-year-old law students who had created a sensation with their Vest Pocket Revue that year, to join the theatre. When Honzl, who had directed their productions, left in 1929, Voskovec and Werich took control of the theatre and changed its name to the Liberated Theatre of Voskovec and Werich, assuming all responsibility for direction, writing, librettos, and other artistic decisions. The Liberated became a center for Czech clownery, a reaction to contemporary political and societal problems. Their performances began with the primary goal of evoking laughter through fantasy, but with the changing political situation in Germany their work became increasingly anti-fascist, which led to the closure of the Liberated Theater after the Munich agreement in 1938. 
Both Voskovec and Werich fled to the United States in early 1939. For the rest of his life, Voskovec lived primarily in the United States, interrupted only by brief stays in Czechoslovakia in 1948 and in France from 1948 to 1950. Until the mid-1940s, Voskovec worked and wrote mostly with Jan Werich, but after Werich's return to Communist Czechoslovakia, they met only a few more times. After his return to the United States in 1950, Voskovec was unjustly interned at Ellis Island for eleven months for his alleged sympathy for Communism.
Although Voskovec lived in three countries and his maternal grandmother was French, he always maintained that "I am a born and bred Czech." In 1955, he became an American citizen. As a result of his naturalization, he is sometimes referred to as "George Voskovec".
Voskovec acted in 72 movies. Only the first five of these were Czech; the rest were American or British. His most famous American movie was as the 11th juror in "12 Angry Men" with Henry Fonda - where being a very recognisable European immigrant to the US was central to his role. His most famous British film was "The Spy Who Came in from the Cold". His last movie was "Barbarosa", with Willie Nelson and Gary Busey. In 1975, he published the Czech spoken LP record "Relativně vzato", where he reflects on his life and world in general. A sleeve note for this LP was written by another notable Czech émigré, author Josef Škvorecký. Voskovec also appeared in the 1978 television film "The Nativity" and the 1980 film "Somewhere in Time", starring Christopher Reeve and Jane Seymour.
Death.
George Voskovec died in 1981 of a heart attack in Pearblossom, California at the age of 76. He is survived by two daughters, Victoria and Georgeanne. His interment was at Olsanske hrbitovy in Prague. 

</doc>
<doc id="2928259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928259" title="Jerry E. Smith">
Jerry E. Smith

Jerry E. Smith, (8 April 1950, Pomona, California — 8 March 2010 Kempton, Illinois) was an author, lecturer, poet, and editor. His published works include three books from Adventures Unlimited Press (AUP), scores of non-fiction articles and reviews, and more than a dozen ghost-written books. He was a close friend and literary partner of author Jim Keith. They worked together on magazines and books, and co-hosted a radio show broadcast from the campus of the Oregon Institute of Technology.
Books.
Smith's first book from Adventures Unlimited Press (AUP) was "HAARP: The Ultimate Weapon of the Conspiracy", which considered conspiracy theories connected to the High Frequency Active Auroral Research Program (HAARP). Published in 1998, the book focuses on two major points: the United Nations' Convention on the Prohibition of Military or Any Other Hostile Use of Environmental Modification Techniques and mind control. Smith's second book, published in 2005, was about the so-called Spear of Destiny, and focused on Nazi occultism and urban legends about a Nazi base in Antarctica. 
His third book for AUP, published at the end of 2006, "WEATHER WARFARE", covers the history of weather modification from the "Rain Makers" of the 1890s through the development of cloud seeding in the middle of the 20th century to today’s technology and ability to manipulate weather phenomena on a much larger scale. Addressed at length is the Convention on the Prohibition of Military or Any Other Hostile Use of Environmental Modification Techniques. 

</doc>
<doc id="2928268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928268" title="Gladiators of Rome">
Gladiators of Rome

Gladiators of Rome is a game that incorporates mild strategy into the gameplay.

</doc>
<doc id="2928272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928272" title="Naval History (magazine)">
Naval History (magazine)

Naval History is a bi-monthly magazine published by the United States Naval Institute since 1987. The 72-page publication not only includes feature articles spanning the course of Naval History written by significant scholars of their subject, but also has standing features including: "Looking Back," "On Our Scope," "Naval History News," "Book Reviews," and "Museum Report."
Noted authors Norman Polmar and A.D. Baker III provide the "Historic Aircraft" and "Historic Fleets" columns.
Each issue is illustrated with rare art and photographs.

</doc>
<doc id="2928273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928273" title="The Fourth Estate (novel)">
The Fourth Estate (novel)

The Fourth Estate is a 1996 novel by Jeffrey Archer. It chronicles the lives of two media barons, Richard Armstrong and Keith Townsend, from their starkly contrasting childhoods to their ultimate battle to build the world's biggest media empire. The book is based on two real life media barons - Robert Maxwell and Rupert Murdoch, who fought to control the newspaper market in Britain. (Murdoch had bought "The Sun" and "News of the World" and later Times Newspapers Ltd and Maxwell bought the "Daily Mirror" and the other newspapers in its group.).
The concept of the fourth estate is in essence the press as a watchdog on other powerful institutions or "estates", the original three estates in England and later the United Kingdom being the Lords Spiritual (of the Church of England), the Lords Temporal, and the commons. The fourth estate is charged with keeping an honest watch on activities of the other states and itself. These duties would help democratic societies function properly, openly, and honestly. Debate still flourishes as to whether or not this ever operated (or operates) as it was intended.
It also shows a battle between two strong characters from differing backgrounds, who are willing to take endless risks.
Plot.
Lubji Hoch breaks the bonds of his humble beginnings as the son of an illiterate Jewish peasant, escapes the Nazis, changes his name to Richard Armstrong, becomes a decorated officer in the British army, and ultimately finds himself in Berlin, where his sharp mind and killer instincts win him the opportunity to head up a floundering newspaper. As rival papers in the city fail in the wake of his ruthlessness, he nonetheless yearns to move on to even greater things.
On the other side of the world, in Australia, Keith Townsend, son of a millionaire newspaper owner, is being groomed to follow in his father's footsteps. Private schools, an Oxford degree, and a position at a London newspaper lead him up to the time of his father's death, when he takes over the family business. His energy and brilliant strategic thinking quickly make him the leading newspaper publisher in Australia. Yet he too longs to move on to the world stage.
As both Armstrong and Townsend seize control of everything they see, their ambitions collide on a global scale. But suddenly they both find themselves threatened by finicial disaster and enormous debt. Frantic to save his crumbling empire, each man turns desperate. One's quest will lead to triumph, the other's will end in tragedy in this awesome tale of wealth and corruption, desire and destruction.
The Fourth Estate is the timely and compelling story of two men who, though they come from totally different backgrounds, stand face-to-face on the highest precipice, prepared to risk everything to beat each other and control the biggest media empire in the world.
Responses.
Sarah Lyall, in "The New York Times", thought the work contained "leaden dialogue", but despite the "tantalizing echoes" of Armstrong and Townsend's real life models, the two men "seem about as vivid as bureaucrats in a wire-service story". Hugo Barnacle found evidence of a "dry sense of humour", but asserted that "Archer doesn't do insight or atmosphere, and gives the imagination very few cues."

</doc>
<doc id="2928274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928274" title="Phineas Newborn, Jr.">
Phineas Newborn, Jr.

Phineas Newborn, Jr. (December 14, 1931 – May 26, 1989) was an American jazz pianist, whose principal influences were Art Tatum, Oscar Peterson, and Bud Powell.
Biography.
Newborn came from a musical family: his father, Phineas Newborn, Sr., was a blues musician and his younger brother, Calvin, a jazz guitarist. Phineas studied piano as well as trumpet, and tenor and baritone saxophone. 
Before moving on to work with Lionel Hampton, Charles Mingus, and others, Newborn first played in an R&B band led by his father on drums, with his brother Calvin on guitar, Tuff Green on bass, Ben Branch and future Hi Records star Willie Mitchell. The group was the house band at the now famous Plantation Inn Club in West Memphis, Arkansas, from 1947 to 1951, and recorded as B. B. King's band on his first recordings in 1949, as well as the Sun Records sessions in 1950. They left West Memphis in 1951 to tour with Jackie Brenston as the "Delta Cats" in support of the record "Rocket 88", recorded by Sam Phillips and considered by many to be the first ever rock & roll record (it was the first Billboard No. 1 record for Chess Records). 
Among his earliest recordings, from the early 1950s, are those for Sun Records with blues harmonica player Big Walter Horton, "We Three" (as a trio with drummer Roy Haynes and bassist Paul Chambers), and his debut as a solo artist on RCA Victor, "Phineas' Rainbow".
From 1956 he began to perform in New York City, making his first album as a leader in that year. His trios and quartets at that time included Oscar Pettiford, Kenny Clarke, George Joyner and Philly Joe Jones.
He created enough interest internationally to work as a solo pianist in Stockholm in 1958 and in Rome the following year. 
Subsequently moving to Los Angeles around 1960, he recorded a sequence of piano trio albums for the Contemporary label. However, some critics found his playing style rather facile, and Newborn developed emotional problems as a result, necessitating his admission to the Camarillo State Mental Hospital for some periods. He also suffered a hand injury which hindered his playing. 
Newborn’s later career was intermittent due to ongoing health problems. This is most true of the period from the mid-1960s to mid-1970s when he faded from view, underappreciated and underrecorded. He made a partial comeback in the late 1970s and early 1980s, although this return apparently failed to benefit his financial situation. He died in 1989 after the discovery of a growth on his lungs and was buried in Memphis National Cemetery. According to jazz historian Nat Hentoff, Newborn's plight spurred the 1989 founding of the Jazz Foundation of America, a group dedicated to helping with the medical bills and other financial needs of retired jazz greats. In the early 1990s the four-player Contemporary Piano Ensemble was formed by pianists Harold Mabern, James Williams, Mulgrew Miller, and Geoff Keezer to pay tribute to Newborn; it recorded two albums and toured internationally.
Despite his setbacks, many of Newborn's records, such as "The Great Jazz Piano of Phineas Newborn, Jr" and "Phineas' Rainbow", remain highly regarded. Jazz commentator Scott Yanow even referred to Newborn as "one of the most technically skilled and brilliant pianists in jazz." Evidence of his technical prowess can be heard on tracks such as "Sometimes I'm Happy" on "Look Out - Phineas is Back!" where Newborn performs extended, complex, and brisk solos with both hands in unison. Leonard Feather once said of him "In his prime, he was one of the three greatest jazz pianists of all time."

</doc>
<doc id="2928275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928275" title="Horst Seehofer">
Horst Seehofer

Horst Lorenz Seehofer (born 4 July 1949) is a German politician (CSU). He served as the Federal Minister for Health and Social Security from 1992 to 1998 and as the Federal Minister of Food, Agriculture and Consumer Protection in the cabinet of Angela Merkel from 2005 to 2008. In October 2008 he became chairman of the CSU and Minister-President of Bavaria.
He is married to Karin Seehofer.
Federal Minister and Member of the Bundestag.
He has been a member of the Lower House of the German Parliament ("Bundestag") in Germany since 1980. Horst Seehofer was Federal Minister for Health and Social Security from 1992 to 1998 in the cabinet of Helmut Kohl. He then became assistant chairman of the CDU/CSU parliamentary group of the "Bundestag" in October 1998. Because of his disagreement with flat-rate contributions ("Gesundheitsprämie") to the federal health insurance he resigned from his post on 22 November 2004 but remained the assistant chairman of the CSU and kept his mandate. After joining the "Bundestag" Seehofer kept his mandate as a directly elected delegate ("Direktkandidat") from his Constituency Ingolstadt. At the 2005 federal election he received 65.9 percent of the votes in his district. Seehofer was appointed Federal Minister of Food, Agriculture and Consumer Protection in the cabinet of Angela Merkel and stayed in office from 2005 to 2008.
Minister-President in Bavaria.
After his party lost more than 17% of the popular vote in the Bavarian state elections of 2008, incumbent Minister-President Günther Beckstein and Chairman of the CSU, Erwin Huber, announced their resignations. Seehofer was quickly proposed as their successor. At a party convention on 25 October he was affirmed as the new Chairman of the CSU with 90% of the votes, and on 27 October he was elected Minister-President by the Landtag with votes from the Free Democratic Party, forming the first coalition government in Bavaria since 1962. 
During the term 2011–2012, Seehofer served as President of the German Bundesrat. As such, he acted as Acting President of Germany between Christian Wulff's resignation on 17 February 2012 and the election of Joachim Gauck on 18 March 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="2928276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928276" title="Harold Haley">
Harold Haley

Harold Joseph Haley (November 14, 1904 – August 7, 1970) was a Superior Court judge in Marin County, California. He was taken hostage in his courtroom, along with several others, during the course of a trial, and killed during the attempted escape of his captors with their hostages.
Background.
Harold Haley, the only son of Mr. and Mrs. Daniel J. Haley, was born in San Rafael, California and graduated from San Rafael High School. After receiving his law degree from San Francisco's St. Ignatius College (later known as the University of San Francisco) in 1928, Haley served as a San Rafael city attorney and as a Marin County district attorney. In 1956, he was appointed to be a municipal court judge by California Governor Goodwin Knight, and he was named to the superior court by Governor Pat Brown in 1965.
While an assistant district attorney, Haley married his high school classmate, Gertrude Ahern (c. 1904 - June 6, 2002), at St. Raphael's church on May 24, 1933. The couple eventually had three daughters. Haley's niece, Maureen, is married to former Marin County assistant district attorney and Superior Court judge Gary Thomas.
Marin County courthouse incident.
On August 7, 1970, Jonathan Jackson brought guns into Judge Haley's courtroom, where San Quentin inmate James McClain was on trial. McClain was freed along with two other San Quentin inmates, Ruchell Magee and William Christmas, who were present at the trial as witnesses. Jackson and the prisoners took Haley, Thomas, and three female jurors hostage and attempted to escape.
Haley, Jackson, McClain and Christmas were killed as the abductors attempted to drive away from the courthouse. Haley was apparently hit by fire from a sawed-off shotgun that had been fastened to his neck with adhesive tape by the abductors. Magee was severely wounded, Thomas was shot in the spine and left paralyzed, and one of the female hostages was also wounded.
A ballistics expert would later testify that Haley was hit in the face by a shotgun blast fired within the van, as well as in the chest by a bullet from a .357 magnum that one of the gunmen had taken from a deputy.
Legacy.
At the Marin County Civic Center, Judge Haley Drive is named in his honor. The faculty of the University of San Francisco School of Law also awards the distinguished "Judge Harold J. Haley Award for exceptional distinction in scholarship, character, and activities". Notable alumni of the USF law school who have won the award include author Cupcake Brown, former United States federal judge Martin Jenkins, and former mayor of Daly City, California, Sal Torres.

</doc>
<doc id="2928283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928283" title="Don Hollenbeck">
Don Hollenbeck

Don Hollenbeck (March 30, 1905June 22, 1954) was a CBS newscaster, commentator, colleague, and associate of Edward R. Murrow and Fred W. Friendly. He died from natural gas inhalation as it was discovered that his stove and oven had been turned on but not lit (allowing gas to fill his apartment). Consequently, Hollenbeck's death was ruled a suicide. Reasons that it might have been suicide included health problems, depression, a broken marriage, and frequent published attacks by Jack O'Brian, a Hearst columnist and supporter of Joseph McCarthy.
Early life and career.
Hollenbeck was born in Lincoln, Nebraska, and began reporting the news while at the University of Nebraska. His first assignment was to the "Nebraska State Journal" in 1926. During World War II, he was assigned to the foreign staff of NBC in London in March 1943. From there he went to Algiers just in time to take a place with the British troops landing at Salerno, Italy in September. He went in with the second wave — the assault wave which took the full force of German shells, and later made a number of battle-action recordings which were broadcast to the United States.
During the conquest of southern Italy, Hollenbeck moved northward with the troops and was one of the first correspondents to begin broadcasting from Naples when the Army Signal Corps set up transmitters for the correspondents. But at Salerno he was stricken with malaria, then with jaundice and ordered back home.
Asked what kind of protection there was after these forces had landed, Hollenbeck replied:
From "Stars and Stripes" September 20, 1943:
Allegations regarding communism.
Don Hollenbeck was at one time employed by the newspaper PM" (Picture Magazine)". Founded in 1940 by department store magnate Marshall Field III and published in New York, "PM" was a left-leaning newspaper, and it garnered accusations of being sympathetic to Communism even though it was critical of the Soviet Union for the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact and of the American Communist Party for supporting it.
The newspaper published work by authors such as Ernest Hemingway and Erskine Caldwell, photographers like Weegee and Margaret Bourke-White, and cartoonists like Dr. Seuss, Crockett Johnson and Walt Kelly. It accepted no advertising, and dedicated itself to preventing "the little guy from being pushed around." It ended up becoming a target for anti-communists, and subsequently it went out of business in 1948. Because of this affiliation, Hollenbeck was a target for McCarthy-supporting columnist Jack O'Brian, whose attacks appeared in the "New York Journal American" and other newspapers in the Hearst newspaper chain.
Hollenbeck also worked for the Office of War Information (OWI), NBC and ABC, once subbing on short notice for Orson Welles over Welles' scheduled Sunday night ABC news commentary program, before joining CBS in 1946. Murrow eventually had Hollenbeck do the innovative media-review program, "CBS Views the Press," over the radio network's flagship station, WCBS. In the early 1950s, Hollenbeck worked both for CBS Television and flagship WCBS-TV.
Death.
The first newsman WCBS-TV viewers saw after Murrow's March 9, 1954 documentary on Joe McCarthy was Hollenbeck, who told the viewers he wanted "to associate myself with what Ed Murrow has just said, and say I have never been prouder of CBS." That prompted O'Brian in the Hearst newspapers (including the flagship "Journal-American") to step up his criticism of CBS and especially of Hollenbeck, who, despite his news experience under pressure situations, was a sensitive man.
On June 22, 1954, the 49-year-old Hollenbeck committed suicide by gas in his Manhattan apartment. A newspaper account reported:
References in media.
Don Hollenbeck was played by Harry Ditson in the 1986 HBO original production "Murrow". He was later played by Ray Wise in the 2005 motion picture "Good Night, and Good Luck", which was centered around Murrow and CBS News in their 1950s campaign against McCarthy. One of the film's sub-plots included Hollenbeck's suicide following continued printed attacks by Jack O'Brian. He was portrayed through the film as a broken man, as a result of his wife leaving him and the allegations by O'Brian that he was a "pinko" communist-sympathizer who deliberately biased his news reports. The movie shows Hollenbeck's suicide closely following Edward Murrow's April rebuttal to McCarthy, but the two events were in reality separated by two months; in the film's commentary track on the DVD release, director George Clooney said that this was done for dramatic reasons.

</doc>
<doc id="2928286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928286" title="Battle of Ctesiphon">
Battle of Ctesiphon

The Battle of Ctesiphon may refer to several battles fought near Ctesiphon:

</doc>
<doc id="2928289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928289" title="Mediastinoscopy">
Mediastinoscopy

Mediastinoscopy is a procedure that enables visualization of the contents of the mediastinum, usually for the purpose of obtaining a biopsy. Mediastinoscopy is often used for staging of lymph nodes of lung cancer or for diagnosing other conditions affecting structures in the mediastinum such as sarcoidosis or lymphoma. 
Mediastinoscopy involves making an incision approximately 1 cm above the suprasternal notch of the sternum, or breast bone. Dissection is carried out down to the pretracheal space and down to the carina. A scope (mediastinoscope) is then advanced into the created tunnel which provides a view of the mediastinum. The scope may provide direct visualization or may be attached to a video monitor. 
Mediastinoscopy provides access to mediastinal lymph node levels 2, 4, and 7.
Extended mediastinoscopy.
Extended mediastinoscopy is a technique which allows access to the pre-aortic (station 6) and aortopulmonary window (station 5) lymph nodes.
Parasternal mediastinotomy.
Parasternal mediastinotomy, aka, a Chamberlain procedure, is the standard approach to access lymph nodes at stations 5 and 6.

</doc>
<doc id="2928298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928298" title="Catalan Revolt">
Catalan Revolt

The Catalan Revolt (, , ; meaning in English "Reapers' War") affected a large part of the Principality of Catalonia between the years of 1640 and 1659. It had an enduring effect in the Treaty of the Pyrenees (1659), which ceded the County of Roussillon and the northern half of the County of Cerdanya to France (see French Cerdagne), thereby splitting these northern Catalan territories off from Catalonia, the Crown of Aragon and Spain.
Background.
The war had its roots in the discomfort generated in Catalan society by the presence of Castilian troops during the wars between France and Spain as part of the Thirty Years' War. Count-Duke Olivares, the chief minister of Philip IV, had been overusing Catalan resources in his wars against France. Catalan peasants, who were forced to quarter Castilian troops, responded on Corpus Christi day, May 1640, with an uprising known as 'Bloody Corpus' (Catalan "Corpus de Sang"), under the slogans "Long live the faith of Christ!", "Long live the king , our lord", "Long live the land, death to bad government". This 'Bloody Corpus' which began with the death of a "segador", a reaper, and led to the somewhat mysterious death of Dalmau de Queralt, Count of Santa Coloma and Spanish viceroy of Catalonia, marked the beginning of the conflict. The irregular militia involved were known as 'Miquelets'.
The situation took Olivares by surprise, with most of the Spanish army fighting on other fronts far from Catalonia.
Pau Claris, head of the Generalitat of Catalonia, turned the social unrest of the Catalans into a political cause and proclaimed a Catalan Republic.
Conflict.
In a first reaction, Spain sent a large army of 26,000 men under Pedro Fajardo to crush the Catalan Revolt. On its way to Barcelona, the Spanish army retook several cities, executing many hundreds of prisoners. These atrocities only reinforced the determination of the defenders of Barcelona, and the Generalitat obtained an important military victory over the Spanish army in the Battle of Montjuïc (January 26, 1641). A little later, the death of Pau Claris created a difficult local and international situation, which resulted in the proclamation of Louis XIII of France as sovereign count of Barcelona as Lluís I de Barcelona. For the next decade the Catalans and French fought as allies, taking the initiative after Montjuic.
A French-Catalan army under Philippe de La Mothe-Houdancourt moved south and gained several victories. But the sieges of Tarragona, Lleida and Tortosa finally failed and the allies had to withdraw. In the north (Roussillon), they were more successful. Perpignan was taken after a siege of 10 months, and the whole of Roussillon was under French control. Shortly after, Spanish relief armies were defeated at the Battle of Montmeló and Battle of Barcelona.
In 1652 a Spanish offensive captured Barcelona bringing the Catalan capital under Spanish control again. Irregular resistance continued for several years afterwards and some fighting took place north of the Pyrenees but the mountains became the effective border between Spanish and French areas.
Resolution.
The conflict extended beyond the Peace of Westphalia, which concluded the Thirty Years' War in 1648 but remained part of the Franco-Spanish War (1635-1659) with the confrontation between two sovereigns and two Generalitats, one based in Barcelona, under the control of Spain and the other in Perpinyà (Perpignan), under the occupation of France. In 1652 the French authorities renounced Catalonia, but held control of Roussillon, thereby leading to the signing of the Treaty of the Pyrenees in 1659.

</doc>
<doc id="2928310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928310" title="Floyd Miller">
Floyd Miller

Floyd Cleveland Miller was a member of the Communist Party USA (CPUSA), who confessed in 1954 to having worked for the Soviet intelligence agencies.
Miller was born in South Bend, Indiana and attended school in Michigan. In 1934, he moved to New York and began writing soap operas for radio station WMCA. Miller joined the Communist Party of the CPUSA in 1936. That same year, Gregory Rabinowitz recruited him to do “opposition work,” against rival political organizations. Miller's first year in the business was listening to a wiretap on Trotskyist leader, James Cannon's home. Later, he was to infiltrate the Socialist Workers Party (SWP) and become an activist, while sending reports to the CPUSA and Soviet intelligence. The Trotskyists assigned him to the Sailors Union of the Pacific in 1941, and he became editor of the union's journal, in addition to writing on military affairs for the "Fourth International", a Trotskyist journal, during World War II. Miller's position gave the Communists a spy in the upper ranks of a rival union. Miller stated later, "My job as a Stalinist was to keep track of the sailing of all Trotskyite seamen so a Stalinist agent would be at the port and have surveillance on whatever Trotskyites entered the Soviet Union." 
Miller's primary KGB contacts, as noted in Venona traffic, were Joseph Katz and a woman he knew as Sylvia Getzoff, also known as Rebecca Getzoff.
In the first half of 1944, Miller met in New York with Jack Soble who provided the KGB with microfilm of the page proofs of Leon Trotsky's biography of Joseph Stalin. Miller carried the microfilm to Mexico for the SWP to present to Natalia Sedova, Trotsky’s widow. While in Mexico, Miller spent six weeks living in the Trotsky household. When he returned to New York, Miller delivered a written report to the KGB. 
Miller confessed his covert activities to the FBI in 1954 and appeared as a witness in Robert Soblen's espionage trial in 1961. He testified that his 1944 Mexican assignment included investigating reports of a budding alliance between Trotskyists, anarchists, and other radical groups in contact with French writer Victor Serge, who was living in exile. Miller testified that he was introduced to Lucy Booker, a courier between Miller and Soble in 1945. Reports on the Trotskyists were typed in Booker's residence. Soble informed Miller in 1945 that he was being transferred to another controller, and it was then that he was introduced to Soblen. Miller's story is confirmed by numerous decrypted Venona documents. Miller stated that he ceased activities for the KGB in 1945, and began writing children's books.
Venona.
Floyd Cleveland Miller is referenced in the following Venona project decryptions:
727 KGB New York to Moscow, 20 May 1944; 751–752 KGB New York to Moscow, 26 May 1944; 826 KGB New York to Moscow, 7 June 1944; 846 KGB New York to Moscow, 14 June 1944; 851 KGB New York to Moscow, 15 June 1944; 1143–1144 KGB New York to Moscow, 10 August 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="2928317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928317" title="Bienvenido Lumbera">
Bienvenido Lumbera

Bienvenido Lumbera is a poet, critic and dramatist from the Philippines.
He is a National Artist of the Philippines and a recipient of the Ramon Magsaysay Award for Journalism, Literature and Creative Communications. He won numerous literary awards, including the National Book Awards from the National Book Foundation, and the Carlos Palanca Memorial Awards.
Personal life.
Lumbera was born in Lipa on April 11, 1932. He was barely a year old when his father, Christian Lumbera (a Shooting Guard with a local basketball team), fell from a fruit tree, broke his back, and died. Carmen Lumbera, his mother, suffered from cancer and died a few years later. By the age of five he was an orphan. He and his older sister were cared for by their paternal grandmother, Eusebia Teru.
When the war ended, Lumbera and his grandmother returned to their home in Lipa. Eusebia, however, soon succumbed to old age and he was once again orphaned. For his new guardians, he was asked to choose between his maiden aunts with whom his sister had stayed or Enrique and Amanda Lumbera, his godparents. The latter had no children of their own and Bienvenido, who was barely fourteen at the time, says he chose them mainly because "they could send me to school."
Education.
Lumbera received his Litt.B. and M.A. degrees from the University of Santo Tomas in 1950, and then his Ph.D. in Comparative Literature from Indiana University in 1968
Academe.
Lumbera taught Literature, Philippine Studies and Creative Writing at the Ateneo de Manila University, De La Salle University, the University of the Philippines Diliman, and the University of Santo Tomas. He was also appointed visiting professor of Philippine Studies at Osaka University of Foreign Studies in Japan from 1985 to 1988 and the very first "Asian scholar-in-residence" at the University of Hawaii at Manoa.
Martial law.
After Philippine President Ferdinand Marcos declared Martial Law, Lumbera was arrested by the Philippine military in January 1974. He was released in December of the same year. Cynthia Nograles, his former student at the Ateneo de Manila University, wrote to Gen. Fidel Ramos for his release. Lumbera married Cynthia a few months later. In 1976, Lumbera began teaching at the Department of Filipino and Philippine Literatures, U.P. College of Arts and Letters. In 1977, he served as editor of Diliman Review upon the request of then College of Arts and Sciences Dean Francisco Nemenzo. The publication was openly against the dictatorship but was left alone by Marcos’ authorities.
Creative works.
At the height of Martial Law, Lumbera had taken on other creative projects. He began writing librettos for musical theater. Initially, the Philippine Educational Theater Association (PETA) requested him to create a musical based on Carlos Bulosan’s "America Is in the Heart". Eventually, Lumbera created several highly acclaimed musical dramas such as "Tales of the Manuvu"; "Rama, Hari"; "Nasa Puso ang Amerika"; "Bayani"; "Noli me Tangere: The Musical"; and "Hibik at Himagsik Nina Victoria Laktaw". "Sa Sariling Bayan: Apat na Dulang May Musika", an anthology of Lumbera's musical dramas, was published by De La Salle University-Manila Press in 2004. Lumbera authored numerous books, anthologies and textbooks such as: "Revaluation"; "Pedagogy"; "Philippine Literature: A History and Anthology"; "Rediscovery: Essays in Philippine Life and Culture"; "Filipinos Writing: Philippine Literature from the Regions"; and "Paano Magbasa ng Panitikang Filipino: Mga Babasahing Pangkolehiyo".
Organizational affiliations.
Lumbera also established his leadership among Filipino writers, artists and critics by co-founding cultural organizations such as the "Philippine Comparative Literature Association" (1969); "Pamana ng Panitikan ng Pilipinas" (1970); "Kalipunan para sa mga Literatura ng Pilipinas" (1975); "Philippine Studies Association of the Philippines" (1984) and Manunuri ng Pelikulang Pilipino (1976). In such ways, Lumbera contributed to the downfall of Marcos although he was in Japan during the 1986 Edsa uprising, teaching at the Osaka University of Foreign Studies.
Lumbera is also the founding and current chairperson of the Board of Trustees of the multi-awarded media group Kodao Productions and a member of the Concerned Artists of the Philippines and the Bagong Alyansang Makabayan.
Literary reputation.
Lumbera is now widely acknowledged as one of the pillars of contemporary Philippine literature, cultural studies and film, having written and edited numerous books on literary history, literary criticism, and film. He also received several awards citing his contribution to Philippine letters, most notably the 1975 Palanca Award for Literature; the 1993 Magsaysay Award for Journalism, Literature, and Creative Communication Arts; several National Book Awards from the Manila Critics Circle; the 1998 Philippine Centennial Literary Prize for Drama; and the 1999 Cultural Center of the Philippines Centennial Honors for the Arts. He is currently the editor of "Sanghaya" (National Commission on Culture and the Arts), Professor at the Department of English in the School of Humanities of the Ateneo de Manila University, Emeritus Professor at the Department of Filipino and Philippine Literature, College of Arts and Letters, U.P. Diliman, and Professor of Literature at De La Salle University. For a time, he also served as president of the Alliance of Concerned Teachers (ACT), a national organization of more than 40,000 teachers and employees in the education sector.
The launching of "Bayan at Lipunan: Ang Kritisismo ni Bienvenido Lumbera", edited by Rosario Torres-Yu and published by the University of Santo Tomas Publishing House, was celebrated by the University of the Philippines in January 2006.
Bienvenido Lumbera was proclaimed National Artist in April 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="2928327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928327" title="Avidin">
Avidin

Avidin is a tetrameric or dimeric biotin-binding protein produced in the oviducts of birds, reptiles and amphibians and deposited in the whites of their eggs. In chicken egg white, avidin makes up approximately 0.05% of total protein (approximately 1.8 mg per egg). The tetrameric protein contains four identical subunits (homotetramer), each of which can bind to biotin (Vitamin B7, vitamin H) with a high degree of affinity and specificity. The dissociation constant of avidin is measured to be "K"D ≈ 10−15 M, making it one of the strongest known non-covalent bonds.
In its tetrameric form, avidin is estimated to be between 66–69 kDa in size. 10% of the molecular weight is attributed to carbohydrate content composed of four to five mannose and three N-acetylglucosamine residues. The carbohydrate moieties of avidin contain at least three unique oligosaccharide structural types that are similar in structure and composition.
Functional avidin is found only in raw egg, as the biotin avidity of the protein is destroyed by cooking. The natural function of avidin in eggs is not known, although it has been postulated to be made in the oviduct as a bacterial growth-inhibitor, by binding biotin the bacteria need. As evidence for this, streptavidin, a loosely related protein with equal biotin affinity and a very similar binding site, is made by certain strains of "Streptomyces" bacteria, and is thought to serve to inhibit the growth of competing bacteria, in the manner of an antibiotic.
A non-glycosylated form of avidin has been isolated from commercially prepared product; however, it is not conclusive as to whether the non-glycosylated form occurs naturally or is a product of the manufacturing process.
Discovery of avidin.
Avidin was first discovered by Esmond Emerson Snell (1914–2003). The route to discovery began with the observation that chicks on a diet of raw egg-white were deficient in biotin, despite availability of the vitamin in their diet. It was concluded that a component of the egg-white was sequestering biotin which Snell verified "in vitro" using a yeast assay. Snell later isolated the component of egg white responsible for biotin binding, and, in collaboration with Paul Gyorgy, confirmed that the isolated egg protein was the cause of biotin deficiency or “egg white injury”. At the time the protein had been tentatively named avidalbumin (literally, hungry albumin) by the involved researchers at the University of Texas. The name of the protein was later revised to "avidin" based on its affinity for biotin (avid + biotin).
Applications of avidin.
Research in the 1970s helped establish the avidin-biotin system as a powerful tool in biological sciences. Aware of the strength and specificity of the avidin-biotin complex, researchers began to exploit avidin and streptavidin as probes and affinity matrices in numerous research projects. Soon after, researchers Bayer and Wilchek developed new methods and reagents to biotinylate antibodies and other biomolecules, allowing the transfer of the avidin-biotin system to a range of biotechnological applications. Today, avidin is used in applications ranging from research and diagnostics to medical devices and pharmaceuticals.
Avidin's affinity for biotin is exploited in wide-ranging biochemical assays, including western blot, ELISA, ELISPOT and pull-down assays. In some cases the use of biotinylated antibodies has allowed the replacement of radioiodine labeled antibodies in radioimmunoassay systems, to give an assay system which is not radioactive.
Avidin immobilized onto solid supports is also used as purification media to capture biotin-labelled protein or nucleic acid molecules. For example, cell surface proteins can be specifically labelled with membrane impermeable biotin reagent, then specifically captured using an avidin-based support.
Modified forms of avidin.
As a basically charged glycoprotein, avidin exhibits non-specific binding in some applications. Neutravidin, a deglycosylated avidin with modified arginines, exhibits a more neutral isoelectric point (pI) and is available as an alternative to native avidin, whenever problems of non-specific binding arise. Deglycosylated, neutral forms of avidin are available through Sigma-Aldrich (Extravidin), Thermo Scientific (NeutrAvidin), Invitrogen (NeutrAvidin), and Belovo (NeutraLite).
Given the strength of the avidin-biotin bond, dissociation of the avidin-biotin complex requires extreme conditions that cause protein denaturation. The non-reversible nature of the avidin-biotin complex can limit avidin’s application in affinity chromatography applications where release of the captured ligand is desirable. Researchers have created an avidin with reversible binding characteristics through nitration or iodination of the binding site tyrosine. The modified avidin exhibits strong biotin binding characteristics at pH 4 and releases biotin at a pH of 10 or higher. A monomeric form of avidin with a reduced affinity for biotin is also employed in many commercially available affinity resins. The monomeric avidin is created by treatment of immobilized native avidin with urea or guanidine HCl (6–8 M), giving it a lower dissociation "K"D ≈ 10−7M. This allows elution from the avidin matrix to occur under milder, non-denaturing conditions, using low concentrations of biotin or low pH conditions. For a single high affinity biotin binding site without crosslinking, a monovalent version of avidin's distant relative, streptavidin, may be used.
Blocking of biotin binding.
The thermal stability and biotin binding activity of avidin are of both practical and theoretical interest to researchers, as avidin's stability is unusually high and avidin is an antinutrient in human food. A 1966 study published in "Biochemical and Biophysical Research Communications" found that the structure of avidin remains stable at temperatures below . Above , avidin's structure is rapidly disrupted and by , extensive loss of structure and ability to bind biotin is found. A 1991 assay for the "Journal of Food Science" detected substantial avidin activity in cooked egg white: "mean residual avidin activity in fried, poached and boiled (2 min) egg white was 33, 71 and 40% of the activity in raw egg white." The assay surmised that cooking times were not sufficient to adequately heat all cold spot areas within the egg white. Complete inactivation of avidin's biotin binding capacity required boiling for over 4 minutes.
A 1992 study found that thermal inactivation of the biotin binding activity of avidin was described by D121°C = 25 min and z = 33°C. The study disagreed with prior assumptions "that the binding site of avidin is destroyed on heat denaturation".
The biotin-binding properties of avidin were exploited during the development of idrabiotaparinux, a long-acting low molecular weight heparin used in the treatment of venous thrombosis. Due to the long-acting nature of idraparinux, concerns were made about the clinical management of bleeding complications. By adding a biotin moiety to the idraparinux molecule, idrabiotaparinux was formed; its anticoagulant activity in the setting of a bleeding event can be reversed through an intravenous infusion of avidin.

</doc>
<doc id="2928328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928328" title="List of massacres of Indigenous Australians">
List of massacres of Indigenous Australians

Massacres on Australia's frontier tended to fall under a veil of secrecy due to fear of possible legal consequences, especially following the Myall Creek Massacre in 1838 and thus remained unrecorded as a general rule. This appears at odds with the common assertion of revisionist historians that the people and Governments of Australia were all in favour of exterminating the native population. In cases where reports had to be written the records can at times be seen as having been later destroyed. Recent studies into the most significant and notorious case of this kind, that of Queensland and its Native Police Force, were thus deliberately expunged sometime in the first half of the twentieth century. It is generally acknowledged that the European as well as indigenous death toll in frontier conflicts and massacres in Queensland exceeded that of all other Australian colonies, yet it is certainly not possible to map out more than a small percentage of the numerous massacre sites in Queensland. We can calculate in various ways the minimum amount of frontier 'dispersals' performed by the Native Police Force (as was indeed done recently by Dr Raymond Evans based on a small portion of monthly native police summaries of now lost 'collision reports' stored in the archives) the approximate amount dispersals performed by the native police during half a century. However, we will never be able to locate or describe in detail more than a small percentage of these events. Thus any attempt to list all events of this nature will of nature (at least in Queensland), be more deceptive than revealing.
The concepts of invasion, frontier wars and massacres, although frequently mentioned and debated in the early Australian legislatures, has become a highly contentious issues in modern Australia. For discussion of the historical arguments about these conflicts, see the articles on the History Wars and in particular the section on the "black armband" view of history, plus the section on impact of European settlement in the article on Indigenous Australians.
The following provisory list tallies a number of the better documented massacres of Aboriginal Australians, which took place mainly during the colonial period.
1700s.
This theory is rejected by other researchers and Medical Doctors who suggest the cause of the outbreak in question was more likely due to measles, which at the time was often identified as small pox. Additionally it was noted that in the 8 month voyage of the first fleet and the following 14 months there were no reports of small pox amongst the colonists; as small pox has an incubation period of 10-12 days it is highly unlikely it was present in the first fleet.
1800s.
The first known massacre of Aboriginal people by the British occurred in 1804 at Risdon Cove, in 1816, along the Cataract River, a tributary of the Nepean River, south of Sydney. Governor Macquarie sent parties against the Gundungurra and Dharawal people, allegedly in reprisal over their encroachments against white farms in the "Nepean" and "Cowpastures" Districts. The British raiding parting split in two at Bent's Basin, with one group moving south-west against the Gundungurra, and the other moving south-east against the Dharawal. This latter group came upon Cataract Gorge,where the soldiers used their horses to force men, women and children to fall from the cliffs of the Gorge, to their deaths below. The occurrence of the Cataract Gorge (or Appin) Massacre is confirmed by Heritage NSW and the University of Western Sydney.
1900s.
Kimberley region - The Killing Times - 1890-1920: The massacres listed below have been depicted in modern Australian Aboriginal art from the Warmun/Turkey Creek community who were members of the tribes affected. Oral history of the massacres were passed down and artists such as the late Rover Thomas have depicted the massacres.

</doc>
<doc id="2928341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928341" title="Jamie Rix">
Jamie Rix

Jamie Rix (born 1958) is an English children's author.
Biography.
Jamie Rix is the son of actor and Mencap President Brian Rix and actress Elspet Gray.
He originally started writing and producing comedy including "Radio Active" for BBC Radio 4 and, for television, "Alas Smith and Jones". His first book, "Grizzly Tales for Gruesome Kids", was published in 1990 and won the Smarties Prize Children's Choice Award. Since then, he has written many books for many age groups, including "Johnny Casanova - the Unstoppable Sex Machine" for older readers, and several sequels to "Grizzly Tales for Gruesome Kids". This book and its sequels have now been adapted into an award-winning television animation series. 
"The Revenge Files of Alistair Fury", Jamie Rix's book cycle, was originally called "The War Diaries of Alistair Fury", an account of an eleven-year-old boy desperate for revenge on his older brother and sister. This series includes (in order): "Bugs on the Brain", "Dead Dad Dog", "Kiss of Death", "Tough Turkey", "Summer Helliday" "Exam Fever". The series has been adapted into a successful CBBC series, which won a BAFTA in 2008.
He is married to Helen and has two adult sons, Ben and Jack. The couple live in Tooting, London.

</doc>
<doc id="2928370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928370" title="Love, Whitney">
Love, Whitney

Love, Whitney is a compilation album by Whitney Houston, released in Europe in 2001, and in the US in 2002. It was the follow-up to Houston's multi-platinum greatest hits collection "" (2000). "Love, Whitney" is a collection of ballads that have become her trademark over the years and includes a collection of nine top 20 hits. As Allmusic reviewer Jose F. Promis noted, it "isn't meant to be a greatest-hits collection" but "it's an assortment of big, swooping Whitney Houston love songs" and that it "is solely intended for the most casual of fans" In the United Kingdom, the album has sold 42 000 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="2928372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928372" title="Local-access television">
Local-access television

Local-access television can refer to:
Public, educational, and government access television: (also PEG-TV, PEGA, PEG channel) refers to three different cable television specialty channels. Public-access television was created in the United States between 1969 and 1971 by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) and has since been mandated under the Cable Communications Act of 1984, which is codified under 47 USC § 531.

</doc>
<doc id="2928375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928375" title="Friendship Creek">
Friendship Creek

Friendship Creek is a tributary of the South Branch Rancocas Creek in southern New Jersey in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="2928383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928383" title="Tack (square sail)">
Tack (square sail)

The tack of a square-rigged sail is a line attached to its lower corner. This is in contrast to the more common fore-and-aft sail, whose tack is a part of the sail itself, the corner which is (possibly semi-permanently) secured to the vessel.
Most square-rig sails have their clews pulled down to the yard of the sail below, and hence the position of the foot of the sail is controlled by the braces of the sail below. These sails do not have tacks. The exception to this scheme is the course, which does not have a yard below it. On this sail, the sheets are led aft, and pull the clews back as well as down, taking the place of the braces of the non-existent sail below. This works perfectly well when the wind is aft of the beam, but as the ship heads further to windward the sheets become less and less effective for controlling the windward clew. 
Rather than being a simple "bag of wind" held from behind, the sail must be pulled into a (fairly poor) approximation of an aerofoil, like a modern triangular sail, by hauling the windward leech as far forward and as tight as possible. The sheet is in totally the wrong position to do this and so at this point the tack is brought into play. It is a second line attached to the clew along with the sheet, but the inboard end may be taken to a suitable point well forward of the sail and pulled taut to tighten the leech into some kind of leading edge. 
For ease of movement, a tack is usually a single line rather than having blocks. A common arrangement, however, is to have a separate shorter tackle which can be hooked on to apply greater force over the last few feet of movement. This is shown (though not in use) in the picture. The tackle which is just visible stowed behind the mooring bollard can be hooked into the strop or loop (labelled) on the tack in order to tighten the leach further if it should be required.

</doc>
<doc id="2928392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928392" title="Glass floor">
Glass floor

Glass floors are made with transparent glass when it is useful to view something from above or below; whereas translucent glass is used when there is no need to view through. In either case, toughened glass is usually chosen, for its durability and resistance to breakage.
Flooring.
Glass as a flooring material is used in both residential and commercial structures. Special hollow glass blocks known as '"glass pavers" are often used in combination with a metal frame. Glass floors are often lit from below with natural or artificial light, or may be treated as ordinary floor surfaces illuminated from above.
A German manufacturer of squash court floors has diversified into making glass floors for other sports, such as basketball. Their glass floors usually are translucent rather than transparent, and the line markings are indicated by illumination with LEDs below the floor.
On occasion, transparent display cases are built into the floor, such as in the Museum of Sydney (in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia), where the remains of drains and privies are shown in their original context, along with other archeological artifacts.
Tourist attractions.
Usually made of a toughened glass which is also laminated for structural strength, a transparent floor is most commonly used as a tourist attraction. Glass-bottom boats are popular for allowing a better view into the water.
At 4000 feet (1219 m), the highest glass floor above ground is the novel outdoor application of the Grand Canyon Skywalk, operated by the Hualapai Indian tribe. The highest above ground level in a freestanding structure is in the CN Tower in Toronto, Ontario at 1122 feet (342 m).
In May 2014, the top layer of a glass floor spontaneously shattered in "the Ledge", a popular tourist attraction more than above street level, near the top of the Willis Tower in Chicago. Spokespersons for the architect (Skidmore, Owings & Merrill) and the tower management said that the broken glass was a protective layer, and that two other slabs of glass beneath it were strong enough to prevent anybody falling through.
Some new planetariums now feature a glass floor, which allows spectators to stand near the center of a sphere surrounded by projected images in all directions, giving the impression of floating in outer space. For example, a small planetarium at AHHAA in Tartu, Estonia features such an installation, with special projectors for images below the feet of the audience, as well as above their heads.
Use for study.
Scientific studies of locomotion and gait have used glass floors to enable views from all angles.
Glass floors have also been used by artists to study foreshortening. The surrealist painter Salvador Dalí had one built to help him with the dramatic perspectives in his artwork.

</doc>
<doc id="2928398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928398" title="Kimball House (Atlanta)">
Kimball House (Atlanta)

The Kimball House was the name of two historical hotels in Atlanta, Georgia. Both were constructed on an entire city block at the south-southeast corner of Five Points, bounded by Whitehall Street (now part of Peachtree Street), Decatur Street, Pryor Street, and Wall Street, a block now occupied by a multi-story parking garage.
First Kimball House.
Design and construction.
In 1870 on a recommendation of building contractor John C. Peck, Hanniball Kimball purchased a lot near the Union Depot where the Atlanta Hotel had been before being burned in 1864 during the American Civil War. He gathered the financing for the endeavor through a confusing (and later a scandalous) combination of bonds, mortgages and subscriptions. The original estimate for the hotel was $250,000, though it eventually cost $650,000, 1/15th the total assessed value of Atlanta real estate at the time. The unusual funding scheme resulted in Kimball filing for bankruptcy and losing control of the building by the next year.
Kimball hired William Parkins as the architect while Peck served as the construction manager for the project., Construction began immediately on March 28, 1870, the day after Kimball received his lease from King. The lot, primarily owned by Joseph Thompson, was located on Pryor Street between Decatur and Wall. Thompson sold his portion of the land to Kimball through his real estate agent George W. Adair. The rest of the land was leased to Kimball by Richard Peters and John P. King.
Opening.
Kimball began construction, promising to have the hotel complete by October 1870. True to his word, Kimball hosted a dinner to celebrate the opening of the hotel on October 17 that year, although the structure was only two-thirds complete, and parts of the interior work would take the better part of a decade to be finished.
The completed six-story building was built of brick and painted yellow with brown trim. It had a four-story open-air lobby filed with plants, flowers, and a fountain. The House also boasted gas-light chandeliers, a central heating plant, a laundry, billiard hall, and 500 hotel rooms. It also had sixteen stores. It was the first building in Atlanta to have elevators and central heating.
Role in post-Civil War Atlanta.
In many ways it was the public face of Reconstruction-era Atlanta, housing presidents and railroad executives while hosting political meetings and business meetings. Many important citizens lived their adult bachelorhoods in its rooms. Robert Toombs made the Kimball house his second home in Atlanta. The hotel showcased famous entertainers of the day including General Tom Thumb and Edwin Booth, brother of John Wilkes Booth.
In 1892, the Kimball House was the center of excitement surrounding the first University of Georgia vs. Auburn football game held on February 20, 1892. Both teams arrived in Atlanta via the railroad, the Georgia team riding on the "Georgia Special", and immediately headed to the Kimball House where tickets were being sold for 50 cents for adults and 25 cents for children.
1883 fire and destruction of the Kimball House.
At 4:30 a.m. on August 12, 1883, a careless cigar-smoking lemon dealer began a fire in the southwest corner of the huge building. The fire spread through the elevator shafts and quickly got out of control. The Atlanta Fire Department was unable to do much because of difficulty in reaching the site, and poor water pressure from the city cisterns; by 8:00 a.m., the building was destroyed. No lives were lost.
Second Kimball House.
Design and construction.
Citing a loss of business and prestige to the city, George Adair, Henry W. Grady, Richard Peters and others began fund-raising for rebuilding the hotel. They soon called on Kimball to lead the effort, even though he then resided in Chicago and had had no dealings with the property since he left town ten years before.
Built on the same site, but much larger than its predecessor, it had seven floors with 31 stores, 22 public rooms, and 357 hotel rooms.
The structure was built to be completely fireproof, and officially opened for business on New Year's Day 1885.
Hugh T. Inman.
When owner Hugh T. Inman's daughter married banker John W. Grant in 1893, Inman gave the Kimball as a wedding gift to the couple.
Later years.
Bill Monroe's first solo recording session, to be released as the "Blue Grass Boys", was recorded in a temporary recording studio in the Kimball House on October 7, 1940.
Destruction.
It was razed in 1959, the first of many historic buildings demolished in Atlanta during the 1960s and '70s, and replaced by a parking deck which still stands.

</doc>
<doc id="2928399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928399" title="Philip Orin Parmelee">
Philip Orin Parmelee

Philip Orin Parmelee (1887 - 1 June 1912) was an American aviation pioneer trained by the Wright brothers and credited with several early world aviation records and "firsts" in flight. He turned a keen interest in small engines into employment with the Wright Company in its early years and was one of several young pilots hired by the Wright brothers to demonstrate and publicize the capabilities of their airplanes. Because of his youth, blond good looks, and daring reputation, Paremelee had the nickname "Skyman" attributed to him.
Among the feats credited to Parmelee are the first commercial flight of an airplane, establishing a world cross-country speed record, holding the world flying endurance record, piloting the first aircraft to drop a bomb, conducting the first military reconnaissance flight and piloting the first aircraft involved in the world's first parachute jump.
Parmelee was killed in the crash of an airplane he was piloting at an exhibition in Yakima, Washington, when turbulence flipped the airplane upside down.
Biography.
Parmelee was born in 1887 to Charles W. Parmelee, a sawmill owner in Matherton, Michigan. In 1901, the family moved to Marion, Michigan, where his mother was killed in a "runaway" (apparently a runaway horse).
He was raised by his father in St. Johns, Michigan. Parmelee had a mechanical aptitude for small engines, building his own electric, steam, and gasoline-powered motors. Publications of the day in Marion note that he built a steam-powered small auto, using an old horse buggy body and bicycle wheels, with a gasoline-fueled steam boiler of his own design powering the vehiicle. Parmelee was notorious for driving it on the streets of the town. His first job was with the Richmond and Holmes Machine Company in St. Johns, Michigan, from 1904 to 1906, working by day and exploring an interest in the machinery for showing silent films during his evenings.
In 1906, he went to work for the Eclipse Motor Company in Mancelona, Michigan, where his skills prompted his employer to recommend him to the Buick Automobile Company in Flint, Michigan. While working for Buick, Parmelee became interested in the racing cars of Louis Chevrolet and was reputed to have taken one being repaired at the plant on an unauthorized night-time drive to Flushing, a 19 mile round trip. Parmelee worked as a mechanic for a car on the Glidden tour, an annual road rally from the south to New York City, with Parmelee's car winning the event.
Aviator.
In 1910, he submitted an application and was chosen to join the Wright Flying School run by Wilbur Wright and Orville Wright. After training, he joined the Wright Exhibition Team. One of his first assignments was as a demonstration pilot for the Wright B Flyer at the Appalachian Exposition in Knoxville, Tennessee.
On 7 November 1910, Parmelee became the first pilot to transport commercial cargo. His flight took him from Dayton, Ohio, carrying a package of 100 pounds of silk valued between $800 and $1,000 for the opening of a store. Parmelee's route took him from Dayton to Columbus, Ohio by way of South Charleston and London, following the route of the old National Road. Newspaper clippings quoted the Wright brothers as stating he covered the distance in 66 minutes, but the flight was officially recorded at 57 minutes, a world speed record at the time.
Parmelee also traveled to Texas in the spring of 1911, where he flew the Wright Flyer with Lt. Benjamin D. Foulois. The pair conducted the first military reconnaissance missions, flying along the border with Mexico during maneuvers held by the U.S. Army as a show of force to Mexican revolutionaries. The airplane was owned by neither the U.S. Army, whose aircraft was no longer reliable, nor the Wright brothers, but was rented from Robert J. Collier, owner of "Collier's Weekly". On their second flight, Foulois and Parmelee accidentally shut off the engine. At extremely low altitude over the Rio Grande, Parmelee got the engine to restart, but at full throttle. The sudden thrust caused the plane to nose down into the water and flip over onto its top. Neither pilot was injured and the aircraft was salvaged and repaired. Later in 1911, Parmelee was the pilot of a Wright Model B when 54-year-old parachutist Grant Morton jumped out over Venice Beach, California. This was the earliest known jump by a man from an airplane using a parachute.
Death.
Parmelee was piloting an airplane at an air show in Yakima, Washington, on June 1, 1912, at altitudes variously described from . Air turbulence caused him to crash, killing him instantly. He was buried in East Plains Cemetery in Clinton County, Michigan.
Legacy.
An historic marker to Philip O. Parmelee, erected in 1978, is displayed at the Lansing Capital Region International Airport terminal in DeWitt Township, Michigan.
Parmalee appeared in an early silent film "A Dash Through the Clouds" directed by Mack Sennett and starring Mabel Normand. In the film Parmalee plays a pilot called 'Slim' and flies Mabel around in his Wright B aeroplane. Parmalee completed this film and it was released two weeks after his death on June
24, 1912.

</doc>
<doc id="2928400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928400" title="Wings (1996 video game)">
Wings (1996 video game)

Wings is a freeware computer game (originally shareware) created by Miika Virpioja. A 2D, DOS-based computer game with space ships that behave like lunar landers. You can select one of 33 weapons, and the surroundings can be destroyed. The game features multiplayer capabilities, either through linked PCs or two or more players using one keyboard plus gamepads/joysticks. In the original shareware version certain weapons were locked until the game was registered. The game includes a level editor.
The game featured a number of module files as soundtrack. One of them, "januski.s3m", was an original composition by Juha Lehtioksa, guitarist of the Finnish gothic metal band Silentium, and bears a very strong resemblance to the band's song "Forever Sleep" on the album "Infinita Plango Vulnera", released in 1999. While the track had initially been used without permission and even credited to another person, Lehtioksa had nothing against using his song in the game—in fact, he even liked the idea of having the track on Wings's soundtrack—but after receiving a number of enquiries regarding the song over the years, some of them very hostile in nature, he finally asked Virpioja to remove it from the game.

</doc>
<doc id="2928402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928402" title="Burrs Mill Brook">
Burrs Mill Brook

Burrs Mill Brook is a tributary of Friendship Creek in southern New Jersey in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="2928404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928404" title="Richard Newman (actor)">
Richard Newman (actor)

Richard Newman (born 14 October 1949 in Chicago, Illinois) is an actor notable for his numerous voice roles in "Transformers" cartoons. He currently resides in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
Career.
Newman started his career in voice acting in "Beast Wars" ("Beasties" in Canada) voicing Rhinox and the Vok. He has also had roles in "Dragon Ball Z", "RoboCop Alpha Commando", and "Beast Machines: Transformers" as well as "MegaMan NT Warrior", and "Bucky O'Hare and the Toad Wars". Newman also provided archvillain Phaeton's voice in the animated television series "Exosquad". His most recent role was as the Bear Hugger, a Canadian boxer, in "Punch-Out!!".
Newman's credits also includes theatre work. During 2011 season of Vancouver's Bard on the Beach festival, he was acclaimed for his performance of Shylock in "The Merchant of Venice" and was nominated for a Jessie Award for "Outstanding Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role, Large Theatre".

</doc>
<doc id="2928413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928413" title="Council of Troubles">
Council of Troubles

The Council of Troubles (usual English translation of , or , or ) was the special tribunal instituted on September 9, 1567 by Fernando Álvarez de Toledo, 3rd Duke of Alba, governor-general of the Habsburg Netherlands on the orders of Philip II of Spain to punish the ringleaders of the recent political and religious "troubles" in the Netherlands. Because of the many death sentences pronounced by the tribunal, it also became known as the Council of Blood (Bloedraad in Dutch and Conseil de Sang in French). The tribunal would be abolished by Alba's successor Luis de Zúñiga y Requesens on June 7, 1574 in exchange for a subsidy from the States-General of the Netherlands, but in practice it remained in session until the popular revolution in Brussels of the summer of 1576.
Background.
During the final two years of the regency of Margaret of Parma over the Habsburg Netherlands political (disaffection of the high nobility with its diminished role in the councils of state), religious (disaffection over the persecution of heretics and the reform of the organisation of the Catholic Church in the Netherlands, especially the creation of new dioceses), and economic circumstances (a famine in 1565) conspired to bring about a number of political and social events that shook the regime to its foundations. A League of Nobles (mostly members of the lower nobility) protested the severity of the persecution of heretics with a petition to the Regent, who conceded the demands temporarily. This may have encouraged the Calvinists in the country to follow the iconoclastic depredations on Catholic churches that also burst out in France in the summer of 1566. Though this iconoclastic fury was soon suppressed by the authorities, and the concessions to the Calvinists retracted, these "troubles" sufficiently disturbed the Court in Madrid to motivate Philip to send his trusted commander, the Duke of Alba, with an army of Spanish mercenaries to "restore order" in the Netherlands. When he arrived there, his first measures so offended the Regent that she resigned in protest in early September, 1567.
History of the Council of Troubles.
Patent instituting the Council.
One of these measures was the institution (Sept. 9, 1567) of a council to investigate and punish the events described above. This council was only later to become known as the "Council of Troubles," as for the moment it was presented as just an advisory council, next to the three collateral Habsburg councils (Council of State, Privy Council, and Council of Finances), and the High Court at Mechelen. The fact, however, that it superseded these preexisting councils for this express purpose, and that the new tribunal (as it turned out to be) ignored the judicial privileges enshrined in such constitutional documents as the "Joyeuses entrées" of the ancient Duchy of Brabant (which Philip had affirmed on his accession to the ducal throne in 1556), shocked the constitutional conscience of the Regent, and the Dutch politicians.
Initially, the council was composed of the Duke himself (as president), assisted by two high Netherlandish nobles, Charles de Berlaymont (the alleged author of the epithet "Geuzen")[http://dutchrevolt.leidenuniv.nl/Nederlands/personen/b/berlaymont.htm] and Philippe de Noircarmes (as vice-presidents). Members were a number of prominent jurists, recruited from the Councils of the provinces, like Adrianus Nicolai (chancellor of Guelders), Jacob Meertens (president of the council of Artois), Pieter Asset, Jacob Hessels (councillor of Ghent), and his colleague Johan de la Porte ("advocaat-fiscaal" of Flanders). Jean du Bois, "procureur-generaal" at the High Court became chief prosecutor.
The most important members, however, were two Spaniards, who came with Alba from Spain: Juan de Vargas and Luis del Rio [http://dutchrevolt.leidenuniv.nl/Nederlands/personen/d/delriolouis.htm. Jacques de la Torre (a secretary of the Privy Council) became the principal secretary of the new council. Only these Spanish members apparently had the right to vote on verdicts. Vargas played, informally, a leading role within the council as he prepared the agenda and he vetted all draft verdicts before they were presented to the governor-general for final disposition.
Organization and procedure.
At first, the council acted as an advisory council of the Duke, who decided on all verdicts himself. As the number of cases grew into the thousands in the years following the early sensational trials, this was not practicable. Alba therefore instituted two criminal and two civil Chambers for the Council in 1569, and expanded the number of councillors appreciably, at the same time replacing a few councillors (like the Burgundian Claude Belin), who had shown an undesirable degree of independence. The most important of the new members was the new secretary Jeronimo de Roda [http://dutchrevolt.leidenuniv.nl/Nederlands/personen/r/roda.htm], who received the same powers as Vargas and Del Rio.
The criminal cases were apportioned to the two criminal chambers on a regional basis. The civil chambers were charged with the many appeals against confiscations of the material goods that were usually part of the death sentences or sentences of perpetual banishment. The management of these forfeited possessions was also an important task of the civil chambers. The case load was nevertheless so overwhelming, that at the time of the formal abolition of the council a staggering 14,000 cases were still undecided.
Besides its judicial functions, the Council also had an important advisory role in the attempts at codification of criminal law, that the government of Alba made in the early 1570s. Because of the development of the Revolt, these laudable attempts came to nothing, however.
After the initial, rather chaotic period, the procedure followed in trials was that all criminal courts had to report cases within the remit of the council (heresy and treason) to the council. Depending on the importance of the case, the council would then either leave the case to the lower court for settlement, or take it up itself. In case the matter was called up from the lower court, it would either be settled by the council itself, or the lower court would receive instructions about the sentence it would have to pronounce.
The government did not leave the prosecutions to chance in the lower courts, however. From the beginning, commissioners were sent out to the provinces to actively pursue heretics and political undesiderables. Those commissioners were an important source of cases, and they also functioned as provincial annexes of the central council in Brussels.
The trials were conducted completely in writing. Written indictments were produced that had to be answered in writing by the defendants. The verdicts were in writing also.
The verdicts generally had little basis in law as it was understood at the time. The accusation was usually "crimen laesae majestatis" or high treason. This, of course, was a crime well-founded in Roman law (which was still followed in the Netherlands at the time). But the exact content was nebulous. The councillors (and Alba himself) apparently made it up as they went, according to the exigencies of the situation. No wonder many contemporaries viewed the proceedings as purely arbitrary. The fact that the proceedings seem to have been guided only by verbal instructions of Alba, did little to ameliorate this impression.
Notorious cases.
The most notorious cases were those of the political elite of the Netherlands. Alba indicted most members of the former Council of State in late 1567. Most indictees (like William the Silent) had gone abroad for their health, but two prominent members Lamoral, Count of Egmont and Philip de Montmorency, Count of Horn were apprehended in December, 1567. Despite the fact that they were members of the Order of the Golden Fleece, and claimed the privilege to be tried by their peers, Philip denied this claim, and they were tried and convicted by the Council of Troubles.
Both were sentenced to death and executed on June 5, 1568.
But these were only the most eminent victims. According to Jonathan Israel, 8950 individuals, from all levels of society, were convicted of heresy or treason. As most of these were tried "in absentia", however, only about 1,000 of these sentences were carried out. The other convicts had to live in exile, their possessions confiscated.
Alba's main objectives with the activities of the Council seem to have been to institute a reign of terror among what he saw as the enemies of the Regime, and to make money for the depleted coffers of that Regime.
As regards the first objective: four days before the execution of the Counts of Egmont and Horne there was the wholesale execution of eighteen lesser nobles (among whom the three brothers Bronckhorst van Batenburg) in Brussels. Many other nobles, especially from Holland, where a large part of the "ridderschap" had been implicated in the League of Nobles, fled abroad (still forfeiting their lands). Among those were (who would in 1572 capture Den Briel), Gijsbrecht van Duivenvoorde (who would be a prominent defender in the siege of Haarlem in 1573), Jacob van Duivenvoorde (later a prominent defender of Leiden in 1574) and Willem van Zuylen van Nijevelt (a Utrecht iconoclast). But members of the urban patriciate were also persecuted. The Advocate of the States of Holland, Jacob van den Eynde was arrested, but died in captivity before his trial ended. In Haarlem Dirck Volckertszoon Coornhert was arrested, but he managed to escape, Lenaert Jansz de Graeff from Amsterdam fled to Brugge and became later captain of the Sea Beggers in the Capture of Brielle. Others, like Jan van Casembroot (from Bruges) and Anthonie van Straelen (from Antwerp) were less fortunate.
Many more lesser-known people were engulfed in the wholesale condemnations that the Council issued like clockwork. The first were 84 inhabitants of Valenciennes (then still part of the Netherlands) on January 4, 1568; followed on February 20 by 95 people from several places in Flandres; February 21: 25 inhabitants of Thielt and 46 of Mechelen etc. etc. The impression this made did not miss its effect: thousands of people somehow related to the Calvinist religion now fled to more congenial places. Examples would be many families in Amsterdam (De Graeff, Bicker, Laurens Reael, Huydecoper van Maarsseveen, , and ) and Middelburg (Boreel, Van der Perre, Van Vosbergen) who would later become prominent Regent families in those cities. The exodus proceeded in two main waves: in the spring of 1567 (of those who did not await Alba's arrival), and again after a round of wholesale arrests, in the winter of 1567/68. The total number of people involved has been estimated at 60,000.
Alba had hoped that the confiscations that accompanied the condemnations would be an important source of income for the Crown. But in this respect he was to be disappointed, also because Philip directed him to pay new pensions from the proceeds to people who had served the Crown well in previous years. Besides, the families of the condemned didn't take the confiscations lying down. The civil chambers of the Council were swamped with claims concerning the legality of the confiscations. Nevertheless, the proceeds reached half a million ducats annually according to a letter from the Spanish ambassador in France to Philip in 1572.
Abolition.
After Alba's replacement with Requesens as governor-general the Council continued its work. However, it became more and more clear that its proceedings were counterproductive as a means to combat the Rebellion. Philip therefore authorized Requesens to abolish the Council in 1574, if the States General were prepared to make adequate political concessions. After the promise of a large subsidy by the States General the Council was formally abolished by Requesens on June 7, 1574, contingent, however, on payment of the subsidy.
Aftermath.
As the subsidy remained unpaid, the Council remained in being during the remainder of the reign of Requesens. No more death sentences were pronounced, however. After Requesens death in March, 1576 a power vacuum ensued. The Council of State now demanded to see the instructions and records of the tribunal. However, the secretary, De Roda, replied that there were no written instructions. When asked how the council had managed to try and condemn so many people, he said that the council had condemned nobody: all sentences were pronounced by the governors-general themselves; the council had technically only prepared the drafts.
On September 4, 1576, revolutionary bands, led by Jacques de Glimes, "bailli" of Brabant, arrested the members of the Council of State (the acting Brussels government). This ended at the same time the Council of Troubles (which the Council of State had not dared to disperse). Unfortunately, a large part of the archives of the council were lost shortly after this action. This may also have something to do with the fact that the sentences of the Council were quashed as a consequence of the amnesty, contained in the Pacification of Ghent which was concluded shortly afterwards. Fortunately, many duplicates are still extant in Spanish archives. Prominent members of the council were arrested by the Rebels, like Del Rio (who was sent to the headquarters of the Prince of Orange, but was later exchanged), and the notorious Hessels (who was summarily hanged by the revolutionary Ghent government). Others, however, escaped the revenge of the people, like the Spaniards Vargas and De Roda.

</doc>
<doc id="2928423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928423" title="Torque steering">
Torque steering

Torque steering is the influence of engine torque on the steering, especially in front-wheel drive vehicles with transversely mounted engines. For example, during heavy acceleration the steering may pull to one side, which may be disturbing to the driver. The effect is manifested either as a tugging sensation in the steering wheel, or a veering of the vehicle from the intended path. Torque steer is directly related to differences in the forces in the contact patches of the left and right drive wheels. The effect becomes more evident when high torques are applied to the drive wheels either because of low transmission gearing, high engine torque, or some combination of the two. Torque steering is distinct from steering kickback.
Causes.
Root causes for torque steer are:
The problems associated with unequal length driveshafts is endemic to the transverse engine layout combined with an end mounted transmission unit; some manufacturers have mitigated this completely by mounting the engine longitudinally but still driving the front wheels - this indeed was the solution adopted on the earliest front wheel drive Citroens. Early Renault front driven models such as the R4, R5 Phase I and R12 also adopted this layout, as does Audi to the present day in its mid size models upward. The key disadvantage is packaging, since it extends the front overhangs of the vehicle, and in the case of Audi, who mount the power unit ahead of the front axle line, compromises handling by going against the perfect 50:50 weight distribution. This configuration does however facilitate the easy addition of all wheel drive - Subaru also uses the overhung longditudinal engine for the same reason, but mitigate the issue of unbalanced centre of gravity by using a "flat-four" boxer engine.
Ways to reduce the effect of torque steer.
Rear-wheel-drive vehicles still are affected by torque steer in the sense that any of the above situations will still apply a steering moment to the car (though from the rear wheels instead of the front). However, the torque-steer effect at the rear wheels will not send any torque response back through the steering column, so the driver will not have to fight the steering wheel.

</doc>
<doc id="2928426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928426" title="Chen Bingde">
Chen Bingde

Chen Bingde (; born July 1941 in Nantong, Jiangsu) is a general in the People's Liberation Army. He was the Director-General of the General Armaments Department until September 2007. In this position he acted as the head of the space program of China. Currently he is both the commanding general of People's Liberation Army General Staff Department in Beijing, which is equivalent to chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff and the Commander-in-Chief of the People's Liberation Army Ground Force.
Biography.
He joined the Communist Party of China (CPC) in 1962 and has been a member of the CPC Central Military Commission since 2004. He was former chief of the Nanjing Military Region, a crucial region in Beijing's military strategy against Taiwan. 
In 2004, he was promoted to the director of the General Armament Department as well as the secretary of CPC's committee. In 2007 he was promoted to the direct of General Staff Department. He was made a major general in September 1988, a lieutenant general in July 1995, and a general in 2002. He is a member of CPC's 15th, 16th and 17th central committee.

</doc>
<doc id="2928430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928430" title="Funimation Channel">
Funimation Channel

The Funimation Channel is a 24-hour cable network which broadcasts anime series in the United States. Olympusat was chosen as the exclusive distributor of the network. 
The linear channel is available on AT&T U-verse, Frontier FiOS, iFiber Communications, Groton Utilities, Sjoberg's Inc, SureWest, TVMAX, Wavevision and Choice Cable TV. 
Funimation Channel premiered such titles as "Fullmetal Alchemist: The Sacred Star of Milos" movie and "Okami-san" on its VOD service. The subscription video on-demand service for Funimation Channel is available on Optimum, Charter Communications, Armstrong Cable. The channel launched its HD feed on September 27, 2010.
Colors TV block.
The Funimation Channel started out as a block on television network Colours TV. Programs during this era were "Dragon Ball", "Negima!", "Kodocha", "The Slayers", "Blue Gender", "Kiddy Grade", "Fruits Basket", "Case Closed" and "YuYu Hakusho".
History.
The Funimation Channel is North America's second 24-hour English-dubbed anime digital cable network. The first was A.D. Vision's Anime Network The service originally was available to a few cities via UHF digital signals and was temporary as the channel was trying to gain a foothold in the already crowded digital cable landscape. Another short-term service was the syndication of a FUNimation Channel block to one of OlympuSAT’s affiliate networks, Colours TV syndicated block. Both services were discontinued in favor for a more successful expansion on digital cable, fiber optics and DBS systems, making it now a cable television network. 
In May 2009, Funimation Channel continued its expansion on cable launching on Comcast's VOD platform and offering two services - Free On Demand and PPV On Demand. The PPV VOD offers viewers a chance to watch titles prior to their DVD release. Movies and packaged specials are available at $2.99 each while episodes are available at $.99 each. 
As of September 27, 2010, a High Definition feed was launched alongside existing VOD services. On February 16, 2012, Verizon announced that it will drop Funimation Channel and Bridges TV from its Verizon FiOS service "on, or after March 15" due to "very low viewership". In response to reaction from Verizon FiOS TV customers, FiOS TV returned Funimation Channel via Video on Demand. Channel 262 remains on the FiOS system operated by Frontier Communications in some ex-Verizon territories. Cablevision's Optimum TV recently launched FUNimation Channel On Demand in the NY/NJ/CT Tri-State area. Adding this MSO increased FUNimation Channel's footprint to over 40 million households nationwide.

</doc>
<doc id="2928433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928433" title="A.S.D. Junior Biellese Libertas">
A.S.D. Junior Biellese Libertas

Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Junior Biellese Libertas is an Italian football club, based in Biella, Piedmont that currently plays in Eccellenza Piedmont and Aosta Valley.
History.
From U.S. Biellese to A.S. Biellese.
The historic club was founded in 1902 as "U.S. Biellese".
In 1930 the club changes its name to "A.S. Biellese" and disbanded in the summer 1993.
A.S. Biellese 1902.
In the summer 1993 the provincial club of "F.C. Vigliano", just promoted in Eccellenza Piemonte, changes its name to "F.C.V. Biellese-Vigliano" which becomes "Biellese F.C." in 1997, for regaining A.S. Biellese 1902 only in 2001.
"A.S. Biellese 1902" finished 17th in Girone A of Serie C2 2006-07 and was forced to play in the relegation playoffs, where it lost 3–2 on aggregate to 14th-placed Lumezzane, and was relegated to Serie D.
In the Serie D 2007–08 season, the team played in Girone A where it placed a distant second to Alessandria. However, the team did participate in the Serie D playoffs but failed to qualify for the group stage of the tournament.
In the Serie D 2008–09 season, Biellese was placed first in Girone A and has won direct promotion to Lega Pro Seconda Divisione, but has decided to self-relegate to Eccellenza classifying in the season 2009-10, 11th.
In July 2010 the club was disbanded.
A.S.D. Junior Biellese Libertas.
In summer 2010, two minor local clubs: 
have decided to merge, for take the place of the old "A.S. Biellese 1902", to form A.S.D. Junior Biellese Libertas.
It in the season 2010-11, it has maintained the same league of the "A.S.D. Libertas Biella Cossato" and has played so always in Promozione Piemonte group A who has won and thus was promoted to Eccellenza Piedmont and Aosta Valley.
Colors and badge.
The team's colors are black and white.

</doc>
<doc id="2928434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928434" title="Black conservatism">
Black conservatism

Black conservatism is a political and social movement rooted in communities of African descent that aligns largely with the conservative movement around the world. It often emphasizes patriotism, independence and self-sufficiency, free enterprise, and strong cultural conservatism within the context of the Black church. In the United States it is often, but not exclusively, associated with the Republican Party.
Black conservatism worldwide.
Black conservatism in the United Kingdom.
While there was an early link in the 18th century between Black Britons, mainly former slaves, and the abolitionist conservatives who successfully sought the end of the slave trade in 1807 many Black Britons have not traditionally supported conservative policies. This in some part emerged from the hostility of the Conservative Party to immigration from the Commonwealth during the 1950s and 1960s, culminating in the infamous speech by a leading Conservative Enoch Powell, in which he predicted mass immigration would lead to "a river of blood".
Despite this, there has long been a small number of conservative blacks. In recent years the Conservatives have attempted to undo the long-standing conservative prejudices, by attacking racism and trying to cultivate more of a following amongst the black community.
Increasingly more black and ethnic minority figures are being appointed and elected to positions within the Conservative Party. Notable black Conservatives in the United Kingdom include Lord Taylor of Warwick, Adam Afriyie MP, Wilfred Emmanuel-Jones and James Cleverly, a member of the London Assembly, and solicitor / businesswoman Helen Grant [http://www.helengrant.org]. Boxer Frank Bruno has also been a vocal supporter of the Conservative Party.
Black conservatism in Canada.
Notable black conservatives in Canada include Senator Anne Cools and Senator Donald Oliver, both of whom serve in the Senate of Canada. Senator Oliver is a member of the Conservative Party of Canada, while Cools is a non-aligned Senator recognized as voting mainly with the Conservative caucus. Lincoln Alexander was Canada's first black MP, and served as a Federal Member of Parliament between 1968 to 1980 in the riding of Hamilton West. Alberta MPP Lindsay Blackett is a member of the Conservative Party.
Black conservatism in the United States.
Black conservatism in the United States is a political and social movement rooted in communities of African descent that aligns largely with the American conservative movement. Since the Civil Rights Movement in the latter 20th Century, the African-American community has generally swung to the left of the right-wing conservative movement, and has predominantly favored itself on the side of liberalism. Black conservatism emphasizes traditionalism, strong patriotism, capitalism, free markets, and opposition to abortion and gay marriage in the context of the black church. Some elected black conservatives include Florida representative Allen West, U.S. Senator Tim Scott of South Carolina, former Oklahoma representative J.C. Watts, and former Connecticut representative Gary Franks. Other notable black conservatives include economist Thomas Sowell, former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, perennial political candidate Alan Keyes, and Supreme Court justice Clarence Thomas. In 2009, Michael Steele became the first black man to chair the Republican National Committee. In 2011, Herman Cain was considered the leading Republican presidential nominee for a period of time. In addition there are a number of up and coming voices in the arena of political talks shows, and guest analysts such as Dr. Carol Swain, professor of political science from Vanderbilt University with multiple appearances on CNN, Fox News, PBS, C-SPAN, and ABC Headline News.
Conservatism in Africa.
In the post-Cold War period, a number of avowedly-conservative parties have developed in most African countries. In countries where the population is divided by religion (i.e., Nigeria), conservative parties are often formed and constituted to target specific religions in their areas of greatest political dominance.

</doc>
<doc id="2928442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928442" title="Lewis Wilson">
Lewis Wilson

Lewis G. Wilson (January 28, 1920 - August 9, 2000) was an American actor from New York City who was most famous for being the first actor to play DC Comics character Batman on screen in the 1943 film serial "Batman". 
Career.
He graduated from Worcester Academy in Worcester, Massachusetts in 1939. His family had long roots with the school and his father and even grandfather were graduates.
Following the entry of the United States into the Second World War, in 1943 Columbia Pictures created the first Batman live action series, simply called "Batman". Wilson was cast as the title character in the 15-episode serial against J. Carrol Naish who portrayed a Japanese spy called Dr Daka who headed a group of American traitors in a fight to take over America for Japanese control. It was Wilson's screen debut at the age of 23. A sequel to the serial was made in 1949, but Robert Lowery replaced Wilson as Batman.
After the war concluded, Wilson and his family moved to California and he and his wife joined the Pasadena Playhouse. His final film was the Jerry Hopper movie "Naked Alibi" in 1954. He then retired from show-business and worked for General Foods for many years. In retirement, he lived in North Hollywood, California. Despite his death being reported in Newspapers in 1966 as occurring "some years ago", he died in San Francisco, California, aged 80.
Personal life.
He was married to novelist and actress Dana Broccoli (née Natol), who died in 2004. They met while attending the Academy of Dramatic Arts at Carnegie Hall in New York. They separated and divorced after moving to California, with Dana marrying Albert R. Broccoli in 1959. Their son, film producer Michael G. Wilson, is best known for his work on the James Bond film series.

</doc>
<doc id="2928452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928452" title="Benedict–Webb–Rubin equation">
Benedict–Webb–Rubin equation

The Benedict–Webb–Rubin equation (BWR), named after Manson Benedict, G. B. Webb, and L. C. Rubin, is an equation of state used in fluid dynamics. Working at the research laboratory of M. W. Kellogg Limited, the three researchers rearranged the Beattie-Bridgeman Equation of State and increased the number of experimentally determined constants to eight.
The BWRS equation of state.
A modification of the Benedict–Webb–Rubin equation of state by Professor Kenneth E. Starling of the University of Oklahoma:
Values of the various parameters for 15 substances can be found in Starling's "Fluid Properties for Light Petroleum Systems.".
The Modified BWR equation (mBWR).
A further modification of the Benedict–Webb–Rubin equation of state by Jacobsen and Stewart:
where:
<br>
The mBWR equation subsequently evolved into a 32 term version (Younglove and Ely, 1987) with numerical parameters determined by fitting the equation to empirical data for a reference fluid. Other fluids then are described by using reduced variables for temperature and density.

</doc>
<doc id="2928464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928464" title="Election agent">
Election agent

In elections in the United Kingdom, as well as in certain other similar political systems such as India's, an election agent is the person legally responsible for the conduct of a candidate's political campaign and to whom election material is sent to by those running the election. In elections in the United Kingdom a candidate may be his or her own election agent. The Electoral Commission provides periodic guidance for candidates and agents of which the latest is for the 2010 British general election.
In Canada and most of Canada's provinces, an election agent is legally referred to as an official agent.
Election agents are responsible for sanctioning all expenditure on the candidate's campaign, for maintaining the accuracy of and submitting to the returning officer the candidate's expenses and other documents, as well as deciding whether to contest the result of a count. Agents are also permitted to oversee the polling and counting of votes to ensure the accuracy and impartiality of the election, and may appoint polling and counting agents to assist them in these tasks. The number of polling and counting agents that can be appointed is determined by the returning officer of the election and they must be appointed by a set date laid out in the timetable of the election.
Agents must usually have reached the age of majority and not be acting as a clerk or officer to the returning officer in the given election. Where a candidate does not nominate an agent, they are their own agent.
The larger parties typically pay their election agents, and the role is gradually becoming a professional one as the similar (but not equivalent) role of campaign managers is in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="2928478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928478" title="Cengiz Çandar">
Cengiz Çandar

Cengiz Çandar (born 1948) is a Turkish journalist and a former war correspondent.
Early life.
He finished the secondary school at Talas American College in Talas, Kayseri and the high school at Tarsus American College in Tarsus, Mersin. Çandar graduated from Ankara University in 1970 with a Bachelor's degree in political science and international relations.
Career.
He began his career as journalist in 1976 in the newspaper "Vatan" after living some years in the Middle East and Europe due to his opposition to the regime in Turkey following the military intervention in 1971. An expert for the Middle East (Lebanon and Palestine) and the Balkans (Bosnia and Herzegovina), Çandar worked for the Turkish News Agency and for the leading Turkish newspapers "Cumhuriyet", "Hürriyet", "Referans" and "Güneş" as a war correspondent. Currently, he is a columnist for "Radikal".
Çandar served as special adviser to Turkish president Turgut Özal between 1991 and 1993. His interest was drawn to the events during the ethnic unrest in the Balkans between 1993 and 1995. From 1997, Çandar lectured for two years on "History and Politics in the Middle East" at Bilgi University in İstanbul. Between 1999 and 2000, he did research work on "Turkey of the 21st century" as a Public Policy Scholar at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars and a Senior Fellow at the United States Institute of Peace. His description of the 1998 events in Turkey as a "post-modern coup" gained notice internationally, though Radikal columnist Türker Alkan had used the term two weeks earlier.
In 2007, he condemned the authorities for depriving Aghtamar of its Armenian past by renaming it to "Akdamar".

</doc>
<doc id="2928487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928487" title="Elizabeth Lochley">
Elizabeth Lochley

Elizabeth Lochley is a lead fictional character from the universe of the science fiction television series "Babylon 5" and "Crusade", played by Tracy Scoggins.
Elizabeth Lochley was a regular in the fifth and last season of "Babylon 5", replacing the previous commander of the station, John Sheridan, and filling the role of the character Susan Ivanova. 
Lochley featured prominently in the first volume of "" entitled "Voices in the Dark", released on DVD in July 2007.
Personality.
Elizabeth Lochley is a forceful, no-nonsense military leader. She carries herself with a military bearing and in public appears to be the very model of a competent, decisive, and professional EarthForce officer. Although she is an attractive woman, she only shows the more feminine side of her personality in private, during her off-duty hours. Much of her personal drive and ambition comes from her troubled youth and young adulthood, and in private she is always willing to lend a helping hand or offer advice to those who are experiencing personal difficulties and problems. In addition to being married to Interstellar Alliance President John Sheridan for a brief period early in their military careers, she also has a passionate and sexually charged love affair with fellow EarthForce Captain Matthew Gideon, the commander of the Victory-Class starship "Excalibur". Despite her hard-earned personal and professional success, however, she is occasionally still haunted by memories of her troubled early years. 
Early life.
Captain Lochley had a far from idyllic background. Her father had secretly been a talented painter, but he felt under strong family compulsion to join EarthForce. His dislike of military service, coupled with his deep disappointment at being unable to pursue a career as an artist, led him to become an embittered alcoholic. His severe alcoholism led Elizabeth's mother to abandon her husband and daughter, and her father's inability to manage his life left Elizabeth with that responsibility. Elizabeth eventually sought an escape from this burden and her father's alcoholism by living with her carefree friend Zoe. They both quickly slipped into a life of drink and drugs, and their financial situation deteriorated to the point where they were living in a cheap, cockroach-infested apartment. Tragically, Zoe eventually overdosed on drugs and choked to death on her own vomit; her body was discovered by Elizabeth. Zoe's death/suicide profoundly shocked Elizabeth and she vowed to change her life. She eventually joined EarthForce and never consumed alcoholic beverages or other drugs from the moment she began her military career. In 2262, when she discovered that due to recent personal traumas Michael Garibaldi had suffered a relapse back into alcoholism, she told him of her own previous battles, of how alcohol had given herself, her father and Garibaldi an illusionary escape from their personal troubles, and that he was not alone. She secretly contacted his former lover Lise Hampton-Edgars and convinced her to come to Babylon 5; Lochley hoped that Garibaldi would come to see that confiding in and receiving help from someone he loved was a far better and more practical solution to his woes than an alcohol-induced escapism.
Assignment to Babylon 5.
At the end of "Babylon 5"'s fourth season, Captain Sheridan is relieved of his command. In early 2262, shortly after the Earth Alliance Civil War, he requests Earth to assign Lochley as his replacement. Although she chose not to join Sheridan's rebellion against the corrupt government headed by Morgan Clark, he still trusted her judgment and ability. 
The show later reveals that Sheridan and Lochley had been married briefly after graduating from EarthForce Academy. While the marriage didn't work out, they still have a mutual respect and appreciation. She proved to be a strong and capable leader, finding solutions to many crises and coping with the ones that had no solutions.
During the Brakiri Day of the Dead, in which the dead return for one night, the Brakiri on the station purchase a part of it for the night which includes Lochley's quarters. She is subsequently visited by Zoe, who confirms that she had in fact deliberately committed suicide by overdosing on drugs. Prior to this, nobody knew for sure if Zoe's death was an accidental overdose or a deliberate suicide.
It is interesting to note that while the character was a last-minute substitution for Susan Ivanova, Lochley holds the position of Commander of Babylon 5 longer than her two predecessors, Commander Jeffrey Sinclair (who served for approximately two years) and Captain John Sheridan (who served for three years). The series "Crusade" is set approximately five years after the events of the fifth season of Babylon 5 and show that she is still the Captain, meaning that she serves for at least six years. In addition, she states in "" (set ten years after being assigned to Babylon 5) that she has requested to remain in her position the whole time.
As noted above, Lochley is a semi-regular character in "Crusade", where she has a romantic relationship with Matthew Gideon, the Captain of the Excalibur.
The Lost Tales.
For the next chapter in the Babylon 5 story, Lochley is still in command of the station but now holds the rank of EarthForce Colonel. It is unknown whether she and Gideon are still intimate.
During her communication with President Sheridan, Lochley says of Dr Stephen Franklin "Oh, I thought you'd heard. Doctor Franklin went with G'Kar, exploring beyond the Rim." This was filmed in the last quarter of 2006, with actor Richard Biggs (Franklin) having died in 2004 and actor Andreas Katsulas (G'Kar) having died in January 2006, several months previous to principal photography on The Lost Tales. Actor Tracy Scoggins, who portrays Lochley, admitted on the DVD commentary to having difficulty to delivering the line, at one point nearly breaking down in tears. The line was a subtle eulogy to both actors.

</doc>
<doc id="2928489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928489" title="Philoxenus (general)">
Philoxenus (general)

Philoxenus (in Greek Φιλoξενoς) was a Macedonian officer appointed to superintend the collection of the tribute in the provinces north of the Taurus Mountains after Alexander the Great's return from Egypt (331 BC). It would appear, however, that he did not immediately assume this command, as shortly afterwards we find him sent forward by Alexander from the field of Gaugamela to take possession of Susa and the treasures there deposited, which he effected without opposition. After this he seems to have remained quietly in the discharge of his functions in Asia Minor, until the commencement of the year 323 BC, when he conducted a reinforcement of troops from Caria to Babylon, where he arrived just before the last illness of Alexander. In the distribution of the provinces which followed the death of that monarch we find no mention of Philoxenus, but in 321 BC he was appointed by Perdiccas to succeed Philotas in the government of Cilicia. By what means he afterwards conciliated the favour of Antipater we know not, but in the partition at Triparadisus after the fall of Perdiccas the same year he was still allowed to retain his satrapy of Cilicia. From this time we hear no more of him.

</doc>
<doc id="2928492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928492" title="Matsuyama Castle">
Matsuyama Castle

Matsuyama Castle (松山城; -jō) is the name of several castles in Japan:

</doc>
<doc id="2928498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928498" title="Source Input Format">
Source Input Format

Source Input Format (SIF) defined in MPEG-1, is a video format that was developed to allow the storage and transmission of digital video. 
When compared to the CCIR 601 specifications, which defines the appropriate parameters for digital encoding of TV signals, SIF can be seen as being reduced by half in all of height, width, frame-rate, and chrominance. SIF video is known as a constrained parameters bitstream.
The computer industry has defined square-pixel SIF to be 320 x 240 (QVGA) or 384 x 288 active pixels with a refresh rate of whatever the computer is capable of supporting.

</doc>
<doc id="2928499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928499" title="Near Northeast, Syracuse">
Near Northeast, Syracuse

Near Northeast is a Syracuse, New York neighborhood, located northeast of the city's downtown. It corresponds to Onondaga County Census Tract 15, 16, 23, and 24.
Borders.
Northwestern
Northern
Northeastern
Eastern
Southern
Southwestern
Streets.
The Near Northeast is bisected by James Street. Other major roads in the neighborhood include State Street, Butternut Street, Lodi Street, and Burnet Avenue.
Education.
The Near Northeast is home to Dr. Weeks Elementary School.
Retail.
The section of State Street located in the Near Northeast is the main retail street of Syracuse's Little Italy, with dozens of shops and eateries. As this neighborhood is fairly urban, there is retail scattered throughout it.
Characteristics.
The Near Northeast is an urban working-class neighborhood. As of the 2000 Census, 8,792 people lived in there. 66.5% were White, 19.1% Black, 14.4% other. 50.9% were female, 49.1% male. The median age was 34.4, and the median household income was $21,437. Registered voters are 45% Democrat, 23% Republican, 24% non-enrolled, and 8% percent other.
The Near-Northeast section of Syracuse is also home to the Hawley-Green Historic District, one of the few 19th century residential areas left in the city, located one block south of James Street. Many of the homes in the area are painted in vibrant colors. A group of about 40 people, who call themselves Hawley-Green GLBT (Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual or Transgender) Neighbors, have been marketing the neighborhood as gay- and lesbian-friendly.

</doc>
<doc id="2928501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928501" title="Old Corn Meal">
Old Corn Meal

Old Corn Meal, or Signor Cormeali, was an African-American street vendor in New Orleans, Louisiana who became famous in the late 1830s for singing and dancing while he sold his wares. He is one of the earliest known African Americans to have had a documented influence on the development of blackface minstrelsy specifically and American popular music in general.
Old Corn Meal was known for walking through New Orleans singing and dancing while he led his horse and cart and sold Indian corn meal. "Fresh Corn Meal", which he composed, was his signature song; he also did popular material from blackface acts like "Old Rosin the Beau" and "My Long Tail Blue". He was a natural baritone, but he could "easily into a ringing falsetto". His popularity led to an invitation to perform at the St. Charles Theatre in 1837. There he did a solo act alongside his horse and cart. Old Corn Meal performed there at least once more, in 1840.
White performers who did blackface acts probably borrowed material from Old Corn Meal. George Nichols, a blackface circus clown is one, as is Thomas D. Rice, whose "Corn Meal" skit most likely came from seeing Old Corn Meal's act during one of his visits to New Orleans in 1835, 1836 and 1838.

</doc>
<doc id="2928510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928510" title="Flying Steps">
Flying Steps

The B-Boy crew Flying Steps was formed in 1993 by Kadir Memis ("Amigo") and Vartan Bassil in Berlin. The crew has 9 members. They specialise in B-boying (Breakdance), Popping and Locking and were world champions in these dance styles several times by winning the international Battle of the Year and the Red Bull Beat Battle. Nowadays the crew also include Hip Hop and House dance forms in their performances.
The Flying Steps gained a lot of entertainment, theater and media experience during their career. They founded their own music label and started different successful music projects. The Flying Steps are considered to be one of the most successful urban dance acts worldwide.
Their single Operator was released on 1 June 2007. They worked on two different B-Boy PlayStation games and they opened a dance school, the Flying Steps Academy Berlin, where they teach the next generation of urban dance.
Under the artistic direction of Christoph Hagel, in 2010 they presented the dance performance "Red Bull Flying Bach", with breakdance and contemporary dance to the music "The Well-Tempered Clavier" by Johann Sebastian Bach. This routine was performed at the Bundestag, the 2011 Eurovision Song Contest and the Federal Presidency's Summer Festival, and it was given a special Echo award. 

</doc>
<doc id="2928512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928512" title="F.C. Atletico Montichiari">
F.C. Atletico Montichiari

F.C. Atletico Montichiari is an Italian association football club, based in Montichiari, Lombardy. It currently plays in Serie D.
History.
From Carpenedolo to Atletico Montichiari.
Carpenedolo: from Lega Pro Seconda Divisione to Serie D.
A.C. Carpenedolo was founded in 1957.
In the Serie C2 2007-08 regular season, Carpenedolo finished second in Girone A, and qualified for the promotion playoffs. The team was defeated by fifth-placed Mezzocorona in the semi-finals, 2–1 on aggregate, thus remaining in the 4th level of Italian Football, now called Lega Pro Seconda Divisione for the 2008–09 season. 
At the end of the 2009-10 Lega Pro Seconda Divisione season the club was relegated to Serie D.
It in the season 2010-11, from Serie D group D relegated, in the play-out, to Eccellenza Lombardy, but August 5, 2011 it was later readmitted to Serie D to fill vacancies.
Atletico Montichiari.
At the end of the 2011-12 Serie D season, "A.C. Carpenedolo" moved to the city of Montichiari and changed its name to F.C. Atletico Montichiari in order to continue the soccer history of A.C. Montichiari.
Colors and badge.
The team's colors are red and blue.

</doc>
<doc id="2928522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928522" title="South Branch Rancocas Creek">
South Branch Rancocas Creek

The South Branch Rancocas Creek is a tributary of Rancocas Creek in Burlington County, New Jersey in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="2928523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928523" title="Amala and Kamala">
Amala and Kamala

Amala (; died 21 September 1921) and Kamala (; died 14 November 1929) were two "feral girls" from Bengal, India, who were alleged to have been raised by a wolf family.
Their story attracted substantial mainstream attention and debate. However the account was reported and promoted by only one source, the reverend who claimed to have discovered the girls. Because of this, there is some controversy as to the authenticity of the story with some researchers arguing that the girls were autistic. French surgeon Serge Aroles concluded in his book "L'Enigme des enfants-loup" ("Enigma of the Wolf-Children", 2007) that the reverend's story was a hoax.
Appearance.
In 1926, Joseph Amrito Lal Singh, the rector of the local orphanage, published an account in the "The Statesman" published from Calcutta saying that the two girls were given to him by a man who lived in the jungle near the village of Godamuri, in the district of Midnapore, west of Calcutta, and that the girls, when he first saw them, lived in a sort of cage near the house. Later, he claimed that he himself rescued the girls from the wolves' den on 9 October 1920. He named the children and wrote his observations of them in a "diary" (consisting of loose sheets, some dated and some undated) for almost ten years — which, if accurate, would represent one of the best documented efforts to observe and rehabilitate feral children. The diary entry of 17 October 1920 states, "...the mother wolf, whose nature was so ferocious and affection so sublime. It struck me with wonder. I was simply amazed to think that an animal had such a noble feeling surpassing even that of mankind ... to bestow all the love and affection of a fond and ideal mother on these peculiar beings." Kamala was at the time about eight years old, Amala about 18 months.
Behaviour and treatment.
Singh claims in his diary that, at the orphanage, the two girls showed wolf-like behaviour typical for feral children. They would not allow themselves to be dressed, scratched and bit people who tried to feed them, rejected cooked food and walked on all fours. Both girls had developed thick calluses on their palms and knees from having walked on all fours. The girls were mostly nocturnal, had an aversion to sunshine, and could see very well in the dark. They also exhibited an acute sense of smell and an enhanced ability to hear.
The girls enjoyed the taste of raw meat and would eat out of a bowl on the ground. They seemed to be insensitive to cold and heat and appeared to show no human emotions of any kind, apart from fear. At night they would howl like wolves, calling out to their "family". They did not speak.
Singh claims that he took on the difficult task of trying to teach them ordinary human behaviour. Amala died in 1921 of a kidney infection. Kamala showed signs of mourning at her death. After this, Kamala became more approachable. She was eventually partially house-trained and became used to the company of other human beings. After years of hard work, she was able to walk upright a little, although never proficiently and would often revert to all fours when she needed to go somewhere quickly, and learned to speak a few words. She died in 1929 of kidney failure.
Controversy.
Because of the many different versions, none of them substantiated by any witnesses other than the Reverend Singh himself, there persists considerable controversy as to the veracity of the account. Most scientists considered Amala and Kamala autistic children with congenital defects. The "myth" of having been raised by wolves is an ancient Indian conception to explain the animal-like behaviour of abandoned children with congenital defects.
Recent study.
According to the French surgeon Serge Aroles, the case of Amala and Kamala is the most scandalous swindle concerning feral children. In his book "L'Enigme des enfants-loup" ("Enigma of the Wolf-Children", 2007), Aroles describes his research of the case. He scrutinised archives and formerly unknown sources and concludes:

</doc>
<doc id="2928525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928525" title="Ove Arup">
Ove Arup

Sir Ove Nyquist Arup, CBE, MICE, MIStructE (16 April 1895 – 5 February 1988), known as Ove Arup, was an Anglo-Danish engineer who founded Arup Group Limited, a multinational corporation that offers engineering, design, planning, project management, and consulting services for building systems. Ove Arup is considered to be among the foremost architectural structural engineers of his time.
Early life and education.
Arup was born in Newcastle, England, in 1895, to the Danish veterinary surgeon Jens Simon Johannes Arup and his Norwegian wife Mathilde Bolette Nyquist. Arup attended the Sorø Academy in Denmark—a boarding school with many influences from Dr Thomas Arnold of the Rugby School in the United Kingdom.
In 1913, he began studying philosophy at Copenhagen University and in 1918 enrolled for an engineering degree at the Technical University of Denmark, Copenhagen, specialising in reinforced concrete. He completed his studies in 1922. At this time Ove Arup was influenced by Charles Edouard Jeanneret (Le Corbusier) and his publication "Vers une architecture", published that year; and also by Walter Gropius, the founder of the Bauhaus movement.
Working life.
Before WWII.
In 1922, Ove Arup began work with a Danish firm in Hamburg called Christiani & Nielsen, and in December 1923 he moved to their London office as chief engineer.
Arup married Ruth Sørensen, known as Li, on 13 August 1925.
Between 1932–37 he designed the Labworth Café—a café with two integrated shelters set on the promenade of the neighbouring Essex seaside resort of Canvey Island. The café exists as the only building solely designed by Arup. He then worked as structural consultant to the Tecton partnership, notably on the Penguin Pool at London's Regent's Park Zoo, Whipsnade Zoo, Dudley Zoo and on Highpoint I, Highgate (a building he was later highly critical of). The close working relationship that Arup developed with Tecton's senior partner Berthold Lubetkin, proved to be highly important in the development of both men's careers.
He moved next to a London construction company, J. L. Kier & Co. in London, as director and chief designer from 1934–1938, and during the 1930s he also worked with Ernö Goldfinger, Wells Coates, Maxwell Fry, Yorke, Rosenberg & Mardall and Marcel Breuer.
He became a member of the executive committee of the MARS Group in 1935.
In 1938, with his cousin Arne Arup he founded "Arup & Arup Limited", a firm of engineers and contractors.
World War II.
Before the war Ove Arup was on the Air Raid Precautions organising committee and he advised Finsbury Council on the provision of bomb shelters. During the war he published a number of papers on shelter policy and designs, mainly advocating reinforced concrete mass shelters, rather than the government policy of dispersing the population in small domestic shelters. Largely for political reasons most of his recommendations were never adopted, although some wealthy Londoners were able to build concrete shelters according to his design.
Arup played a significant part in the design of the Mulberry temporary harbours used during the D-Day landings.
The Mulberry Harbour was a type of temporary harbour developed to offload cargo on the beaches during the Allied invasion of Normandy. The sections for two prefabricated or artificial military harbours were taken with the invading army from Britain across the English Channel and assembled off the coast of Normandy as part of the D-Day invasion of France in 1944.
Arup & Partners.
In 1946, after dissolving Arup & Arup Ltd, he created a team of Civil and Structural Engineering consultants. In the same year, he formed his first partnership with Ronald Jenkins, Geoffrey Wood and Andrew Young called "Arup and Partners".
A further company, "Arup Associates", was formed in 1963 as a new partnership, a body of Architects and Engineers working on an equal basis as Building Designers: the engineer Ove Arup, the architects Francis Pym and Philip Dowson, and the former partners of Arup and Partners. It was a multi-disciplinary company providing engineering, architectural, and other services for the built environment. Arup said himself that ultimately, all of the Arup names resulted in a firm called simply Arup.
Notable projects.
Highpoint I.
Highpoint I was an important experiment in high-rise residential design, and was one of Arup's most significant collaborations with Lubetkin. Arup later criticised the project as having significant flaws.
Sydney Opera House.
Arup was the design engineer for the Sydney Opera House in Sydney, Australia from the project's start in 1957 to its completion in 1973. An iconic building making groundbreaking use of precast concrete, structural glue and computer analysis, this made Arup's reputation, and that of his firm, despite the extremely difficult working relationship with the architect, Jørn Utzon.
Kingsgate Bridge.
Ove Arup personally supervised the design and construction of Durham's Kingsgate Bridge in 1963. The firm's first bridge, Arup was particularly attached to the project and had his ashes scattered from it following his death. A bust of Arup that was placed at one end of the Bridge was stolen in the summer of 2006 but has since been replaced.

</doc>
<doc id="2928533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928533" title="Georges Leekens">
Georges Leekens

Georges Leekens (born 18 May 1949) is a Belgian football coach who is currently in charge of the national team of Tunisia.
Coaching career.
Leekens was first selected as national coach after impressive work at R.E. Mouscron. In his first spell as coach of the Belgium national football team he led it to the 1998 FIFA World Cup finals after a two-legged win against the Republic of Ireland in the qualifying play-off. He was sacked from his role as federal coach after a disappointing 3rd place in the World Cup group stage failed to qualify Belgium for the second round.
On 29 May 2009 he signed a three-year deal with K.V. Kortrijk.
On 11 May 2010 Leekens signed a contract until 2012 to take over the Belgium national team for the second time. As a consequence he had to resign from his coaching role at K.V. Kortrijk. 
On 12 April 2011 it was announced that Leekens's contract had been extended to 2014 after some promising results in the Euro 2012 qualifying campaign.
On 13 May 2012 it was announced that Leekens will coach Club Brugge for a second time, but he was fired a few months later after a series of successive defeats.
Personal life.
Georges Leekens is the cousin of Louis Leekens, who was Belgian National Champion of gymnastics in 1966 and is currently leading the top sports school for gymnastics in Genk.

</doc>
<doc id="2928537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928537" title="The Onyx Hotel Tour">
The Onyx Hotel Tour

The Onyx Hotel Tour was the fifth concert tour by American recording artist Britney Spears. It showcased her fourth studio album, "In the Zone" (2003) and visited North America and Europe. A tour to promote the album was announced in December 2003. Its original name was the In the Zone Tour, but Spears was sued for trademark infringement and banned from using the name.
Spears felt inspired to create a show with a hotel theme which she later mixed with the concept of an onyx stone. The stage, inspired by Broadway musicals, was less elaborate than her previous tours. The setlist was composed mostly by songs from "In the Zone" as well as some of her past songs reworked with different elements of jazz, blues and Latin percussion. Tour promoter Clear Channel Entertainment marketed the tour to a more adult audience than her previous shows while sponsor MTV highly promoted the tour on TV shows and the network's website.
The tour was divided into seven segments: "Check-In", "Mystic Lounge", "Mystic Garden", "The Onyx Zone", "Security Cameras", "Club" and the encore. "Check-In" displayed performances with dance and advanced in the hotel theme. "Mystic Lounge" featured an homage to "Cabaret" and other musicals, while remixing some of Spears's early hits. "Mystic Garden" displayed a jungle-inspired stage. "The Onyx Zone" displayed a ballad performance with acrobats. "Security Cameras" was the raciest part of the show, with Spears and her dancers emulating different sexual practices. "Club" displayed a performance with urban influences. The encore consisted of a system malfunction interlude and Spears performed wearing a red ensemble. The tour received mixed reviews from contemporary critics, who praised it for being an entertaining show while criticizing it for looking "more a spectacle than an actual concert".
The Onyx Hotel Tour was commercially successful, grossing $34 million. In March, Spears suffered a knee injury onstage which forced her to reschedule two shows. In June, Spears fell and hurt her knee again during a music video shoot. She underwent arthroscopic surgery and the remainder of the tour was canceled. In 2005, Spears sued her insurance companies for denying her a reimbursement for the cancellation. Showtime broadcast live the March 28, 2004 show at the American Airlines Arena, in a special titled "Britney Spears Live From Miami". Backstage footage was included in the reality show "".
Background.
On December 2, 2003, Spears announced through her official website US concerts to support her fourth studio album, "In the Zone" (2003). The tour would kick off on March 2 in San Diego, California, at iPayOne Center. However, Spears released a statement saying, "I'm especially looking forward to bringing my tour to new markets and performing in front of fans that may not have had the opportunity to see any of my previous tours." On January 12, 2004, four dates were announced in Glasgow, Manchester, London and Birmingham, her first UK dates in four years. After the beginning of the North American leg, Spears announced a summer leg in the United States in June as well as a European leg starting on April 27 in London and ending on June 5 at Rock in Rio Lisboa. It was also rumored to visit Latin America and Asia later in the year. The Onyx Hotel Tour was originally going to be called In the Zone Tour. On February 17, 2004, a San Diego clothing manufacturer of the same name sued Spears for $10 million and banned her from using the trademark. On May 17, 2004, a hotel named Onyx Hotel opened in Boston, Massachusetts. Kimpton Hotels & Restaurant Group had come up with the name two years before the tour was developed. Spears and the Kimpton group decided to promote the hotel by featuring a room named The Britney Spears Foundation Room. It was designed by Spears's mother, Lynne, reflecting Spears's personality and taste. The room opened six weeks later and a portion of the fee was destined to the Britney Spears Foundation.
Development.
The show was majorly inspired by Broadway musicals, primarily focused on "Grand Hotel", which was directed by Tommy Tune and portrayed a day in the life of the Berlin Grand Hotel in 1928. Spears said the hotel theme was inspired by having traveled so much, and was merged with the onyx stone concept. The tour was described as a "unique, mysterious hotel powered by an onyx stone, where guests who enter shine their own light into the gemstone and make their fantasies come to life. It's a vibrant, whimsical place where wondrous dreams are realized, and the darkest of secrets are revealed". Spears also stated about the tour,
"I would love my audience to walk out of the auditorium feeling like they had the most magical experience of their life. The onyx stone is kind of symbolic of what guides me in my life, like there's a bigger picture in everything, and there's something that guides you where you need to go, from point A to point B".
Kevin Tancharoen was chosen as the tour director. He said about the development of the tour, "Coming from a movie lovers' background, I wanted to make it seem like a film. A little Joel Schumacher meets Tim Burton". He further explained that the onyx stone symbolized untapped desire. The stage was less elaborate than her previous tour, Dream Within a Dream Tour, with no runway extended towards the audience, in order to keep the show faithful to the New York theatre theme. There were three video screens above the stage. Also present were several LED columned-shaped video screens in the stage. The setlist was mostly composed from songs from "In the Zone". Other songs included were "Boys," "I'm A Slave 4 U,"and "Overprotected" from "Britney" (2001). Also included were three of her early hits, "...Baby One More Time", (You Drive Me) Crazy and "Oops!... I Did It Again", reworked with elements of jazz and blues. The promotional photos for the tour were by Markus Klinko and Indrani. Tour promoter Clear Channel Entertainment marketed the tour to an entirely different demographic than her previous tours, changing from families and children to a more adult audience. The show was also targeted to the gay market. Promotional campaigns included were Flash animated e-mails targeted to two million people who fitted the audience description. The tour was also advertised in several radio stations and TV shows for those audiences, such as "The O.C." MTV was chosen as the tour sponsor. The sponsorship was extended to advertisements in the tickets and interactive promotions in MTV.com, such as exclusive downloads, streaming video and ticket and merch auctions benefiting the Britney Spears Foundation. Three episodes of "TRL" were dedicated to a behind-the-scenes special. Vice president of music marketing and promotion Joe Armenia talked about the sponsorship,
"There are not that many artists that appeal to every territory with an MTV channel, but Britney Spears is one of the select few. We have been waiting for the opportunity to make a global splash, and the Britney tour is it. For the better part of the rest of the year, we’ll be on the road with Britney. This is more support than we’ve ever given an artist in the U.S., let alone all over the world. We love the association with Britney; she has always been a core part of this channel and our fans love Britney".
Concert synopsis.
The show began with a skit where a flamboyant master of ceremonies welcomed spectators to the Onyx Hotel. After this, he took an onyx and threw into the video screens, causing a virtual chandelier to fall into the floor. Spears briefly appeared in the screens, as her dancers descended to the stage. She entered standing on top of a small bus dressed in a black catsuit, where she performed "Toxic". She descended to the stage for the breakdown and then performed "Overprotected". She took a break to talk to the audience, before going into "Boys", which featured the male dancers pushing her while she was standing in luggage carts. "Showdown" featured rainbow-colored lighting effects and was the last song of the first act. A video interlude followed featuring Spears and her friends outside a club. While she was leaving, she noticed a woman dressed in 1930s fashion. She followed her and the woman asked Spears to enter the "Mystic Lounge". Spears reappeared wearing a corset to perform "...Baby One More Time". She performed "Oops!... I Did It Again" with a vintage microphone and joined by her background singers. Spears and her dancers performed "(You Drive Me) Crazy", which contained elements of latin percussion. After this, she talked to the audience and usually referenced her wedding with childhood friend Jason Alexander. She also introduced her band before leaving the stage.
In the next section, there was a video interlude of Spears wearing a flowered-themed dress and entering the "Mystic Garden". As the video ended, she appeared on-stage sitting at a leaf-covered piano. She talked to the audience before performing "Everytime". Her dancers joined her to perform "The Hook Up" and a jungle inspired mix of "I'm a Slave 4 U". The show continued with another video interlude featuring a spoof of paranormal-themed shows, "The Onyx Zone", with the master of ceremonies doing a Rod Serling impression and introducing "The Shadow Room". Spears reappeared sitting on a swing to perform "Shadow". During the performance, Spears was lifted into the air above a M-shaped blue ribbon, with performers twirling in the fabric. The performance ended with Spears leaving the stage while the dancers performed to a ballet interlude in flesh colored costumes. The next section began with a video projection of two guards watching Spears in her room through security cameras. Spears appeared on a smaller stage wearing a white robe and performed "Touch of My Hand" in a transparent bathtub. During the performance, she took the robe off to reveal a nude body suit with crystals that resembled her "Toxic" music video outfit. She left the stage briefly to a wardrobe change and reappeared on the mini platform where she descended to the main stage on a pole, wearing pink lingerie and performed "Breathe on Me" on a bed with one of her male dancers. She then put on a white trench coat and performed "Outrageous", the last song of the act.
In the next act, Spears and her dancers wore street clothes and performed "(I Got That) Boom Boom". After this, she introduced her band and dancers and left the stage. The encore began with a system malfunction where a female voice counted down as the screens sketched Britney's outline, which then rose to reveal Spears at the top of a staircase. After this, "Me Against the Music" (Rishi Rich's Desi Kulcha Remix) began and Spears appeared on stage wearing a red ensemble. The show ended with Spears and her dancers on the staircase where the screen is lowered and Spears made her exit as shower of confetti was shot towards the audience.
Reception.
Critical response.
The tour received mixed reviews from critics. Gene Stout of the "Seattle Post-Intelligencer" called it a "throbbing, special-effects extravaganza". Aline Mendelsohn of "The Orlando Sentinel" noted influence from Janet Jackson in the show's choreography and suggestive themes, which had attracted many headlines due to the "heightened sensitivity of the post-Janet Jackson era." MTV UK highlighted the comparisons with early Madonna tours such as The Girlie Show World Tour and added that "show is a theatrical extravaganza, complete with camp compere, sexy dancers, glitzy costumes and extravagant set pieces and its all fabulously raunchy". Bill Dean of "The Ledger" reported that the tour was "big sloppy and sex-filled". He also added, "Her presence remains captivating. [...] Perhaps even subsconsciously, the Onyx tour's most significant role may be foretelling a future in Broadway or film musicals". Neil Strauss of "The New York Times" claimed "her show was more a theater-and-dance spectacle than an actual concert, with the staging equal parts and the redeveloped Times Square. [...] At times the show seemed more like a Las Vegas tribute to Ms. Spears than a concert by Ms. Spears herself".
Chris Willman of "Entertainment Weekly" believed that "In Britney, Paul Verhoeven's fantastic notion of the showgirl as superstar has become incarnate. But every showgirl needs a show. The Onyx Hotel tour hardly counts as one, with its arbitrary mishmash of Madonna-esque sex-bomb skits and Cirque du Soleil surrealism". "The Seattle Times"'s Pamela Sitt said it "was high on spectacle and low on substance, veering crazily from burlesque to fairy tale to peep show". Doug Elfman of the "Las Vegas Review-Journal" stated that the tour "is an unfocused bore of false sexuality, horrible songs, trite choreography, unfocused themes and less ambition than a house cat that sits around licking itself all day". Darryl Morden of msnbc.com commented, "at times it was entertaining but overall came off as a variation on the same show she’s been doing for several years".
Commercial performance.
Tickets sold slower than her previous tours. This was attributed to the change in audience, since her new demographic tended to be "typically a last second ticket purchaser". A month before the tour began, seven dates were already sold out, including the Fresno and Toronto shows. Tour merchandise grossed $4 million on the North American leg alone, with an average of between $150,000 and $170,000 per night. This made Spears the highest grossing merchandise female artist since she began touring in 1999, with a total gross of more than $30 million. On July 16, 2004, the tour was listed as the eight highest grossing tour of the first semester of 2004, grossing $19 million. The tour ended up grossing $34 million.
Moline injury.
On March 18, 2004, during the Moline, Illinois show at The MARK of the Quad Cities, Spears fell during the performance of "(I Got That) Boom Boom" and injured her knee. She left the stage and returned shortly after wearing a white robe, apologizing to the audience for not being able to deliver the encore performance. A physician examined Spears and indicated that it was not related to a previous knee injury in 1999 during a dance rehearsal. The Chicago, Illinois show at Allstate Arena, scheduled for March 19, was cancelled. Spears's label Jive Records asked fans to hold on to their tickets until further notice. "The Flint Journal" reported that the Detroit, Michigan show at The Palace of Auburn Hills was also cancelled. Both shows were rescheduled to the end of the leg in April.
Cancellation and lawsuit.
On June 8, 2004, Spears was shooting the music video for "Outrageous" in Manhattan, when she fell and injured her left knee. She was taken immediately to a local hospital, where doctors performed an MRI scan and found floating cartilage. The following day, Spears underwent arthroscopic surgery. She was forced to remain six weeks with a thigh brace, followed by eight to twelve weeks of rehabilitation, which caused any future concerts to be canceled. Jive Records issued a statement saying Spears planned to revisit the cities in the future. On February 4, 2005, Spears filed suit in New York State Supreme Court against eight insurance companies that denied her a reimbursement of $9.8 million. The insurers refused because they claimed Spears did not fully inform them of the 1999 knee injury in the insurance form. Attorney Jonathan Stoler who defended Spears on the case said,
"These are the same insurers who had provided her with policies on tours and they had cleared her and were aware of the previous injury. The alleged omission related to a question whereby Ms. Spears was asked if in the past five years she had had any surgery. Ms. Spears, in all prior circumstances, had indicated she had, but at the time she was going through this application she did answer 'no.' It had not been a full five years, but four years and eleven months since the surgery [in 1999 and even if she had answered in the affirmative, our contention is that it makes no difference".
Broadcast and recordings.
On March 28, 2004, it was announced that Showtime would broadcast live the Miami show at the American Airlines Arena, in a special titled Britney Spears Live from Miami. It was directed by Hamish Hamilton. A concert promotional video and pictures were shot, in which Spears donned 1920's and 1930s hairstyles. She also wore a long black Roberto Cavalli dress, which was auctioned on eBay; proceeds went to the Britney Spears Foundation. On April 13, 2004, it was reported by MTV that Spears was planning a reality show titled "OnTourage" to document the backstage of the European leg, in a similar way to Madonna's "Truth or Dare". However the show was scrapped with the tour's cancellation, and the recorded footage was used for the reality show "".
The concert for Rock In Rio Festival in Lisbon, Portugal were broadcast live on June 5, 2004.
Set list.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="2928543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928543" title="Todd White">
Todd White

Todd White (born May 21, 1975) is a former Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played 13 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Chicago Blackhawks, Philadelphia Flyers, Ottawa Senators, Minnesota Wild, Atlanta Thrashers and New York Rangers.
Playing career.
He played junior hockey for the Kanata Valley Lazers of the CJHL before heading to Clarkson University on a scholarship. As a senior, he was a finalist for the Hobey Baker Award.
Todd White signed as a free agent with the Chicago Blackhawks on August 6, 1997. That year, he made his NHL debut and scored his first goal. The following year, he played 35 games at the NHL level and scored 13 points. In 1999–2000, Todd played one NHL game with the Blackhawks before being traded on January 26 to the Philadelphia Flyers for a conditional draft pick. He then played three NHL games (one goal) with the Flyers.
On July 12, 2000, White signed as a free agent with the Ottawa Senators. In 16 NHL games that year, he scored four goals. In the post-season, he played his first two playoff games against the Toronto Maple Leafs.
In 2001–02, White joined the NHL ranks full time. He played in 81 games and scored 20 goals and 50 points. The Senators, however, fell 15 points in the standings and finished third in the Northeast Division. In the playoffs, White scored four points in 12 games as the team reached the second round before losing to the Maple Leafs.
In 2002–03, White finished third on the team with 25 goals and 60 points. He also finished second with 35 assists and a 17.4 shooting percentage. He won the Senators' Player of the Month honour for December. In the playoffs, White scored six points in 18 games. On May 19 in game five of the Eastern Conference final, with the Senators down 3–1 in the series, White scored a goal and earned third-star honours in the team's 3–1 victory on home ice.
In 2003–04, White scored 29 points in 53 games as the Senators finished sixth overall in the league standings. In the playoffs, the Senators lost in the opening round against the Maple Leafs. After that season he was traded to the Minnesota Wild for a fourth round draft pick, where he played until 2007 before being signed to a four-year contract with the Atlanta Thrashers.
In the 2008-09 season, Todd White enjoyed his best statistical season to date playing alongside youngster Bryan Little and prolific goal scorer Ilya Kovalchuk, recording 22 goals along with 51 assists. The trio was known in various hockey circles as the "Little White Russian" line.
On August 2, 2010 Todd White was traded to the New York Rangers for Donald Brashear and Patrick Rissmiller.

</doc>
<doc id="2928545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928545" title="Francis P. Murphy">
Francis P. Murphy

Francis Parnell Murphy (August 16, 1877 – December 19, 1958) was a manufacturer and politician from Nashua, New Hampshire. He served in the New Hampshire House of Representatives and on the Governor's Council before being twice elected as a Republican Governor.
Murphy supported Roosevelt's New Deal policies and switched to the Democratic Party in an attempt to unseat U.S. Senator Styles Bridges in the 1942. He retired from politics to enter the radio broadcasting business and later started the WMUR 
radio and Television station in Manchester.
A large flood control project in northern New Hampshire at the headwaters of the Connecticut River is named for him, with Murphy Dam impounding Lake Francis. He was also responsible for one of the first ski area aerial tramways in the United States when the Cannon Mountain tramway was built in Franconia Notch, New Hampshire.
Murphy was the fourth of eight children born to Irish immigrant Roman Catholic parents. His father was a tannery worker and a Civil War veteran. 
Murphy graduated from high school in the factory town of Hudson, Massachusetts and secured an entry-level job nailing packing cases for shoes together at a local shoe factory. Murphy worked his way up from this entry position, holding successively more responsible jobs at factories in Newport, Manchester, and Nashua. 
During World War I Murphy was chairman of New Hampshire's Committee on Electric Power Supply, and he was a longtime member of the New Hampshire National Guard. In 1922 Murphy and two partners organized the J.F. McElwain Company, a manufacturer of shoes, and in 1925 Murphy served on Governor Winant's military staff with the rank of major. He was elected to the state legislature (1931), and to Governor Winant's Executive Council (1933). 
By 1936 Murphy's shoe manufacturing plant had grown to twelve shoe manufacturing plants, and J.F. McElwain Company was the largest employer of labor in New Hampshire. Murphy won the Republican nomination for governor in 1936. Then he won the election in the face of an overwhelming electoral landslide for Franklin D. Roosevelt, the Democrat entering his second of four election victories as president. Even Republican New Hampshire voted (narrowly) for Roosevelt, so much ticket splitting was necessary for Murphy to win. He was reelected to a second term in 1938. 
Governor Murphy supported much New Deal legislation, particularly legislation which supported labor rights. He also had the traditional New Hampshire concern for sound budgeting. In order to ease homeowners' tax burdens, he eliminated the state tax on real estate in favor of a new tax on tobacco products. The State House annex was built to bring all state agencies under one roof and improve efficiency. The state got into tourism with the new Cannon Mountain Tramway, and with new State-owned bathing facilities at Hampton Beach. The State Police were established at this time and a statewide system of probation was set up to make law enforcement more efficient. 
When Murphy retired as governor (1941) he made one last effort at political life, campaigning against Styles Bridges for the U.S. Senate seat in 1942. When Murphy lost that election (by 15,000 votes), he returned to his business interests. He established Radio Voice of New Hampshire, Inc., which became radio station WMUR; when television came he set up WMUR-TV.

</doc>
<doc id="2928546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928546" title="Angel of Mine">
Angel of Mine

"Angel of Mine" is an R&B ballad written by Rhett Lawrence and Travon Potts (produced by Lawrence) for British R&B girl group Eternal's "Greatest Hits" album in 1997. The song became the group's fourteenth top ten hit on the UK singles chart peaking at #4 and spent a total of 13 weeks in the chart, helping their "Greatest Hits" album go three times platinum. "Angel of Mine" was the group's final single as a three-piece as after the release of "Angel of Mine", Kéllé Bryan left the group.
Formats and track listings.
These are the formats and track listings of major single-releases of "Angel of Mine".
CD: 1
CD: 2
Chart performance.
The song was a number four hit in the UK, selling over 200,000 copies, becoming one of the group's highest selling singles. "Angel of Mine" was also successful in many European countries and other parts of the world, charting in around ten countries.
Monica version.
In 1998, the song came to greater fame when American singer Monica covered the song and released it as the third single from her second studio album "The Boy Is Mine" (1998). The song followed the success of her previous singles "The Boy Is Mine" and "The First Night" by becoming the third chart topper released from the album to reach the top of the US "Billboard" Hot 100. 
The single was positively received by Chuck Taylor of "Billboard", who called the song "unbelievable" and "absolutely stunning." He also noted its commercial potential, claiming "this song has No. 1 stamped across its heart." The accompanying music video was directed by Diane Martel and features Tyrese as Monica's love interest. 
Chart performance.
"Angel of Mine" became one of Monica's biggest worldwide successes in the 1990s. It reached number one on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and number two on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks charts, becoming the seventh domestic top 10 hit of her career and her third number one on the Hot 100 chart. "Angel of Mine" was eventually ranked three on "Billboard"s Hot 100 1999 year-end charts, and reached number 62 on its decade-end chart. In addition, the song reacher number two in Canada, the top 20 in Australia, and the top 40 in New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="2928550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928550" title="Blessed (TV series)">
Blessed (TV series)

Blessed is a BBC television sitcom written by Ben Elton and starring Ardal O'Hanlon as Gary, a record producer, who is struggling to bring up two small children. The series was broadcast on BBC One on Friday evenings at 9.00pm between October and December 2005 with the first series. It featured the lullaby "Morningtown Ride" as its theme, sung by the cast band. 
Episode guide.
The episodes were named after song titles and the groups who sang them:

</doc>
<doc id="2928554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928554" title="Angel of Mine (album)">
Angel of Mine (album)

Angel of Mine is a compilation album released in 2001 by German composer and singer Frank Duval.

</doc>
<doc id="2928561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928561" title="Chestnut (horse anatomy)">
Chestnut (horse anatomy)

The chestnut, also known as a night eye, is a callousity on the body of a horse or other equine, found on the inner side of the leg above the knee on the foreleg and, if present, below the hock on the hind leg. It is believed to be a vestigial toe, and along with the ergot form the three toes of some other extinct Equidae.
Chestnuts vary in size and shape and are sometimes compared to the fingerprints in humans. For purposes of identification some breed registries require photographs of them among other individual characteristics. However, because chestnuts grow over time and horse grooms often peel or trim off the outer layers for neatness, their appearance is subject to change.
Distribution among equines.
The evolution of the horse involved a reduction in the number of toes to one, along with other changes to the ancestral equid foot. The chestnut is thought to correspond to the "wrist pad" of dogs and cats, or to be a vestigial scent gland similar to those found in some deer and other animals.
The domestic horse is almost alone among extant equines in having chestnuts on the hind legs. Chestnuts are absent from the hind legs of asses and zebras. The majority of domestic horses have chestnuts on all four legs, as does the Przewalski's horse, but a few horse breeds are reported to lack chestnuts on the hind legs. These include:
Grooming.
Chestnuts grow over time, protruding from the surface of the leg. Grooming for horse showing may include peeling or trimming the outer layers to give a neater appearance to the leg; they may peel more easily if softened first with baby oil or moisturizer. If left alone, eventually the chestnut peels naturally.

</doc>
<doc id="2928573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928573" title="Glasgow Baillieston (UK Parliament constituency)">
Glasgow Baillieston (UK Parliament constituency)

Glasgow Baillieston was a burgh constituency of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It elected one Member of Parliament (MP) using the first-past-the-post voting system.
Created for the 1997 general election, it took 54% of its voters from the previous Glasgow Shettleston constituency and 46% from the Glasgow Provan constituency. It included the areas of Easterhouse, Crosshill, Carmyle, Muirhead, Barlanark, Queenslie, Greenfield, and Garthamlock.
In 1997, the addition of much of the Shettleston constituency increased the notional majority of the previous Provan MP, Jimmy Wray, to 14,165 (40.7%) over the SNP.
The seat was succeeded by Glasgow East in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="2928576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928576" title="Fault friction">
Fault friction

Fault friction describes the relation of friction to fault mechanics. Rock failure and associated earthquakes are very much a fractal operation (see Characteristic earthquake). The process remains scale-invariant down to the smallest crystal. Thus, the behaviour of massive earthquakes is dependent on the properties of single molecular irregularities or asperities.
If we take two clean nano-asperities and bring them together in a vacuum, we will get a cold weld. That is, the crystal tips will fuse as if one (cohesion). In nature these tips are actually covered with a thin film of foreign material. By far, the most important component of this film, is water.
If this water is removed, by extreme drying, the rock minerals do not behave at all as expected: they exhibit no "fault healing" or dynamic friction. The entire behaviour of earthquakes (as we know it) depends on very thin films.
After a major earthquake, there starts a process known as "fault healing". This is a well-demonstrated phenomenon involving a slow increase in the static coefficient of friction. With our nano-model, it is a matter of slowly pushing away the junk for a good cohesive bond. With typical minerals and water, there is another mechanism, whereby the water causes stress corrosion and weakening of the main asperity body (smoothing the irregularities), allowing more plastic deformation, and more contact.
The most important aspect is that this bond-strengthening is time-dependent. For a fault being stressed to the point of an earthquake, these bonds begin to stretch and break. They don’t have time to heal again. Once the critical distance has been achieved, there is a significant strength loss, and the fault begins to slide.
Earthquakes only exist because there is a very large loss in frictional strength. It could be that the earthquake "skids" are greased by silica gel, the water acts as a standard bearing lubricant, or that there is a "lift and separate" mechanism at work.
The Effect of Fluids.
 All rocks have a certain degree of porosity, with some rock types having a much higher porosity than others. This means that between the individual grains of the rock, there are small pores which can be filled with a gas (usually air) or a fluid. The commonest pore fluid is water, and the presence of water can vary the friction on a fault to a large degree. As water accumulates in the pore space of a body of rock around a fault, the pressure inside the pores builds. On the interface of a presently stable fault, an increase in pore pressure has the effect of essentially pushing the fault apart at a microscopic level. This pore pressure increase can then decrease the surface area of the individual asperities in contact on the fault, causing them to then fracture and the fault to slip. However, the presence of water may not always cause a reduction in friction, as we will see in the next section.
Influence of Rock Type.
 The rock type along a fault can have a large effect on the amount of frictional resistance present. Most crystalline rock types will have a much higher coefficient of friction as opposed to sedimentary rocks, due to their higher cohesion and a greater surface area of asperities. The rock type also controls the effect that water will have on fault friction. Laboratory experiments have proved that the presence of water will promote the rupture of a fault in carbonate rocks (marble). However, these experiments also showed that in silica-bearing rock types (microgabbro), the presence of water may delay or even inhibit the rupture of a fault. This is because when a silica-bearing fault ruptures, the rupture occurs through the “flash melting” (instantaneous melting) of the asperities. In other words, the microscopic grain contacts which hold the fault in place instantly melt due to high stresses. The presence of water delays this “flash melting” basically by cooling the contacts, and keeping them in solid form. In fault through a carbonate, the rupture occurs when these asperities experience a brittle failure. In this case, the water acts as a lubricant which promotes the failure of these asperities. The major controlling factor pertaining to the influence of rock type is not necessarily the composition of the rock, but more importantly the “roughness” of the rock at the fault interface.
Fault Lubrication (during faulting).
 Once a fault begins to slip, the initial frictional heat produced by the fault is extremely intense. This is because two rock faces are sliding against each other at a high rate of speed and with a lot of force. Fault lubrication then is the phenomena whereby the friction on the fault surface decreases as it slips, making it easier for the fault to slip as it does so. One method by which this occurs is through frictional melting. As a fault slips, this immense amount of heat causes a thin layer of rock along the fault to become molten. This molten rock (frictional melt), can then expand and work its way into the pores and imperfections on the fault surface. This has the effect of smoothing the fault surface. You can think of this like the difference between trying to rub two pieces of sand paper past each other, then doing the same with two pieces of printer paper. A similar process can occur if there is water present in the rock. As the fault begins to slip, this rapid increase in temperature close to the fault causes the water in the pore space to vaporize. As the water vapor expands, it causes the pores along the fault surface to dilate and thereby creates a smoother surface at the fault interface. This process can actually create a “near frictionless” surface along the fault.
Pseudotachylytes.
 Fault ruptures generate massive amounts of heat, which usually result in frictional melting. As a fault slips, this layer of molten rock is smeared and spread across the fault surface, and is forced into any other cracks or interstices that may exist in the surrounding rock. After this molten rock cools, the structure it leaves behind is known as a pseudotachylite. These pseudotachylites can form at pressures at or above roughly 0.7 GPa, which equates to deep crustal faulting. Their presence though, can help to identify the location of ancient faults that have since healed.

</doc>
<doc id="2928578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928578" title="Black Seeds of Vengeance">
Black Seeds of Vengeance

Black Seeds of Vengeance is the second album by American technical death metal band Nile. The album was released on September 5, 2000 through Relapse Records. "Black Seeds of Vengeance" marks the first album in Nile's discography to feature extensive liner notes in the booklet, written by Karl Sanders to explain the concept and themes behind each song. The band also began undertaking an even more complex musical direction from the last album. This is also the first Nile album to feature the vocal and guitar talents of Dallas Toler-Wade, who has performed on all subsequent Nile albums, as well as the first and only appearance of Derek Roddy on a Nile album.
Track listing.
All songs written by Karl Sanders, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="2928581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928581" title="Southwest Branch Rancocas Creek">
Southwest Branch Rancocas Creek

The Southwest Branch Rancocas Creek is a tributary of the South Branch Rancocas Creek in Burlington County, New Jersey in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="2928589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928589" title="Marquette County Airport">
Marquette County Airport

Marquette County Airport is a former airport in Negaunee, Michigan. After the closure of the nearby K.I. Sawyer Air Force Base, the airport was closed and facilities were transferred to Sawyer International Airport.
In 2006, the Keweenaw Bay Indian Community proposed moving its Ojibwa II casino from Chocolay Township to the airport site, where it would build a facility. The proposal was rejected by Governor Rick Snyder, unless a broader agreement could be reached.

</doc>
<doc id="2928590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928590" title="Community youth workers">
Community youth workers

Community youth workers are young people and adults who are engaged in education, empowerment, activism, or other activities focused on adolescents in community-based settings, including churches, schools, or community centers. As a distinct field, community youth work, (often just called youth work), has been established in the United States since the early 20th century. Youth organizations including the YMCA, Boy Scouts, and 4-H set the early standard for youth work. Many believe they were simply following the lead of organizations in the United Kingdom. Since that time a plethora of groups have become active, leading advocacy, research, and education about community youth work around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="2928596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928596" title="California State Route 45">
California State Route 45

State Route 45 (SR 45) is a state highway in the U.S. State of California that travels in a north–south direction from Route 113 in Knights Landing to Route 32 in Hamilton City. 
Route description.
This route is part of the California Freeway and Expressway System.
The route begins at SR 113 in Knights Landing in Yolo County. It then heads northward and enters Colusa County, where it has a short overlap with SR 20. It then enters Glenn County, where it overlaps SR 162 through the cities of Codora and Glenn. It the continues northward to its end at SR 32 in Hamilton City.

</doc>
<doc id="2928598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928598" title="A.S. Casale Calcio">
A.S. Casale Calcio

Associazione Sportiva Casale Calcio is an Italian football club, based in Casale Monferrato, Piedmont.
The club currently plays in Promozione Piedmont and Aosta Valley/B.
The team's nickname "nerostellati" (the “the starred-blacks”) refers to the team’s colours of black with a white star on the heart.
History.
When the club was founded in 1909 Casale was at the geographical centre of the new footballing movement in Italy. 
Genoa, Pro Vercelli, Internazionale Torino and Alessandria 
were all leading clubs in the Italian football league system and Casale soon joined their number.
In May 1913 Casale became the first Italian club to defeat an English professional team when they beat Reading F.C. 2–1. Reading won all the other games on this tour, defeating Genoa, Milan, Pro Vercelli and even the Italian national team.
In the following season Casale won their first and only national title. Italian football was then organized on a regional basis and the national championship was divided into three stages. Casale topped the Ligurian-Piedmontese division and proceeded, along with second-placed Genoa, to compete in a division comprising the top northern teams. (The others being Inter Milan, Juventus, Vicenza and Verona.) Having won that division, Casale defeated central-southern champions Lazio 7–1, 0–2 in the two-leg final.
After World War I Casale remained in the top division for a couple of decades, representing what had been the cradle of early Italian football.
With the development of professionalism, Casale was progressively relegated to lower divisions, 1934 being their last year in Serie A.
Notable players.
Five players who appeared in the scudetto-winning team of 1913–14 played in the Italian national team, all making their international debuts between 1912 and 1914:
Casale’s biggest star, however, was the full back Umberto Caligaris whose career with the club ran from 1919 to 1928. During this period he made 37 appearances for the Azzurri. He represented Italy in the 1924 Olympics and won a bronze medal at the 1928 Summer Olympics before leaving Casale for Juventus. His total of 59 caps stood as a record for many years.
Eraldo Monzeglio, later to represent Italy on numerous occasions, including the 1934 and 1938 World Cups, made his Serie A debut with Casale in 1924–25. The following season, however he moved to Bologna F.C. 1909.
Honours.
Serie A
Serie B
Serie C
Coppa Italia Dilettanti

</doc>
<doc id="2928600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928600" title="Perino del Vaga">
Perino del Vaga

Perino (or Perin) del Vaga (nickname of Piero Buonaccorsi) (1501 – October 19, 1547) was an Italian painter of the Late Renaissance/Mannerism.
Biography.
He was born near Florence. His father ruined himself by gambling, and became a soldier in the invading army of Charles VIII. His mother died when he was but two months old; but shortly afterwards he was taken up by his father's second wife. Perino was first apprenticed to a druggist, but soon passed into the hands of a mediocre painter, Andrea de' Ceri, and when eleven years of age, of Ridolfo Ghirlandaio.
Perino was one of Ghirlandaio's most talented pupils. Another mediocre painter, Vaga from Toscanella, undertook to settle the boy in Rome. Perino, when he at last reached Rome, was utterly poor, and with no clear prospect beyond journey-work for trading decorators. He was eventually entrusted with some of the subordinate work undertaken by Raphael in the Vatican. He assisted Giovanni da Udine in the stucco and arabesque decorations of the Loggie Vaticane, and executed some of those small but finely composed scriptural subjects which go by the name of Raphael's Bible, Raphael himself furnishing the designs.
Perino's examples are: "Abraham and Isaac", "Jacob wrestling with the Angel", "Joseph and his Brothers", the "Hebrews crossing the Jordan", "Fall and Capture of Jericho", "Joshua commanding Sun to stand still", "Birth of Christ", "Baptism and the Last Supper". Some of these are in bronze-tint, while others are in full color. He also painted, after Raphael's drawings, figures of the planets in the great hall of the Appartamenti Borgia. Perino was soon regarded as his major assistant, second only to Giulio Romano.
To Raphael himself he was always exceedingly attentive. His solo works in the city include the hall of Palazzo Baldassini (1520–1522), a noble building in the center of the city, and the "Pietà" in the church of Santo Stefano del Cacco.
After Raphael's death in 1520 and the plague of 1523, a troubled period ensued for Perino. He returned to Florence, and befriended Rosso Fiorentino and executed an admirable design of "10,000 Martyrs" (now lost).
Work in Genoa.
In 1527 Andrea Doria invited Perino to Genoa to decorate the Palace of Fassolo, where he also executed numerous altarpieces and designs for tapestries. Perino accepted an invitation to Genoa, to help design decorate the newly rebuilt Palazzo del Principe for Andrea Doria. Fresco decoration began in 1529, starting with a now destroyed Quos Egos from the Aeneid. rapidly founded a quasi-Roman school of art in the Ligurian city. He ornamented the palace in a style similar to that of Giulio Romano in the Mantuan Palazzo Te, and frescoed historical and mythological subjects in the apartments, fanciful and graceful arabesque work with sculptural and architectural details. Among the principal works are: the "War between the Gods and Giants", "Horatius Cocles defending the Bridge", and the "Fortitude of Mutius Scaevola". The most important work of all, the "Shipwreck of Acneas", is no longer extant. From Genoa Perino twice visited Pisa, and began some painting in the cathedral.
A year later he returned to Rome and frescoed the Pucci Chapel in the Trinità dei Monti. Pope Paul III granted him a regular salary. He retouched many works of Raphael. He painted the decoration for the Paoline Chapel and other halls of Castel Sant'Angelo, some frescoes in the church of San Marcello, a monochrome in the Stanza della Segnatura in the Vatican and a cartoon of the Sistine Chapel.
Perino was engaged in the general decoration of the Sala Reale, begun by Paul III when he died on October 19, 1547, in Rome. He is buried in the Pantheon. His work in the Castel Sant'Angelo was continued by his student Pellegrino Tibaldi.
Assessment and legacy.
Del Vaga's style was renowned for his vitality and elegance. His paintings are considered important in the mediation between the Roman Raphaelesque tradition and the first Florentine Mannerism. He combined the manners of Raphael and Andrea del Sarto. Many of his works were engraved, even in his own lifetime. Daniele da Volterra, Girolamo Siciolante da Sermoneta, Luzio Romano and Marcello Venusti (also known as "il Mantovano") were among his principal assistants.

</doc>
<doc id="2928611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928611" title="Rosa Luz Alegría">
Rosa Luz Alegría

Rosa Luz Alegría Escamilla (born 1949) is a Mexican physicist who was the first woman to serve in the Mexican Executive Cabinet.
Alegría studied physics in the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM). During her time at the University she got involved with UNAM's "Consejo General de Huelga" ("General Strike Council", CGH. 
During Luis Echeverría's presidency she started to work in the public service. President José López Portillo appointed her under-secretary of planning and budget ("Subsecretaria de Programación y Presupuesto") and later, on August 13, 1980, she was appointed Secretary of Tourism, becoming the first female Secretary of State in Mexico.
Alegria's appointment as Secretary of State occurred in an administration famous for nepotism.

</doc>
<doc id="2928620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928620" title="Winter Days">
Winter Days

The creation of the film followed the traditional collaborative nature of the source material – the visuals for each of the 36 stanzas were independently created by 35 different animators. As well as many Japanese animators, Kawamoto assembled leading names of animation from across the world. Each animator was asked to contribute at least 30 seconds to illustrate their stanza, and most of the sequences are under a minute (Yuriy Norshteyn's, though, is nearly two minutes long).
The released film consists of the 40-minute animation, followed by an hour-long 'Making of' documentary, including interviews with the animators. "Winter Days" won the Grand Prize of the Japan Media Arts Festival in 2003.
Bashō's hokku, or opening verse, of the 36-verse poem:
Animated segments.
Norshteyn animated the opening stanza ("hokku") as the special guest ("kyaku"). Chikusai is running around listening to trees, and meets Bashō. He's awed, but is amused to see that Bashō is picking bugs out of a cloak that is as torn as his own. He gives Bashō his own hat in exchange for Bashō's (which has a gaping hole at the top) and goes away. Suddenly, the wind picks up and blows the torn hat away. Chikusai chases after it and manages to catch it, but then with a shrug lets it go and allows it to fly off wherever the wind will take it. Meanwhile, Bashō is moving slowly and laboriously against the wind, with a hand on his new hat to keep it from flying away.
Speaking at the November 30, 2007 Russian theatrical premiere of "Winter Days", Norshteyn said that he had made a longer, 3-minute version of this segment, but had not yet added sound to it.
Kawamoto animated the second ("waki") and final ("ageku") stanzas as the organiser ("shōshō").
DVD releases.
The film is currently available in four DVD versions, none of which has English dubbing or subtitles.

</doc>
<doc id="2928628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928628" title="Uno Laht">
Uno Laht

Uno Laht, (April 30, 1924 in Valga, Estonia – September 24, 2008 in Tallinn) was an Estonian writer and poet who wrote about the characteristics of everyday Soviet life in poetry. Laht was a KGB officer who participated in arrests and deportations in 1940s. 
Laht also used the palindromic pseudonym Onu Thal.
Laht's humorous satires were popular, notably in the collections "Piimahambad" in 1954 ("Milk Teeth") and its second version "Piimahambad (plombeeritud)" in 1956 ("Milk Teeth, Filled"). The subject matter includes "shock troops" (work battalions sent to pioneer new agricultural and industrial collective projects), cultural restriction, time wasting bureaucracy and other phenomena of Soviet life. Laht has published several books, mostly satirical poetry and humor. In 1975, Laht was awarded the Tuglas Prize for his short story "We Good Fellows All Over the Earth". He has declared his political views changed at the restoration of the Estonian independence. He left the USSR Union of Writers and rejected the status of a Soviet war veteran.
Laht died on September 24, 2008 after a lengthy illness.

</doc>
<doc id="2928648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928648" title="Howard Stableford">
Howard Stableford

Howard Stableford (born 12 April 1959) is a television and radio presenter.
Stableford grew up in Preston, Lancashire, the son of a business skills lecturer and a shipping agent. He attended Hutton Grammar School. He read for a Geography degree at Durham University where he also played rugby and acted in student theatre.
BBC Radio Lancashire gave Howard his first break into broadcasting, followed by BBC Radio Northampton and BBC Children's TV. There, he hosted "Beat the Teacher" and presented "Newsround" amongst many other programmes before joining the BBC's flagship science and technology programme "Tomorrow's World" in 1985. More recently Stableford has worked for BBC Radio 4, the Open University, Granada Television and NBC.
Stableford was also President of the UK's Institute of Patentees and Inventors. Stableford now lives in Colorado Springs, Colorado, USA. He is divorced with two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="2928652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928652" title="Samuel Aba, King of Hungary">
Samuel Aba, King of Hungary

Samuel Aba (; before 990 or 1009 – 5 July 1044) was the third King of Hungary between 1041 and 1044. He was born to a prominent family with extensive domains in the region of the Mátra Hills. Based on reports in the "Gesta Hungarorum" and other Hungarian chronicles about the non-Hungarian origin of the Aba family, modern historians write that the Abas headed the Kabar tribes that seceded from the Khazar Khaganate and joined the Hungarians in the 9th century.
Around 1009, Samuel or his father married a sister of Stephen I, the first King of Hungary. Thereafter the originally pagan or Jewish Aba family converted to Christianity. King Stephen appointed Samuel to head the royal court as his palatine. However, the king died in 1038, and the new monarch, Peter the Venetian, removed Samuel from his post.
The Hungarian lords dethroned Peter in 1041 and elected Samuel king. According to the unanimous narration of the Hungarian chronicles, Samuel preferred commoners to noblemen, causing discontent among his former partisans. His execution of many opponents brought him into conflict with Bishop Gerard of Csanád. In 1044, Peter the Venetian returned with the assistance of the German monarch, Henry III, who defeated Samuel's larger army at the battle of Ménfő near Győr. Samuel fled from the battlefield but was captured and killed.
Origins and early life.
According to the anonymous author of the "Gesta Hungarorum", Samuel's family descended from two "Cuman" chieftains, Ed and Edemen, who received "a great land in the forest of Mátra" from Árpád, Grand Prince of the Hungarians around 900. In contrast, the "Illuminated Chronicle" and other 14th-century Hungarian chronicles describe Ed and Edemen as the sons of Csaba himself a son of Attila the Hun by a lady from Khwarezm. Since all Hungarian chronicles emphasize the Orientaleither "Cuman" or "Khwarezmian" origin of Ed and Edemen, Gyula Kristó, László Szegfű and other historians propose that the Aba clan descending from them ruled the Kabars, a people of Khazar origin who joined the Hungarians in the middle of the 9th century, before the Hungarians' arrival in the Carpathian Basin around 895. Kristó argues that both Samuel's Khazar origin and his first name suggest that he was born to a family that adhered to Judaism.
Despite the uncertainty over the clan's origins, Samuel undoubtedly descended from a distinguished family, since an unnamed sister of Stephen I, who had in 1000 or 1001 been crowned the first King of Hungary, was given in marriage to a member of the Aba clan around 1009. However, historians still debate whether Samuel himself or Samuel's father married the royal princess. If Samuel was her husband, he must have been born before 990 and converted either from Judaism or paganismto Christianity when he married Stephen I's sister. His Christian credentials are further evidenced by Samuel's establishment of an abbey at Abasár which was recorded by Hungarian chronicles. According to Gyula Kristó and other historians, Samuel's conversion coincided with the creation of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Eger encompassing his domains.
Samuel held important offices during the reign of King Stephen. Pál Engel proposes that Abaújvár ("Aba's new castle") was named after him, implying that he was also the first "ispán", or head, of that fortress and the county surrounding it. Samuel was a member of the royal council and became the first palatine of Hungary. The death of King Stephen on 15 August 1038 led to his nephew, Peter Orseolo of Venice, ascending to the throne. The new monarch preferred his German and Italian courtiers and set aside the native lords, including Samuel. In 1041, discontented Hungarian noblemen expelled King Peter in a coup d'état and elected Samuel king.
King of Hungary.
Samuel abolished all laws introduced by Peter the Venetian and had many of his predecessor's supporters killed or tortured. The contemporaneous Hermann of Reichenau even called him "the tyrant of Hungary" in his "Chronicon". Hungarian chronicles sharply criticized Samuel for socializing with the peasants instead of the nobles. Samuel even abolished some levies payable by the commoners.
Following his ousting, Peter the Venetian took refuge in Germany. In response, Samuel stormed Austria in 1042, provoking a retaliatory invasion by the German monarch, Henry III in 1043. It forced Samuel to renounce all Hungarian territories to the west of the rivers Leitha and Morava as well as agree to the payment of a tribute. The funding of the tribute payment was through new taxes on the Christian prelates and seizure of Church estates. This policy caused discontent even among the members of Samuel's own council. He had a number of his councillors executed during Lent. In order to punish the king, Bishop Gerard of Csanád (modern-day Cenad, Romania) refused to perform the annual ceremony of putting the royal crown upon the monarch's head at Easter.
King Henry III again invaded Hungary in 1044 to restore Peter the Venetian. The decisive battle was fought at Ménfő near Győr, where Samuel's army was routed. Samuel's fate following the battle is still uncertain. According to nearly contemporaneous German sources, he was captured in short order and executed on Peter the Venetian's command. However, 14th-century Hungarian chronicles narrate that he fled up the river Tisza where he was seized and murdered by the locals. The latter sources further state that Samuel was first buried in a nearby church, but was later transferred to his family's monastery at Abasár.
Family.
No report on the fate of Samuel's widow and children has been preserved. Even so, historiansincluding Gyula Kristó and László Szegfűsuppose that the powerful Aba family descended from him.

</doc>
<doc id="2928662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928662" title="Timothy Wilson">
Timothy Wilson

Timothy D. Wilson is the Sherrell J. Aston Professor of Psychology at the University of Virginia. He is a cognitive psychologist who researches the influence of the unconscious mind on decision-making, preferences and behavior.
Career.
Wilson has published "Strangers to Ourselves", and co-authored "Social Psychology" an introductory textbook on social psychology. The textbook has been translated into Italian, Polish, Chinese, German, Russian, and Serbian, and "Strangers to Ourselves" has been translated into Dutch and Japanese, with Chinese and German editions forthcoming.
Wilson is best known for his research on the adaptive unconscious, self-knowledge, and affective forecasting. With Richard Nisbett, Wilson authored one of Psychology's most cited papers "Telling more than we can know verbal reports on mental processes" that demonstrated the difficulty humans have in introspecting on their own mental processes ("Psychological Review", 1977, cited 2731 times as of May 22, 2007 according to ISI Web of Knowledge). His longtime collaborator is Daniel Gilbert of Harvard University.
His research has been supported by the National Institute of Mental Health, the National Science Foundation, and the Russell Sage Foundation. In 2001 he received an All-University Outstanding Teaching Award from the University of Virginia. In 2009, he was named as a fellow to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
He lives in Charlottesville, Virginia, with his wife, Deirdre Smith. He has two children, Christopher and Leigh.

</doc>
<doc id="2928667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928667" title="Arbitrage betting">
Arbitrage betting

Betting arbitrage, miraclebets, surebets, sports arbitraging is a particular case of arbitrage arising on betting markets due to either bookmakers' different opinions on event outcomes or plain errors. When conditions allow, by placing one bet per each outcome with different betting companies, the bettor can make a profit regardless of the outcome. In the bettors' slang an arbitrage is often referred to as an arb; people who use arbitrage are called arbers.
Arbitrage betting involves relatively large sums of money for 98% of arbitrage opportunities return less than 1.2%. The practice is usually detected quickly by bookmakers, who typically hold an unfavorable view of it, and this can result in half of an arbitrage bet being canceled. Arbitrage betting is almost always insufficiently profitable due to detection, unreliable betting websites, limiting of stakes, hackers, and scammers that use of high percentage arbitrages to trick bettors into providing security credentials.
Bookmakers generally disapprove of betting arbitrage, and restrict or close the accounts of those who they suspect of engaging in arbitrage betting. Although arbitrage betting has existed since the beginnings of bookmaking, the rise of the Internet, odds-comparison websites and betting exchanges have made the practice easier to perform. On the other hand, these changes also made it easier for bookmakers to keep their odds in line with the market, because arbitrage bettors are basically acting as market makers.
The best way of generating profit via sports arbitrage, which has been established in Britain, consists of highly experienced "key men" employing others to place bets on their behalf, so as to avoid detection and increase accessibility to retail bookmakers. This allows the financiers or key arbitragers to stay at a computer to keep track of market movement.
Arbitrage is an extremely fast-paced process and its successful performance requires lots of time, experience, dedication and discipline, and especially liquidity.
Arbitrage in theory.
There are a number of potential arbitrage deals. Below is an explanation of some of them including formulas and risks associated with them. The table below introduces a number of variables that will be used to formalise the arbitrage models.
Arbitrage using bookmakers.
This type of arbitrage takes advantage of different odds offered by different bookmakers. For an example of an event with only two possible outcomes (e.g. a tennis match - either Federer wins or Henman wins), the two bookmakers have different ideas of who has the best chances of winning. They offer the following Fixed-odds gambling on the outcomes of the event:
For an individual bookmaker, the sum of the inverse of all outcomes of an event will always be greater than 1.
formula_1 and formula_2
The bookmaker's return rate is formula_3, which is the amount the bookmaker earns on offering bets at some event. Bookmaker 1 will in this example expect to earn 5.34% on bets on the tennis game. Usually these gaps will be in the order 8 - 12%. The idea is to find odds at different bookmakers, where the sum of the inverse of all the outcomes are below 1, meaning that the bookmakers disagree on the chances of the outcomes. This discrepancy can be used to obtain a profit.
For instance if one places a bet on outcome 1 at bookmaker 2 and outcome 2 at bookmaker 1:
formula_4
Placing a bet of $100 on outcome 1 with bookmaker 2 and a bet of formula_5 on outcome 2 at bookmaker 1 would ensure the bettor a profit.
In case outcome 1 comes out, one could collect formula_6 from bookmaker 2. In case outcome 2 comes out, one could collect formula_7 from bookmaker 1. One would have invested $136.67, but have collected $143, a profit of $6.33 (4.6%) no matter the outcome of the event.
So for 2 odds formula_8 and formula_9, where formula_10. If one wishes to place stake formula_11 at outcome 1, then one should place formula_12 at outcome 2, to even out the odds, and receive the same return no matter the outcome of the event.
Or in other words, if there are two outcomes, a 2/1 and a 3/1, by covering the 2/1 with $500 and the 3/1 with $333, one is guaranteed to win $1000 at a cost of $833, giving a 20% profit. More often profits exists around the 4% mark or less.
Reducing the risk of human error is vital being that the mathematical formula is sound and only external factors add "risk". Numerous online arbitrage calculator tools exist to help bettors get the math right. For example, arbitrage calculators can handle calculations for both book arbitrage ("back/back" or "lay/lay") and "back/lay" arbitrage opportunities on an intra-exchange or inter-exchange basis, and is free.
For arbitrages involving three outcomes (e.g. a game which can be won, lost or drawn) having the odds formula_8 for Outcome 1, formula_9 for outcome 2 and formula_15 for outcome 3 with their respective bids being formula_16, formula_17 and formula_18 and sum of the bids being B.
The amount required to bet on each possibility in order to ensure profit can be calculated by
formula_19
formula_20
formula_21
Back-lay sports arbitrage.
Betting exchanges such as Smarkets have opened up a new range of arbitrage possibilities since on the exchanges it is possible to "lay" (i.e. to bet against) as well as to back an outcome. Arbitrage using only the back or lay side might occur on betting exchanges. It is in principle the same as the arbitrage using different bookmakers. Arbitrage using back and lay side is possible if a lay bet on one exchange provides shorter odds than a back bet on another exchange or bookmaker. However, the commission charged by the bookmakers and exchanges must be included into calculations.
Back-lay sports arbitrage is often called "scalping" or "trading". Scalping is not actually arbitrage, but short term trading. In the context of sports arbitrage betting a scalping trader or scalper looks to make lots of small profits, which in time can add up. In theory a trader could turn a small investment into large profits by re-investing his earlier profits into future bets so as to generate exponential growth. Scalping relies on liquidity in the markets and that the odds will fluctuate around a mean point. A key advantage to scalping on one exchange is that most exchanges charge commission only on the net winnings in a particular event, thus ensuring that even the smallest favorable difference in the odds will guarantee some profit.
Bonus sports arbitrage.
Many bookmakers offer first time users a signup bonus in the range $10–200 for depositing an initial amount. They typically demand that this amount is wagered a number of times before the bonus can be withdrawn. Bonus sport arbitraging is a form of sports arbitraging where the bettor hedges or backs their bets as usual, but since they received the bonus, a small loss can be allowed on each wager (2–5%), which comes off their profit. In this way the bookmakers wagering demand can be met and the initial deposit and sign up bonus can be withdrawn with little loss.
The advantage over usual betting arbitrage is that it is a lot easier to find bets with an acceptable loss, instead of an actual profit. Since most bookmakers offer these bonuses this can potentially be exploited to harvest the sign up bonuses.
By signing up to various bookmakers, it is possible to turn these "free" bets into cash fairly quickly, and either making a small arbitrage, or in the majority of cases, making a small loss on each bet, or trade. However, it is relatively time consuming to find close matched bets or arbitrages, which is where a middleman service is useful. As many bookmakers require a certain turnover of the bonus amount, matching money from different bookmakers against each other enables the player to in effect quickly "play free" the money of the losing bookmaker and in effect transfer it to the winning bookmaker. By avoiding most of the turnover requirements in this way the player can usually expect a 70-80% return on investment.
As well as spending time physically matching odds from various bet sites to exchanges, the other draw back with bonus bagging and arbitrage trading in this sense is that often the free bets are "non-stake returned". This effectively reduces the odds, in decimal format, by 1. Therefore, in order to reduce "losses" on the free bet, it is necessary to place a bet with high odds, so that the percentage difference of the decrease in odds is minimised.
Shop Arbitrage (Sharbing).
Shop arbitrage (also known as sharbing, an almagamation of shop and arbitrage) is the process of using a highstreet bookmaker's coupons and a betting exchange to create an arbitrage position. This is made possible as whilst online prices change quickly to close these positions, high street bookmakers are slower to change the prices on their printed coupons.
Risks of Arbitrage in Practice.
While often claimed to be "risk-free", this is only true if an arbitrage is successfully completed; in reality, there are several threats to this:
Other potential problems include:

</doc>
<doc id="2928672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928672" title="List of Japanese government and military commanders of World War II">
List of Japanese government and military commanders of World War II

In the administration of Japan dominated by the Toseiha movement during World War II, the civil central government of Japan was under the management of some military men, and of some civilians:
Central government.
Imperial family members.
The following were closely involved in the government:
Imperial Privy Council.
President of Privy Council
Privy Councillors
Imperial Supreme War Command (1937-1945).
Supreme Commander-in-Chief of Armed Imperial Forces
He also led the Imperial Supreme War Council conferences and meetings, in some cases a member of the Imperial Family was sent to represent him at such strategic conferences.
Imperial General Headquarters (Dai Honei).
Established in 1937
Commander
Minister of War
Japanese Army Strategic Thought Group
Aide to War Minister, IGHQ
Staff officer IGHQ
Operations Bureau's Organization and Mobilization Section, IGHQ 
Russian Section of Intelligence Department, IGHQ
Army Inner Liaison (Army Section), Military Affairs Bureau, Army Ministry, IGHQ
Imperial Japanese Army General Staff (Tokyo HQ)
Army Zone Commands
Army Regional Commands
Army Tactical Commands
General Command of Southern Army
Army Tactical Commands
Army High Level Inner Liaison with Army General Staff, IGHQ
Minister of the Navy
Japanese Navy Strategic Thinking Group
Imperial Japanese Navy General Staff (Tokyo HQ)
Navy General Staff of Combined Fleet (Japan, later Truk HQ)
Navy Tactical Commands
Navy-Army General Staff (IGHQ) Liaison Officer
Inspectorate General of Military Training IGHQ
Inspectorate General of Aviation IGHQ
Imperial Supreme War Council (Senso-shi-do).
Chief Secretary of Supreme War Council
Supreme War Councilor
Military Councilors
"Imperial Throne Council of War"
President of the Imperial Throne Council of War
Imperial War Councilor
Home Defence.
Chosen Army District.
For details of the Chosen Army:
War Ministries.
Army Allied Prisoner of War Information Bureau.
Army Commanders of Military Prisons and POW Camps in occupied territories
Imperial Army-Navy military teaching and training services units.
See: Military instructors and trainers of the Empire of Japan
Army.
Russian unit of Second Bureau (Intelligence Division) Army General Staff.
Japanese Army Intelligence Services units
Army Aeronautical Department.
Administrative Chief of Administrative Division, Army Aeronautical Department
Chief of the Army Aviation Headquarters
Inspectorate General of Army Air Force
Air Armies General Commanders
Air Groups Commanders
Air Regiment Commanders
Air Force Brigade Commanders
Air Force Staff Officers
Officer Attached to Second Air Group HQ
Commanding Officer in Air Battalion
Acting General Officer Commanding Army Aviation Corps
Air Force Commanders, Directors and instructors in Air Schools 
Chief of Army Aeronautical Department (operative unit)
Deputy Chief of Army Aeronautical Department
Chief of Second Bureau, Army Aeronautical Department
Chief of Army Air Technical Laboratories
Technicals and Experts in Army Aeronautical Sciences
Imperial Japanese Army Air Force units
64th Sentai units (Bangkok Airfield, 1941)
Kurai Chutai, 502nd Sentai unit (Nakatsu Airfield, 1945)
Hane Chutai, 2nd Air Army unit (Hsinking East Airfield, 1945)
Kwantung Government-General Administration.
For a complete structure see:
Structures in other Japanese armies.
See:
Marine Ministries.
Naval Aviation Bureau.
Imperial Japanese Navy Air Force units
Fighter Unit (Carrier Akagi, 1941)
Tainan Air Corps (Denpasar Airfield, 1942)
Yokosuka Air Corps (Yokosuka Airfield,1943)
253rd Air Corps (Rabaul Airfield,1944)
303 Squadron, 203rd Air Corps (Kagoshima Airfield, 1945)
Navy General Staff's Intelligence Division.
Japanese Navy Secret Service units
Central Government Ministries.
Government Finances and Economics Entities.
'National Economic policies'
'Planning Bureau in Cabinet Resources Board'
'Member in Cabinet Research Board'
'Imperial Planning Institute'
'1st Department, Planning Institute (Cabinet Research Board Unit)'
'Cabinet Planning Board'
'First Bureau, Cabinet Planning Board'
'General Affairs Bureau, Cabinet Planning Board'
'Secretary-General of the Asia Development Board'
'Political Affairs Section of the Asia Development Board'
Government Industry, Commerce and Trading Organizations.
'Nan-yo Kyokai'
'Nanyo Sangyo Kaisha'
'Nanyo Kohatsu Kaisha'
Communications Minister.
'Official Journalists'
'Support writers and military experts'
'Official war correspondent'
Foreign Affairs.
Military attachés in foreign service.
See: Japanese military attachés in foreign service
Japanese experts in Jewish Affairs (1938-42).
1938 Five Minister Conference.
At the 1938 Five Ministers' Conference, five of the most powerful men in Japan gathered to discuss the ideas and plans of their 'Jewish experts'

</doc>
<doc id="2928673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928673" title="Rummelsburg">
Rummelsburg

Rummelsburg is a German locality ("Ortsteil") in the borough ("Bezirk") of Lichtenberg, Berlin.
History.
The locality was founded in 1669 and on January 30, 1889 became a rural municipality, with the name of Boxhagen-Rummelsburg. Merged in 1912 in the town of Lichtenberg, in 1920 it was incorporated in Berlin with the "Greater Berlin Act".
Geography.
Overview.
Located in the eastern side of the city and crossed by Spree river in the western corner, Rummelsburg borders with Lichtenberg, Friedrichsfelde, Karlshorst, Friedrichshain (in Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg district), Plänterwald and Oberschöneweide (both in Treptow-Köpenick district). The lake Rummelsburger See belongs to the locality and separates it from Stralau, a zone of Friedrichshain.
Subdivision.
Rummelsburg counts 1 zone ("Ortslage"):
Transport.
The locality is served by several urban rail lines of "S-Bahn" and "U-Bahn". The stations serving the locality are Rummelsburg (S3 line), Betriebsbahnhof Rummelsburg (S3), Nöldnerplatz (S5, S7, S75), partly Ostkreuz (S3, S4, S5, S7, S75, S8, S85, S9) and part of the DB station of Lichtenberg (S5, S7, S75, U5, Tram).

</doc>
<doc id="2928674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928674" title="Shout! Factory">
Shout! Factory

Shout! Factory, LLC, founded in 2003, issues DVDs and Blu-ray Discs of previously released feature films, classic and contemporary TV series, animation, live music, and comedy specials. Shout! Factory also owns and operates Timeless Media Group, Biograph Records, Majordomo Records, HighTone Records, and Video Time Machine.
History.
Shout! Factory was founded in 2003 by Bob Emmer, Garson Foos and Richard Foos, three principles from Rhino Records. After selling Rhino to Warner Bros, the three set out to launch a new retro pop culture label. Their first releases included blues and jazz CDs from the Biograph label, a Fats Domino CD and DVD and several documentaries ("Superstar: The Life And Times Of Andy Warhol", "What Happened To Kerouac?"). It was with the release of "Freaks & Geeks" in 2004 that Shout hit its stride and shifted towards a reputable and celebrated TV on DVD company. That same year, they released a brand-new CD with actor William Shatner (produced by Ben Folds) and started releasing classic SCTV box sets. 
In 2005, Shout! Factory obtained the rights to Herb Alpert's catalog, launching the Herb Alpert Signature Series of CDs. These included "The Lonely Bull", "South Of The Border", "Lost Treasures", "Whipped Cream & Other Delights" and others. They also got the rights to talk show host Dick Cavett's library and started releasing theme sets such as Rock Icons, Ray Charles (including all his visits to the show), John & Yoko Collection and others. They also jumped into children's animation with a deal with DiC entertainment. "C.O.P.S. The Animated Series" and "Heathcliff And The Catillac Cats" were the first releases from that deal. On the sports side, they entered into a licensing deal with Major League Baseball, releasing themed and World Series DVDs through 2010.
In 2006, Shout got the rights to Cartoon Network staple Home Movies and released each season set, and ultimately a complete series box. Other pop culture releases ensued, including a pair of The Electric Company multi-disc sets, the re-envisioned Herb Alpert's "Whipped Cream & Other Delights Rewhipped", a series of Elvira's Movie Macabre DVDs and the first of what would be three covers CDs with Matthew Sweet and Susanna Hoffs, called "Under The Covers Vol. 1". Still earning a reputation for classic TV, Shout acquired the rights to "America's Funniest Home Videos", "That Girl", "Punky Brewster" and "The Weird Al Show", all of which debuted in 2006.
By 2007, classic TV on DVD was a major focus, with season sets of "McHale's Navy", "Ironside", "The Adventures Of Ozzie & Harriet" and themed and actor-specific editions of "Inside The Actor's Studio". Meanwhile, they also started releasing Mickey Harts' catalogs.
In 2008, Shout bought the Hightone Records catalog and added artists like Tom Russell, Joe Ely and Rosie Flores to its brand. At the same time, they were ramping up their place as a children's animation destination and continuing with a TV on DVD schedule. They took over the "Mystery Science Theater" series and released a 20th Anniversary set and have continues to put out box sets of episodes never before released on DVD.
It was 2009 that Shout reached another milestone when it struck a deal with children's TV producers Hasbro, releasing the original "Transformers" and "G.I. Joe" animated series box sets. That same year, they released their first MLP DVD, "My Little Pony: Twinkle Wish Collection". Shout continues to release several Hasbro entities, including the series "".
In 2012, Shout started releasing titles by both Saban ("Power Rangers", "Mutant Turtles") and Marvel ("Super Hero Squad Show", "Marvel Knights"). It was at the end of 2012 that Shout also launched a sub-label called Scream Factory. Horror films, new and old, were licensed from major studios like MGM, Fox and Universal.
Now in its 11th year, Shout continues to release complete-series sets of classic TV - both "Bob Newhart: The Complete Series" and "Hill Street Blues: The Complete Series" - have been announced for 2014. They join complete releases such as "All In The Family", "Route 66" and "Barney Miller". On May 8 2014, Shout announced their acquisition of the rights to WKRP in Cincinnati with the intention of restoring all four seasons "complete" with their original musical scores. The release would be a monumental event for fans of the show since its release on DVD has been mired in squabbles regarding music rights.
On June 9, 2014, it was announced that Shout! Factory had acquired the rights to the series and will release "My Little Pony - The Complete Series" on DVD on September 30, 2014. The 4-disc set will contain all 65 episodes of the series. This marks the first to be companion franchise of "My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic".
Licensing deals.
Shout! Factory has agreements with, among others, Marvel Entertainment, Hasbro Studios, Nickelodeon/Paramount Home Entertainment, Classic Media, Universal Pictures, MGM, and Saban Capital Group. Releases under these agreements have included the complete Joss Whedon/John Cassaday series of "Astonishing X-Men", plus "Thor & Loki: Blood Brothers" and "Iron Man: Extremis" on DVD and Blu-ray; the original "Transformers", "", "Jem" and "My Little Pony cartoons, "Power Rangers", and "VR Troopers".
In mid-2012 Shout! Factory announced a horror sub-label called Scream Factory, specializing in classic and cult horror films such as "Halloween II", "", "They Live", "The Howling", "Lifeforce", "Deadly Eyes", and others being released to DVD and Blu-ray.
Related companies.
In 2012, Shout! Factory acquired Oregon-based home entertainment company Timeless Media Group, adding programs like the following to its ever-expanding catalog: "The Red Skelton Show", "Peter Gunn", "The Gene Autry Show", "The Virginian", "Wagon Train", "Laramie" and "The Roy Rogers Show" among others.
Shout! Factory also acquired blues/roots label HighTone Records and continues to oversee its back catalog.

</doc>
<doc id="2928682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928682" title="James Bond 007 (1998 video game)">
James Bond 007 (1998 video game)

James Bond 007 is an action-adventure game starring Ian Fleming's secret agent, James Bond. Released in 1998, the game features a story featuring characters from multiple James Bond films, such as Oddjob and Jaws. It also incorporates gambling minigames, such as Baccarat and Blackjack.
Gameplay.
The gameplay of "James Bond 007" is presented from a top-down perspective. As James Bond, the player controls an arsenal of weapons and items. Playing more like "The Legend of Zelda" game than the Goldeneye 007 game for the Nintendo 64, James Bond must use items at the appropriate place and time to either sneak past impossible odds or to solve a mission. Players can save up to three games and/or delete them like Zelda games. Without weapons, player can either result to fists or karate moves. It was covered in a 1998 issue of Nintendo Power being one of the last Game Boy games to be released in the 20th century. The title is in black and white; meaning that is was meant to be played on the original Game Boy.
Plot.
The game begins with Bond in a Chinese village ruled by a female martial arts warlord called Zhong Mae. After Bond infiltrates her dojo, steals the plans given to her and defeats her, Bond escapes the ninja clan by speedboat and returns to London. M, head of MI6, tells Bond that the plans are for a secret weapons cache somewhere in an unknown part of the world. Bond then heads to Kurdistan to find 008, who is missing in action. Bond manages to rescue 008 after killing Iqbal, who rules the town. 008 instructs Bond to go to Marrakech to find one of Bond's old enemies, Oddjob, who is working for someone that is smuggling the weapons.
After a little bickering within the black market, betting at a casino, and meeting the Rat Man, Bond receives a sleeping dart gun which he uses on Oddjob's henchman. After stealing the henchman's room key, Bond is ambushed by Oddjob inside his hotel room and taken to the Sahara Desert. A traveler gives Bond a canteen, which Bond uses to sustain himself as he goes through the desert, which slowly begins to kill him. Bond makes it to a nearby airport, which has been instructed by M to take him to Tibet, where he must scale a mountain, defeat Sumos and get captured by Oddjob again.
While awaiting torture in the secret weapons base, Zhong Mae arrives and tells Bond that she has changed sides, stating that she was only trying to aid her village financially. With her help, Bond defeats Oddjob and interrogates him on who is behind the plot. Oddjob gives the name: General Golgov, a top general in Russia. Oddjob tells Bond to return to Kurdistan where he finds Golgov's two associates, Saddam and Khatar, while Zhong Mae tells Bond to find her friend, Mustafa. After Bond defeats Khatar and Saddam, Mustafa thanks him for stopping the war that destroyed Iqbal's village and then gives him a mirror. With aid from a guide, Bond makes it to the edge of Golgov's base which Bond manages to infiltrate. Inside, Bond kills Jaws and then begins to unravel the general's true intentions: a nuclear holocaust with the general emerging as the ruler of the world. Bond uses a bazooka to destroy the General in his robot and then aids Zhong Mae in shutting the down the base. Bond and Mae then take a boat out to sea where a British sub rescues them and congratulates Bond.
Reception.
The game received an average score of 62.14% at Game Rankings, based on an aggregate of 5 reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="2928683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928683" title="A.C. Cuneo 1905">
A.C. Cuneo 1905

Associazione Calcio Cuneo 1905 is an Italian football club, based in Cuneo, Piedmont. The club currently plays in Serie D.
History.
The club was founded in 1905 as "Unione Sportiva Alta Italia", taking its current name in 1998.
It has played in Serie C from 1938 to 1943 and from 1946 to 1948. It has played in Serie B in the season 1945-46 as "Cuneo Sportiva". It has played in Serie C2 from 1989 to 1992 as "Cuneo Sportiva", from 2005 to 2008 and in Lega Pro Seconda Divisione in the season 2011-12.
Scudetto Dilettanti 2010-11.
Cuneo in the season 2010-11, from Serie D group A was promoted to Lega Pro Seconda Divisione, conquering also the Scudetto Dilettanti.
Lega Pro (2011–14).
In the season 2011-12 of Lega Pro Seconda Divisione the club was promoted to Lega Pro Prima Divisione after 64 years, beating Virtus Entella 5-2 in the final return of the play-off after the 1-1 of the first round. The club relegated back to Seconda Divisione in 2013 and Serie D in 2014.
The Academy.
Good results as Berretti, Allievi Nazionali and Giovanissimi Nazionali. In 2012 Cuneo Berretti reached Final Scudetto against Frosinone Calcio.
Support.
Fans of Cuneo retain regional rivalries with A.S.D. Albese Calcio, A.C.D. Asti and A.S. Casale Calcio. Other rivals include Savona F.B.C. and Virtus Entella.
Players.
"Updated 3 June 2014."

</doc>
<doc id="2928684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928684" title="Institute of Patentees and Inventors">
Institute of Patentees and Inventors

The Institute of Patentees and Inventors is a United Kingdom-based non-profit making association. It provides support to individuals on all aspects of inventing.

</doc>
<doc id="2928685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928685" title="Indigenous inhabitants of the New Territories (Hong Kong)">
Indigenous inhabitants of the New Territories (Hong Kong)

Indigenous inhabitants refers to the residents in the New Territories of Hong Kong, whose ancestors were inhabitants there before the commencement of British rule in 1898 and have special rights to preserve their customs. When the sovereignty of Hong Kong was transferred from the United Kingdom to the People's Republic of China in 1997, these special rights were preserved under the Hong Kong Basic Law.
Non-indigenous inhabitant (非原居民) is a resident in the New Territories of Hong Kong, whose ancestors were not inhabitants there before the commencement of British rule in 1898 and do not have the same special rights as the indigenous inhabitants.
Special rights.
Special rights are restricted to the village that the indigenous inhabitant is from. In order to protect the tradition of villages, male indigenous inhabitants have the right to apply for "small house", known as "ting uk" (丁屋) in Cantonese. Properties are only inherited by male members of a village.
People living on boats.
People have been living on boats in the New Territories for generations, and they do not usually own land or houses. They have no special rights because the Hong Kong government since 1898 only recognises "established villages".
Conflicts between indigenous and non-indigenous inhabitants.
As a result of a large influx of non-indigenous inhabitants into the rural villages, conflicts between indigenous and non-indigenous inhabitants are surfacing. Because the management of a village was only in the hand of indigenous inhabitants, non-indigenous inhabitants could not participate in the matters of the village.

</doc>
<doc id="2928712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928712" title="...Baby One More Time Tour">
...Baby One More Time Tour

...Baby One More Time Tour was the debut concert tour by American recording artist Britney Spears. It supported her debut studio album, "...Baby One More Time" (1999) and visited United States and Canada. The tour was announced in March 1999, with dates released a month later. Tommy Hilfiger was chosen as the tour sponsor. The show was divided into various segments, with each segment being followed by an interlude to the next segment, and it ended with an encore. The setlist consisted of songs from her debut album and several covers.
Background and development.
On March 5, 1999, it was reported that Spears was planning her first headlining tour to support her first studio album, "...Baby One More Time" (1999). Shortly after, she announced that the tour would start in July. On May 12, 1999, Tommy Hilfiger was announced as the main tour sponsor. During the time of the announcement, Spears was being featured in the "AllStars" campaign launched by the company. Hilfiger spoke about the sponsorship saying,
"My passion for music has always inspired my designs. This year we have really put music in the forefront of everything we do. Britney represents the spirit of Tommy Jeans and of youth today. I cannot think of a better way to continue this exciting year by sponsoring one of today's hottest, young recording artists".
The secondary sponsor was supposed to be Nestlé, but they pulled out soon after provocative photographs of Spears shot by David LaChapelle were published in "Rolling Stone". Tour dates were released through Pollstar on April 9, 1999, with the tour kicking off on June 28, 1999 in Pompano Beach, Florida. Several dates were added and rescheduled, and the complete schedule was released two months later.
Spears talked to CNN about her involvement during the development of the tour, stating that she had designed the entire tour herself, including costumes and concept. Spears worked with fashion designer Gia Ventola to create the costumes for her and the dancers. The proscenium stage was simple and had only one main prop, a staircase in the middle. The band was in both sides of the staircase and consisted of five musicians. There were also six dancers, that took the stage during interludes. The setlist consisted of eight songs from her debut album and several covers by well-known artists.
Concert synopsis.
The show began with a dance introduction by Spears' dancers among smoke effects. She appeared shortly after at the top of the staircase wearing a hot pink vinyl tube top and white vinyl pants with pink knee patches, to perform "(You Drive Me) Crazy". In "Soda Pop" she danced and interacted with the audience, before leaving the stage while her dancers continued. She appeared sitting on the staircase to sing "Born to Make You Happy" and "From the Bottom of My Broken Heart". The show continued with a dance interlude set to Madonna's "Vogue" in which she named Madonna and Janet Jackson as her biggest inspirations. She then took the stage to perform a cover of Madonna's "Material Girl". After this, she performed two covers of Jackson, "Black Cat" and "Nasty". She ended the section with a performance of Sonny & Cher's "The Beat Goes On", accompanied by psychedelic lights. After a dance interlude, she performed the album track "I Will Be There" and a cover of "Open Arms" by Journey, ending with a smile at the top of the staircase. After "Sometimes", she waved and left the stage. The encore consisted of a performance of "...Baby One More Time", in which Spears wore a black bra under pink halter, a pink sequined plaid mini-skirt, and black thigh-high stockings.
Critical reception.
The tour garnered generally positive reviews from critics. Jeffrey Haney of the "Deseret News" described the show as "funky and flashy". A reporter from "USA Today" called Spears' performance "assured and energetic". Jim Farber of the "Daily News" pointed out that Spears seemed to have two personas during the show, one when singing songs from her album and a more edgy look when singing the covers. He also added that "Spears' nods to edginess no doubt reflects her desire to grow into a more mature career". Jane Ganahl of the "San Francisco Chronicle" said that "she may be somewhat entertaining, but she's also just another prefab act - longer on packaging than actual talent".
Set list.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="2928730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928730" title="Girth (tack)">
Girth (tack)

A girth, sometimes called a cinch (Western riding), is a piece of equipment used to keep the saddle in place on a horse or other animal. It passes under the barrel of the equine, usually attached to the saddle on both sides by two or three leather straps called billets. Girths are used on Australian and English saddles, while western saddles and many pack saddles have a cinch, which is fastened to the saddle by a single wide leather strap on each side, called a latigo.
Although a girth is often enough to keep a well-fitting saddle in place, other pieces of equipment are also used in jumping or speed sports such as polo, eventing, show jumping, and fox hunting; or on rough terrain such as trail riding, These include breastplates, overgirths, cruppers, and, on pack saddles, breeching.
Studies have shown that, although girths may restrict the movement of the ribcage in the horse, they have no effect on the horse's ability to take in air.
Types of Girths.
Several types of girth are shaped to allow ample room for the elbows. The Balding style is a flat piece of leather cut into three strips which are crossed and folded in the center, and the Atherstone style is a shaped piece of baghide with a roughly 1.5” wide strip of stronger leather running along the center. A variation on this is the overlay girth, in which the piece of leather in the center is the same curved shape as the girth. This overlay is often stitched in a decorative design.
Unshaped girths are commonly made of flat, heavy cotton, or padded cotton with nylon webbing reinforcement, or out of leather as in the tri-fold or threefold girth, popular among sidesaddle riders and traditional foxhunters.
Fleece girth covers are often used on sensitive horses to protect the barrel of the horse, and some styles of girth come with attached or removable sheepskin liners that perform the same function.
A dressage girth, or Lonsdale girth, is shorter than the usual girths used on other saddles. This is because the dressage saddle has longer billets, to keep the buckles out from under the rider's leg, and so a shorter girth may be used. Dressage girths can be made of all the materials, and in all the styles, mentioned before, and also can be made entirely of very strong elastic.
An overgirth or surcingle is often used in addition to a regular leather girth. Made of leather or nylon with an elastic insert (for racing), the overgirth completely encircles the horse around belly and the saddle's seat. It is used by stockmen, eventers, polo players, in flat racing, and by steeplechase jockeys to provide more security in holding the saddle in place.
Some girths (those used on jumpers and eventers) have a belly guard (or stud guard), to protect the belly from being stabbed by horseshoe studs as the animal tucks his legs up underneath him over a tall obstacle.
Western cinches.
The traditional western cinch was made of multiple strands of heavy cords, usually made of mohair, or, in cheaper designs, cotton. Modern designs are also made of synthetic fiber or a synthetic-mohair blend. The number of cords used varies with width and design, but the standard range is from 17 to 30 strands, creating an end product that is 4 to 7 inches wide at the widest point in the center of the cinch. This design is sometimes known as a "string", "strand," "cord" or "rope" cinch. Each cord is knotted around a large ring, called a cinch ring, placed at either end. In the center, additional cording or very heavy thread is used to gather all the cords into a set width and make the cinch lie flat. Wider cinches are narrowed to fit the cinch ring by allowing two layers of cord to form at the ring, sometimes aided by decorative weaving that stabilizes the cords. 
Cinches are also made of more solid materials. One of the first non-traditional designs incorporated 1/2" thick felt backed by nylon webbing on the side away from the horse. Other materials, such as neoprene, also supported internally or on one side by heavy web or nylon or a similar synthetic material, are also used. Cinches are sometimes covered with a sleeve or covering made of fleece, usually synthetic. Fleece is also sometimes used to line the inside of a cinch.
The cinch attaches to the saddle by means of a latigo on either side. The latigo is a wide, flexible strap, usually of leather, though nylon webbing is also seen. The latigo is attached to the off (right) side of the saddle at the saddle's cinch ring or "dee ring", doubled in thickness and knotted or buckled to the cinch, usually kept attached to both cinch and saddle at all times, except to make fitting adjustments. The latigo on the near (left) side is attached to the saddle at all times, but the loose end is used to secure the saddle for riding by running it through the left cinch ring one or more times, back through the saddle's dee ring, and then finally buckled or knotted when tight. It is loosened and removed from the cinch to take off the saddle.
Fitting the Girth.
A girth should first and foremost spread pressure evenly over the entire area. If it is too narrow, or if it has a narrow reinforcing strip down its center, it may cause discomfort. It is also best if it has some "give" to it, which makes it more comfortable for the horse. Many riders also choose a girth that allows for extra elbow room, so the horse is not restricted as his leg moves backward.
To measure for a girth, the saddle with a pad should be placed on the horse. A measuring tape is then used to measure from the middle hole of the billet on one side, under the horse's belly, to the middle billet on the other side.
If a girth is slightly too small, a girth extender may be used. A girth extender attaches to the billets of the saddle and lengthens them, so that a shorter girth may be used.
Use of the billets.
Most jumping saddles have three billets. This not only allows the rider a spare should one break, but can also provide an adjustment option. For horses on which the saddle sits nicely, neither slipping forward or back, the first and third billets should be used. On horses where the saddle slips back, the first and second billets should be used. 
The second and third should never be used together, as they are attached to a single piece of webbing to the saddle's tree. Since the first billet is attached to a separate piece of webbing, you can safely combine its use with either of the other two billets.
There are other girthing systems available such as the Adjustable Y system or a similar girthing system. These also provide an adjustment option and have a front girth strap which is connected to the saddle tree point, and a rear girth strap giving it a Y shape and stability.

</doc>
<doc id="2928737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928737" title="Time in Australia">
Time in Australia

Australia uses three main time zones, Australian Western Standard Time (AWST; ), Australian Central Standard Time (ACST; ), and Australian Eastern Standard Time (AEST; ). Time is regulated by the individual state governments, some of which observe daylight saving time (DST). Australia's external territories observe different time zones.
Standard time was introduced in the 1890s when all of the Dominions adopted it. Before the switch to standard time zones, each local city or town was free to determine its local time, called local mean time. Now, Western Australia uses Western Standard Time; South Australia and the Northern Territory use Central Standard Time; while New South Wales, Queensland, Tasmania, Victoria, and the Australian Capital Territory (ACT) use Eastern Standard Time.
Daylight saving time is used in South Australia, New South Wales, Victoria, Tasmania, and the ACT. It is not currently used in Western Australia, Queensland, or in the Northern Territory.
History.
The standardization of time in Australia began in 1892, when surveyors from the six Dominions in Australia met in Melbourne for the Intercolonial Conference of Surveyors. The delegates accepted the recommendation of the 1884 International Meridian Conference to adopt Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) as the basis for standard time.
The Dominions enacted time zone legislation, which took effect in February 1895. The clocks were set ahead of GMT by eight hours in Western Australia; by nine hours in South Australia (and the Northern Territory, which it governed); and by 10 hours in Queensland, New South Wales, the Dominion of Victoria and Tasmania. The three time zones became known as "Eastern Standard Time", "Central Standard Time", and "Western Standard Time".
In May 1899, South Australia advanced Central Standard Time by thirty minutes, disregarding the common international practice of setting one-hour intervals between adjacent time zones. In doing so, South Australia also adopted a time meridian located outside of its boundaries - another departure from international convention. Attempts to correct these oddities in 1986 and 1994 were rejected.
When the Northern Territory was separated from South Australia and placed under the jurisdiction of the Federal Government, that Territory kept Central Standard Time. Likewise, when the ACT was broken off from New South Wales, it retained Eastern Standard Time.
Since 1899, the only major changes in Australian time zones has been the adoption of Central Standard Time in Broken Hill, New South Wales, and the setting of clocks to one-half hour earlier than Eastern time (GMT plus 10:30) on the territory of Lord Howe Island.
When abbreviating "Australian Central Time" and "Australian Eastern Time", in domestic contexts the leading "Australian" may be omitted, however the prefix "A" is often used to avoid ambiguity with the time zone abbreviations "CST" and "EST" referring to the Central and Eastern Time Zones in North America. 
Civil time and legislation.
Though the governments of the states and territories have the power to legislate variations in time, the standard time within each of these is set related to Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) as determined by the International Bureau of Weights and Measures and set by section 8AA of the "National Measurement Act" of 1960[http://www.austlii.edu.au/au/legis/cth/consol_act/nma1960222/index.html] of the Commonwealth.
Australia has kept a version of the UTC atomic time scale since the 1990s, but Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) remained the formal basis for the standard times of all of the states through 2005. In November 2004, the state and territory attorneys-general endorsed a proposal from the Australian National Measurement Institute to adopt UTC as the standard of all Australian standard times, thereby eliminating the effects of slight variations in the rate of rotation of the Earth that are inherent in mean solar time. All states have adopted the UTC standard, starting on 1 September 2005.
In Victoria, South Australia, Tasmania. and the ACT, the starting and ending dates of daylight saving times are officially determined by proclamations, declarations, or regulation made by the State Governor or by the responsible minister. Such instruments may be valid for only the current year, and so this section generally only refers to the legislation. In New South Wales and Western Australia, the starting and ending dates, if any, are to be set by legislation.
Western Standard Time (WST) – UTC+08:00
Central Standard Time (ACST)- UTC+09:30
Eastern Standard Time (AEST) – UTC+10:00
Daylight saving time (DST).
The choice of whether to use DST is a matter for the governments of the individual states and territories. However, during World War I and World War II all states and territories used daylight saving time (DST). In 1968 Tasmania became the first state in peacetime to use DST, followed in 1971 by New South Wales, Victoria, Queensland, South Australia, and the Australian Capital Territory. Western Australia and the Northern Territory did not adopt it. Queensland abandoned DST in 1972. Queensland and Western Australia have occasionally used DST during the past 40 years during trial periods.
The main DST zones are the following:
During the usual periods of DST, the three standard time zones in Australia become five zones. This includes the areas that do not observe DST: Western Australia (UTC plus 8:00), the Northern Territory (UTC plus 9:30), and Queensland (UTC plus 10:00).
The change to and from DST takes place at 2:00 am local standard time the appropriate Sunday. Until 2008, DST usually began on the last Sunday in October, and ended on the last Sunday in March. However, Tasmania, given its latitude further south, began DST earlier, on the first Sunday in October, and ended it later, on the first Sunday of April.
On 12 April 2007, New South Wales, Victoria, Tasmania, and the ACT agreed to common beginning and ending dates for DST from 2008. DST in these states and South Australia began on the first Sunday in October and ended on the first Sunday in April. Western Australia was then the only state to use DST from the last Sunday in October to the last Sunday in March, but it abolished DST in 2009.
Anomalies.
The town of Broken Hill (specified as Yancowinna County), is in far western New South Wales. Unlike the rest of New South Wales, Broken Hill (and the surrounding region) observes Australian Central Standard Time () a time zone it shares with South Australia and the Northern Territory.
Lord Howe Island in the Pacific Ocean uses UTC+10:30 during the winter months (30 minutes ahead of the eastern states), but advances to UTC+11:00 in summer (the same time as New South Wales).
A compromise between Western and Central time (UTC+8:45, without DST), unofficially known as Central Western Standard Time, is used in one area in the southeastern corner of Western Australia and one roadhouse in South Australia. Towns east of Caiguna on the Eyre Highway (including Eucla, Madura, Mundrabilla and Border Village, just over the border into South Australia), follow "CWST" instead of Western Australian time. The total population of that area is estimated at 200 people. This area did not change when South Australia introduced DST. During the Western Australian trial of DST from 2006 to 2009, this area also sets its clocks ahead one hour during summer. This time zone is not officially recognized.
The Indian Pacific train has its own time zone – a so-called "train time" when travelling between Kalgoorlie, Western Australia and Port Augusta, South Australia - which was at UTC plus 9:00 hours during November 2005 when DST was observed in the eastern and southern states.
External territories.
Australia's external territories follow different time zones.
Special events.
In 2000, all of the eastern jurisdictions that normally observe DST — New South Wales, Victoria, the ACT, and Tasmania — began DST early because of the Summer Olympic Games held in Sydney. These jurisdictions moved to DST on 27 August 2000. South Australians did not change their clocks until the usual date, which was 29 October 2000.
In 2006, all of the states that followed DST (the above states and South Australia) delayed their return to Standard Times by one week, because of the Commonwealth Games held in Melbourne. DST ended on 2 April 2006.
National times.
There are situations in which a nationwide time is in effect. In the case of business activities, a national time can be used. For example, a prospectus for the issue of stock in a company would usually set the closing time for offers at some location (e.g. Sydney) as the time when offers must be received, regardless of the source of the offer. Similarly, tenders for their sale of stock usually set out the time at a given location by which they must be received to be considered. Another example is the Australian Stock Exchange which operates on Eastern Standard Time.
On the other hand, Federal legislation yields to state-regulated standard times in many diverse situations. For example, it yields in setting the normal working times of Federal employees, the recognition of public holidays, etc. The Federal government also relies on local times for Federal elections, so that the polls in Western Australia close two or three hours after those in the eastern states. Also, documents to be filed in a Federal Court may be filed based on the local time. The effect of this is that if there had been a failure to file a legal document on time in an eastern State, that document can sometimes still be filed (within two hours) in Western Australia.
National television in Australia uses Eastern time.
IANA time zone database.
The 13 zones for Australia as given by zone.tab of the IANA time zone database. Columns marked * are from the zone.tab.
Debate, trials and referendums.
Queensland.
Queensland has had a particularly involved debate over daylight saving time, with public opinion geographically divided. A referendum on DST in 1992, following a three-year trial (1989/90 - 1991/92), and was defeated with a 54.5 percent negative vote. The referendum result displayed a distinct trend - that public opinion on DST in Queensland is geographically divided, with the negative vote being strongest in northern and western districts, while the positive vote being strongest in the southeastern region (e.g. in Brisbane).
Since the early 2000s, there have been a number of petitions submitted to Legislative Assembly of Queensland, lobbying for the introduction of daylight saving time or for another referendum to be held. A petition in 2006 was signed by 62,232 people. In response to these petitions, then Queensland Premier Peter Beattie commissioned research to find out if it should be re-introduced into Queensland. Around this time, Premier Peter Beattie predicted that daylight saving in Queensland would increase the rate of skin cancer in the state, an assertion for which there is no evidence, according to the Queensland Cancer Fund.
In October 2007, the government-commissioned research was presented to the new Premier Anna Bligh, who ruled out holding a new referendum, despite the report indicating that 59 percent of the residents of Queensland and 69 percent of those in southeastern Queensland to be in favour of adopting daylight saving.
In December 2008, the Daylight Saving for South East Queensland (DS4SEQ) political Party was officially registered, to advocate for the use of a two-time-zone system for DST in Queensland, with most the State (in land area) using standard time. This party contested the March 2009 Queensland State election with 32 candidates, and it received about one percent of the statewide primary vote.
In early 2010, the DS4SEQ political party approached the independent member, Peter Wellington, to introduce a private member's bill for DST. 
Since Mr. Wellington agreed with the principles of the DS4SEQ proposal, specifically the dual-time-zone system, he drafted the DST for southeastern Queensland Referendum Bill of 2010 and he submitted this bill to Queensland Parliament on 14 April 2010. Wellington has called for a referendum to be held at the next State election on the introduction of DST into southeastern Queensland under the dual-time-zone system.
In response to this bill, the Premier of Queensland, Anna Bligh, announced a community consultation process, which resulted in over 74,000 respondents participating, 64 percent of whom voted in favour of a trial, and 63 percent of whom were in favour of holding a referendum. The decision announced by the Premier on 7 June 2010 was that her Government would not support the bill because rural Queenslanders were overwhelmingly opposed to DST. The Bill was defeated in Queensland Parliament on 15 June 2011.
Western Australia.
Western Australia has also had a particularly involved debate over DST, with the issue being put to a referendum four times: in 1975, 1984, 1992, and 2009. All of these proposals to adopt DST were defeated. Voters registered a negative vote of 54.6 percent in the 2009 referendum, the highest percentage for all four of these referendums. Each referendum followed a trial period during which the state observed DST. The first three followed a one-year trial, while the 2006 "Western Australian Daylight Saving Bill (No. 2) 2006" instituted a trial of DST beginning on 3 December 2006, and lasting for three years.

</doc>
<doc id="2928742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928742" title="Assault (disambiguation)">
Assault (disambiguation)

Assault can refer to:
Law.
Warfare

</doc>
<doc id="2928750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928750" title="Cross Hands">
Cross Hands

Cross Hands is a village in Carmarthenshire, Wales about 12 miles from Carmarthen. Cross Hands is supposedly named from the practice of prisoners intended for jail in Carmarthen and Swansea being staged for exchange.
Cross Hands Public Hall is one of only three of its kind in Wales. The Public Hall was erected in 1920 and designed by an unknown Italian Designer in the classic Art Deco Style. Fully restored, the Public Hall has a fully functioning stage and cinema screen and is protected as a Grade 2 listed building.
The continuous built up area which includes the villages of Cross Hands, Gorslas, Cefneithin and Pen-y-groes had a population of 5,717 in 2011.
Cross hands is a growing residential and employment area and includes the established Cross Hands Food Park to the south west of the A48. A new business park - the Cross Hands Business Park is being developed to the northest of the A48 which the local authority hopes will create 1,000 jobs.
Future developments.
Carmarthenshire county council intends to build a new link road which will allow traffic on the A476 to bypass the congested Cross Hands roundabout. The new Road will start from a point to the northeast of the crosshands roundabout and be routed via the Cross Hands Food Park junction on the A48 and reconnect with A476 at a point south west of the Cross Hands roundabout.

</doc>
<doc id="2928769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928769" title="Interpublic Group of Companies">
Interpublic Group of Companies

The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. (IPG) is one of the big four global advertising holding companies (the others being Omnicom, WPP and Publicis). It is headquartered in New York City and is the parent company of advertising and marketing services agencies around the world.
The company consists of three major networks: McCann Worldgroup, Lowe and Partners, and FCB. Its media agencies are bundled under the IPG Mediabrands entity. It also owns a number of specialty agencies, including public relations, sports marketing, talent representation and healthcare.
Michael Roth is the current IPG Chief Executive Officer.
History.
The first marketing services management holding company, IPG was created in 1960 with McCann-Erickson and McCann-Marschalk as its two subsidiaries.
In 2002, IPG suffered a precipitous drop in its stock price and reputation in an accounting scandal that was an epidemic among American companies (such as Enron, WorldCom, Tyco, and Adelphia) during that period. In that year, Interpublic was alleged in violation of the Securities Exchange Act over misrepresentation and artificially inflating its earnings. As of November 18, 2008 (taking into account stock splits), IPG's stock has sold at approximately the same price it was on November 18, 1987.
Interpublic, working to simplify its structure after its overload of deals in the '90s and '00s, did not complete any acquisitions in 2005 and 2006. It disposed of 51 businesses in 2005 and 2006, primarily outside the U.S.; Interpublic said it exited 23 "loss-making international affiliates" in 2006. Interpublic in April 2007 announced it agreed to buy Reprise Media, a search engine marketing firm. In July of that same year, FCB-Ulka Advertising Private Limited, a subsidiary of IPG, was renamed DRAFTFCB+Ulka Advertising Pvt. Ltd.
Restatements.
On Aug 13, 2002, the Interpublic Group of Companies announced to restate financial statements, due to uncertain economic environment and imbalances in certain accounts containing inter-Company activity and related balance sheet items that warranted further scrutiny. On Nov 13, the final amount of the restatement was reported to be $181.3 million, which reduced previously reported pre-tax income, substantially all of which is related to periods 2001 and prior reporting periods. 
On March 6, 2003, IPG restated the third quarter of 2002, after identifying $135.8 million of pre-tax charges relating to asset impairments and other operating expenses at Octagon Motor Sports. 
On Sep 15, 2005, IPG announced to restate earnings for fiscal 2000 through 2004, due to problems in accounting for revenue, acquisitions and lease expenses.The company also fired some employees in its investigation of accounting errors and potential misconduct. 
On March 22, 2006, IGP's financial review process resulted in restatement of 2005 interim periods and the recording of immaterial out-of-period adjustments to fourth quarter 2005 financial results.

</doc>
<doc id="2928775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928775" title="Hofstadter's butterfly">
Hofstadter's butterfly

In physics, Hofstadter's butterfly is a mathematical object describing the theorised behaviour of electrons in a magnetic field. It was discovered by Douglas Hofstadter in 1976, who later abandoned physics research and became notable as a cognitive scientist and author. It takes its name from its visual resemblance to a butterfly. It is a fractal structure and as such it shows self-similarity, meaning that small fragments of the structure contain a (distorted) copy of the entire structure. It is one of the rare fractal structures discovered in physics, along with KAM tori.
To test whether Hofstadter's butterfly describes real electron behaviour requires accurate measurements. Such were not possible when he wrote his paper. However, more recent experimental research has confirmed the characteristic butterfly shape.
Background.
Hofstadter described the structure in 1976 in an article on the energy levels of Bloch electrons in magnetic fields. It gives a graphical representation of the spectrum of the almost Mathieu operator for formula_1 at different frequencies,
Written while Hofstadter was at the University of Oregon, his paper was influential in directing further research. Hofstadter predicted on theoretical grounds that the allowed energy level values of an electron in a two-dimensional square lattice, as a function of a magnetic field applied to the system, formed what is now known as a fractal set. That is, the distribution of energy levels for small scale changes in the applied magnetic field recursively repeat patterns seen in the large-scale structure. "Gplot", as Hofstadter called the figure, was described as a recursive structure in his 1976 article in "Physical Review B", written before Benoit Mandelbrot's newly coined word "fractal" was introduced in an English text. Hofstadter also discusses the figure in his 1979 book "Gödel, Escher, Bach". The structure became generally known as "Hofstadter's butterfly".
Confirmation.
It has recently been experimentally confirmed in transport measurements in two-dimensional electron systems with a superimposed nano-fabricated lattice.. In 2013, two separate groups of researchers independently reported evidence of the Hofstadter butterfly spectrum in graphene devices fabricated on hexagonal boron nitride substrates. In this instance the butterfly spectrum results from interplay between the applied magnetic field, and the large scale Moiré pattern that develops when the graphene lattice is oriented with near zero-angle mismatch to the boron nitride.

</doc>
<doc id="2928780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928780" title="Mullet Peninsula">
Mullet Peninsula

The Mullet Peninsula ()—also known as the Mullet (an Mhuirthead) and sometimes as the Erris Peninsula—is a peninsula in the barony of Erris in County Mayo, Ireland. It consists of a large promontory connected to the mainland at Belmullet ("Béal an Mhuirthead"), a town of about 2,000 inhabitants, by a narrow isthmus. There are several villages on the Mullet peninsula including Aughleam, Elly, Corclough and Binghamstown. It is about 33 km long and 12 km wide at its widest parts, and about 50 metres at the narrowest part. Its northernmost point is Erris Head. The peninsula's doglegged shape forms two bays, Blacksod Bay and Broadhaven Bay.
The Mullet Peninsula is part of the Mayo Gaeltacht, meaning that Irish is the most common language. The area has several Irish-language summer schools. The Mullet is popular with tourists who find miles upon miles of uncluttered white sandy beaches and a mild climate; chief attractions include golf, watersports, kiting, boating and fishing, particularly sea-angling.
Name.
The origin of the names "Mullet" and "an Mhuirthead" is not clear. They may have come from Irish "Muileat" or "an Mhuileat", which has been translated as "(the) isthmus". Bernard O'Hara in "Mayo: Aspects of its Heritage" suggests that "A change from 'L' to 'R', which is quite common in Irish" may have resulted in a change to "an Mhuireat", which in turn became "an Mhuirthead". It has also been suggested that the name may be from English and refer to the fish or the star shape used in heraldry.
Antiquities and places of interest.
Despite its apparent sandy 'barrenness', the Mullet Peninsula has much to offer in way of interesting historical artefacts. The parish of Kilcommon which lies to the northeast of the Mullet has more visible prehistoric monuments such as in-situ megalithic tombs.
Several islands lie off the coast of the Mullet peninsula including the Inishkea Islands, Inishglora and Duvillaun. There are lighthouses on other small islands off the coast at Blackrock and Eagle Island.
The Saint Deirbhle heritage centre based at Aughleam near the southern end of the peninsula has a collection of books and historical information on the area. The saint's old church and St. Deirbhile's Well, where it is alleged that a cure for eye problems can be acquired, is a couple of miles from the Centre.
Ocean wave energy test site.
In the northwest of the Mullet peninsula a site for testing full-scale ocean wave power devices has been selected between Frenchport Pier, Annagh Head and Cross. This site will be the first time full-scale devices have been tested off the west coast of Ireland. Prototypes have been tank tested in Cork and scaled models have undergone testing near Spiddal in Galway Bay in recent years. The wave energy potential in the Atlantic Ocean between North Mayo and West Donegal is one of the best in the world for the development of this exciting new renewable energy technology. Several device types will be tested off the Mullet Peninsula.
Transport.
Bus Éireann route 446 links the peninsula with Belmullet, Bangor Erris, Bellacorick, Crossmolina and Ballina. There is one service a day in each direction, including Sundays. On Friday evenings an extra journey operates from Ballina. Onward bus and rail connections are available at Ballina.

</doc>
<doc id="2928783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928783" title="Jimmy Melia">
Jimmy Melia

Jimmy Melia (born Liverpool, Merseyside, England on 1 November 1937) is a former English footballer who spent most of his career playing for Liverpool and went on to become a manager.
Playing career.
Liverpool.
Jimmy joined the Reds straight from St. Anthony's School as a 15-year old, when manager Don Welsh saw the potential in the young schoolboy international's feet, he signed professional forms on his 17th birthday, 1 November 1954. After 23 appearances for Liverpool's reserve team, he made his début aged 18 on 17 December 1955 at Anfield in a 2nd Division fixture against Nottingham Forest. The visitors came up against an in form Billy Liddell who scored a hat-trick in the 5–2 victory, Jimmy also scored his first goal for the club in the 48th minute, John Evans got the other.
Although Jimmy received rave reviews about his performance, Welsh held him back and brought him in to the set up slowly; it wasn't until the following season that he got a real run in the side starting 27 matches. Melia followed this up with a 36 match season scoring 10 goals; he had made his name and would be difficult to shift.
Melia, along with the rest of the staff at Anfield, would feel dejection three seasons on the run as they just missed out on promotion on each occasion. It was all too much for manager Phil Taylor who resigned in 1959. He was followed by the man who would return Liverpool to the top division, Bill Shankly.
Shankly liked Melia and used him as part of his plan for Liverpool to rule English football. The first attempt at promotion fell short again by eight points as Cardiff City finished second behind champions Aston Villa. The frustration continued in 1960–61 as, for a fifth straight time, Liverpool finished third, seven points adrift of winners Ipswich Town and six short of Sheffield United.
Something had to change to break the third spot hoodoo, so Shankly went north of the border to buy Ian St John from Motherwell and Ron Yeats from Dundee United. These two along with the likes of Alan A'Court, Gerry Byrne, Gordon Milne, Ian Callaghan, Ronnie Moran, Roger Hunt and Melia, who was an ever-present, scoring thirteen goals, would help guide the club to the second Division title by a clear eight points over Leyton Orient.
Melia flourished in the first Division and played thirty nine times as Liverpool finished a very respectable eighth place. Unfortunately for the red half of Merseyside Everton won the league and were seventeen points better.
During this spell Jimmy caught the eye of England manager Alf Ramsey who gave him his debut on 6 April 1963 in the 2–1 British Championship loss at Wembley to Scotland. Melia's one and only goal came in his second and final appearance for his country, on 5 June 1963 at St. Jakob Park, Basel as England beat Switzerland 8–1.
The next season Liverpool won the championship by four points from Manchester United. Melia, now aged 27, could add a championship medal to the second division title medal he already owned. By this time, however, he had joined Wolves, moving in March 1964 for a club record transfer fee of £48,000, but had played enough games for Liverpool to get the medal.
Wolverhampton Wanderers.
His stay in the Midlands was a short one. While he had a good run in the first team, this came to an abrupt end when manager Stan Cullis was sacked and replaced by Andy Beattie. Beattie decided that Melia was not the type of player he wanted and quickly offloaded him to Southampton.
Southampton.
In December 1964, Melia was signed for a fee of £30000 by Southampton's manager Ted Bates "who was keen to acquire his scheming visionary skills". Melia was reluctant to move to the south coast, but when he was eventually persuaded, "Saints' (then) record signing added finesse" to the midfield. Although Saints missed out on promotion at the end of the 1964–65 season, Melia linked up well with Terry Paine and Martin Chivers in the following season, helping them to promotion from Division 2, finishing five points behind champions Manchester City.
He remained an ever-present for Southampton in their first season in Division 1, as they narrowly hung on to their place in the top flight, with Melia's crosses helping Ron Davies and Martin Chivers score 37 and 14 goals respectively, adding four for himself, the best being a header in a 2–1 victory over Arsenal on 27 December 1966.
He continued to make a valuable contribution to the team but lost his place to Mick Channon and in November 1968 he moved on to Aldershot for a £10000 fee and the player managers job.
In his four years at The Dell he made a total of 152 appearances, scoring twelve goals
Management career.
Aldershot and Crewe Alexandra.
Melia joined Aldershot as player-coach in November 1968, taking the management position in April 1969. Melia moved on from Aldershot in February 1972 to take up a similar role at Crewe Alexandra; after retiring as a player in May 1972, he took on the managerial role at Gresty Road full-time. While at Aldershot, Melia gained a reputation for his hard-hitting and occasionally controversial column in the club's match day programme.
Brighton & Hove Albion.
He went on to manage Brighton & Hove Albion during the 1982–83 season - being promoted from his former role as Albion's chief scout - where his greatest managerial feat occurred when he took them to the 1983 FA Cup Final. The run took Melia back to his old stomping ground of Anfield where a goal from another ex-Liverpool player Jimmy Case won the game. During the cup run Melia became famous for his 'disco' style of dress and his glamorous younger girlfriend, Val Lloyd. Brighton drew the final, and then lost the replay, to Manchester United and were also relegated from the first division. Melia, who had only been appointed as an interim manager, resigned his post on 19 October 1983, reportedly due to his disdain at backroom meddling by first-team coach Chris Cattlin.
After Brighton.
Melia went on to spells in charge of Southport, Portuguese side Belenenses and Stockport County.
In 1989 Jimmy had a stint in youth training when he travelled to Sharjah in the United Arab Emirates where he set up an academy. He currently coaches youth teams for Liverpool FC America in The Colony, Texas, after joining them in 2008. He had gone to America to coach in the 1970s, as an assistant to Laurie Callaway with the Southern California Lazers in 1978 and head coach of the Cleveland Cobras in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="2928794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928794" title="White Cane Safety Day">
White Cane Safety Day

White Cane Safety Day is a national observance in the United States, celebrated on October 15 of each year since 1964. The date is set aside to celebrate the achievements of people who are blind or visually impaired and the important symbol of blindness and tool of independence, the white cane.
On October 6, 1964, a joint resolution of the U.S. Congress, , was signed into law as , and codified at . This resolution authorized the President of the United States to proclaim October 15 of each year as "White Cane Safety Day".
President Lyndon B. Johnson signed the first White Cane Safety Day proclamation within hours of the passage of the joint resolution.
In 2011, White Cane Safety Day was also named Blind Americans Equality Day by President Barack Obama.

</doc>
<doc id="2928827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928827" title="Dorothy Zbornak">
Dorothy Zbornak

Dorothy Zbornak (née Petrillo, Hollingsworth as of series finale) is a fictional character from the TV series "The Golden Girls", portrayed by Bea Arthur for 7 years and 183 episodes. Dorothy was the strong, smart, sarcastic, sometimes intimidating, and arguably most grounded of the four women in the house. Even though tough, she is very friendly, polite and does geniunely care for the other girls. In the 1000th issue of "Entertainment Weekly", Dorothy Zbornak was selected as the Grandma for "The Perfect TV Family."
Family.
Dorothy Petrillo was born in New York, New York, in July or August 1929 (though her age was stated as being 60 in the last season, this birth year would actually make her 63, and in an episode she says that she is a Leo, and in episode 5 in season 3, Sophia says Dorothy was conceived in 1931, after Sophia's and Salvadore's first argument as newlyweds.), to Italian immigrants Sophia (Estelle Getty, who was actually a year younger than Arthur) and Salvadore Petrillo, and was nicknamed "Pussycat" by her mother, and "Spumoni Face" by her father. She has two younger siblings: brother Phil, a cross-dresser, who died later in the show's run; and a sister, Gloria, who was nicknamed "Kitten" and married into money, and with whom Dorothy was sometimes estranged. In the fourth season episode "Foreign Exchange", Dorothy wondered whether she is the biological daughter of the Petrillos, since Dominic and Philomena Bosco claimed that the hospital switched babies. However, in the third season episode "Mother's Day," Sophia Petrillo's mother is also played by Bea Arthur, so it is implied that Dorothy and Sophia are biologically related (though in one episode Dorothy states that her grandmother was 94 when she was only 6, though it is never made clear if it is her paternal or maternal grandmother. However she also states that she was in a wheelchair, which her maternal grandmother was.). In that episode and three others which took place in Dorothy's young adulthood, Dorothy Zbornak was portrayed by a tall, dark-haired actress named Lynnie Greene. In the episode "Clinton Avenue Memoirs," Dorothy was shown as a young child (played by Jandi Swanson) jealous of the attention that her parents were giving to her baby brother Phil, until her father tells her that he loves her very much.
She was a "bookworm", and an over-achiever in high school. Yet, she suffered from low self-esteem, in part because one previous boyfriend was emotionally abusive, while another one supposedly stood her up on the night of her prom (he later returns as a character played by Hal Linden). In reality, he did show up, but was disrespectful toward Sophia, who did not like the way he was dressed or his attitude, and turned him away, without telling Dorothy. Dejected, she later accepted a date with Stanley Zbornak (Herb Edelman) because she "felt she couldn't do any better". She became pregnant while still in high school, resulting in a shotgun wedding to Stan possibly in 1946 (however, in the Season 5 episode titled "An Illegitimate Concern," Dorothy states that her wedding date was June 1, 1949). The marriage produced two children: Kate and Michael, who both appeared on the show. However, possible continuity errors on the show make either of them far too young to be the result of Dorothy's teenage pregnancy. The child of that pregnancy would have been in their late 30s to mid 40s during the show's run, while Michael and Kate were clearly depicted as being in their 20s.
Stan and Dorothy eventually moved to Miami, but divorced after 38 years when Stan fell for a stewardess named Chrissy and ran off to Maui with her. In the first season episode "The Return of Dorothy's Ex," Stan mentions how they bought property together when honeymooning in Miami. Dorothy and Stan were frequently mentioned to have been married for 38 years at the time of their divorce, which occurred some time shortly before the show's 1985 premiere; However, in the episode ""An Illegitimate Concern"" Dorothy specifically mentions June 1, 1949 as her wedding date, making it impossible that she and Stan were married for 38 years. They would eventually make several attempts to reconcile, but never ultimately got back together.
Career.
Dorothy worked as a high school substitute teacher of English and American History (her major in college). She also taught a night-school course for adults wishing to complete their high school equivalency.
Dorothy also had summer and part-time jobs, which included tutoring and working alongside Blanche at the museum and as a writer for the "Mister Terrific Show" at the television station that employed Rose Nylund.
Characteristics.
While often mocked as a manly and sexually unattractive woman by her two roommate friends due to her height, deep voice and somewhat severe features, Dorothy is also in possession of many talents. In one episode, she is able to upstage Blanche at the latter's favorite bar, the Rusty Anchor, with her singing, winning the admiration of Blanche's many suitors. At another point, remembering how funny she could be in high school, Dorothy tries her hand at doing stand-up comedy, in the end winning over her audience by poking fun at her own life and bringing up such subjects as menopause with its hot flashes.
She is often very humble, and it is usually rare that she ever brags about herself. Dorothy can be comedically sarcastic, especially towards her less-than-sophisticated roommate, Rose, and man-obsessed Blanche. They can laugh at each other's remarks without hurt feelings, much of the time. Dorothy's mother Sophia has a tendency to "borrow" money from her, often without Dorothy's permission. Dorothy regards her roommates as family. She is very comforting and loving to them, giving them good advice. However, there are times when Rose and Blanche are scared of her, specifically when she gets angry. Blanche once reminded Rose of the time the latter had lost Dorothy's keys, to which Rose responded that Dorothy had "uprooted a mighty sequoia." When Blanche considered that she and Rose should defy Dorothy, she made a list of questions, such as "Can she intimidate us?" and several other possibilities. Rose replied, "Blanche, she can do all those things!"
During the run of the show, it is implied that Dorothy is likely a Democrat due in part to her liberal views, although she never announces her party affiliation. She has a Michael Dukakis bumper sticker (covering a Walter Mondale bumper sticker) and planned to confront then-President George H.W. Bush when he visited Miami, ignoring warnings from her mother and friends. When Bush did come, she was so shocked at actually meeting him that she couldn't say anything.
Major events.
After her divorce from Stanley Zbornak, in which she kept her married surname, Dorothy Zbornak moved into a house in Miami, Florida, with widows Blanche Devereaux (owner / co-owner (all the girls decided that they should all own the house in one episode due to the building codes) of the house, played by Rue McClanahan) and Rose Nylund (Betty White). Shortly thereafter, Dorothy's mother, Sophia Petrillo, moved in after her nursing home, Shady Pines, burned down. This was a running gag during the show's run, where Sophia would often refer to Shady Pines as a prison, and Dorothy would defend it as a lovely retirement village. Other times, when Dorothy would become exasperated with her mother or try to get Sophia to listen to her, Dorothy would threaten "Shady Pines, Ma!", after which Sophia would immediately fall in line. Dorothy shared a unique relationship with her roommates, one often laced with her famously sardonic comments; the four shared a home for seven years, and in more than one episode it was pointed out that, despite a lack of blood ties, they were as much a family as any other household.
During the course of the show, Dorothy saw both of her children get married: Kate, to a podiatrist named Dennis, and Michael to a woman named Lorraine, a singer in his band, whom he had gotten pregnant. Lorraine was African American, and almost twice Michael's age, which initially did not sit well with Dorothy because she felt Lorraine was far too old for Michael (Lorraine's family didn't want her to marry Michael because he was white). Kate's husband, Dennis, cheated on her at one point, but she ultimately forgave him, almost causing Dorothy and Kate to stop speaking, but they also quickly reconciled. Lorraine left Michael later in the series, and there was no specific mention of his child with Lorraine (Dorothy's grandchild) thereafter. Before Lorraine, Michael had previously slept with Rose's daughter Bridget. Dorothy did have grandchildren, but it was never specified whether they were Michael's or Kate's children.
Like the other women living in the house, Dorothy had her fair share of romances, with her love life often coming into criticism by her mother. Ex-husband Stanley made regular attempts throughout the series to "win her back," and at one point nearly re-married Dorothy, though she called it off after Stanley and his lawyer, the famed Marvin Mitchelson, presented her with a pre-nuptial agreement to sign.
Some of Dorothy's suitors turned out to have less-than-virtuous characters. Elliot Clayton, a respected doctor, made a pass at Blanche, and when Blanche told Dorothy about it, Dorothy accused Blanche of making it all up, and wanting Elliot for herself. Blanche, deeply hurt that Dorothy would believe Elliot's word over hers, announced she was kicking Dorothy out of the house, and this would have ended their friendship for good had Rose not exposed Elliot for the liar he was on the day Dorothy was set to move out. During the battle, one of Dorothy's classic lines was: ""It's not enough that you've had half of the men in Dade County, you have to have everyone else's men, it's PATHETIC!""
Yet another incident which put her at odds with Blanche was when she dated Stan's brother, Ted (McLean Stevenson). She was so angered that Blanche didn't want to see anyone but herself happy, she angrily told Blanche, ""Blanche, have you seen the latest ad campaigns? Join the Navy, see the world, sleep with Blanche Devereaux; Join the Army, be all you can be, and sleep with Blanche Devereaux; the Marines are looking for a few good men who have NOT slept with Blanche Devereaux!""
Another suitor turned out to be a married man, Glen O'Brien (portrayed by Alex Rocco in the first season); Dorothy broke off the relationship when she remembered how much it had hurt to be cheated on by Stanley. She dated Glen again a few years later (this time portrayed by Jerry Orbach) when he was divorced, but she broke off with him again because she felt that the only reason he wanted to be with her was that he didn't like being divorced and alone. Yet another prospect, named Eddie (John Fiedler), was the best lover Dorothy ever had, but Dorothy broke up with Eddie as well because their relationship never progressed past the physical stage. Her high-school teacher, Mr. Malcolm Gordon (James T. Callahan), whom she'd had a crush on, came back into her life many years later, only to plagiarize and take credit for an article that she had written. Stan's brother, Ted Zbornak(McLean Stevenson), told her that he had had a crush on her since they were young. They then "spent the night" together, nearly destroying her friendship with Blanche, who had gone out with Ted earlier that night. Later, Ted asked Dorothy to baby-sit the children of a stewardess that he wanted to date, making Dorothy feel humiliated. However, Dorothy got her revenge when she announced to everyone that he was impotent.
A few other suitors were portrayed by well-known actors, including Dick Van Dyke and Leslie Nielsen. Leslie Nielsen played Lucas Hollingsworth, Blanche's uncle (her father's brother), whom Dorothy later married. Blanche was excited to hear that he was coming to visit her in Miami, but, because of a previous engagement (a supposedly very important tennis date), she pawned him off on Dorothy. The date was rather dull, and both Dorothy and Lucas were angered with Blanche for her inconsiderate attitude. To get even with her, Dorothy and Lucas decided to fake an engagement. They played it up for weeks, angering and annoying Blanche. However, during the ruse, Dorothy and Lucas fell in love for real, he proposed, and she accepted. Despite Stan's hope to derail the marriage, he took her to the church in style (in a limo), and although he wanted to say something, he didn't. With that, Dorothy moved to Hollingsworth Manor in Atlanta, and moved on with her life. At first, Sophia was to move with her, but she decided to remain in Miami with Blanche and Rose (they all later opened a hotel named "The Golden Palace" and a spin off was also named "The Golden Palace").
In spite of her strengths, Dorothy does have phobias, namely hospitals and flying. She eventually manages to conquer these fears, however, with help from her friends.
The series showed a social awareness in various episodes. A two-part episode involved Dorothy suffering from extreme exhaustion, which was ultimately determined to be Chronic Fatigue Syndrome; Susan Harris, the show's co-writer, also suffered from the then largely unrecognized condition. In an earlier episode, Dorothy's lesbian friend, Jean (portrayed by former Miss America semifinalist Lois Nettleton), came to Miami for a visit and struck up a friendship with Rose, with whom Jean suspected she was falling in love. Dorothy was also shown to have a recurring gambling problem that eventually caused her to seek help through Gamblers Anonymous. She started smoking cigarettes again after quitting many years earlier, because of stress from her job and her mother's re-marriage. Presumably, she was able to kick the habit, since we never see her with a cigarette again.
In the episode "Stan Takes A Wife," Dorothy states that she is a Leo during a conversation. This information, combined with her birth year of 1929, means that she is 56 when the first season begins and 63 when the final season of The Golden Girls goes off the air.
Dorothy also appeared in the two-part episode of "The Golden Palace", "Seems Like Old Times"; she is revealed to still be married to Lucas, who does not appear, although Dorothy is shown speaking to him on the telephone. She appeared in one episode of "Empty Nest," entitled "Dumped," in which her favorite nephew Jim dumps Barbara (Kristy McNichol).
According to the episode "Mary Has A Little Lamb," Dorothy's childhood nickname was "Moose."
Additional Appearances.
Outside "The Golden Girls", Dorothy appears in the "Empty Nest" episode "Dumped" and the two-part "Golden Palace" episode "Seems Like Old Times".

</doc>
<doc id="2928845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928845" title="Essay, Orne">
Essay, Orne

Essay is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France. The town is mainly known nowadays for its motorsports tracks*.

</doc>
<doc id="2928848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928848" title="Jim Keith">
Jim Keith

Jim Keith (September 21, 1949 – September 7, 1999). American author best known for the books "Black Helicopters Over America" and "The Octopus", co-written with Kenn Thomas, which details conspiracy theories around the death of reporter Danny Casolaro. The book is based on the notes of Danny Casolaro, who reportedly killed himself, although Keith and Thomas examine the case for foul play in their book.
Keith authored popular books on conspiracy topics, including "Mind Control/World Control", "Black Helicopters I and II", "OK Bomb", "Saucers of the Illuminati", "Casebook on Alternative 3", "Casebook on the Men In Black" and many others and his views are considered unapologetically controversial. 
One of the underlying themes of Keith's works is that the UFO phenomenon is, in fact, of entirely earthly origin and has its roots within a parallel program of technological development. Keith maintained a steadfast commitment to the earthly-origin theory, and he believed that there was a concerted effort to put forth the extraterrestrial hypothesis into the public consciousness. 
Keith began in publishing in the literary magazine scene of science-fiction fandom in the early 1960s. He published and edited many magazines over the years, including several semi-professional publications, particularly: "Why?", "Skyline: Klamath Falls" and "Dharma Combat: The Magazine of Spirituality, Reality and Other Conspiracies." Keith was also the author of numerous erotic novels, publishing several in the early nineties with Masquerade Books. His nonfiction books have been translated into several languages.
In 1970, after publishing an article on Dianetics in his sci-fi fanzine "Untitled" (co-edited with Jerry E. Smith and Larry Neilson) Keith became fascinated with Scientology. He later worked on the staff of local Scientology Missions in Riverside, California and Reno, Nevada. In the early 1990s he left Scientology after being introduced to the Harry Palmer (Avatar) material.
In September, 1999, Jim Keith fell from a stage and broke his knee at the 1999 Burning Man Arts Festival held from August 30 - September 7 at the Black Rock Desert in Nevada about 120 miles north of his hometown of Reno. On September 7, he entered the Washoe Medical hospital for knee surgery and died in the Intensive Care Unit shortly after surgery was completed when a blood clot released and entered his lung. The coroner's report listed cause of death as "blunt force trauma." Cryptically, Keith stated, prior to his death, "I have this feeling that if they put me under I'm not coming back". He is survived by two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="2928852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928852" title="A.S.D. Calcio Ivrea">
A.S.D. Calcio Ivrea

Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Calcio Ivrea commonly referred to as A.S.D. Calcio Ivrea or simply Ivrea is an Italian association football club, based in Ivrea, Piedmont that plays in the regional Eccellenza.
The club founded in 1901 as U.S. Ivrea Calcio was refounded in 2010, after its dissolution the previous year, as A.S.D. Montalto Ivrea after that "U.S.D. Montaltese" has transferred the seat from Montalto Dora to this town. In 2012 the club was renamed with the current name.
History.
U.S. Ivrea Calcio.
Unione Sportiva Ivrea Calcio was founded in 1901, with its Football Division founded in 1918.
Seasons from 2005-06 to 2008-09.
"U.S. Ivrea Calcio" played 2005-2006 in Serie C2/A, and won the promotion play-offs beating A.C. Carpenedolo in the finals, being therefore promoted to Serie C1, but promptly relegated after having lost the relegation play-out the next season.
In the summer 2009, the club failed, to register in Lega Pro Seconda Divisione and disbanded.
From A.S.D. Montalto Ivrea to A.S.D. Calcio Ivrea.
A.S.D. Montalto Ivrea.
In the summer 2010 "U.S.D. Montaltese", after the 9th place in 2009-10 Promozione Piedmont and Aosta Valley group B, has transferred its seat from Montalto Dora to Ivrea and was renmaed A.S.D. Montalto Ivrea, after the dissolution of the historical "U.S. Ivrea Calcio" the previous year.
In the season 2010-11 it plays always in Promozione Piedmont and Aosta Valley group B ranking 2nd in the league and 3rd in the subsequent play offs.
In the season 2011-12 it was promoted to Eccellenza after winning the group B of Promozione Piedmont and Aosta Valley group B, also conquering the regional Scudetto of Promozione.
A.S.D. Calcio Ivrea.
In the summer 2012 the club that plays in Eccellenza Piedmont and Aosta Valley group A was renamed A.S.D. Calcio Ivrea, thus becoming the new "Ivrea".
Colors and badge.
The team's color is orange.

</doc>
<doc id="2928853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928853" title="Lansdown, Bath">
Lansdown, Bath

Lansdown is a suburb of the World Heritage City of Bath, England, that extends northwards from the city centre up a hill of the same name. Among its most distinctive architectural features are Lansdown Crescent and Sion Hill Place, which includes a campus of Bath Spa University. 
The Battle of Lansdowne (1643) was fought in the vicinity and is commemorated by Sir Bevil Grenville's Monument (1720) on Lansdown Hill. Also on the hill is Beckford's Tower, an architectural folly built in neo-classical style for William Thomas Beckford in 1827.
Lansdown Cricket Club, founded in 1825 and the oldest club in Somerset, originally played at a ground called "Cricket Down" next to the original racecourse on the top of Lansdown Hill and close to Beckford's Tower (the current Bath Racecourse is about a mile to the west); later the club moved into Bath at the Sydenham Field, and when that was built over by the Midland Railway in 1869 it moved to its current ground at Combe Park, which is in Lower Weston.

</doc>
<doc id="2928860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928860" title="Law and Gospel">
Law and Gospel

In Protestant Christianity, the relationship between Law and Gospel—God's Law and the Gospel of Jesus Christ—is a major topic in Lutheran and Reformed theology. In these traditions, the distinction between the doctrines of Law, which demands obedience to God's ethical will, and Gospel, which promises the forgiveness of sins in light of the person and work of Jesus Christ, is critical. It is used as a hermeneutical principle of biblical interpretation and a guiding principle in homiletics (sermon composition) and pastoral care. It is the supersession of the Old Covenant (including traditional Jewish law, or halakha) by the New Covenant and Christian theology.
Other Christian groups have a view on the issue as well, or more generally views of the Old Covenant, though it has not usually been as hotly debated or rigorously defined as in the Lutheran and Reformed traditions.
Sometimes the issue is discussed under the headings of "Law and Grace," "Sin and Grace," "Spirit and Letter," and "ministry (, "diakonia") of death/condemnation" and "ministry of the Spirit/righteousness".
Lutheran view.
Martin Luther and Lutheran theologians.
A specific formulation of the distinction of Law and Gospel was first brought to the attention of the Christian Church by Martin Luther (1483–1546), and laid down as the foundation of evangelical Lutheran biblical exegesis and exposition in Article 4 of the Apology of the Augsburg Confession (1531): "All Scripture ought to be distributed into these two principal topics, the Law and the promises. For in some places it presents the Law, and in others the promise concerning Christ, namely, either when the Old Testament it promises that Christ will come, and offers, for His sake, the remission of sins, justification, and life eternal, or when, in the Gospel the New Testament, Christ Himself, since He has appeared, promises the remission of sins, justification, and life eternal.". The Formula of Concord likewise affirmed this distinction in Article V, where it states: "We believe, teach, and confess that the distinction between the Law and the Gospel is to be maintained in the Church with great diligence..."
Martin Luther wrote: "Hence, whoever knows well this art of distinguishing between Law and Gospel, him place at the head and call him a doctor of Holy Scripture." Throughout the Lutheran Age of Orthodoxy (1580–1713) this hermeneutical discipline was considered foundational and important by Lutheran theologians.
This distinction was the first article in “Patrick`s Places“ (1528) by Patrick Hamilton.
Carl Ferdinand Wilhelm Walther (1811–1887), who was the first (and third) president of the Lutheran Church - Missouri Synod, renewed interest in and attention to this theological skill in his evening lectures at Concordia Seminary, St. Louis 1884-85.
Book of Concord.
The Formula of Concord distinguished three uses, or purposes, in the Law in Article VI. It states: "he Law was given to men for three reasons. . ."
The primary concern was to maintain that the Law should continue to be used by Christians after they had been regenerated by the Holy Spirit through the Gospel to counter the doctrine of Johannes Agricola, who taught that the Law was no longer needed by regenerate Christians."
Briefly summarized they are:
Reformed view.
The distinction between law and gospel is a standard formulation in Reformed theology, though in recent years some have characterized it as distinctively Lutheran. Zacharias Ursinus sharply contrasted the law and gospel as "the chief and general divisions of the holy scriptures" in his commentary on the Heidelberg Catechism. Louis Berkhof called the law and the gospel "the two parts of the Word of God as a means of grace." Law and Gospel are found in both testaments.
In his "Institutes of the Christian Religion", the Reformer John Calvin distinguished three uses in the Law. Calvin wrote the following: "o make the whole matter clearer, let us survey briefly the function and use of what is called the 'moral law.' Now, so far as I understand it, it consists of three parts."
This scheme is the same as the Formula of Concord, with the exception that the first and second uses are transposed.
In later Reformed scholasticism the order is the same as for Lutherans. The three uses are called:
Lutheran and Reformed differences.
Scholastic Lutheran and Reformed theologians differed primarily on the way in which the third use functions for believers. The Reformed emphasized the third use ("tertius usus legis") because the redeemed are expected to bear good works. Some Lutherans saw here the danger of works-righteousness, and argued that the third use should always return believers to the second use and again to Christ rather than being the ultimate norm.
Additionally, some have suggested that the third use of the law is not found at all in Luther but comes from Melanchthon. Although some Lutherans have rejected that view, it has caused others to dispute the validity of the "third use" of the Law entirely. Paul Althaus, for instance, writes in his treatise on Law and Gospel: "This guidance by the Holy Spirit implies that God's concrete commanding cannot be read off from a written document, an inherited scheme of law. I must learn afresh every day what God wants of me. For God's commanding has a special character for each individual: it is always contemporary, always new. God commands me (and each person) in a particular way, in a different way than He commands others... The living and spiritual character of the knowledge of what God requires of men in the present moment must not be destroyed by rules and regulations." Such theologians believe the third use leads to or encourages a form of legalism and is possibly an implicit denial of sola fide. Conversely, Reformed Christians have sometimes seen this two-use scheme of some modern Lutherans as leading to a form of antinomianism.
Some believe that "for Luther the pedagogic use of the Law was primary, while for Calvin this third or didactic use was the principal one; yet both the Lutheran and the Reformed traditions maintain the threefold conceptualization."
Imperative and indicative.
Certain recurring grammatical patterns in the Old Testament and in the New involving the sequencing of imperative and indicative predicates are taken by theologians as central to the relationship between Law and Gospel. Daniel Defoe discusses three pairs of these predicates in his second and final sequel to "Robinson Crusoe", "Serious Reflections" (1720): "forbear and live", "do and live", "believe and live". According to Defoe, the first was established with Adam in paradise, the second as the Law with the children of Israel, and the third as the Gospel of Jesus Christ.
Further reading.
Lutheran
Reformed

</doc>
<doc id="2928862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928862" title="Metropolitan Railway F Class">
Metropolitan Railway F Class

The Metropolitan Railway F class was a class of 0-6-2T side tank steam locomotive. They were based on the earlier E Class. Four locomotives, numbered 90 to 93 were built by Yorkshire Engine Company in 1901. They were later numbered L49 to L52.
Service.
The F Class were intended to work freight trains over the Metropolitan Railway mainline.
Withdrawal.
All remained with London Transport until withdrawn and scrapped between 1957 and 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="2928864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928864" title="Boi-ngo">
Boi-ngo

Boi-ngo (also known as BOI-NGO) is the fifth studio album by Oingo Boingo, released in 1987. It has a similar musical style to "Dead Man's Party" (1985) with refined studio production, but with fewer party-friendly compositions. Its original proposed title was "More Nervous Energy". It was also released in a limited edition box set, titled "Boingo in a Box", consisting of five 7-inch vinyl records with one track on each side. The box set featured an additional studio track "Mama" that was not included in the standard LP, CD or cassette releases. Radio interviews and demo tapes from the period indicate that the song "Cinderella Undercover" was recorded but again cut from the album; it was initially considered to appear on "Only A Lad" (1981). Both songs were subsequently re-recorded for the live album "Boingo Alive" in 1988. The track "Home Again" appears over the end credits in the movies "Wisdom" and "Home Alone 3". The track "We Close Our Eyes" was covered by "Allister" for the film "Sleepover (film)".

</doc>
<doc id="2928865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928865" title="Context-sensitive help">
Context-sensitive help

Context-sensitive help is a kind of online help that is obtained from a specific point in the state of the software, providing help for the situation that is associated with that state.
Context-sensitive help, as opposed to general online help or online manuals, doesn't need to be accessible for reading as a whole. Each topic is supposed to describe extensively one state, situation, or feature of the software.
Context-sensitive help can be implemented using tooltips, which either provide a terse description of a GUI widget or display a complete topic from the help file. Other commonly used ways to access context-sensitive help start by clicking a button. One way uses a per widget button that displays the help immediately. Another way changes the pointer shape to a question mark, and then, after the user clicks a widget, the help appears.
Context-sensitive help is most used in, but is not limited to, GUI environments. Examples include Apple's System 7 Balloon help, Microsoft's WinHelp, OS/2's INF Help, Panviva's SupportPoint, or Sun's JavaHelp.
A similar topic is embedded help, which can be thought of as a "deeper" context-sensitive help. It generally goes beyond basic explanations or manual clicks by either detecting a user's need for help or offering a guided explanation in situ. Embedded help is not to be confused with a software wizard.

</doc>
<doc id="2928871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928871" title="Return on net assets">
Return on net assets

The return on net assets (RONA) is a measure of financial performance of a company which takes the use of assets into account. Higher RONA means that the company is using its assets and working capital efficiently and effectively.
Basic formulae.
Return on net assets = net income / (Fixed assets + working capital)
where Working capital = (current assets minus current liabilities)
In a manufacturing sector this is also calculated as:
Return on net assets = (plant revenue - costs) / net assets

</doc>
<doc id="2928881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928881" title="Bay Meadows Racetrack">
Bay Meadows Racetrack

Bay Meadows was a horse racing track in San Mateo, California, in the San Francisco Bay Area in the United States.
History.
Built on the site of an old airfield, Bay Meadows Racecourse was the longest continually operating thoroughbred racetrack in California, having been founded on November 13, 1934 until its closure on August 17, 2008. The innovative William P. Kyne introduced pari-mutuel wagering, the popular Daily Double, the first all-enclosed starting gate, the totalizator board and the photo-finish camera at Bay Meadows. 
Prior to the track's closure, the Bay Meadows Handicap had been the longest continually run stakes event in California, having been started in 1934. Seabiscuit won this race twice: 1937 and 1938. The track was allowed to remain open during World War II because of its agreement to give 92% of its profits towards the war effort. The track generated more than $4 million for War Relief projects during the war years. Its ability to run during the war accounts for its status as the longest continually operating US racetrack. In 1945, the first racehorse to be transported by plane, El Lobo, was set down in the parking lot.
In 1948, the eventual Hall of Fame jockey, Bill Shoemaker, began his career by exercising horses on this track. He won his first stakes race here in 1949.
In 1950 and 1951 the Bay Meadows 150 AAA Indy Car race was run at the track. 
In 1954, 1955, and 1956 the track was used for NASCAR. 
All of the exterior scenes in Stanley Kubrick's 1956 heist movie The Killing were filmed at Bay Meadows. The track was renamed as Landsdowne for the movie, but the Bay Meadows name is visible in at least one early scene of the movie. 
Bay Meadows' racing season began in August with the San Mateo County Fair portion of the meet, which ran two weeks. This was followed by a short break of a few days; until recently this break avoided conflict with the first week-and-a-half of the California State Fair horse race meet. Racing picked up again on Labor Day Weekend (or thereabouts) with the main throroughbred meet, which was split into two parts—one in the fall, the other in the spring/early summer (Golden Gate Fields' meet took place in the interim in the winter/early spring).
Throughout its history, Bay Meadows has also hosted harness and quarter horse racing meets, but due to the low revenue such events generate, those events were not run in the last years of the track. At the end, Bay Meadows focused exclusively on thoroughbred racing. Olden Times, Silky Sullivan, Citation, John Henry, Round Table, and Lost in the Fog have raced here. In 1954, Determine won the Bay Meadows Derby and then went to take the Kentucky Derby. Wild Again ran at Bay Meadows in 1984 and then went on to win the Breeders' Cup Classic. On December 1, 2006, jockey Russell Baze won the fourth race to pass Laffit Pincay, Jr. as the winningest rider in thoroughbred horse racing.
There was talk through the 2000s of demolishing Bay Meadows due to plans to build an entirely new race track near Dixon, California to replace the San Mateo race track and Bay Meadows remained open on a year-by-year case basis. The Bay Meadows Phase II Specific Plan Amendment was adopted by the city council of the city of San Mateo on November 7, 2005 [http://www.ci.sanmateo.ca.us/dept/planning/bay_meadows/bmspa.html]. The plan calls for of office space, 1,250 residential units, of retail space, and of public parks, as well as a rebuilt Hillsdale Caltrain station near the site of the old Bay Meadows Caltrain station.
Closure.
After the track failed to acquire a 2-year extension of the deadline to replace its dirt oval with an artificial surface for the safety of the horses from the California Horse Racing Board, it was announced that Bay Meadows intended to close November 4, 2006 immediately following its summer-fall season.
On July 3, 2007 the California Horse Racing Board unanimously voted to approve a one-year exemption for Bay Meadows to continue horse racing in 2008 on its current racing surface. Bay Meadows was open to race for its last Spring Meet, February 6, 2008 thru May 11, 2008. From May 14 to August 4, simulcasting occurred in Bay Meadows every open day, with free parking on August 4, free admission on August 11, and both on August 18.There were ten final race dates run in August 2008 for the San Mateo County Fair, with the last official race occurring on August 17, 2008. The last day Bay Meadows was open for simulcasting was on August 18, 2008.
An auction for Bay Meadows paintings occurred from August 23 to August 25. 
Construction began on a housing and commercial development in September 2008. Criticism from local newspapers and community groups came when after the demolition of the grandstand and clubhouse, debris waiting to be recycled was left in "unsightly" piles on the site for several months.
Physical attributes.
Bay Meadows had a dirt oval and a seven furlong [] turf oval. The track had a total seating capacity of 12,000 and had stabling for 900 horses on site.
Racing.
Bay Meadows had the following graded stakes events:
And the following important ungraded events.

</doc>
<doc id="2928890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928890" title="Golden Gate Fields">
Golden Gate Fields

Golden Gate Fields is an American horse racing track straddling both Albany, California and Berkeley, California along the shoreline of San Francisco Bay adjacent to the Eastshore Freeway in the San Francisco Bay Area. With the closing of the Bay Meadows racetrack on May 11, 2008, it became the only major racetrack in Northern California. It is currently owned by The Stronach Group.
The track is set on of land in the cities of Albany and Berkeley. Golden Gate Fields' facilities currently include a one-mile (1,609 m) synthetic track and a turf course measuring 9/10 of a mile, or 7 furlongs plus 132 feet (1,448 m), stalls for 1,420 horses, a main grandstand with seating for approximately 8,000 customers, a clubhouse with seating for approximately 5,200 customers, a Turf Club with seating for approximately 1,500 customers and parking for over 8,500 cars. The synthetic track is called Tapeta, and was installed in the summer of 2007. [http://www.bloodhorse.com/horse-racing/articles/41942/tapeta-track-debuts-at-golden-gate]
History.
The racetrack is situated on a tract of land bordered on the west by Fleming Point, a rocky promontory which lies on the eastern shoreline of San Francisco Bay. On the north, it is bordered by the Albany Bulb, Albany Beach and Albany Plateau, undeveloped terrain over a former landfill, owned by the City of Albany. To the east is Interstate 80 and to the south, the Berkeley Meadow. This tract lies on what was once a part of the slough into which three creeks drain: Schoolhouse Creek, Codornices Creek and Marin Creek. The tract had originally been that portion of the Rancho San Antonio owned by José Domingo Peralta. He sold it in July 1852 to John Fleming, who used it as a transhipment point for sending his cattle across the bay to San Francisco for slaughter and processing. Later in the 19th century, it was the site of the Giant Powder Company, a manufacturer of black powder, dynamite and nitroglycerin. Between 1879 and 1892, the plant blew up four times.
Just before World War II, Golden Gate Fields built its new grandstand up against the eastern slope of Fleming Point, and adjacent marshland was filled in for the track. The inaugural meet was on February 1, 1941. In the period just before the war, the track was used as the scene of the crime central to the plot of the movie "Shadow of the Thin Man". With the onset of World War II, the United States Navy took over the property as the "Albany Naval Landing Force Equipment Depot" for storing hundreds of landing craft destined for use in the Pacific theater. After the war, Golden Gate Fields resumed horse racing.
Golden Gate Fields was owned and managed for 25 years by foreign car importer and horseman Kjell Qvale. It was subsequently acquired by Magna Entertainment Corp.. In March 2009, Magna filed for bankruptcy. The Stronach Group, the current owners, acquired Golden Gate Fields on July 3, 2011.
Racing.
In 1950, Citation and Noor met in the Golden Gate Handicap. The English bred Noor beat the great Triple Crown winner Citation, prompting Citation's rider, Steve Brooks, to say, "We just can't beat that horse."
In 1957, the horse Silky Sullivan came to the track and with him came the excitement that followed him throughout his life. Until the death of Lost in the Fog, he was also the only horse to be buried in the infield. Lost in the Fog's plaque is the third to be placed at Golden Gate Fields, found near the one for Silky Sullivan and that for Bill Shoemaker.
The infield turf course was opened on February 22, 1972.
In 1974, the first $2 million day in Northern California was held on California Derby Day.
In 1984, the great gelding John Henry set a course record winning the Golden Gate Handicap.
Before his death in 2006, Lost in the Fog was based here. On September 17, 2006, he was euthanized due to inoperable tumors found on his spleen and along his spine. Prior to his early death, Lost in the Fog ran three races at his home base — winning twice, and placing once. On September 30, 2006 Golden Gate Fields held a celebration of his life.
During the summer of 2007, the racetrack installed a polymer synthetic type racing surface as mandated by the California Horse Racing Board. The Tapeta Footings synthetic all-weather racing surface is designed to make racing safer for both horses and riders.
On February 1, 2008, on board the horse Two Step Cat, Russell Baze got his 10,000th career win as a jockey.
The multiple Graded stakes winning Hystericalady, half sister to Funny Cide and Commentator, is based here.
With the loss of Bay Meadows to developers in 2008, Golden Gate Fields has become Northern California's only major racetrack (aside from racetracks that host the summer fair circuit). Its stakes schedule (graded and ungraded) is in flux as officials of California racing shuffle the racing season. Golden Gate Fields may return to offering both Spring and Autumn racing, with more racing dates. On May 2, 2009, the Silky Sullivan Handicap ran again after a hiatus of two years.
Transportation.
AC Transit, the local public transit agency, provided a seasonal bus service, line 304, between the track and North Berkeley BART station until 2008. The track is also accessible from the Gilman Street and Albany exits of the Eastshore Freeway, as well as from adjacent city streets. The San Francisco Bay Trail, a bicycle and walking path, runs to the north and south edge of the track, but does not go through, leaving a gap. In 2009 East Shore Charter Lines was contracted to provide the racetrack with a new free service from the BART station.
Racing events.
Golden Gate Fields is home to the following graded stakes and black type listed stakes:
It hosts numerous overnight handicaps and ungraded stakes events.

</doc>
<doc id="2928896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928896" title="Dinantian">
Dinantian

Dinantian is the name of a series or epoch from the Lower Carboniferous system in Europe. It can stand for a series of rocks in Europe or the time span in which they were deposited. 
The Dinantian is equal to the lower part of the Mississippian series in the international geologic timescale of the ICS. It also correlates with the Avonian, a name proposed by British geologist Arthur Vaughan (1905; p. 264) for certain deposits of the Lower Carboniferous system in the Avon Gorge at Bristol. The Dinantian is named for the Belgian city and province of Dinant where strata of this age occur. The name is still used among European geologists.

</doc>
<doc id="2928897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928897" title="Calder Race Course">
Calder Race Course

Calder Race Course is a thoroughbred horse racing track in Miami Gardens, Florida in the United States.
History.
In the mid-1960s, real estate developer Stephen A. Calder envisioned summertime racing in Florida; in 1965, on the advice of Mr. Calder, the Florida Legislature approved a bill allowing for it. Prior to this time, a fall meet was held at Tropical Park Race Track in Miami and a spring meet at Gulfstream Park in Broward County. In 1970, Stephen Calder received a permit for summertime racing but the meet was run at Tropical Park because construction was not complete at Calder. On May 6, 1971 Calder Race Course held its first day of racing. When William L. McKnight became the new owner of Tropical Park, he stated his intentions of closing the track and switching the dates to the Calder track, of which he was one of the principal investors. Racing ceased at Tropical Park in 1972.
The 1980s brought about renovations and expansions and two purchases. The first purchase was by Bertram R. Firestone and the second was by Kawasaki Leasings, Inc. In 1992 the "Festival of the Sun" was introduced. By 1997, simulcasting was introduced (so bets could be placed on Calder races from other tracks and off-track locations). The handle increased significantly; the track increased purses. In January 1999, Churchill Downs Incorporated purchased Calder Race Course for approximately $86 million. In the first years of the new century the track introduced the "Florida Million" and the "Summit of Speed".
Calder's Summit of Speed has produced several Breeders' Cup champions and Eclipse Award winners since its start in 2000. (The Eclipse award is the highest honor bestowed in American racing). In its short history, the Summit of Speed has attracted some of the country's top sprinters, including Cajun Beat and Orientate who both went on to win Breeders' Cup Sprint championship races (Orientate 2002, Cajun Beat 2003). Plus, in 2005, Lost in the Fog won at Calder, although was later defeated in the Breeders' Cup. The Summit of Speed has turned out to be the single biggest day in the history of Calder. In 2004, over $10.8 million was wagered on the event.
The "Florida Million" is a $1.2 million dollar 8 race stakes program for Florida-breds taking place late in the year. These races consist of the $200,000 Carl G. Rose Classic Handicap, the $150,000 Bonnie Heath Turf Cup Handicap, the $200,000 Elmer Heubeck Distaff Handicap, the $150,000 Jack Dudley Sprint Handicap, the $100,000 Arthur Appleton Juvenile Turf, the $150,000 Joe O’Farrell Juvenile Fillies, the $150,000 Jack Price Juvenile, and the $100,000 John Franks Juvenile Fillies Turf.
In 2003, the unincorporated area where Calder is located became the City of Miami Gardens, the third largest city in Miami-Dade county.
On June 4, 2005, jockey Eddie Castro set the North American record for the most wins in a day at one track, winning 9 races at Calder.
In late-2009, Calder changed its official name to Calder Casino & Race Course, and opened Studz Poker Club, a 29-table card room located in the Grandstand.
The grand opening of the Calder Casino was celebrated in January 2010.
The world record for the most spent on a Thoroughbred at sale took place at Calder in 2006 when a two-year-old horse sold for $16 million. The horse was later named The Green Monkey.
On August 24, 2013, jockey Antonio A. Gallardo set the record for the most stakes wins in a day and in a row, winning 4 consecutive stake races in the Juvenile Showcase.
Physical attributes.
The length of the main track is one-mile (1.6 km) with 1/4 and 7/8 chutes. Surface is 12” sand and marl (clay) base with 4.5” of sand and marl cushion. The turf course is 7/8 mile with 1/4 mile chute. The surface is Tifton #419 Bermuda grass. The stable area has stalls for 1,850 thoroughbreds plus receiving barn, neighboring training center (not owned by Calder), feed rooms, tack rooms, detention barns, and living quarters. In addition it has a seating capacity for more than 12,000 people. The size of the parcel is .
TV Personalites.
Bobby Newman:
Bobby Newman was the television host at Calder from 1999-2011. Bobby was named the track announcer in 2005.
Racing.
Calder Race Course holds many overnight stakes and handicaps. Its current Graded stakes races include:
Grade II:
Grade III:
Non-graded stakes:
Florida Stallion Stakes:<br>
Annually since 1982, Calder has hosted the Florida Stallion Stakes series for two-year-olds consisting of the:
Jockey colony.
Calder's jockey colony is reflective of the diversity of Miami. With the Calder oval serving as a launching pad for jockeys coming from Latin America and the Caribbean, many jockeys have gained valuable riding experience before success at other racetracks across the country. Top jockeys who started their careers at Calder include Javier and Abel Castellano (Venezuela), Eibar Coa (Venezuela), Rene Douglas (Panama), Shaun Bridgmohan (Jamaica), Edgar Prado (Peru), Pedro Rodriguez (Cuba), Alex Solis (Panama), José Ferrer (Puerto Rico), Jorge Chavez (Peru), Jose Santos (Chile), Cornelio Velasquez (Panama), Manoel Cruz (Brazil), Jacinto Vasquez (Panama-retired) and Eddie Castro (Panama) among others. In addition, Stewart Elliott of Smarty Jones fame and Gary Boulanger (retired) are a few Canadians who led the ranks at Calder early in their careers.
Winners of the Eclipse Award for Outstanding Apprentice Jockey that hailed from Calder when they won – Rosemary Homeister (1992), Phil Teator (1997), Shaun Bridgemohan (1998) and Eddie Castro (2003). Jockeys whose careers started at Calder and went on to Eclipse Award for Outstanding Jockey : Jerry Bailey (2000–2003; 1995–1997), Jorge Chavez (1999), Mike E. Smith (1993), Jose Santos (1988).
On December 28, 1978, jockey Niconar "Nick" Navarro was killed by a direct lightning strike after completing the second race at Calder Race Course. According to Jon Roberts, in "American Desperado": 
Multiple news outlets report: the remaining eight races at the track that day were cancelled.
Calder Race Course Hall of Fame.
The Calder Hall of Fame was created in 1995 to honor those who have made history at Calder Race Course.
Inductees include:

</doc>
<doc id="2928898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928898" title="Robert Solomon">
Robert Solomon

Robert Solomon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2928902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2928902" title="Texas Medal of Valor">
Texas Medal of Valor

Eligibility.
The Lone Star Medal of Valor is the second highest military decoration that may be awarded to a member of the Texas Military Forces. This includes Air National Guard, Army National Guard, and State Guard. This medal may also be awarded to federal military personnel, or state military personnel of other states. It is sometimes referred to as the "Texas Medal of Valor". Only the Texas Legislative Medal of Honor is of higher rank.
This medal is awarded for conspicuous valor and gallantry involving the possible loss of life by the recipient.
Texas code.
The medal comes under the following Texas code:<br>
Government Code, Title 4, Subtitle C., Chapter 431, Subchapter J. Awards, Section 431.132. Lone Star Medal of Valor. "The Lone Star Medal of Valor shall be awarded to a member of the military forces of this state, another state, or the United States who performs specific acts of bravery or outstanding courage, or who performs within an exceptionally short period a closely related series of heroic acts, if the acts involve personal hazard or danger and the voluntary risk of life and result in an accomplishment so exceptional and outstanding as to clearly set the person apart from the person's comrades or from other persons in similar cicumstances. Awarding of the medal requires a lesser degree of gallantry than awarding of the Texas Legislature Medal of Honor, but requires that the acts be performed with marked distinction."
Recipients.
Recent recipients of the Lone Star Medal of Valor include:

</doc>
