<doc id="2910482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910482" title="Eminence Front">
Eminence Front

"Eminence Front" is a song written and sung by Pete Townshend of The Who. It appears as the sixth track on the group's 1982 studio album, "It's Hard". The single reached number 68 on the Billboard Hot 100. It is the only song from the album that the band has opted to play live after the initial post-release tours. Lead singer Roger Daltrey, vocally critical of the album, described "Eminence Front" as the only song on it that he felt was worthy of being released (although he later sang "Cry If You Want" during their 2006 tour, incorporating the lyrics into an extended version of "My Generation").
Writing and recording.
In the song, Townshend sings about the delusions and drug use of the wealthy and hedonistic. The lyrics describe a party in which people hide from their problems behind a façade. Townshend has introduced the song in live performances with: "This song is about what happens when you take too much white powder; it's called "Eminence Front"".
In the originally released version, there is a timing flaw or a syncopation in the first chorus, where Townshend sings "behind an eminence front" at the same time Daltrey sings "it's an eminence front," with Townshend one syllable behind. A more linear-sounding remixed version appears on the 1997 re-release of the CD (a live version, recorded on the band's final stop on their 1982 tour in Toronto, appears as a bonus track on the re-release). Additionally, the remix has Townshend's vocals panned centrally rather than hard right in the stereo field.
The song produced a video, shot at a rehearsal in Largo, Maryland, during their 1982 US tour, which enjoyed consistent airplay on MTV upon its release. Footage from the Who's 1982 concert at Shea Stadium was also used in the video.
"Eminence Front" was scheduled to be released as a single in the UK by Polydor Records in 1982; the catalog number was WHO 7 but the single was never released. The picture sleeve, by Richard Evans, depicted a 1930s Art Deco house in Miami.
The song is in the key of F minor.
Use in other media.
The Oakland Athletics, Los Angeles Dodgers, and Dallas Mavericks have used the introduction to the song as background music for player lineup introductions. However, the Dallas Mavericks use a slightly modified version of the song's instrumental intro.
UFC fighter Stephan Bonnar is a Who fan and uses "Eminence Front" as his entrance music. Another UFC fighter, Nate Marquardt, also uses this song as an entrance song before his fights.
The instrumental intro of the song is used to close out the radio show of Michael Felger and Tony Massarotti on Boston sports station WBZ-FM.
The instrumental intro of the song was also used as news music package for WVTV-TV "Newswatch 18" of Milwaukee, Wisconsin in the 1980s.
In TV.
The song is used in the opening of the 1982 PBS "NOVA" episode "Tracking the Supertrains", during which the "Shinkansen", "TGV", and various research trains are seen traveling at impressive speeds.
The song was used in the "Miami Vice" third season episode "Kill Shot".
CBS had intended to use the song as the theme song for the London-based spin-off of its popular "CSI" franchise, but the show was ultimately scrapped.
In the first episode of HBO's "Entourage", the song plays while the characters drive through during the red carpet scene.
The song appears in the Local on the 8s forecast music, January 2010 playlist on the Weather Channel.
The song is used in commercials for the FX series, "The Americans".
This song was also used in the second season of the TV series "Person of Interest" during episode 12 when John was released from FBI custody.
In film.
The song was used in the trailer for the 2000 experimental film "Time Code".
In the movie "Law Abiding Citizen", character Clyde Shelton (Gerard Butler) enjoys a steak dinner in prison while listening to the song on iPod speakers.
In video games.
The song is played on the radio station K-DST in the video game "" and was also used for one of the game's trailers. It is available for download in the music video game series, "Rock Band" and also appeared in "Sleeping Dogs.
Covers.
The progressive rock jam band Umphrey's McGee has covered the song live on several occasions, including shows on February 6, 2010 at The Tabernacle in Atlanta, Georgia and November 6, 2010 and the in Washington, D.C. 
Guitarist Michael Hedges covered the song during his 1990 broadcast "Live from The Bottom Line in New York."
The rock band Matchbox Twenty covered the song during their 2000 Hamburg, Germany concert.

</doc>
<doc id="2910492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910492" title="1970–71 NHL season">
1970–71 NHL season

The 1970–71 NHL season was the 54th season of the National Hockey League. Two new teams, the Buffalo Sabres and Vancouver Canucks made their debuts and were both put into the East Division. The Chicago Black Hawks were moved to the West Division. The Montreal Canadiens won the Stanley Cup by beating the Black Hawks in seven games in the finals.
League business.
At the beginning of the season, the Oakland Seals were renamed California Golden Seals.
From this season through the 2002–03 season, teams wore their white jerseys at home and their dark jerseys on the road.
Regular season.
For 1970-71 the NHL went to a balanced schedule, with each team playing each other team 6 times, three at home and three on the road, without regard to divisional alignment. Nevertheless, playoff qualification was determined entirely by divisional standings with the top four teams in each division qualifying.
This season saw a marked increase in goal scoring, especially by the Boston Bruins, who shattered dozens of scoring records as they set the mark for most goals by a team (399) by nearly a hundred over the previous record holder. They also set records for most victories (57) and points (121). Phil Esposito set records for most goals in a season with 76 and for most points with 152. Defenceman Bobby Orr won his second consecutive Hart Trophy and set a new record for assists with 102. The Bruins also had the four league leading scorers, the first time in history this was achieved (the only other time being by the Bruins in 1974), and seven of the top eleven leading scorers, the only time in NHL history this has ever been achieved. They had 6 of the top 8 scorers in the league. Furthermore, the Bruins set marks for the highest scoring single season marks at every position: center (Esposito), left wing (Johnny Bucyk with 116), right wing (Ken Hodge with 105) and defense (Orr), as well as for a forward line (Esposito centering Wayne Cashman and Hodge).
Boston won the East Division championship in a runaway. In the West Division, the powerful Chicago Black Hawks had been moved there partially to accommodate the expansion Buffalo Sabres and Vancouver Canucks (both of which were placed in the East Division) but more in an effort to provide greater balance between the divisions. Chicago broke St. Louis' stranglehold over the division, winning handily over the Blues and advancing to the Stanley Cup finals.
The Montreal Canadiens, who missed the playoffs in 1969–70, appeared to be sinking once more. Players did not like Claude Ruel's dictatorial rule as coach, and Ralph Backstrom and John Ferguson retired. Ruel resigned and Al MacNeil took over. Both Ferguson and Backstrom returned, but
Backstrom was later traded to Los Angeles for draft choices.
The Vancouver Canucks played well at first and were around the .500 mark at mid-season. Then Orland Kurtenbach was injured and the team sagged.
On October 29, Gordie Howe became the first player to record 1000 assists in a 5–3 win
over Boston at the Detroit Olympia.
Detroit introduced a fine rookie goaltender, Jim Rutherford, who had bright moments
despite the Red Wings last place finish. However, they suffered their worst defeat in
franchise history January 2, when Toronto crushed them 13–0.
On March 12, Boston's Phil Esposito broke Bobby Hull's record for goals by a player in
a season at 7:03 of the first period on Denis DeJordy of Los Angeles at the Forum in
Inglewood, California. Then, at 15:40 he became the first player to score 60 goals.
The Bruins won 7–2.
Buffalo had a star, Gilbert Perreault, who on March 18 broke Nels Stewart's (and Danny Grant's, and Norm Ferguson's) rookie record with his 35th goal in a 5–3 win over St. Louis. He went on to finish the season with 38.
Billy Taylor and Don Gallinger, now middle-aged, were finally forgiven for their gambling in 1948 and were reinstated to the NHL. However, they did not return to the NHL.
Playoffs.
Format change.
Due to three straight years of non-competitive finals (where the Western Division winning St. Louis Blues were swept all 3 years by an established Eastern Division club); the NHL changed the matchups for the semi finals by having the winner of the series between the 1st and 3rd Eastern division teams play the winner of the 2nd and 4th Western division teams. Similarly, the other semi-final series pitted the winner of the 1st vs 3rd Western division teams against the winner of the 2nd vs 4th Eastern division teams. Combined with the transfer of the Chicago Black Hawks into the Western Division (which previously consisted only of expansion teams), the Stanley Cup Final series was expected to be more competitive. The realignment and change in playoff format brought the desired results in that each Stanley Cup Final for the next 3 years was either between two Eastern Division teams or an Eastern Division team vs Chicago. None of the finals were sweeps. Until realignment in 1974-75 when the original six and expansion teams were more thoroughly mixed, the Philadelphia Flyers were the only Western Division/1967 expansion team to reach a Cup final (they won).
A significant controversy arose before the playoffs. With 4 games to play, the Minnesota North Stars were in 3rd place with a record of 28-30-16 for 72 points while the Philadelphia Flyers were in 4th at 26-33-15 for 67 points. Minnesota then lost their final four games while the Flyers went 2-0-2 to jump ahead of Minnesota in the final standings by 1 point. It was widely rumored that Minnesota did so to avoid playing the far superior Chicago Black Hawks, since at this time in the playoffs the first place team played the third place team and the second played the fourth. Nothing was proven against the North Stars (who defeated their first round opponents, St. Louis, four games to two, while the Flyers were swept by the powerful Black Hawks), but the format was changed the following year to the 1 vs. 4/2 vs.3 format that prevailed thereafter.
Quarterfinals.
(E1) Boston Bruins vs. (E3) Montreal Canadiens.
The Montreal Canadiens were matched against the Boston Bruins, and in one of the most extraordinary upsets in hockey history, Ken Dryden was hot in goal for the Canadiens as they ousted the Bruins in seven games. Game 2 featured what many perceive as one of the greatest comebacks in NHL history. With the Bruins leading 5–2 heading into the third period, the Canadiens, who had trailed 5–1, scored 5 goals in the final session to win 7–5. The prominent Canadian sports journalist Red Fisher lists the Canadiens' comeback has the 8th most memorable moment in his over 49 years of covering hockey. In game 4, Bobby Orr became the first defenceman to get a hat trick in a playoff game when Boston won 5–2.
Semi-Finals.
(W1) Chicago Black Hawks vs. (E2) New York Rangers.
Bobby Hull and the Chicago Black Hawks were just too much for the Rangers and the Black Hawks advanced to the finals in seven games. Hull won two games with goals on face-offs, despite Glen Sather's coverage of him to check him.
(E3) Montreal Canadiens vs. (W4) Minnesota North Stars.
The Canadiens' upset of Boston was so sensational that the Canadiens nearly suffered a fatal letdown against the Minnesota North Stars. The Canadiens' 6–3 loss in Montreal on April 22 to Minnesota, led by the goaltending of Cesare Maniago, would be the first playoff defeat for an Original Six team at the hands of a 1967 Expansion franchise.
Stanley Cup Finals.
The 1971 Stanley Cup final was played by the Montreal Canadiens and the Chicago Black Hawks. The series went the full seven games, with the Canadiens winning in Chicago despite trailing 2–0 halfway into the second period of game seven. Jacques Lemaire took a shot from centre ice that miraculously escaped goaltender Tony Esposito, cutting the Black Hawks' lead to 2–1. Henri Richard tied the game just before the end of the second period, and scored again 2:34 into the third, giving the Habs the lead. Montreal goalie Ken Dryden kept Chicago off the board for the rest of the game, and the Habs won their third Stanley Cup in four years. It was the final game for Canadien superstar and captain Jean Beliveau, who retired after the season. The Canadiens were the last road team to win a Game 7 of a Stanley Cup Final until the Pittsburgh Penguins in 2009. It was Al MacNeil's final game as Montreal coach — after he had benched Richard for Game 5, The Pocket Rocket declared that " is the worst coach I ever played for!" Although Richard retracted his "angry comment", as he called it, MacNeil still resigned.
Awards.
A new award for the most outstanding player as voted by the members of the NHL Players Association, the Lester B. Pearson Award, was introduced this season and the first winner was Phil Esposito.
Player statistics.
Scoring leaders.
Source: NHL.
Leading goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games played; Min - Minutes Played; GA = Goals Against; GAA = Goals Against Average; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; SO = Shutouts"
Debuts.
The following is a list of players of note who played their first NHL game in 1970–71 (listed with their first team, asterisk(*) marks debut in playoffs):
Last games.
The following is a list of players of note that played their last game in the NHL in 1970–71 (listed with their last team):
"NOTE: Bathgate would finish his major professional career in the World Hockey Association."

</doc>
<doc id="2910494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910494" title="Jordan River Pathway">
Jordan River Pathway

The Jordan River Pathway is an loop trail located in Michigan in Antrim County, next to the Jordan River and the Jordan River hatchery.

</doc>
<doc id="2910504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910504" title="Daishaka Station">
Daishaka Station

History.
Daishaka Station was opened on December 1, 1894 as a station on the Japanese Government Railway, the predecessor to the Japan National Railways (JNR) in former Namioka village. With the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987, it came under the operational control of JR East. A new station building was completed in July 2007.
Station layout.
Daishaka Station has a side platform and an island platform serving three tracks. The station is attended only during daylight hours.
Platforms.
Note: Track 3 is used primarily for freight trains changing direction.

</doc>
<doc id="2910510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910510" title="KGOT">
KGOT

KGOT (101.3 FM) is a commercial CHR music formatted radio station in Anchorage, Alaska. Owner is Clear Channel. 
One time in late June, 2014, KGOT's live stream was sounded like it's sister station KASH-FM, but it was not because of a format change, but KASH-FM's live stream was broken, so it was moved to KGOT's live stream, where KGOT's stream had nowhere to go, 2 days later, KASH-FM's stream was fixed and the KGOT stream was back on iHeartRadio. This didn't effect KGOT's nor KASH's terrestrial signal in Anchorage.

</doc>
<doc id="2910511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910511" title="Aley River">
Aley River

The Aley River () is a Russian river. It is a tributary of the Ob, located in the Altai Krai. Bigger towns along the river are Rubtsovsk and Aleysk.

</doc>
<doc id="2910512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910512" title="Picloram">
Picloram

Picloram is a systemic herbicide used for general woody plant control. It also controls a wide range of broad-leaved weeds, but most grasses are resistant. A chlorinated derivative of picolinic acid, picloram is in the pyridine family of herbicides.
Picloram can be sprayed on foliage, injected into plants, applied to cut surfaces, or placed at the base of the plant where it will leach to the roots. Once absorbed by the foliage, stem, or roots, picloram is transported throughout the plant.
Herbicides containing Picloram are sold under a variety of brand names. Dow Chemicals and now Dow AgroSciences sell herbicides containing it under the brand name Tordon.
During the Vietnam War, a mixture of picloram and other herbicides were combined to make Agent White (commercially available as Tordon 101) and enhanced Agent Orange which was previously conducted by the British military during the Malayan Emergency. Large quantities of these herbicides were sprayed by U.S. forces in areas where its long-term persistence was desirable, such as inland forests.
Safety.
Picloram is of moderate toxicity to the eyes and only mildly toxic on the skin. There is no documented history of human intoxication by picloram so symptoms of acute exposure are difficult to characterize.
Picloram is the most persistent of its family of herbicides. It does not adhere to soil and so may leach to groundwater, and has in fact been detected there. It is degraded in soil and water mainly by microbes. Picloram has very little tendency to accumulate in aquatic life.
Gardeners who use dung as fertilizer should check to make certain that the animal source has not grazed on picloram treated hay, as the dung still has broadleaf killing potency.
In regards to occupational exposures, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration has established a permissible exposure limit of 15 mg/m3 total exposure and 5 mg/m3 for respiratory exposure, over a eight hour workshift.

</doc>
<doc id="2910526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910526" title="M234 launcher">
M234 launcher

The M234 Riot Control Launcher is an M16 series rifle attachment firing a M755 blank round. The M234 mounts on the muzzle, bayonet lug and front sight post of the M16. It fires either the M734 64 mm Kinetic Riot Control or the M742 64 mm CSI Riot Control Ring Airfoil Projectiles. The latter produces a 4 to 5 foot Tear Gas cloud on impact. The launcher is capable of firing from 4 to 6 projectiles per minute. The velocity is sufficiently high to prevent dodging by target individuals at effective ranges. The effective range of the projectile is 40 meters on an individual and 60 meters on groups of individuals with a maximum range of 100 meters. The main advantage to using Ring Airfoil Projectiles is that their design does not allow them be thrown back by rioters with any real effect. The M234 is no longer used by United States forces. It has been replaced by the M203 40mm grenade launcher and nonlethal ammunition.

</doc>
<doc id="2910530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910530" title="Kita-Tokiwa Station">
Kita-Tokiwa Station

History.
Kita-Tokiwa Station was opened on December 20, 1924 as a station on the Japanese Government Railways (JGR), the pre-war predecessor to the Japan National Railways (JNR). With the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987, it came under the operational control of JR East.
Station layout.
Kita-Tokiwa Station has a single side platform and an island platform, serving three tracks, connected to the station building by an overpass. The station is attended during normal working hours, and has a Green Window service counter.

</doc>
<doc id="2910536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910536" title="Four stages">
Four stages

The Four Stages or Four Levels are from the Traditional Chinese medicine book "Discussion of Warm Diseases" by Ye Tian Shi, who lived from 1667-1746.
The stages, in order, range from surface (or "light") sickness to internal (or "deep") death.

</doc>
<doc id="2910539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910539" title="Athena (song)">
Athena (song)

"Athena" is a song written by Pete Townshend and recorded by The Who. It appears as the first track on the group's tenth studio album "It's Hard", released in 1982. It was released as the first single from that album, achieving moderate chart success at number 28 on the US Billboard Hot 100, but received good airplay on album oriented rock and later classic rock radio formats. 
"Athena" reached number 40 on the UK Singles Chart, making it the band's last UK Top 40 single.
Pete Townshend wrote this song after an encounter with actress Theresa Russell. He promptly fell in love with her, and his frustration of being rejected is contained in this song. In this context, associated with an issue with a film director, it became a subplot of the much later "The Lifehouse Chronicles". Townshend initially changed the title to "Athena" to disguise who the song was really about. Roger Daltrey and Townshend share lead vocals on this song.
Despite this being the first single from the album and well-received on rock radio, The Who only played "Athena" a total of ten times on the band's 1982 tour, and has not played the song again ever since.

</doc>
<doc id="2910545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910545" title="Bigger Than Dallas">
Bigger Than Dallas

Bigger Than Dallas was an alternative country band, founded in 2002 by singer/songwriter Rob Alderman. The band hails from Chattanooga, Tennessee.
After several lineup changes, the band included Davis Cutshaw on bass and multi-instrumentalist Callie Harmon on guitar and mandolin.
The band released several albums, including 2004's "When the Blood and the Dust Settles" and 2005's "Cupid is a Dirty Liar" which features the hit song "Austin."
Bigger Than Dallas broke up shortly after releasing "Cupid".

</doc>
<doc id="2910550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910550" title="SIAI">
SIAI

SIAI may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2910558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910558" title="Open Arms">
Open Arms

Open Arms may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2910571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910571" title="Ōmagari Station (Akita)">
Ōmagari Station (Akita)

Lines.
Ōmagari Station is served by the Ōu Main Line, Tazawako Line and Akita Shinkansen. It is located 240.7 km from the terminus of the Ōu Main Line at Fukushima Station and is 75.6 rail kilometers from the intermediate terminus of the Akita Shinkansen at Morioka Station. The station is also a terminal station for the Tazawako Line, and is 76.6 rail kilometers from the opposing terminal at Morioka Station.
Station layout.
Ōmagari Station has a side platform, island platform and bay platform serving a total of five tracks. Platforms 1 and 2 are for the Ōu Main Line, while trains using platforms 3, 11, and 12 reverse into and out of the station.
History.
Ōmagari Station was opened on December 21, 1904 on the Japanese Government Railways (JGR) Ōu Main Line, serving the town of Ōmagari, Akita. The predecessor of the Tozawako Line, the Obonai keiben-sen, began operations from July 30, 1921, and was nationalized the following year. The JGR became the Japan National Railways (JNR) after World War II. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987. The Akita Shinkansen began operations from March 22, 1997 and a new station building was inaugurated on July 20 of the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="2910572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910572" title="Broad sheet glass">
Broad sheet glass

Broad sheet is a type of hand-blown glass. It was first made in Sussex in 1226.
Production.
It is made by blowing molten glass into an elongated balloon shape with a blowpipe. Then, while the glass is still hot, the ends are cut off and the resulting cylinder is split with shears and flattened on an iron plate. The quality of broad sheet glass is not good, with many imperfections and mostly opaque. Due to the relatively small sizes blown, broad sheet was typically made into leadlights. The centerpiece was used for decoration in places where looking through the glass wasn't vital. If the piece was large, it was possible to see bubble tracks and strain lines.
Other methods for making hand-blown glass included blown plate glass, crown glass, polished plate glass and cylinder blown sheet glass. These methods of manufacture lasted at least until the end of the 19th Century. The early 20th century marks the move away from hand-blown to machine manufactured glass such as rolled plate glass, machine drawn cylinder sheet glass, flat drawn sheet glass, single and twin ground polished plate glass and float glass.
Broad sheet glass was first made in the UK in Sussex in 1226 CE. This glass was of poor quality and fairly opaque. Manufacture slowly decreased and ceased by the early 16th Century. French glass-makers and others were making broad sheet glass earlier than this.

</doc>
<doc id="2910575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910575" title="Southeast Polk Community School District">
Southeast Polk Community School District

Southeast Polk Community School District is a school district located in suburban suburban Des Moines and rural Polk County, Iowa. The high school and junior high are located in Pleasant Hill, Iowa. The district includes Runnells, Altoona, Mitchellville, parts of Pleasant Hill, Bondurant, Des Moines and surrounding rural areas. The district also stretches into small portions of Jasper and Marion Counties.
The district was formed by a consolidation of several districts (most notably Runnells, Altoona, and Mitchellville; several smaller districts also merged) in 1962. The district operates a high school, a junior high school, a sixth grade center, and eight elementary schools.
Famous alumni of Southeast Polk include Dallas Cowboys quarterback Kyle Orton and Chris Pirillo.
District's mission.
The district's mission is ""to be an innovative, educational organization committed to providing learning experiences of superior quality which enable ALL students to successfully meet challenges now and in the future.""
Throughout the K-12 experience, students are guided to become:
Seniors are required to give a presentation to fellow students before they graduate to show they meet these 8 outcomes.
Board of education.
The district is overseen by a seven-member Board of Education.
Current information.
The superintendent of the school district is Craig Menozzi. The high school principal is Steve Pettit.
Southeast Polk's grade schools consist of eight elementary schools: Altoona, Centennial, Delaware, Four Mile, Mitchellville, Runnells, Willowbrook and Clay Elementary.
Southeast Polk's secondary schools consist of Spring Creek 6th Grade Center, Southeast Polk Junior High, and Southeast Polk High School.
Southeast Polk is the 13th-largest school district in Iowa.
Mascot.
The school mascot, the Rams, is an acronym for Runnells, Altoona, Mitchellville, and surrounding areas. Later, the district modified the "s" to represent the word " schools," but the original intent was for the mascot to represent the entire area covered by the school district. The school colors are black and gold. The district prides itself on its large amount of school spirit, including both "Ram Pride" and "The Southeast Polk Way."
High school activities.
Athletics.
Southeast Polk is a member of the Central Iowa Metro League. The league is divided into two conferences, the Metro Conference and the Central Iowa Conference (CIC), with the CIC being further subdvided into Northern, Eastern, and Western Divisions:
Football.
Southeast Polk's most successful football season was 2006, when they finished as state runners-up after a 21-6 defeat to Cedar Rapids Xavier by a score of 21-6.
Winter sports.
The boys basketball team finished 2nd in the state in 2010.
The girls basketball team was crowned state champions in 1977, the school's first title, and again in 2013. The girls basketball team was also the state runner-up in 1987 and 1988.
The wrestling program won both the state dual and traditional meet titles in 2013, marking the school's first title by a boys program.
Spring/summer sports.
Track, tennis, soccer, and girls' Golf are spring sports, with Baseball and Softball occurring in the summer.
Arts.
Theatre.
The Southeast Polk Senior High presents two full-length productions each year in November and March or April. Every other spring (odd-numbered years), a musical is performed.
Instrumental music.
The Southeast Polk band program has three bands: Concert Band, Symphonic Band (marching band), and the Wind Ensemble. The symphnic band is unique in the fact it does not require its members to participate in marching band, although most choose to do so.
Vocal music.
The vocal music program's advanced choir is Chamber Singers, a mixed voice choir. Entrance is only granted through audition. Chorale is the advanced, auditioned women's choir. Concert Choir and Treble Clef Choir are open to all interested students.
Southeast Polk has two Show Choirs: RAMification and Vocal Gold. RAMification is the varsity mixed show choir and selection is done by audition. Vocal Gold is a show choir prep group is open to men and women by audition. Vocal Gold recently finished 2nd place at the Muscatine and Keokuk competition, where they also qualified for finals.

</doc>
<doc id="2910597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910597" title="Organizatsia na Bulgarskite Skauty">
Organizatsia na Bulgarskite Skauty

The Organizatsia na Bulgarskite Skauty (Bulgarian Организация на българските скаути, Organization of Bulgarian Scouts), the primary national Scouting organization of Bulgaria, became a member of the World Organization of the Scout Movement in 1999; work towards World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts membership recognition remains unclear. The coeducational Organizatsia Na Bulgarskite Skauty has 2,109 members as of 2011.
History.
Scouting traces back to 1911-1913 in Bulgaria, with the founding of a national Scout organization following in 1923. Bulgarian Scouting was originally a member of the World Organization of the Scout Movement from 1924 to 1940. In the interwar period, Russian Scouting Русский Скаут went into exile, and continued in many countries where fleeing White Russian émigrés settled, establishing its own Scout groups in Bulgaria. Because of the political situation, Scouting in Bulgaria was suspended in 1940 and outlawed after the war, when communists controlled Bulgaria. Scout resources during the communist period were confiscated and redistributed to the "Pioneri" and the "chavdari", organizations for communist youth. Scouting resumed in 1989 when the Berlin Wall was taken down, but it did not meet WOSM requirements for membership until 1995. 
The negative legacy of the Communist youth organizations contributed to slow growth of the Scouting movement, as it left the Scouts ill-equipped and without experienced leadership or established programs.
The Organizatsia Na Bulgarskite Skauty was accepted into the World Organization of the Scout Movement on January 17, 1999 as its 151st member, given an official welcome to WOSM at the World Scout Conference in South Africa on July 25, 1999. There are 57 Scout groups spread through Bulgaria, including in 20 of the largest cities and towns, with a membership of approximately 2,000. Sea Scouts are present in the city of Silistra, located on the Danube River, and on the Black Sea. The organization is volunteer-run. The Organizatsia Na Bulgarskite Skauty is open to both males and females. Bulgarian Scouts are well-publicized in their country and active in community development, including participating in projects related to reforestation and the Bulgarian Red Cross. They have an annual national Jamboree.
The Bulgarian noun for a single Scout is Скаут.
Ideals.
Motto.
"Scouts" - Be Prepared
"Sea Scouts" - Love the Sea
Scout Oath.
"Pred chestta si obeshtavam, che shte se staraja spored silite si:"
"Da ispulnjavam dulga si kum Boga I otechestvoto, da pomagam vinagi na drugite, da spasvam sakona na Skauta."
I give my word of honor, that I will do my best:
To do my duty to God and to the fatherland, to help others at all times and to obey the Scout Law.
Emblem.
The membership badge of Organizatsia Na Bulgarskite Skauty incorporates the Cyrillic letters O-B-S.

</doc>
<doc id="2910599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910599" title="The Kids Are Alright (song)">
The Kids Are Alright (song)

"The Kids Are Alright" is a song written by Pete Townshend of The Who. It appears as the seventh track on the group's first album "My Generation" (1965). It was not released as a single until more than six months after it first appeared on the LP, first in the United States, and in the UK the following month. While not a huge hit at the time (reaching number 41 in the UK and number 85 in the US), the song, along with the album's title track, became anthems for the group and the Mod subculture of England in the 1960s. It later became the name of the documentary for the band in 1979. The song uses a standard I-IV-V chord progression in the key of D while the chorus uses a ii-V-IV-I chord progression. The song was edited for the U.K. single and this version has become much more common than the original full-length U.K. album version. The edit of the song features a substantially shortened instrumental break. A promotional film for the song was shot in Hyde Park in July or August of 1966. In addition to appearing on "My Generation", the beginning of the song can be heard on "Quadrophenia", after the song "Helpless Dancer" has faded out. 
The song has been covered by bands such as The Queers, Goldfinger, Eddie and the Hot Rods, Dropkick Murphys, Hi-Standard, Green Day, Pearl Jam and Belle & Sebastian who closed their set with it at the Bowlie Weekender in 1999. In 1995, the band Flatus recorded a version for their album "Talk Show Hero". In 2008, Billy Bob Thornton's band The Boxmasters recorded a version of the song as the closing number on the second disc of their album "The Boxmasters". The song was also recorded for a covers album by Matthew Sweet and Bangles' vocalist Susanna Hoffs. Keith Moon also recorded a cover of this song for his solo album "Two Sides of the Moon".
In present-day live performances, The Who add a long extra section to the end of "The Kids Are Alright", with partly improvised lyrics discussing the lessons learned since the song's composition. A version of this can be heard on Live at the Royal Albert Hall, recorded in 2000, in which Townshend assesses: "When I wrote this song I was nothing but a kid, trying to work out right and wrong through all the things I did. I was kind of practicing with my life. I was kind of taking chances in a marriage with my wife. I took some stuff and I drank some booze. There was almost nothing that I didn't try to use. And somehow I'm alright." After John Entwistle's death, the extra lyrics occasionally made reference to him, and his love of old red wine, which later inspired their song "Old Red Wine", a tribute to Entwistle. 
This song is referenced in the title of the song "The Kids Aren't Alright" by the Offspring, "The Kids Are Insane" by Urge Overkill, "The Kids Are All Wrong" by Lagwagon, "All the Kids Are Right" by Local H, and "The Kids" by The Parlor Mob, in which the main chorus line is 'No the kids ain't alright', as well as the song "Kids" by Robbie Williams and Kylie Minogue. The title of the song was also used for a movie and for an episode of hit US programme "Supernatural".
In 2006, the song was listed at #34 in Pitchfork's list of the 200 greatest songs of the 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="2910604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910604" title="Paint Rock River">
Paint Rock River

The Paint Rock River is a tributary of the Tennessee River in northern Alabama in the United States. Its tributaries also drain a portion of south-central Tennessee.
The river is formed in northeastern Jackson County by the confluence of Estill Fork and Hurricane Creek, and flows generally southwardly, past the town of Paint Rock. In its upper course, the river flows through a deep valley cut into the Cumberland Plateau. In its lower course, the river is used to define part of the boundary between Madison and Marshall Counties.

</doc>
<doc id="2910606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910606" title="Dowling Catholic High School">
Dowling Catholic High School

Dowling Catholic High School is a Catholic secondary school in West Des Moines, Polk County, Iowa. It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Des Moines.
Background.
In 1972, it was created by the merger of St. Joseph Academy for girls (established in 1885) and Dowling High School for boys (established in 1918 as the Des Moines College boarding school for boys). Approximately 1435 students currently attend Dowling Catholic High School.
Academics.
During the 2003-04 school year, Dowling Catholic High School was recognized with the Blue Ribbon School Award of Excellence by the United States Department of Education, the highest award an American school can receive.
Tuition.
Total tuition cost for 2011-2012 are $8,626 for Freshmen, Sophomores, and Juniors; the tuition for seniors is $8,726. Tuition for students belonging to a Catholic Parish is $6,221 for 9th through 11th grades; 12th graders pay $6,321. 
Extracurricular activities.
Baseball.
Dowling Catholic baseball is coached by Tim O'Neill. The Maroons hold the record for most team home runs during a championship game with 5 in 2001.
Dowling has made it to State in baseball 13 times
Boys' basketball.
Dowling has made it to the Iowa boys basketball state tournament nine times.
Bobby Hansen who later played at the University of Iowa and nine years in the NBA, was on the 1979 state championship team.
Cross country.
Girls.
The girls Cross Country coach is Fr. Jim Kirby.
Boys.
The boy's team is coached by athletic trainer Tim Ives, owner of the Body Project.
As of the beginning of the 2011 season, the Dowling's boys cross country team is ranked first among division 4A schools in Iowa. Dowling has 11 Top 8 Finishes in Boys Cross Country.
Football.
Dowling Catholic is coached by Tom Wilson. Home games are played at the 8,000 seat Valley Stadium in West Des Moines or at Drake Stadium in Des Moines. The Maroons have a winning percentage (68.1%) and an all-time 284-109 win-loss record including a 37-30 W-L record in the playoffs. Their 30 playoff appearances is #2 in any classification. Dowling has also tied Valley in the number of consecutive trips going to playoffs.
Dowling made the playoffs 17 years in a row beginning in 1985 and ending in 2002 when Dowling missed the playoffs. The school won 36 consecutive games in the 1967 through 1971 graduating class seasons. Dowling won 64 consecutive Metro conference games, a streak lasting from 1968 to 1977. In addition to the 64 metro games Dowling also won 57 consecutive conference games lasting from 1993 to 2002. WDM, Valley is Dowling's primary rival since 1968 when the schools joined the Des Moines Metro Conference. Dowling has 23 or higher quarterfinal finishes. Albert Smith has the school receiving record with 1,044 receiving yards and 15 Touchdowns in 1990. Rich Lowery has the school passing record with 2,105 passing yards in 1991. Grant Mayfield has the school rushing record with 2,049 yards in 2008 and 31 touchdowns. 
Marching band.
Band directors Steve Holland and Nick Hoover have led the Dowling Catholic Marching Band to many high placements in band competitions. At the Eden Prairie: Prairie Colors tournament on October 11, 2008 in Eden Prairie, Minnesota, Dowling received a first place overall, best drumline, and best winds in the class 2-A competition.
Swimming.
Head coach Mark Crouch has led the Boys' swimming team to championships for four years; 2000-2003. Dowling has 15 Top 8 Finishes in Boys Swimming. Head coach Dan Lake and J.V. coach Josh Otis coach girls J.V. and Varsity swimming. New Head Coach Nate Zittergruen lead the boys to become conference and district champions in 2010 and ended up second at the state meet. 
Wrestling.
Dowling's current coach is Jon Garvin, who has been at Dowling Catholic since. Former coach Bob Darrah (340-17-2) has the state top percentage in dual meets (of those with more than 300 meets) with a .949 average. Dowling holds the record for most dual meet wins in a row with 138 won between Jan. 25, 1986-Jan. 4, 1992.
State Champions:

</doc>
<doc id="2910608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910608" title="Open Arms (Journey song)">
Open Arms (Journey song)

"Open Arms" is a song by American rock band Journey. It was released as a single from their 1981 album, "Escape". Co-written by band members Steve Perry and Jonathan Cain, the song is a power ballad whose lyrics are an empowering plea to a lover to forgive past wrongdoings and agree to start anew. It is one of the band's most recognizable radio hits and their biggest US "Billboard" Hot 100 hit, reaching number two in February 1982 and holding that position for six weeks.
"Open Arms" has been covered by various recording artists. American R&B/pop singer Mariah Carey enjoyed an international hit with the song in 1996; hers is arguably the best-known version of the song in the United Kingdom, where it reached #4 in the UK Singles Chart. The song has also been covered by such artists as American singer/songwriter Barry Manilow, R&B group Boyz II Men and Canadian singer Celine Dion. It is a favorite on reality television singing competitions as well, being performed by contestants on "The Voice (U.S)", "American Idol", the UK's "The X Factor", and "Australian Idol".
Journey's recording of "Open Arms" has been described as one of the greatest love songs ever written; VH1 named the song as the greatest power ballad of all time. Mike DeGagne of AllMusic has described it as "One of rock's most beautiful ballads", which "gleams with an honesty and feel only Steve Perry could muster."
Journey version.
Journey recorded "Open Arms" for their seventh studio album, "Escape", which was produced by Kevin Elson and Mike Stone. Jonathan Cain had begun writing the song while he was still a member of The Babys, but Babys vocalist John Waite turned down the melody as "sentimental rubbish." Cain eventually finished the song with Steve Perry during the writing sessions for "Escape", changing the key from A to D and changing the melody slightly, but it was almost left off the album; Journey's guitarist Neal Schon reportedly disliked the song because "it was so far removed from anything had ever attempted to record before". Drummer Steve Smith recalls that Schon noted that it "sounds kinda Mary Poppins", added to which the other members of the band were against the idea of performing ballads.
In 2005 Perry commented on the emotions he felt while producing "" and listening to the band performing the song 24 years previously: "I had to keep my head down on the console when "Open Arms" was on. There is one line in the song that I always wanted to be a certain way. I have ideals about certain things. The line "wanting you near" — I just wanted that line to go up and soar. I wanted it to be heartfelt. Every time it would come by I would just have to keep my head down and try to swallow the lump in my throat. I felt so proud of the song".
In the Journey episode of VH1's "Behind the Music", Perry recalls the recording sessions for the song becoming an ordeal; Schon taunted Perry and Cain in the studio. But when the band performed it in concert for the first time during their Escape Tour in the fall of 1981, the audience was thunderstruck, much to Schon's disbelief. After two encores, the band left the stage and Schon suddenly said, "Man, that song really kicked ass!" Perry recalled being incensed at Schon's hypocrisy. "I looked at him, and I wanted to kill him," he later said.
During an episode of the radio show "In the Studio with Redbeard" devoted to the album "Escape", Jonathan Cain said he was ill with a bad cold when he recorded the piano track to "Open Arms" and wanted to re-do the track. Everybody else disagreed and they used the track Cain recorded while "under the weather."
"Open Arms" was used on the soundtrack to the animated Canadian film "Heavy Metal" (released to theatres in August 1981), and it was released as the third single from "Escape" in January 1982 in the United States. It was also featured on two occasions during scenes of the 1982 film "The Last American Virgin". It became one of Journey's biggest singles there, and the most successful of the five singles released from "Escape" (only one other, "Who's Crying Now," reached the top five). It stayed at #2 for six weeks on the Billboard Hot 100, kept from the #1 spot by "Centerfold" by the J. Geils Band and "I Love Rock 'n' Roll" by Joan Jett and the Blackhearts, and it was also a top ten hit on Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks. The single was less successful on the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks, only reaching the top forty.
The song and its status as a power ballad has been remembered years following its original release. One critic praised "Open Arms" as "a lyrical rock ballad and one of the band's best-written songs", while the Associated Press wrote that the song was "fueled by Perry's operatic, high-flying vocal style." It has also been referred to as a "wedding anthem" (in a December 2005 "Lumino Magazine" article), and VH1 placed the song at number 1 on their "25 Greatest Power Ballads" list. Allmusic said "One of rock's most beautiful ballads, "Open Arms" gleams with an honesty and feel only Steve Perry could muster," and a review of a Journey concert in the "Atlanta Journal-Constitution" characterized the song as a "classic ballad." Steve Perry told the "Boston Globe", "I can't tell you how many times I get a tap on the shoulder and somebody says...'This was my prom song'." The song was later included on Journey's box set "Time3" (1992) and the compilation album "The Essential Journey" (2001).
In popular culture.
In 2003 "American Idol" contestant Clay Aiken performed the song during a key semi-final round of the show, and later in a duet with fellow Idol Kelly Clarkson (the winner from the previous year) on their joint February—April 2004 concert tour. "Open Arms" was included on the set list for Britney Spears' 1999 ...Baby One More Time Tour, and it was also used as the love theme for Japanese director Eiichiro Hasumi's film "Umizaru" (2004). Matt Stone and Trey Parker, the creators of the animated television comedy "South Park", frequently reference and parody Journey and their music in their work. In Episode 132 of "South Park", entitled "Erection Day" (2005), a little girl playing piano in a talent competition begins to sing the opening to "Open Arms" ("Lying beside you, here in the dark...") before the scene ends. In the 2007 film "I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry" the song is played during a gay benefit costume party. "Open Arms" is one of twelve greatest hits re-recorded by Journey featuring current lead vocalist Arnel Pineda on the second disc of their latest 2008 album "Revelation".
Mariah Carey version.
Mariah Carey co-produced her cover of the song with Walter Afanasieff for her fifth album, "Daydream". Carey's career has crossed paths with Journey's: the band's drummer Steve Smith played drums on many of her earlier singles, and its bassist for a short period in the mid-1980s, Randy Jackson, has worked with her for a long time.
The single was released as the album's third single between late 1995 and early 1996 in most markets outside the United States, since the immensely popular original was still firmly engrained in the public consciousness there. It became a #4 hit in the United Kingdom and was performed live on the BBC's flagship chart television show, "Top of the Pops". It also charted in the top ten in Ireland and New Zealand, and at #15 in the Netherlands. The single's music video, directed by Larry Jordan, is a live performance of the song by Carey at Madison Square Garden. The video for the Spanish version of the song, "El Amor Que Soñé," is also a live performance from that night.
A UK CD single for "Open Arms" included the "Daydream" track "I Am Free" and live versions of "Fantasy" and "Vision of Love" (1990). Another version of the CD single comprised the album cuts of "Hero" (1993) and "Without You" (1994), and a radio edit of "I'll Be There" (1992).
UK sales for the song stand at 105,000 units.
Critical reception.
While the album was positively reviewed by critics, Carey's cover of Journey's 1982 song "Open Arms" was universally panned. Bill Lamb felt the song was "uninspired" and wrote "its simply an uninspired song selection." Stephen Thomas Erlewine also criticized the song, calling it "second rate." "Open Arms" received a negative review from Stephen Holden as well, who called it a "sobbing remake." Rolling Stone called it "ill-advised" cover.
Formats and track listings.
European CD single
UK CD single
Australian/European CD maxi-single #1
Australian CD maxi-single #2
European CD maxi-single #2
European CD maxi-single #3

</doc>
<doc id="2910611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910611" title="Red-handed tamarin">
Red-handed tamarin

The red-handed tamarin ("Saguinus midas"), also known as the golden-handed tamarin or Midas tamarin, is a New World monkey named for the contrasting reddish-orange hair on its feet and hands. It is native to wooded areas north of the Amazon River in Brazil, Guyana, French Guiana, Suriname, and possibly Venezuela. A population of tamarins south of the Amazon River that lack the contrasting feet and hands was previously believed to be a sub-population of red-handed tamarins but is now treated as a separate species, the black tamarin.
The red-handed tamarin's body measures ; including the tail it measures . It weighs . Its life expectancy is approximately 10 years in the wild and 16 years in captivity. 
It lives in cooperative groups of 4 to 15 members with little competition within group even between breeding males. Only one female in the group will breed during breeding season with the other females suppressing the instinct. The gestation period is 140–170 days and mothers typically give birth to two offspring. Young tamarins are cared for primarily by the father and turned over to the mother only to nurse, however the entire group helps with the care of the young. Defense is a priority in a group, and when one tamarin is threatened the others will rush to its defense. The red-handed tamarin is territorial and can be aggressive, with sharp canines and claws instead of fingernails on all fingers and all but the large toe.
The red-handed tamarin is an exceptional climber and spends most of its time among the vines and branches of the trees. It is quick and agile and is a superb jumper known to jump distances of over from a tree to the ground with no sign of injury. Its diet consists of fruit, flowers, insects, frogs, spiders, lizards, and nectar. Its natural predators include small cats, birds of prey, and snakes.
Populations of red-handed tamarins appear to be expanding into the historical range of the pied tamarin, with the red-handed tamarin gradually displacing the pied tamarin through interspecific competition.

</doc>
<doc id="2910613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910613" title="Polished plate glass">
Polished plate glass

Polished plate is a type of hand-blown glass. It is produced by casting glass onto a table and then subsequently grinding and polishing the glass. This was originally done by hand, and then later by machine. It was an expensive process requiring a large capital investment.
Other methods of producing hand-blown window glass included: broad sheet, blown plate, crown glass and cylinder blown sheet. These methods of manufacture lasted at least until the end of the 19th century. The early 20th century marks the move away from hand-blown to machine manufactured glass such as rolled plate, machine drawn cylinder sheet, flat drawn sheet, single and twin ground polished plate, and float glass.
The Frenchman, Louis Lucas de Nehou, in 1688, in conjunction with A. Thevart, succeeded in perfecting the process of casting plate-glass. Mirror plates previous to the invention had been made from blown "sheet" glass, and were consequently very limited in size. De Nehou's process of rolling molten glass poured on an iron table rendered the manufacture of very large plates possible.
In 1773 English polished plate (by the French process) was produced at Ravenhead.
By 1800 a steam engine was used to carry out the grinding and polishing of the cast glass.

</doc>
<doc id="2910614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910614" title="Bełżyce">
Bełżyce

Bełżyce is a town in eastern Poland, in the Lublin Voivodeship, in Lublin County, and about 20 km to the west of the city of Lublin. Bełżyce belongs to Lesser Poland.
History.
Middle Ages.
Presumably in the early 13th century one of minor royal castles was situated in area of present city. Soon building was transferred to local magnates, who provided ability to settle a town according to Magdeburg Rights in 1349. In 1416 town settlement process began and next year king Władysław Jagiełło gave an official document, allowing Bełżyce to improve. Firstly, town was populated by farmers, craftsmen, merchants and alcohol producers. First, a wooden church was built and a Catholic parish of St. Paul's conversion was created. Since 1432, while two new privileges acquired, major growth of town has been noticeable – representatives of four different religions lived here together. Catholics and eastern Christians as farmers, protestant craftsmen and Jewish merchants.
Protestant domination.
The 16th and 17th centuries were a period of Protestant influence in the area. Bełżyce became Protestant, Polish Brethren centre of Lesser Poland. In 1558 a Catholic church was given away and transferred into a Protestant one by Andrzej Bzicki, the town mayor. The Protestant “regime” was so well developed, that the mayor issued a directive to residents to take part in services under the punishment of fine or even imprisonment. In 1575, an intellectual religious exchange took place between Rabbi Jacob Nachman of Belzyce and Martin Czechowic of Lublin. The next two centuries were a period of permanent religious riot (with Catholic attempt to retake the church in about 1630), the Cossacks assaults while Khmelnytsky’s uprising (massacre of Jews), fires and plagues of cholera and typhoid fever. A new Catholic church was built in 1670 (the old one was finally given back in 1654) and 113 years later there are no more Protestants in the town, as their church burned in 1783.
Partition period.
In 1796 while Partitions of Poland Bełżyce was acquired by Austrian Empire as well as whole West Galicia. Since 1810 it had been in borders of Duchy of Warsaw and since 1816 – of Congress Poland. 19th century was a period of changes, as a castle was transformed into a distillery. In 1860 the city occupied nearly 950 ha with about 150 buildings. After the January Uprising Bełżyce lost its town rights for nearly 100 years. Two major fires affected the city – first, in 1866, which destroyed 25 buildings, second, in 1913. Almost whole town was destroyed, which caused forming a fire brigade. In 1917 3666 people populates the town, mostly of Jewish nation.
20th century.
20th century affected Bełżyce as well as the rest of the country. In 1939 town was taken by Nazi German Army. Between 1940 and 1943 there was a ghetto, collecting Jews from whole country and abroad, Germany too. In total, 3500 people (60% of residents) died in ghetto, another few thousands was transported to concentration camp Majdanek. At local cemetery there is a collective tomb of those, who died those days.
Second half of 20th century brought little improvements to Bełżyce city. In 1958 town rights was restored. In 1971 “Warmasz” (Warsaw Groceries Machines’ Factory) company opened their branch factory in Bełżyce, later substituted by a creamery equipment factory "Spomasz".
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2910619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910619" title="Sternal angle">
Sternal angle

The sternal angle or angle of Louis, from the Latin "angulus Ludovici" is the anterior angle formed by the junction of the manubrium and the body of the sternum (the manubriosternal junction) in the form of a secondary cartilaginous joint (symphysis). This is also called the manubriosternal joint or Angle of Louis. The sternal angle is a palpable clinical landmark.
Anatomy.
The sternal angle, which varies around 162 degrees in males, marks the approximate level of the 2nd pair of costal cartilages, which attach to the second ribs, and the level of the intervertebral disc between T4 and T5.
The angle also marks a number of other features:

</doc>
<doc id="2910620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910620" title="Damian Perkins">
Damian Perkins

Damian Perkins is a singer, actor, dancer, artist and model. He played Mereb in the original Broadway cast of the Broadway musical Aida and also played the role of Benny in the Canadian tour of the musical Rent. Aside from his work on Broadway, he has made guest appearances in shows such as "", "Family Matters", "Charmed", "Providence", "The Net", "The Sentinel", and "Then Came You".
Perkins has done several pilots and has had major work in indie and studio films, including an amazing 2007 roster, on some of which Damian is producer as well as actor. He is working with some of the industry's top-tier directors, actors and producers, having done over 20 national commercials as well (Levi's, Coca-Cola, Pepsi, Motorola, Pringles, J. C. Penney, and Nike amongst others). Overall, Damian has done over 2,000 live stage performances. He has been interviewed and performed on many TV shows, including The Rosie O'Donnell Show, The Today Show, LA Weekly, The New York Times, BBC, E!, The Toronto Star, XM Satellite and many others. He has directed over 30 productions, including recent plays at the Stella Adler Theater in Hollywood, and has been training many young actors to reap success in TV/Film/Commercials and Theater for over 8 years. Finally, as a fine artist his work is owned by many celebrities and private collectors throughout Japan, Canada, and the United States.
Damian has co-created a new musical called "Divine Lust" with singer/songwriter Glenda Benevides and is projected to open in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="2910624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910624" title="Charles Adler (broadcaster)">
Charles Adler (broadcaster)

Charles Adler (Hungarian: Adler Károly) (born August 25, 1954) is a Hungarian-born Canadian broadcaster.
Biography.
As a child, Adler was smuggled in a backpack out of Hungary by his father during the Hungarian Revolution in 1956. Charles grew up in Montreal, where he started his broadcast career while attending McGill University. After a stint at Radio McGill, Charles became a producer at CKGM (AM) in Montreal in the summer of 1973. From there his love affair with radio grew. He first turned on a professional microphone in the winter of 1974, when he hosted a weeknight rock show at CKXL in Calgary. Within the year he was back in Montreal working at CJAD (AM), followed by work at stations in Hamilton, London, Winnipeg and Toronto. He returned to Calgary in 1989 to launch a talk radio show called "Hot Talk". He followed that with a move to the USA that saw him host a nationally syndicated radio show out of Tampa that hit more than 120 markets. In 1996 he launched a television show called Adler on Line in Boston which a year later earned Adler an Emmy Award for Best Host in New England. 1996 saw him returning to Canada to host the "Charles Adler Show" in Toronto on CFRB (AM). Two years later he was back in Western Canada, hosting "Adler on Line" on CJOB-Winnipeg. In 2001 Adler was the debut host on "Global Sunday", a national Sunday night TV show. Along with numerous appearances on Canadian news and current affairs shows, Adler has also guest hosted in the USA for Sean Hannity on Fox News Channel's television show "Hannity and Colmes." In 2004 Corus Radio launched Adler as a national host of "Charles Adler " which aired on 14 radio stations for more than eight years. In 2011, he began to host a self-titled daily talk series on the Sun News Network that aired weeknights at 8pm and 11pm (et) and ran until September 2013. Adler currently hosts a daily talk show on 680 CJOB in Winnipeg and is a contributor on Sun News Network.

</doc>
<doc id="2910627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910627" title="Valley High School (West Des Moines, Iowa)">
Valley High School (West Des Moines, Iowa)

Valley High School is a three-year public high school in West Des Moines, Iowa, United States. The school hosts grades 10-12. It is run by the West Des Moines Community Schools. Freshmen attend a separate school, Valley Southwoods. 
As of the 2009-10 school year, the school had an enrollment of 2,200 students (largest in the state of Iowa) and 122 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student-teacher ratio of 14.3.
History.
In October 1895, the doors opened to the first established high school in Valley Junction at 415 Seventh Street (the site of the present Phenix Elementary Early Childhood Center). Valley Junction’s first graduation was held on May 31, 1901 with just nine graduates.
By 1916, the population had grown and a bond issue was passed for a new high school. Construction on the three-story $50,000 structure at Eighth and Hillside was competed in 1917.
In 1938, when Valley Junction changed its name, the school district changed, too, becoming the West Des Moines Independent School District. At this time, one high school, a junior high school and three elementary schools served the needs of the community. In the same year and thanks to a grant from the Public Works Administrations, a new concrete stadium was built just north of the high school on Eighth Street.
In 1962, of farmland near 35th and Ashworth Road were purchased by the School Board for $116,000 as a site for a new high school. Construction of Valley High School was completed in four phases from 1963 to 1970. Valley became a four-year high school during the 1971-72 school year. Costing nearly $5.5 million, Valley High School stretched almost one-quarter of a mile from end to end. Also in 1971, Valley opened the Metropolitan Conference’s newest and largest gymnasium. Additional classrooms, science labs, and other student spaces have been added over the years.
The first year that the new school was open, it was used for classrooms for some sixth grade students and for the 9th grade year of the class of 1970. The next year, it became a three-year high school. The graduating class of 1975 was the first class to attend 4 years in the new building.
Academics.
Valley offers almost 190 academic courses, including 17 Advanced Placement Program (AP) courses.
Valley also has recently started an Honors Program, which is meant to be comparable to the IB (International Baccalaureate) Program. This program allows for highly motivated and advanced students to take college-level courses sooner than normal.
Valley also has a "designated scholars" program, which allows students to specialize in one specific area of academics, such as math.
Athletics.
Valley High is well known throughout Iowa for its strong athletics. It has won 70 State Championships. The school has been honored as the top school for 4A athletics in Iowa by the "Des Moines Register" in 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008 and 2010.
Valley's former Athletic Director, Steve Duncan, was named the National High School Athletic Director of the year in 2006.
Football
The Valley High School football team has a successful past. They became a power in the mid-1970s when head coach Lee Crawford took over. In 1977, Valley's football team was the first Metro school to defeat Dowling Catholic in a decade, in a strange game held over two evenings due to a severe thunderstorm. They are a perennial power in the state of Iowa and have amassed a record of 306-122 in its tenure. Under head coach Gary Swenson the Tigers won the Iowa State 4A Championships in 2002, 2003, 2005,2008, and 2011. They've been to the semifinal game 9 times in the last 10 years. They are tied with Dowling Catholic High School, their rival, in playoff appearances. They went to the State Championship Finals from 2002-2005.
Baseball
The Valley High School Baseball team won the 4A state title four years in a row (2003, 2004, 2005, 2006).
Softball
The Valley High School Girls Softball Team won State titles in 1990, 2003, 2005, 2007, 2010.
Girls Swimming
The Valley High School Girls Swimming and Diving team won the state title in 1974, 1975, in addition to winning it four years in a row (2005, 2006, 2007, and 2008).
Girls Track and Field
The Valley High School Girls won the 4A State Track and Field Meet in 1998, 2003, and 2006.
Girls Soccer
The Valley High School Girls Soccer Team won the 4A State title in 2003, 2005, 2006,2007, 2010.
Boys Soccer
The Valley High School Boys Soccer club won the state title 1996, 1997, 2001, and 2006.
Boys Track and Field
The Valley High School Boys' Track and Field won the State title in Outdoor Track and Field in 1942, 1955, 1998, 2003 and 2006.
The Valley High School Boys' Track and Field won the State title in Indoor Track and Field in 1951 and 1952.
The Valley High School Boys' Track and Field won the State title in the Pentathlon in 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001 and 2002.
Boys Swimming
The Valley High School Boys Swim Team won the 4A State title in 1984 and 2010.
Boys Tennis
The Valley High School Boys' Tennis Team won the State title in 1985, 1986, 1993, 2010.
Girls Golf
The Valley High School Girls' Golf Team won State title in 1968, 1970, 1976, 1977, 1978, 1979, 3A in 1982, 1983, and 4A in 2006
Boys Golf
The Valley High School Boys' Golf Team won State title in 1976, 1988, 2007, and 2011.
Synchronized Swimming (No longer sanctioned by IGHSAU)
The Valley High School Girls Synchronized Swim Team won the State title in 1979, 1980 and 1981.
Girls Tennis 
The Valley High School Girls Tennis Team won the State title in 1993, 2A in 1994 and 2001.
Boys Basketball
The Valley High School Boy's Basketball Team won the 4A state title in 1993, and were runners-up in 2014. From 2010-2014, they were coached by former Iowa star Jeff Horner.
Arts.
The Arts, performing, aural, and visual, reflect the soul of Valley's strong tradition of success. The study of Art History, Art Criticism, Art Production, and Aesthetics guides the curriculum in the Visual Arts Department.
The Valley Music Department was honored with the first GRAMMY Signature School award in 1999. The 240-member Valley Marchmasters were selected to perform in the 2004 Tournament of Roses Parade. In March 2007, the band traveled to Dublin, Ireland to march in the Saint Patrick's Day Parade.
In addition to the strong band program, Valley's orchestra has completed concert tours in Austria and Italy. The director of the orchestra is Phil Peters, who also teaches AP Music Theory and plays double bass in the Des Moines Symphony. In June 2007, the orchestra traveled to New York City, New York to play at Carnegie Hall as part of NYBOF'07.
The school's Choir Department is currently headed by Ryan Deignan and Haley Gibbons. The show choir, jazz and core ensembles have performed in several national and international festivals from Carnegie Hall to Disney World, receiving awards at many tournaments. The varsity show choir (Choralation) attended FAME Hawaii in March 2008. A new Junior Varsity show choir (Ignition) debuted at the beginning of the 2008-2009 school year; Choralation Varsity is currently conducted by Ryan Deignan while Ignition Junior Varsity is conducted by Haley Gibbons.
Drama participants, directed by Drama and Speech teacher, Stacy Hansen, have been selected as Iowa High School Speech Association All-State performers and have received the All-State Sweepstakes Trophy, as well as the Critic’s Choice Award. The Drama Department is defending the All-State Sweepstakes trophy for the fourth year in a row.
The school newspaper is the Spotlight, a member of the High School National Ad Network. In the early 1980s, the Spotlight was named the best high school newspaper in the United States, earning a Pacemaker Award from the Columbia Scholastic Press Association. Additionally, many of the student journalists who worked on the Spotlight have received awards and other recognition from sources such as the Columbia Scholastic Press Association, the Los Angeles Times / National Scholastic Press Association, the Quill and Scroll, and the Journalism Education Association.
The school also has a high school radio station, KWDM, which broadcasts from 6am to 6pm, Monday through Friday. It is one of only two high school radio programs in Iowa and the only high school program in the state to have a fully digital production and on-air studio.
Former Valley principal Vicky Poole was named Principal of the Year (2006) by the American News Teachers Association.
The Bakers Dozen is the school's Mime and Improv Troupe. The troupe started in 1969 and has been performing around the Des Moines area for over 40 years. The Baker's Dozen, or "BD" as it is more commonly known, is a student run organization, and currently consists of 13 members. They perform two official shows a year, along with various smaller shows around the community. The two annual shows are the Fall Nite o' Mime, and Spring Nite o' Mime.
The troupe is known for its mix of traditional mime technique and topical subject matter, practicing what is known as pantomime. 
The Baker's Dozen performs in Valley High School's filled Auditorium. Each show consists of about 20 skits, some comedies and others carrying important and meaningful messages. The shows also include the "Storybook" segment, in which the mimes use satire to poke fun at current events within the school and around the world. All skits performed are written by members of The Baker's Dozen and are then rehearsed for a week before the show, as lighting and sound is worked into every skit. Each member writes skits and votes on the skits in order to make the highest quality show for the audience. 
Every year the senior members leave the troupe after the Spring Nite o' Mime, and the following year after the fall Nite o' Mime new "baby mimes" are chosen to replace the seniors. The troupe is currently sponsored by Ted VanDeventer. One notable former member is Peter Hedges, a Film director and screenwriter
Activities.
Valley High School won the 2006 National High School Mock Trial Championship, held in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma and more recently won the state competition in 2011. Valley has a large selection of clubs for students to participate in.
Valley Southwoods.
In 1995, the West Des Moines school board voted to create Valley Southwoods, a school built specifically to house the 9th grade. Valley Southwoods was completed in the summer of 1996. The current principal is Mr. Mitch Kuhnert.
Safe Schools.
Valley, and the West Des Moines Community School District, are known for having and working toward a more open and accepting environment for people from all walks of life. Chet Culver, the former Governor of Iowa signed trailblazing legislation in 2008 at Valley that required all school districts to update their harassment policies, including gender identity, a classification which is frequently ignored across the country and across the world. Beyond legislation, Valley and its district is active in enforcing their own policies and improving the climate for all students, best illustrated when Superintendent Dr. Tom Narak was the first recipient of the Kathy Collins Reilly “Courage in Education Award” which recognizes educators for courage and work for student equality.
Construction.
Construction at Valley was completed in 2008. Construction included demolishing the former east wing which housed language arts and social studies classrooms, expanding the parking lot, and building a new two-story southwest wing that houses the social studies, language arts, and visual arts departments. The school's media center was also demolished as a part of the former east wing and is now at the center of the school, along with the rebuilt administrative offices and counseling offices. More construction is planned for the near future, including a new auditorium.

</doc>
<doc id="2910631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910631" title="Frosty Forst">
Frosty Forst

Bryan "Frosty" Forst (born September 6, 1938) is a former broadcaster on CKNW radio in Vancouver, British Columbia. He retired in May 2005 after about 40 years on the air at the same station.
Early history.
Forst was raised in Vancouver's Kerrisdale neighborhood. He comes from a prominent local family; the Forst family business (in furniture and appliances) had several locations around the Lower Mainland. Forst Stores sponsored the noon news on the hillbilly station in New Westminster for many years.
Forst graduated from Magee High School in 1956 and proceeded to pursue his passion for radio by taking a training course in broadcasting run by John Ansell of CKWX. Through contacts at school he made a connection with CKPG in north central British Columbia. He arrived in Prince George in 1956 and spent some time in training, but was chosen as Teen Jock at Vancouver's CJOR a year later, replacing Red Robinson. Bruno Cimolai was his co-host at CJOR. 
In 1958, Forst returned to AM 600 to read the news, but was forced to leave again. Disappointed, he started exploring other occupations, and spent some time working in a warehouse for a women's undergarment store. Frustration with this job led him to a new North Vancouver station -- CKLG, which was playing to the older MOR crowd—in 1959.
Becoming "Frosty".
Forst became "Frosty" in 1960, when he was hired by CFUN. There, he teamed up with Al Jordon, Dave McCormick, Ken Chang and Brian Lord to become the Good Guys, who were on air 24 hours a day with modern music, bringing the local radio market into the modern world.
Within three years, many of the CFUN staff had taken jobs elsewhere. Forst, following his father's advice, sought a position at CKNW, where he was hired by program director Hal Davis in 1964. From there he advanced to a million-dollar contract, a vast audience, and 31 years as CKNW's morning air personality. His ratings in Canada remain unsurpassed.
Forst's life has been turbulent. He has had a number of marriages and other romantic relationships, and sired a second family late in life. Throughout his career, he had legal and public-relations issues, but his fans stayed faithful and his popularity seldom wavered.

</doc>
<doc id="2910635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910635" title="Benji Marshall">
Benji Marshall

Benjamin Quentin "Benji" Marshall (born 25 February 1985) is a professional rugby league footballer, currently playing for NRL club the St George Illawarra Dragons.
He was previously a professional rugby union player with the Blues of the Super 15. He also previously played rugby league as a goal-kicking five-eighth/halfback and was the captain of the New Zealand national team, with whom he won the 2008 World Cup and 2010 Four Nations tournaments.
Marshall played for ten seasons in the National Rugby League for Sydney club Wests Tigers, with whom he won the 2005 NRL Premiership. He has been noted for his flamboyant attack, including sidesteps, no-look passes and flick-passes. In 2010 Marshall won the Golden Boot Award for the world's best player.
Background.
Marshall was raised without his biological father, but has spoken of the influence of his foster-father Michael Doherty, and other men within his extended family. He has said he had, "10 or 11 fathers … which is not a bad thing." He was a pupil at Whakatane High School. The eldest of three brothers, he was offered a scholarship to play for a high school in Gold Coast, Queensland when he was 16. While attending Keebra Park State High School, Marshall played for the Australian Schoolboys team in 2003, and also represented Australia in touch football that same year. Although eligible to represent Australia, Marshall declared his allegiance to the New Zealand Kiwis early in his career.
Professional playing career.
Rugby league.
2000s.
Marshall made his NRL debut on 27 July 2003, at age 18 against the Newcastle Knights, coming on as a replacement in the 14th minute as fullback. The Wests Tigers won that game 52–12. Marshall continued to make appearances for Wests Tigers for the remainder of 2003, when his studies allowed, playing half back.
In 2004, Marshall starred in the pre-season World Sevens competition helping the Wests Tigers to win the tournament. He began the NRL season playing centre until he dislocated his shoulder against the North Queensland Cowboys. During his time off the Tigers struggled in attack. When he returned after four weeks off he was moved to the play making position of five-eighth. From there, Marshall set the club on a record 3 match winning streak. He dislocated the same shoulder four weeks into his return and his 2004 season was ended as he had surgery.
In 2005, Marshall injured his other shoulder in the opening minutes of the first trial (practice) match. After missing the opening round match, Marshall played five-eighth for the club's second match of the year against defending premiers, the Bulldogs. With an injury free run, Marshall demonstrated a passing, running, and kicking game to complement his stepping. He was able to score individual tries and set-up tries for his team-mates. Marshall also made his New Zealand debut in the 2005 ANZAC Test. Marshall was a member of the Wests Tigers that defeated North Queensland Cowboys in the 2005 NRL grand final, where he famously set up a 90-metre try to Pat Richards, which was considered to be one of the best tries of grand final history. The try involved a trademark 'flick pass', at about the 50-metre line to Richards. Marshall was named as New Zealand five-eighth for the 2005 Tri Nations tour. However, surgery on his weak shoulder in the off-season ruled him out and he also missed the 2006 World Club Challenge.
In 2006, Marshall made his comeback from surgery against St George Illawarra but broke his cheek bone. He played the rest of the match and set up the winning try.
Making his comeback against the Cowboys Marshall set up many tries with a mixture of stepping and perceptiveness. In the 79th minute he was injured by Cowboy's prop Carl Webb. He popped his shoulder out but recovered in three weeks, playing for New Zealand in the ANZAC test. With another injury-free run he began producing dominating performances for the Tigers but eight weeks into his come-back he dislocated the same shoulder that had been dislocated against North Queensland, and he missed the rest of the season.
2007.
In 2007, Marshall again made his comeback from injury against the Melbourne Storm in Round 1. Marshall had to adapt to changes within the team such as the departure of halfback, Scott Prince, and the added responsibility of goal kicking while fullback, Brett Hodgson, was recovering from a knee injury. Marshall was selected to play for the New Zealand national team at five-eighth in the 2007 ANZAC Test, kicking one goal in the 6–30 loss against Australia. In round 8, Marshall sustained a fractured shoulder in a tackle where his arm was jammed between Melbourne's Israel Folau and the Tiger's Taniela Tuiaki.
Following the season, Marshall missed the Centenary Trans-Tasman Test due to injury and the New Zealand Kiwis went-on losing 0-58 against Australia at Westpac Stadium in Wellington, New Zealand, which had give New Zealand their worst/biggest ever history margin-defeat by Australia in a Trans-Tasman Test Rivalry Showdown. Marshall also missed the Kiwis' Tour of Great Britain and France 4-Test games. The Kiwis end-up losing their 3 Test games to Great Britain, but won 28-22 against France.
2008.
In 2008 Marshall's injury troubles continued when he suffered a knee ligament tear in the third minute of the season's opening game. He returned in round 7. Halfway through 2008, coach Tim Sheens' announced his plan to move Marshall to the halfback position during the 2009 season, going as far as encouraging New Zealand coach Stephen Kearney to play Marshall in this role during the 2008 World Cup. The suggestion was declined.
"Benji equals anybody I've seen in terms of flair, and making something happen. He is a remarkable talent, born out of living on the edge. That's the way he is. He was made to be a footballer." -Wayne Bennett 
In October 2008, Marshall was named in the final 24-man Kiwi squad. Marshall captained New Zealand for the first time on 8 November 2008, in a World Cup match against England. Marshall scored a try and kicked two conversions in the Kiwis' 2008 Rugby League World Cup final victory over the Kangaroos. It was the Kiwis first ever World Cup victory, in a game they were considered, "massive underdogs."
2009.
In round one of the 2009 season, Marshall started at halfback alongside John Morris at five-eighth. By the third round of the season, Marshall began to make an impact in his new role, helping the team to a 40–24 win over the Sydney Roosters.
In March 2009, despite speculation that he might play rugby union in Japan, Marshall signed with the Wests Tigers for a further two seasons through to the end of 2011. Following Kiwis captain Nathan Cayless' retirement from international football in 2009, Marshall was named as captain in that year's ANZAC Test.
Marshall returned to his old position of five-eighth from July 2009, though both Marshall and coach Tim Sheens insisted that Marshall had been switching between first and second receiver throughout the entire season. Marshall went on to be named at 5/8 in the Team of the Year as chosen by The Rugby League International Federation.
In early 2009 Marshall signed a further extension with the Tigers, to stay at the club until the end of the 2015 season, saying, "I just can't see myself as anything other than a one-club man."
2010.
As captain of New Zealand, Marshall was an automatic selection for the NRL All Stars in 2010.
In March 2010, Marshall scored two tries against the Parramatta Eels to become the highest try-scorer for the Wests Tigers, breaking the record of 43 previously held by Daniel Fitzhenry. For the 2010 Anzac Test, he captained New Zealand at five-eighth in their loss against Australia. Later that year, in a match against the Titans, Marshall kicked a 51-metre long field goal, considered to be the longest in NRL history. 2010 was the first season that Marshall had played without missing a game due to injury, and his form was thought to be close to his career-best. He played in 34 games in 2010, the most of any NRL player.
After leading the Kiwis to victory in the 2010 Four Nations tournament, Marshall won Rugby League World Golden Boot Award for international footballer of the year. "Big League" magazine named him one of the year's five top players.
2011.
As New Zealand captain, Marshall was again an automatic selection in the 2011 All Stars Match.
In March 2011, Marshall was charged with assault after another man sustained a facial injury during an altercation with Marshall at a McDonald's restaurant in Sydney. In August, the judge dismissed the case, saying she had reasonable doubt that the injury was caused by Marshall.
In round 14 of the 2011 season, Marshall scored 2 tries against the New Zealand Warriors. He had then scored a try against every team in the NRL. Before the end of the season he had eclipsed Brett Hodgson as the highest scorer in the short history of the Wests Tigers, having amassed 797 points in 151 games. Marshall was the top point-scorer for the 2011 NRL season. After the post-season test against Australia in Newcastle, Marshall travelled to England with the Kiwis for the 2011 Four Nations tournament.
On 3 November 2011 The annual RLIF Awards dinner was held at the Tower of London and Marshall was named stand-off half back of the year.
2012.
Marshall began the 2012 season by captaining the NRL All Stars team to victory in the inaugural Arthur Beetson trophy. He was one of the few players to appear in every Wests Tigers game for the year and, despite the club's poor showing, led the NRL in try assists and line-break assists in the regular season. With the departure of Robert Lui in the off-season, the club tried a number of players at halfback in 2012, before Marshall switched from five-eighth in May.
In the second last game of the regular season, Marshall kicked two goals to become the first Wests Tigers and 43rd player in the Australian competition to score one thousand points. At the end of the season he was nominated for the Dally M halfback of the year.
2013.
As encumbent New Zealand national captain, Marshall was selected to play in the 2013 NRL All Stars game. Weeks later, New Zealand coach Stephen Kearney announced that Marshall had been dropped as the team's captain. Marshall said, "It was the proudest moment of my career, captaining my country. I was lucky enough that I got to break the record for most caps as Kiwi captain. The decision was Steve's and the New Zealand Rugby League's, and it's just a decision I'm just going to have to live with."
By May 2013, with the Wests Tigers in a losing streak, Marshall was dropped to the bench because of poor form. Coach Mick Potter said, "We needed to change something around. We can't just keep doing what we've been doing and expect a result. Benji, as you could imagine, was disappointed. Disappointed is probably not hard enough." Marshall later admitted he was playing badly and without confidence. "This year, I've hardly taken the line on and I've hardly been tackled. Over the first six rounds I was barely contributing to the team," he said.
In July 2013, Marshall sought a release from the remaining two years of his contract with Wests Tigers to pursue a career in rugby union, after the club declined to offer him a contract extension and upgrade that had been previously verbally agreed upon. He finished the remainder of the season before leaving, and left the Wests Tigers as the club's all time top try and point scorer.
Rugby union.
2014.
In August Marshall entered negotiations with the Blues to play Super Rugby in New Zealand. He indicated his desire to play for the Auckland team, even if it meant a pay cut and the probability of starting on the bench.
He signed with the Blues and was confirmed via Blues official YouTube channel. He signed a two-year deal with the Auckland franchise worth close to $500,000 a season. Blues coach Sir John Kirwan hinted that number 10 (first five-eighth), not 15 (fullback), may be Marshall's ideal position.
In February 2014, Marshall made his Super Rugby debut for the Blues against the Highlanders at Forsyth Barr Stadium in Dunedin coming on off the bench in the 59th minute playing at Fullback which resulted in a re-shuffle with Charles Piutau shifting to the centres. In his debut game he set-up a line-break assist to Peter Saili, which led to a try to Patrick Tuipulotu. However, the Blues end-up losing 21-29.
On 15 March 2014, Marshall made his first appearance at fullback for the Blues for the clash against the South African team, the at Ellis Park Stadium in Johannesburg. During the game, he scored his first Super Rugby try in the second half of the game (in the 80th minute). He made 10 runs (130 metres), 2 line-breaks, 3 Offloads and 2 Try-Assists - setting-up a try to team outside-backs Frank Halai (in the 65th minute) and George Moala (in the 71st minute). Unfortunately, the Blues end-up losing 36-39. Despite the loss, Marshall made a couple of great touches with the ball and produce a strong performance in the game. Following round 5 (of the 2014 Super Rugby Season), Marshall was named at Fullback in the Fox-Sports' Round 5 Super Rugby 'Team of the week'.
However, on 23 April 2014, having made just one start and six appearances, Marshall was released from his contract with the Blues.
Return to Rugby league.
2014.
On 9 May 2014, Marshall signed a two-and-a-half year contract with the St George Illawarra Dragons.

</doc>
<doc id="2910638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910638" title="Missouri Valley Intercollegiate Athletic Association">
Missouri Valley Intercollegiate Athletic Association

The Missouri Valley Intercollegiate Athletic Association was the second college conference formed, and dates its existence to 1907. In 1928, the conference was split apart, with two conferences formed, both of which claimed to be the legitimate heir to the MVIAA history. What would become the Missouri Valley Conference retained the same administrative staff. What would ultimately become the Big Eight Conference would retain the Missouri Valley Intercollegiate Athletic Association name. These two conference are/were

</doc>
<doc id="2910641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910641" title="List of Justice League episodes">
List of Justice League episodes

"Justice League" and "Justice League Unlimited" are American animated series about a team of superheroes which ran from 2001 to 2006 on Cartoon Network. In April 2006 reruns began airing on Cartoon Network's sister channel Boomerang, and in Canada it is also shown on Teletoon every Friday night for Superfan Fridays. It is based on the Justice League and associated comic book characters published by DC Comics.
After the second season, the show is renamed "Justice League Unlimited", has a vastly expanded cast of characters, and largely changes from two-part episodes to single-episode stand-alone stories that often intertwine to form long (even season-long) story arcs. Combined, there are a total of 91 episodes, along with two crossover episodes of "Static Shock" in which the League appears.
The show is the last in a series of animated features that together constitute what is known as the DC animated universe (though "Batman Beyond" and "The Zeta Project" take place later in the same continuity). It consists of a series of eight television shows and four films, largely surrounding DC Comics characters and their respective mythos.
"Justice League" episodes.
"Static Shock" Crossovers.
Note that chronologically, these episodes must have taken place prior to "Starcrossed", as they make use of the original Watchtower.
"Justice League Unlimited" episodes.
After the first two seasons the show changed its two part episode format and was renamed "Justice League Unlimited". As such, the series ran three more seasons from July 2004 to May 2006. These episodes featured an evolved Justice League that include a wide array of superheroes and supervillains from the DC Comics universe.
See also.
The comic series spun off from the show ("Justice League Adventures" and "Justice League Unlimited" respectively), are loosely set in the same continuity as the series. They occasionally use characters unavailable for use on the show, such as Blue Beetle, Mary Marvel, Power Girl, Black Lightning and Firestorm and sometimes contradict events already shown, such as Wonder Woman remembering the events from "The Once and Future Thing".
Matt Wayne (who wrote "Chaos At Earth's Core", "Flash & Substance", and "Patriot Act") wrote issues 37 and 38 of the comic. His stories are based on unused episode ideas.

</doc>
<doc id="2910667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910667" title="Cylinder blown sheet glass">
Cylinder blown sheet glass

Cylinder blown sheet is a type of hand-blown window glass. It is created with a similar process to broad sheet, but larger cylinders are produced by swinging the cylinder in a trench. The glass is then allowed to cool before the cylinder is cut. The glass is then re-heated and flattened. The result is much larger panes and improved surface quality over broad sheet. 
In this manufacturing process glass is blown into a cylindrical iron mould. The ends are cut off and a cut is made down the side of the cylinder. The cut cylinder is then placed in an oven where the cylinder unrolls into a flat glass sheet. William J. Blenko used this method in the early 1900s to make stained glass. These imperfect panes have led to the misconception that glass is actually a high-viscosity fluid at room temperature, which is not the case.
Other methods of producing hand-blown window glass included broad sheet, blown plate, crown glass and polished plate. These methods of manufacture lasted at least until the end of the 19th Century. The early 20th Century marks the move away from hand-blown to machine manufactured glass such as rolled plate, machine drawn cylinder sheet, the Fourcault process of flat drawn sheet, single and twin ground polished plate and most common, float glass.
Cylinder blown sheet glass was manufactured in the UK in the mid 19th Century. It had been manufactured in France and Germany (and imported to the UK) since the 18th Century.

</doc>
<doc id="2910681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910681" title="Blarg">
Blarg

Blarg or Blargg may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2910682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910682" title="Akshardham Temple attack">
Akshardham Temple attack

The Akshardham Attack was an act of violence planned and carried out by members of the Lashkar-e-Taiba terrorist organization at the Akshardham Temple Complex in Gandhinagar, Gujarat on 24 September 2002. This attack, conducted by Murtuza Hafiz Yasin and Ashraf Ali Mohammed Farooq, killed 33 individuals and wounded 70 others. In the wake of this terrorist attack, Pramukh Swami Maharaj, the living guru of BAPS Swaminarayan Sanstha, appealed to all the people of Gujarat and India to maintain peace—an appeal noted by citizens, politicians, and religious leaders around the world as a compassionate approach, in contrast to the retaliatory sentiments seen in previous religious riots and violence in Gujarat.
The Akshardham Temple Complex is a Hindu house of worship dedicated to Bhagwan Swaminarayan, built by the BAPS Swaminarayan Sanstha and inaugurated by Pramukh Swami Maharaj on 2 November 1992.
Healing: The Aftermath of the Attack.
Appeal for peace by Pramukh Swami Maharaj
At the time of the attack, the head of BAPS Swaminarayan Sanstha, Pramukh Swami Maharaj, was in Sarangpur, Gujarat in a meeting to discuss the ongoing BAPS earthquake rehabilitation program in Kutch. When informed about the Gandhinagar Akshardham attack, he stated, "The terrorists have killed people in Akshardham; let us pray to God that no further people are killed and the terrorists are caught." Later that evening, while the attack was ongoing, Pramukh Swami Maharaj issued the following appeal to the citizens of Gujarat and of India to remain calm and maintain peace and harmony:
“The merciless terrorist attack on innocent pilgrims at Akshardham - a spiritual and cultural complex - in Gandhinagar, Gujarat, is a matter of great shock and anguish for the entire world. The death of innocent people is painful and heartrending. I offer my condolences and prayers to Bhagwan Swaminarayan for peace for the innocent souls who have departed and for their near and dear ones to be able to bear this terrible calamity. For those who have been injured, I offer my sympathies and prayers for their quick recovery. I appeal to all the people of Gujarat and India to maintain peace and unity in the wake of this national tragedy."
Later that week, Pramukh Swami Maharaj released another message to all:
I pray to Bhagwan Swaminarayan to bless those who have died with peace, and provide their families with inner strength to bear this calamity. During such terrible events, prayer to God is the only means to overcome grief; through prayer one attains inner peace.
I thank all national and international spiritual leaders, government officials, the National Security Guard and police, doctors and staff of Civil Hospital, Ahmedabad Electricity Company, Gandhinagar Fire Brigade, private doctors and blood donors, voluntary organizations, TV and print media, dignitaries and all those young and old who have offered their condolences and support.
I offer my appreciation to the brave National Security Guard and police who foiled the efforts of and killed the terrorists. My deepest condolences to the commandos and police who died in the confrontation. On this occasion of mourning, let us share each other's grief and bear the pain with prayer, unity and peace.
I pray at the holy feet of Bhagwan Swaminarayan, Aksharbrahma Gunatitanand Swami, Bhagatji Maharaj, Shastriji Maharaj, Yogiji Maharaj and all the divine incarnations and holy sages that such a horrifying act never happens to anyone, anywhere in the world.”
At the prayer ceremony for the victims, attended by 15,000 mourners, Pramukh Swami declared, “All religions are good. Everyone must have a sphere to observe his religion.” 
Response to Peace Appeal
The Gujarat government also took the stance to maintain peace within the region and a resolve to promote solidarity, including the Prime Minister of India Mr. Vajpayee, the Deputy PM Mr. Advani, Governor of Gujarat Mr. Sundersinh Bhandari, Chief Minister of Gujarat Mr. Narendra Modi, and Congress Party Leader Sonia Gandhi. Heads of the Muslim community in Ahmedabad also came to meet Pramukh Swami Maharaj to offer their condolences and condemned the terrorist attack in Akshardham. Unlike previous terrorist attacks in Gujarat, which ignited riots and religious unrest, the non-violent response by Pramukh Swami Maharaj—a key teaching in the BAPS Swaminarayan Sampraday—evoked praise from numerous outlets, which can be found here:
On October 8, 2002, Kaushik Joshi wrote in the Times of India, 
Brigadier Raj Seethapathy, the head of the Black Cat Commando unit that responded to the attack, presented a case study on BAPS’ approach to the tragedy, titled, ‘Akshardham Response: How to challenge an attack with calm and peace,’ in which he reflected, 
Dr Rowan Williams, the Archbishop of Canterbury spoke on 29 January 2005, during a BAPS sponsored interfaith event at the Swaminarayan Mandir in London, of the example set by Pramukh Swami Maharaj, in his efforts for reconciliation in India and throughout the world. He stated,
The Milli Gazette, Indian Muslims’ leading English newspaper, wrote: 
Reopening of the Temple.
Fourteen days after the terrorist attack, the Akshardham complex in Gandhinagar was reopened to the public on 7 October 2002. As advised by government officials, increased security measures were taken to ensure the safety of the volunteers and visitors, including stationing the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) of Gujarat at the complex, requiring visitors have to pass through a metal detector, increasing the height of the boundary wall, and installing CCTV's around the campus.
The Investigation.
Summary
The intense investigation began soon after terrorists attacked Akshardham on 24 September 2002 and has continued to the present day. Initially, many of the reports provided conflicting accounts of the attack and conspirators due to the lack of sufficient information. The following section chronologically highlights the progression of the investigation, providing the details of conflicting reports and amendments to those reports as additional evidence surfaced. A short summary of the Akshardham Attack Case Verdict is provided below:
The aforementioned individuals also had to pay various fines for their terrorist activities ranging from Rs 85,000 to Rs 100,000. In addition to the six accused in the trial, the two terrorists that carried out the attack, namely, Murtuza Hafiz Yasin and Ashraf Ali Mohammed Farooq, were killed by the NSG during the attack. Aside from these conspirators, 26 individuals that played a role in planning and executing the attack absconded. The details of the investigation provided below include the names of some of the absconders that were found or interrogated.
After the POTA court sentenced the aforementioned convicts, Majid Patel and Shaktaullah Ghauri were arrested in 2008 and 2009 respectively, placed in judicial custody and put on trial. On 25 December 2012, the Supreme Court requested the POTA court to speed up the trial and close the case within six months. On 16 May 2014, the Supreme Court acquitted the six individuals allegedly involved in the attack.
Initial Phase
Shortly after the 14 hour ordeal ended, the police began their investigation. According to Brigadier Raj Seetapathy, the gunmen carried letters in Urdu which affirmed their connection with an organization called Tehrik-E-Kasas or Movement for Revenge, a previously unknown group to law enforcement officials. The letters suggested that the gunmen carried out the attack “because they could not tolerate what happened to children, women and Muslims during the Gujarat riots.” The letters were translated for the National Security Guard (NSG) by Maulana Dawood Kausar Ashrafi of the Jama Masjid of Gandhinagar. Upon reading these letters, the officials believed that Tehrik-e-Kasas was formed specifically to avenge the Gujarat riots.
On 27 September 2002, Gujarat Police Chief K.Chakravarty interrogated the driver, Raju Thakur and car owner, Mansukh Acharya, who had provided the white Ambassador with plate number GJ-1-U-2234 for the attack. Raju Thakur explained that he transported the terrorists from Kalupur to Askhardham for Rs 120. Initial reports suggested that the terrorists arrived at the Kalupur railway station between 2:00pm and 3:00pm IST. During this interrogation, Raju Thakur and Mansukh Acharya informed the Gujarat police that they would be able to identify the militants from photos. The identity of the two terrorists was also established on 27 September 2002. The investigators claimed that the two terrorists, Mohammad Amjad (Lahore) and Hafiz Yaseen (Peshawar), were connected with terrorist groups Lashkar-i-Taiba and Jaish-i-Mohammad. A periodical published in Pakistan which included pictures of these two men in the columns dedicated to the dead was a major lead in establishing the identity of the terrorists.
Initially, the local crime branch was investigating the case, but after much deliberation the case was transferred to the Anti-Terrorist Squad. Consequently, approximately two weeks after the attack, the Forensic Science Laboratory received a set of articles collected from the temple premises and bodies. The FSL planned to analyze these materials in order to trace the origins of the conspiracy. In addition to the belongings of the terrorists, the FSL also received samples of grenade splinters and cartridges in order to ascertain their origin as well. While investigation agencies had suggested that the terrorists were foreigners, the evidence collected thus far suggested otherwise. The terrorists’ undergarments, clothes and dry fruits were all purchased locally from the Kalupur area. During the initial months of the investigation, insufficient evidence resulted in conflicting reports and dead ends. Police officers and investigators claimed that they did not have sufficient information to establish basic information like “whether the killers came by train at all, and who their accomplices were.” Over a month after the attack, the investigators claimed that they did not have any vital leads. Leena Mishra, a Times of India journalist noted that there is “only conflict about their identity and confusion about their number.”
On 27 December 2002, the Anti-Terrorist Squad identified the two terrorists as Kashmiris, affiliated with Lashkar-e-Taiba and based in Jammu and ruled out the possibility of local contacts in the first breakthrough after claiming that this case reached a deadlock. In the subsequent months, the investigation continued.
Second Phase: Chand Khan’s Revelation
On Friday, 29 August 2003, City Police Commissioner, K.R. Kaushik, told media persons that five people connected with the Akshardham case were arrested from various parts of the city. Furthermore, Kaushik stated that the conspiracy to attack Akshardham was planned in Riyadh and hatched by militant outfits, Jaish-I-Mohammad, Lashkar-I-Taiba and ISI Inter-Services Intelligence. In September 2003, reports suggesting that Hyderabadis were involved in the Akshardham attack conspiracy surfaced; however, the City Police Commissioner M V Krishna Rao dismissed these reports as mere speculation. Three days after the police claimed that there was no link between the Akshardham attack and Hyderabad, the Hyderabad police officials admitted that they were unaware of the investigations being carried out by the Gujarat counterparts. Even a year after the investigations began, conflicting reports continued. Even though the Gujarat police claimed they solved the case in August 2003 by arresting five individuals involved in the Akshardham Attack Conspiracy, a senior officer of the Jammu Kashmir police force, claimed that Chand Khan of Bareilly was one of the main individuals involved in the case. The Jammu Kashmir police arrested Khan while he was on his way from Anantnag. This evidence contradicted the claims made by Ahmedabad police who had arrested five individuals, namely, Salim Hanif Shaikh, Altaf Akbar Hussain Malek, Aadaam Suleman Ajmeri, Mufti Abdulqayyum Mansuri and Maulana Abdullamiya Sayyed involved in the case. The Ahmedabad police claimed that the Akshardham attack was planned in Riyadh and discussed in Ahmedabad. However, the Jammu Kashmir police claimed that the attack was planned in Anantnag. Chand Khan spoke to the Times of India while in custody and explained that he and two Lashkar-e-Taiba militants from Pakistan, Shakeel and Abdullah left Anantnag on 19 September 2002 for Ahmedabad in an Ambassador car (license no KMT-413), on orders from Lakshar’s Anantnag commander Abdullah Mansoor. First, Chand Khan and the two militants went to Bareilly, his home town, to drop off his wife and daughter. Thereafter, they took a train to Jaipur on 21 September 2002. During their travels, they carried their weapons in a bedding roll. From Jaipur, the three men boarded a bus for Ahmedabad on 22 September 2002. Upon arriving in Ahmedabad on 23 September, they checked in at the Gulshan Guest House. At 2pm on September 24, they checked out of the guest house and hired a taxi from the railway station to take them to the Akshardham Temple Complex. Shakeel and Abdullah got into it carrying the haversack with arms and ammunition. The two fidayeen militants then carried out the attack while Chand Khan headed back to Kashmir. Upon returning to Kashmir, the Anantnag LeT chief Yasin awarded Chand Khan Rs 30,000 in reward. Even though Chand Khan allegedly confessed and revealed the origins of the conspiracy, the Gujarat police believed the Khan, who was in the custody of Jammu Kashmir police was not telling the whole truth. D G Vanzara, DCP (crime), before leaving for J&K to interrogate Chand Khan, questioned the validity of his statements by stating, “Khan claims he reached Ahmedabad on 23 September 2002 and helped the two LeT terrorists accompanying him to attack the temple the very next day. This is next to impossible local support.” Once conspirators were in police custody, the Prevention of Terrorism Act (POTA) Judge Sonia Gokani extended the remand for Adam Suleman Ajmeri and Abdul Qayum Mansoori until September 29. Harshendra Dhruv, Special Prosecutor, told the court that “the revelations made by the accused during the interrogation made it essential to seek further remand of the accused who now needed to be interrogated in the presence of Chand Khan.” Dhruv submitted certain incriminating documents containing the details of expenses incurred in various activities that was found in Suleman’s brother’s house. Further investigation of Mansoori was required on the grounds that the handwriting experts confirmed that the two notes recovered from the terrorists were written by him. After gathering the aforementioned information, the Joint Commissioner of Police, PP Pandey informed reporters that “the temple attack was a joint operation conducted by several modules of Jaish I Mohammad, Lashkar-i-Taiba having their network from Riyadh in Saudi Arabia to Bareilly in Uttar Pradesh, Hyderabad, Ahmedabad and other cities.”
On 7 September 2003, Jammu Kashmir Agricultural Minister Abdul Aziz Zargar denied reports which claimed that his Manzgam residence was a hideout from where the Akshardham temple attack was masterminded. Media reports quoted Chand Khan saying that two LeT militants had made Zargar’s residence their hideout before leaving for the attack in Gujarat. However, Zargar said, “We are not involved in militancy at all. Instead we are under threat and many attacks have been carried out by militants on me and my family members in the past, records of which are filed with the police.” The Jammu Kashmir minister Abdul Aziz Zargar resigned on 12 September 2003 amid allegations that terrorists who carried out the Akshardham temple attack Ahmedabad planned the operation at his native house. While Zargar denied any connection with LeT, Chand Khan, an accomplice in the Akshardham attack claimed they started their journey for Gujarat from Mr Zargar’s residence.
On 30 September 2003, the POTA court extended the police custody of Chand Khan until 6 October 2003 so that the Detection of Crimes Bureau (DCB) could uncover additional facts about the conspiracy and gather information about the absconding conspirators. H M Dhruv stated that several questions remained unanswered because there were contradictions between Chand Khan’s statements recorded by the Jammu Kashmir police and the DCB. According to Dhruv, “The investigating officers are yet to ascertain the identity of the person who brought the two terrorists from Bareilly to Ahmedabad while it is still unclear as to whose behest Chand Khan and two other persons came to Ahmedabad.” On the other hand, Hashim Qureshi represented Chand Khan and stated if Khan who has been in police custody for over two months, first with the Jammu Kashmir police and now with the DCB, faces further interrogation he may lose his mental balance. Upon hearing both sides, POTA Judge announced that Khan would have six additional days of remand.
On 21 November 2003, POTA Judge Sonia Gokani upheld the application filed by the DCB seeking to keep the names of the 11 witnesses of the Akshardham Attack case a secret in order to protect them from those who are still absconding.
On 29 November 2003, Bharuch police began investigating the alleged involvement of four individuals from their district in the Akshardham attack. The charge sheet filed in the case with the POTA court included the names of Gulah Laheri, Majid Patel, Iqbal Patel and a 35-year-old unidentified individual. Even though the evidence suggested that these individuals resided in Bharuch and provided financial support for these terrorist activities; the Bharuch police explained that these individuals left Bharuch several years ago and do not live in the town anymore. Amarsinh Vasava, Bharuch District Police Superintendent, explained that evidence suggests they resided in Bharuch but there is insufficient evidence to suggest that money was routed through Bharuch.
On 4 December 2003, the POTA court hearing the Akshardham Attack case issued warrants against 26 accused including Dawood Ibrahim and Chhota Shakeel. POTA Judge Gokani issued non-bailable arrest warrants against Dawood Ibrahim, Chhota Shakeel, Mufti Sufiyan Rasool Parti and others who had allegedly conspired and aided in transpiring the Akshardham Temple Attack.
Third Phase: The Trial
The Akshardham Attack Case trial began on Wednesday, 18 December 2003. H M Dhruv, Special Public Prosecutor, opened the case before POTA Judge Sonia Gokani and stated that “six persons including Kashmir based terrorist Chand Khan had allegedly conspired to attack the Akshardham Temple along with the slain terrorists.” All of the six accused individuals were present at the trial. Even though the trial began on 18 December 2003, the matter was adjourned until 26 December 2003. While the six men accused of assisting in the Akshardham attack were put on trial, 26 other individuals were still absconding.
In January 2004, Chand Khan’s confessional statement mentioned that the motivating factors behind his involvement in the terrorist conspiracy were two-fold, a sum of Rs 30,000 and “the wish to avenge humiliation meted out to him by a corrupt police official in Jammu Kashmir.” This confessional statement clarified some of the discrepancies present in Khan’s initial remarks to Jammu Kashmir and DCB officials. Khan’s involvement in the Akshardham attack was primarily motivated by his desire to kill a police inspector, Basir Ahmad, who consistently failed to pay the appropriate charges whenever he sent his car to Chand Garage in Bareilly. Frustrated by the situation, Khan approached a friend, Mohammad Yasin and asked for a bomb so that he could blow up the police officer’s car. In June 2002, Yasin approached Khan and requested him to accompany him to Pokarnag to purchase some explosives. Khan borrowed a car from his garage and met with Abdulla Mansur aka Manzoor Chaudhary upon reaching Pokarnag. Manzoor agreed to provide the explosives to Khan as long as Khan helped Chaudhary with his plan. The Jammu Kashmir police claim that Chaudhary had planned the attack in Gujarat in order to avenge the deaths of Muslims during the communal riots. After this meeting, Chaudhary was killed in an encounter with Jammu Kashmir security forces. Thereafter, Khan did not make any reference to his plans for vengeance; police officers believe that his desire for money took precedence. Khan made trips to Majhgaon and became involved in the Akshardham Attack conspiracy allegedly involving LeT terrorists like Mohammad Zuber. Khan and Yasin bought an Ambassador car (KMT 423) worth Rs 35,000. Khan was compensated for his purchase and promised a sum of Rs 30,000 for smuggling the arms that the two terrorists used during the Akshardham Attack. Khan drove the Ambassador to Bareilly with his daughter, wife, Yasin and two LeT terrorists, Abdulla and Safiq, who were shot down by NSG commandos at Akshardham. There, Khan parted ways with the terrorists who reached Ahmedabad on their own. Khan and Mohammad Safir brough the arms to Ahmedabad which were hidden in two bed rolls via the Ala Hazrat Express.
On 21 February 2004, Yasin Butt was arrested by the Jammu Kashmir police upon receiving intelligence from Chand Khan. Gujarat Police claim that Butt traveled separately to Ahmedabad with the two militants who carried out the attack and received the assistance of five associates, who had also been arrested by the police.
In 2004, the Ahmedabad city police, upon seeking Scotland Yard’s help with regards to the Akshardham Attack Case, named Abu Hamza the mastermind behind the Akshardham Attack. On Thursday, 27 May 2004, Hamza was arrested before dawn by the Scotland Yard in London. D G Vanzara said, “Formal and informal inquiries have been initiated in connection with Hamza’s arrest and his links to the Akshardham case.” We are closely following the developments relating to Hamza.” According to the DCB’s charge sheet, Hamza planned the Akshardham attack in Saudi Arabia to avenge the communal riots. His co-conspirators included Abu Sifiyan of Riyadh and Abut Talah of Jeddah. They took the help of Salim Shaikh, who worked in Riyadh but was from Dariapur, Ahmedabad. Salim was among the first to be arrested while the others were still hiding out.
In April 2006, the Gujarat Police submitted a progress report to the POTA court which suggested that they police may have again reached a deadlock in the Akshardham Attack Case. Their submission stated that 26 individuals are still hiding. The DCB did not have any pictures of these individuals who were hiding abroad. Among the accused individuals that left India for Saudi Arabia were Mohammad Hanif Shaikh, Abdul Rashid Suleman Ajmeri and Mohammed Kadri. Sudhir Brahmbhatt explained that the accused could not be brought to India because there was no extradition treaty between Pakistan, Saudi Arabia and India. Furthermore, the DCB also claimed that Majid Patel, Iqbal Patel and Gulam Laheri have sought refuge in Saudi Arabia.
On 2 July 2006, Adam Suleman Ajmeri, Abdul Qayyum alias Mufti Saheb Mohammed Mansuri and Chand Khan alias Shan Miya were awarded the death sentence. Mohammed Salim Hanif Shaikh was sentenced to life imprisonment. And Altaf Hussain Akbar Hussain Malek and Abdullahmiya Yasinmiya Kadri were sentenced to five and ten years of imprisonment respectively. It was ruled that all the six accused had to pay a fine ranging between Rs 85,000 and Rs 100,000 under the sections of POTA and Indian Penal Code. When the POTA court announced the Akshardham Attack Case verdict, the investigators thanked JJ Patel, the handwriting expert who helped them solve the case. JJ Patel assisted in finding Abdul Qayyum Mohammed Mansuri alias Mufti Saheb by studying the letters found on the two slain terrorists. According to Patel, these letters were written in Urdu and had an Arabic touch, while the letters and style clearly pointed towards Mansuri. Patel’s verdict was later upheld by the forensic science laboratory in Delhi. After the officials concluded that Mansuri had written those letters, the officials questioned Mansuri. The interrogation unveiled the entire terrorist plot and revealed the other individuals involved in planning and executing the attack.
Fourth Phase: Convicted Persons’ Appeal
On Wednesday, 26 March 2008, the Gujarat High Court began hearing the appeal by six persons convicted in the Akshardham Attack Case. Majid Memon, senior criminal lawyer, represented the convicts and raised questions regarding the letters recovered from the bodies of the terrorists. Memon contended, “The investigating agency’s approach towards the two chits was very casual even though it claimed that these letters were the only evidence available in the initial stage.” Furthermore, Memon claimed that the handwriting experts did not know Urdu at all and that the prosecution failed to mention when these letters were recovered before the POTA court.
On 19 October 2008, Majid Patel was arrested by the Bharuch Local Police, after which the Ahmedabad DCB took him into custody.
On 19 July 2009, a suspected LeT operative allegedly involved in the Akshardham attack was arrested by counter-intelligence cell in Hyderabad. Shaukatullah Ghauri arrived to Hyderabad from Saudi Arabia and was arrested at the RGI Airport in Shamsabad on Saturday 18 July 2009. Ghauri and Farhatullah, his brother, were wanted by the Gujarat Police and an arrest warrant was pending against the two under POTA after the Akshardham Attack.
On Monday, 20 July 2009, the POTA court sent Ghauri to 15 days police remand against a demand of a 30 day remand. Ghauri was the eighth person caught out of a total 26 accused in the Akshardham Attack. He was accused of hatching the conspiracy, providing financial and logistical support and arms and ammunition to the two terrorists who stormed the temple. In the remand application, the DCB stated that it was necessary to know which terrorist outfits Ghauri was in touch with and the other individual involved in the attack.
In November 2009, Adam Ajmeri, Shan Miya alias Chand Khan, Mufti Abdul Qayyum Mansuri, approached the court and urged judges to pronounce a verdict on their appeal against POTA court’s order of 2006. A petition was filed by Ajmeri, Qadri, Shaikh and Mansuri contending that the court started hearing their appeal with the state government’s appeal for confirmation of capital punishment on March 14, 2008. Petitioner’s lawyer Ejaz Qureshi cited a Supreme Court judgment that insists on finalizing the case wherein capital punishment is awarded within six months. The Supreme Court order also says that in case the high court bench cannot pronounce its order in detail, it should at least pronounce the operative part of it.
On 29 January 2010, the Gujarat High Court adjourned the hearing of an appeal filed by the accused of the Akshardham case to 1 March 2010. A bench of the High Court had already heard the appeal against the order of the designated POTA court sentencing the accused and reserved the judgment. However, the judgment was not delivered after a year and half. As a result, the convicts motioned a plea.
On Friday 19 March 2010, Shaukat Hussain Ghauri contended the Ashfak Bhavnagari and Jalal Patel (who appeared as prosecution witnesses) were also supporting terrorist activities, were present during the meetings in Saudi Arabia and had collected monies for the Akshardham attack. However, the Gujarat High Court rejected Ghauri’s plea because the advocate for the State highlighted that under Section 50 of the POTA, which was applicable in the Akshardham case, the designated judge had no jurisdiction to take cognizance of the alleged involvement of witnesses in the attack. Furthermore, no inference about their involvement in terrorist activity could be made.
On Tuesday, 1 June 2010, the Gujarat High Court upheld the POTA court’s verdict, awarding death sentences to three accused in the Akshardham Attack Case. Justice R M Doshit and K M Thakar confirmed the death sentence of three convicts and various prison terms of the three others, while expressing that they did not deserve leniency. The Akshardham Terror Attack Case was the first judgment of the designated court under the now repealed POTA which was affirmed by the Gujarat High Court.
On 7 September 2010 Ajmeri and Qayyum, who were convicted by a POTA court in Gujarat and awarded death sentence in connection with the Akshardham temple attack case, told the Supreme Court that the investigation was faulty. Nevertheless, the Gujarat High Court had affirmed the Special POTA Court verdict. On their plea that challenged the High Court verdict, “the Supreme Court stayed the death sentence and issued notice to Gujarat.”
In October 2010, David Coleman Headley, a Pakistani-American Lashkar Operative informed US and Indian investigators that Muzzamil, aide of LeT’s Chief Military commander Zaki-ur-Rehman Lahvi, was involved in planning and executing the Akshardham Attack.
On 25 December 2012, the bench of Justice AK Patnaik and Justice HL Gokhale directed the trial court to speed up the proceedings while refusing to bail one of the two accused persons, Shakuatullah Ghauri from Hyderabad. Ghauri and Majid Patel were arrested after the POTA court completed the trial against six persons in the case. The accused have filed appeals against their conviction in the apex court after the Gujarat High Court upheld the POTA court’s verdict. Ghauri and Majid were charged with hatching the conspiracy and providing financial assistance in carrying out the terrorist activities.
Supreme Court's Decision
On 16 May 2014, the Supreme Court held that the prosecution could not establish that the accused six individuals participated in any conspiracy. Thus, the Supreme Court acquitted AltafHussain AkbarHussain Malek, Abdullahmiya Yasinmiya Kadri, Mohammed Salim Hanif Shaikh, Adambhai Sulemanbhai Ajmeri, Abdul Qayyum alias Mufti Saheb Mohammed Mansuri, and Chand Khan.

</doc>
<doc id="2910684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910684" title="Northeast Consortium">
Northeast Consortium

The Northeast Consortium is a group of high schools in northeast Montgomery County, Maryland, composed of James Hubert Blake High School, Paint Branch High School and Springbrook High School. Each school in the consortium is part of a "signature program", that established specialized programs at each of the schools. 
Blake High School's signature program is Fine Arts and Humanities, while Springbrook's program focuses on "Information Technology in a Global Society" and International Baccalaureate. Paint Branch High School's signature program is Science and Media. 
The program was established in 1998, coinciding with the opening of Blake High School. With the program, students can opt out of attending their local high school and choose one of the other schools. 

</doc>
<doc id="2910688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910688" title="Brownlow Committee">
Brownlow Committee

The President's Committee on Administrative Management, commonly known as the Brownlow Committee or Brownlow Commission, was a committee that in 1937 recommended sweeping changes to the executive branch of the United States government. The recommendations made by the committee resulted in the creation of the Executive Office of the President. It had three members; they were Louis Brownlow, Charles Merriam, and Luther Gulick. The staff work was managed by James P. Harris, Director of Research for the committee.
Some of the most important recommendations from the council include creating aides to the President in order to deal with the administrative tasks assigned to the President. It also suggested that the President should have direct control over the administrative departments. In its third suggestion, the committee said that the managerial agencies - The Civil Service Administration, the Bureau of the Budget, and the National Resources Board - should be part of the Executive Office.
The Reorganization Act of 1939 incorporated only two of the recommendations in the 53-page report delivered by the committee. However, the Act provided to President Franklin D. Roosevelt the authority to make changes so that most of the various agencies and government corporations were organized within various cabinet level departments, greatly improving accountability among the various agencies.
The most important results of the actions taken by Roosevelt were the creation of the Executive Office of the President and the creation of a group of six executive level assistants.
Other similar commissions.
Hoover Commission two commissions in 1947-1949 and 1953-1955.
The Grace Commission 1982-1984
National Partnership for Reinventing Government 1993-1998
Project on National Security Reform 2006–present

</doc>
<doc id="2910693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910693" title="First United Methodist Church (Douglas, Georgia)">
First United Methodist Church (Douglas, Georgia)

The Douglas First United Methodist Church was founded in Douglas, Georgia in August 1888.
Early history.
The early history of Douglas First United Methodist Church was published in "A Centennial History" by Elizabeth Lott and others in 1988.
The church today.
The congregation is currently led by Rev. Sam Vernon who was appointed at Annual Conference in 2012. Many opportunities are provided for worship during the week.
The Chancel Choir, under the direction of Brad Riner, meets each Wednesday evening in the choir room at 7:30pm. Each Sunday morning they bring a message in song and add to our 11:00 worship service. Each Christmas the Chancel Choir Cantata is much anticipated and there are other special events throughout the year to showcase all the talent we have right here at Douglas First!
The Handbell Choir, under the direction of Steve Miller, meets each Wednesday at 5:00pm. They play throughout the year at the 8:30am and 11:00am worship services and add so much to the music of the seasons of the church. The Handbell Choir enjoys learning through workshops and traveling to hear other bell choirs perform. Each year they play for Community Events such as the Carols and Communion at St. Andrews Episcopel Church on Christmas Eve.
The Z317 Praise Team leads our monthly contemporary worship service and meets in The Chapel, Tuesdays at 5:00pm. If you play an instrument and would like to join in - jump right in - all are welcome!
The Church is a member of the South Georgia Annual Conference of The United Methodist Church.

</doc>
<doc id="2910708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910708" title="2002 Khankala Mi-26 crash">
2002 Khankala Mi-26 crash

The 2002 Khankala Mi-26 crash occurred on August 19, 2002 when a team of Chechen separatists with a man-portable air-defense system brought down a Russian Mil Mi-26 helicopter in a minefield and resulted in the death of 127 Russian soldiers in the greatest loss of life in the history of helicopter aviation. It was also the most deadly aviation disaster ever suffered by the Russian armed forces, as well as their worst loss of life in a single day since 1999.
Attack.
On 19 August 2002, Chechen separatist fighters with a Russian-made 9K38 Igla shoulder-fired, heat-seeking surface-to-air missile hit an overloaded Mil Mi-26 heavy transport helicopter, causing it to crash-land and burn at Khankala military air base near Chechnya's capital city of Grozny. The helicopter was ferrying at least 140 soldiers and officers belonging to various units from Russian Air Force base at Mozdok, Republic of North Ossetia–Alania.
According to Pavel Felgenhauer, "The missile hit one of the engines as the Mi-26 was approaching Khankala, and the helicopter crash-landed in a minefield that made up part of the federal military headquarters' perimeter defenses. Some of the survivors, attempting to abandon the wrecked Mi-26, are reported to have been killed by 'friendly' anti-personnel mine explosions." The interior of the helicopter flooded with fuel and its jammed doors could not be opened. Only the crew of five and 29 passengers managed to escape through the small cockpit exit hatch. At least four of surviving soldiers died over the next days from severe burns.
Russian forces from Khankala launched a search for the attackers immediately after the crash, but only managed to recover the spent tube that contained the Igla missile.
Aftermath.
On August 21, 2002, a day of mourning was declared for the following day by the Russian President Vladimir Putin in connection with the catastrophe, which the media called "the second Kursk". The separatist news agency Kavkaz Center described the crash as the "greatest act of sabotage by Chechen fighters in two years". Some Russian media, including "Izvestiya", voiced anger at an apparent cover-up attempt, accusing the military of "as usual" trying to conceal the casualties. The crash led to the suspension of Russia's Army's Aviation commander, Colonel-General Vitaly Pavlov, who then resigned from his post in September.
The attack was filmed. On September 24, its footage was obtained by Associated Press from a Turkish news agency along with a statement by separatist Chechen President Aslan Maskhadov announcing: "Here is a helicopter that is on fire and falling near Khankala. It was hit by our Igla anti-aircraft missile." It was also the first video that showed Maskhadov using Islamic insignia and flag, instead of nationalist ones, and referring to the fighters around him as "our mujahideen", in what was seen as his apparent sudden turn towards radicalism. In an undated tape, Maskhadov reminds of the Russian investigators' early official version that the helicopter crashed because of technical difficulties before announcing that it was shot down; he then presents a handgun to the fighter said to have downed the helicopter. The tape was also aired on television in Chechnya when the separatists used the REN TV frequency to broadcast it locally during that same month.
It was believed that the missiles that destroyed the helicopter were fired from one of the many battle-damaged five-story apartment blocks in the outskirts of Grozny. The Russian military responded to the loss of the Mi-26 by demolishing several blocks in the already half-destroyed Khankala residential area adjoining the base in November, in spite of protests from pro-Russian Chechen administration. It was initially flatly denied by Colonel Boris Podoprigora, but later admitted by the Russian military spokesman Major-General Ilya Shabalkin, who said that the action was carried out with the goal of preventing the fighters from using the area to lay ambushes close to the base. As a result, around 100 families were left homeless and NTV reported they were given barely any time to take only some personal belongings. Regarding this, General Shabalkin commented that the local residents "had been watching the bandits preparing terror attacks and failed to inform law enforcers of their plans" which "is considered to be abetting illegal armed formations, and complicity in a criminal plot." In response, the Russian State Duma deputy for Chechnya, Aslambek Aslakhanov, demanded an explanation from the top military command in Chechnya. The area has been also shelled in August following an unrelated crash of a Mil Mi-8 helicopter carrying two high-ranking Russian military officials, killing everyone aboard, which was allegedly caused by a missile fired from the Oktyabrsky district of Grozny.
The Mi-26 helicopter was designed to carry 80 troops, while the one that was destroyed was loaded with at least 140 people (according to Timur Aliyev, "an indication in itself that the Russian military is reluctant to travel by road, even in areas like northern Chechnya far from the rebel heartlands"). According to "Kommersant", "The Mi-26 often flies to Khankala with 100-110 people on board, plus a huge amount of cargo, including cheap Ossetian vodka." Felgenhauer wrote: "I once had a ride on a Mi-26 from Mozdok to Grozny, together with some 50 service personnel and journalists on top of a stockpile of crates with tons of artillery shells and other munitions." In 2003, the Russian officer in charge of the helicopter, Lieutenant-Colonel Alexander Kudyakov, was charged and convicted of negligence and violating flight regulations. Pravda commented that he "had to become a scapegoat" and according to Kudyakov himself the judge told him that he should have refused to go to Chechnya in the first place.
A Chechen accused of transporting the missile, preparing it to be fired and filming the attack, a 27-year old Grozny resident Doku Dzhantemirov, was found guilty of planning and carrying out "an act of terror" in April 2004. He was sentenced to life imprisonment for "terrorism, premeditated murder with special cruelty, banditry, and attempt murder of servicemen", and was also ordered to pay 100,000 rubles ($3,500) to the relatives of each victim and 50,000 rubles ($1,720) to each of the survivors. At his trial, Dzhantemirov maintained that he was not a terrorist but a soldier of the state of Ichkeria. The other four Chechens accused of taking part in the attack remained at large.

</doc>
<doc id="2910720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910720" title="Casing (borehole)">
Casing (borehole)

Casing is large diameter pipe that is assembled and inserted into a recently drilled section of a borehole and typically held into place with cement.
Purpose.
Casing that is cemented in place aids the drilling process in several ways:
A slightly different metal string, called production tubing, is often used without cement in the smallest casing of a well completion to contain production fluids and convey them to the surface from an underground reservoir.
Design.
In the planning stages of a well a drilling engineer, usually with input from geologists and others, will pick strategic depths at which the hole will need to be cased in order for drilling to reach the desired total depth. This decision is often based on subsurface data such as formation pressures, strengths, and makeup, and is balanced against the cost objectives and desired drilling strategy. 
With the casing set depths determined, hole sizes and casing sizes must follow. The hole drilled for each casing string must be large enough to easily fit the casing inside it, allowing room for cement between the outside of the casing and the hole. Also, the inside diameter of the first casing string must be large enough to fit the second bit that will continue drilling. Thus, each casing string will have a subsequently smaller diameter.
The inside diameter of the final casing string (or penultimate one in some instances of a liner completion) must accommodate the production tubing and associated hardware such as packers, gas lift mandrels and subsurface safety valves.
Casing design for each size is done by calculating the worst conditions that may be faced during drilling and production. Mechanical properties of designed pipes such as collapse resistance, burst pressure, and axial tensile strength must be sufficient for the worst conditions.
Casing strings are supported by casing hangers that are set in the wellhead, which later will be topped with the Christmas tree. The wellhead usually is installed on top of the first casing string after it has been cemented in place.
Intervals.
Typically, a well contains multiple intervals of casing successively placed within the previous casing run. The following casing intervals are typically used in an oil or gas well:
The conductor casing serves as a support during drilling operations, to flowback returns during drilling and cementing of the surface casing, and to prevent collapse of the loose soil near the surface. It can normally vary from sizes such as 18" to 30".
The purpose of surface casing is to isolate freshwater zones so that they are not contaminated during drilling and completion. Surface casing is the most strictly regulated due to these environmental concerns, which can include regulation of casing depth and cement quality. A typical size of surface casing is 13⅜ inches.
Intermediate casing may be necessary on longer drilling intervals where necessary drilling mud weight to prevent blowouts may cause a hydrostatic pressure that can fracture shallower or deeper formations. Casing placement is selected so that the hydrostatic pressure of the drilling fluid remains between
In order to reduce cost, a liner may be used which extends just above the shoe (bottom) of the previous casing interval and hung off downhole rather than at the surface. It may typically be 7", although many liners match the diameter of the production tubing.
Few wells actually produce through casing, since producing fluids can corrode steel or form deposits such as asphaltenes or paraffin waxes and the larger diameter can make flow unstable. Production tubing is therefore installed inside the last casing string and the tubing annulus is usually sealed at the bottom of the tubing by a packer. Tubing is easier to remove for maintenance, replacement, or for various types of workover operations. It is significantly lighter than casing and does not require a drilling rig to run in and out of hole; smaller "service rigs" are used for this purpose.
Cementing.
Cementing is performed by circulating a cement slurry through the inside of the casing and out into the annulus through the casing shoe at the bottom of the casing string. In order to precisely place the cement slurry at a required interval on the outside of the casing, a plug is pumped with a displacement fluid behind the cement slurry column, which "bumps" in the casing shoe and prevents further flow of fluid through the shoe. This bump can be seen at surface as a pressure spike at the cement pump. To prevent the cement from flowing back into the inside of the casing, a float collar above the casing shoe acts as a check valve and prevents fluid from flowing up through the shoe from the annulus.

</doc>
<doc id="2910724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910724" title="53rd General Assembly of Nova Scotia">
53rd General Assembly of Nova Scotia

53rd General Assembly of Nova Scotia represented Nova Scotia between October 6, 1981 and November 6, 1984, its membership being set in the 1981 Nova Scotia general election. John M. Buchanan led the Progressive Conservatives to a Majority Government.
Division of seats.
The division of seats within the Nova Scotia Legislature after the General Election of 1981
List of members.
† denotes the speaker

</doc>
<doc id="2910735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910735" title="Machine drawn cylinder sheet glass">
Machine drawn cylinder sheet glass

Machine drawn cylinder sheet was the first mechanical method for "drawing" window glass. Cylinders of glass 40 feet (12 m) high are drawn vertically from a circular tank. The glass is then annealed and cut into 7 to 10 foot (2 to 3 m) cylinders. These are cut lengthways, reheated, and flattened.
This process was invented in the USA in 1903. This type of glass was manufactured in the early 20th century (it was manufactured in the UK by Pilkingtons from 1910 to 1933).
Other historical methods for making window glass included broad sheet, blown plate, crown glass, polished plate and cylinder blown sheet. These methods of manufacture lasted at least until the end of the 19th century. The early 20th century marks the move away from hand-blown to machine manufactured glass such as rolled plate, flat drawn sheet, single and twin ground polished plate and float glass.

</doc>
<doc id="2910744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910744" title="Frederick Madison Roberts">
Frederick Madison Roberts

Frederick Madison Roberts (September 14, 1879–July 19, 1952) was an American newspaper owner and editor, educator and business owner; he became a politician, the first known man of African American descent elected to the California State Assembly. He served there for 16 years and became known as "dean of the assembly." He has been honored as the first person of African-American descent to be elected to public office among the states on the West Coast. 
A great-grandson of Sally Hemings of Monticello, he is widely believed to be a great-grandson of President Thomas Jefferson.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Roberts was born on September 14, 1879 in Chillicothe, Ohio, the son of Andrew Jackson Roberts (1852–1927), a graduate of Oberlin College, and Ellen Wayles Hemings (1856–1940), the daughter of Madison Hemings and Mary Hughes McCoy, a free woman of color. Ellen was 5'10" with blue eyes, and the grand-daughter of Sally Hemings and Thomas Jefferson. (When the Jefferson biographer Fawn Brodie saw a family photo of Ellen, she said she could see the strong resemblance to Thomas Jefferson.) 
When Frederick was six, his family moved in 1885 to Los Angeles, where his father established the first black-owned mortuary in the city. The Roberts had a second son, William Giles Roberts. The Roberts and their descendants became prominent in the Los Angeles area, with a strong tradition of college education, and working in public service. Frederick Roberts attended Los Angeles High School and became its first known graduate of African-American descent.
Roberts attended college at the University of Southern California (USC) where he majored in pre-law. He continued at Colorado College, where he graduated. He also attended the Barnes-Worsham School of Embalming and Mortuary Science.
Career and civic life.
In 1908 Roberts started editing the "Colorado Springs Light" newspaper. While in Colorado, he also served as deputy assessor for El Paso County. He went to Mississippi where he served some years as principal of Mound Bayou Normal and Industrial Institute, one of a number of schools founded for African Americans in the segregated state system. 
In 1912 Roberts returned to Los Angeles, where he founded "The New Age Dispatch" newspaper (later called "New Age"), which he edited until 1948. When he partnered with his father in the mortuary business, they named it A.J. Roberts & Son. Eventually he took it over.
As a newspaper editor and business owner, Roberts became a prominent leader in the growing African-American community of Los Angeles. In the 20th century, people arrived in the Great Migration out of the South to northern, midwestern and western states. He belonged to a Methodist church. He also became a member of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) and the Urban League, associations established in the early 20th century to work for political and civil rights for blacks.
Marriage and family.
In 1921 Roberts married Pearl Hinds, who had studied at the Boston Conservatory of Music. They had daughters Gloria, who became a professional classical pianist, and Patricia, who lived in Los Angeles.
Political career.
In 1918 Roberts was elected to the California State Assembly from the 62nd District as a Republican in a hard-fought campaign, during which his chief rival made racial slurs against him. While in office, Roberts sponsored legislation to establish the University of California at Los Angeles and improve public education, and proposed several civil rights and anti-lynching measures. In June 1922, he welcomed Black Nationalist leader Marcus Garvey of the UNIA to Los Angeles and rode in his parade car. 
Roberts was re-elected repeatedly and served a continuous total of 16 years, becoming known as the "dean of the assembly". He was a friend of Earl Warren, governor of California who became Chief Justice of the United States. In the 1934 mid-term elections, after the election of Democrat Franklin Delano Roosevelt as president two years previously in the midst of the Great Depression, Roberts was defeated by a Democratic African-American candidate, Augustus F. Hawkins. Following his 1934 California State Assembly defeat, Roberts ran unsuccessfully for the United States House of Representatives on two different occasions. Until that time, no African American had yet been elected to represent California in the United States Congress. 
Beginning in the late 1930s and early 1940s, the second wave of the Great Migration brought tens of thousands of African Americans from the South to the Los Angeles area for jobs in the growing defense industries. In 1946 Roberts campaigned for the 14th Congressional District against incumbent Helen Gahagan Douglas but she kept her seat. A few years later, Douglas lost a hotly contested U.S. Senate race to Republican Richard M. Nixon. 
On the evening of July 18, 1952, a few days after attending the 1952 Republican National Convention, Roberts sustained serious injuries when the car he was driving was struck by another vehicle near his Los Angeles home. He died the following afternoon at Los Angeles County General Hospital. He is interred at Evergreen Cemetery. He was survived by his wife and two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="2910745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910745" title="Texas Instruments TMS320C6400">
Texas Instruments TMS320C6400

The TMS320C64xx is Texas Instruments fastest (currently) fixed-point DSP family. It's part of the TMS320C6x DSP family, which is in turn part of the TMS320 family.
For more details +
DM64x.
Specialised version with integrated peripherals for digital media applications
including:

</doc>
<doc id="2910749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910749" title="Grievous Angel">
Grievous Angel

Grievous Angel was the second solo album by Gram Parsons, compiled from 1973 sessions and released four months after his death. It received great critical acclaim upon release, but failed to find commercial success, a fate shared with his previous efforts solo and with The Flying Burrito Brothers. "Grievous Angel" peaked at number 195 on the "Billboard" charts. Despite its modest sales, it is viewed as a successful example of the hybrid between country and rock and roll Parsons called "Cosmic American Music".
In 2003, the album was ranked number 429 on "Rolling Stone" magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.
History.
After a ramshackle tour in the spring and summer of 1973, Gram Parsons again convened with his singing partner Emmylou Harris, various members of Elvis Presley's "Hot Band", including James Burton and Glen Hardin and the occasional guest (such as Bernie Leadon and Linda Ronstadt) to record his second solo album for Reprise Records. Lacking much-needed new material, Parsons quickly wrote two songs during the sessions ("Return of the Grievous Angel", with lyrics by Boston-based poet and Parsons fan Thomas Brown; "In My Hour Of Darkness", arranged by Harris) and looked to songs rejected for previous albums and to standard country songs to flesh out the scant material he came up with. In regards to the original material, "Brass Buttons" dated from Parsons' brief stint as a Harvard-based folksinger in the mid-1960s; "Hickory Wind" had already been recorded with The Byrds; "$1000 Wedding", about Parsons' aborted plan to wed the mother of his daughter in ostentatious style, had been recorded in a plodding arrangement with the Flying Burrito Brothers circa 1970; "Ooh Las Vegas" had been rejected from "GP".
In spite of the dearth of new material, the album took what its predecessor had presented and expanded the format of "Cosmic American Music". With the album in the can, Parsons set off for Joshua Tree, California, where he would fatally overdose on September 19, 1973, officially declared deceased in nearby Yucca Valley.
Posthumous changes.
Parsons's widow, Gretchen, who had never cared for Emmylou Harris's relationship with her husband, removed Harris from the front cover of the album (which was originally credited to "Gram Parsons with Emmylou Harris" and featured a photograph of the two of them) and relegated her to a credit on the back cover. Additionally, Gretchen removed the original title track, "Sleepless Nights" and replaced the cover with an image of Parsons in a sea of blue. The rearranged album was released in January 1974.
The three tracks recorded during the sessions that had gone unreleased, "Sleepless Nights", "The Angels Rejoiced in Heaven Last Night" and "Brand New Heartache", were released on the posthumous 1976 Parsons/Flying Burrito Brothers album "Sleepless Nights".

</doc>
<doc id="2910753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910753" title="2005 Chinese Grand Prix">
2005 Chinese Grand Prix

The 2005 Chinese Grand Prix was the final Formula One motor race of the 2005 Formula One season, which took place from October 14–16, 2005 at the Shanghai International Circuit. This was the second Chinese Grand Prix to be held since the event's 2004 inception. The race was won by the new World Champion, Renault's Fernando Alonso. McLaren driver Kimi Räikkönen was four seconds behind in second position, a reflection of their season long duel for the championship. Toyota driver Ralf Schumacher was third. Renault won the Constructors' Championship at this race; they had led McLaren by two points before the start of the race. This was the final race for the Minardi team, after participating in F1 for 20 years. 
Race.
During a warm up lap as the cars were lining up on the grid from the pit lane, Christijan Albers and Michael Schumacher's cars collided. Both were forced to start from the pits in their teams' spare car, along with Narain Karthikeyan who also missed the start.
Alonso dominated the race, taking a lights-to-flag victory, capping a best ever season for Renault which included victories in both titles. Renault's number two driver Giancarlo Fisichella's chances of making the podium ended when he received a drive-through penalty for obstructive driving in the pits during the second safety car period. He ended the race less than a second behind Ralf Schumacher.
Red Bull Racing's Christian Klien had a career best drive to take fifth position with Felipe Massa, Mark Webber and Jenson Button completing the point scoring finishers.
Räikkönen recorded the race's fastest lap, a record equalling tenth for the season.
Classification.
Qualifying.
Qualifying took place on October 15.

</doc>
<doc id="2910755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910755" title="Sanmina-SCI Corporation">
Sanmina-SCI Corporation

Sanmina Corporation is a global electronics manufacturing services (EMS) provider headquartered in San Jose, California that serves original equipment manufacturers in technology-related industries such as communications and computer hardware. Sanmina has nearly 80 manufacturing sites. The company is one of the world’s largest independent manufacturers of printed circuit boards and backplanes.
History.
SCI was founded as "Space Craft Inc." in a basement in Huntsville, Alabama, in 1961 by engineers Olin B. King, Bill Greaver, and Joe Kirk. The company grew into a billion-dollar business by constructing aerospace components. Some of SCI's client companies included Boeing, Sperry, International Business Machines (IBM), Commodore, Thiokol, and Northrop. In the 1990s the firm made Commodore Amiga computers in Scotland for the European market.
The Sanmina company was founded by Milan Mandarić and Jure Sola in 1980, as a printed circuit manufacturer. By the end of the 1980s, the company expanded to backplanes and subassemblies.
Merger and name changes.
In December 2001, Sanmina merged with SCI Systems of Huntsville, Alabama for $6 billion in cash, stock, and debt. Although Sanmina was only half as large as SCI at the time, it was in a better cash position because its core telecommunications business was performing well, whereas SCI's lower-margin businesses such as personal computer manufacturing, were struggling. Shortly after, Sanmina-SCI bought E-M Solutions, a bankrupt Fremont, California electronics manufacturer, for $110 million in cash. Then in early 2002, Sanmina acquired Viking Interworks of Rancho Santa Margarita for $15 million ($10.9 million in cash and 390,000 shares of Sanmina stock worth $10.26 per share at the time). 
On Nov. 15, 2012, the company changed its name to Sanmina.
Operations.
In 2012 the San Jose, CA based company has 41,000 employees in over 20 countries. It serves clients in the fields of communications, computing, multimedia, semiconductors, defense, aerospace, medical applications, and automotive technology. It provides "end-to-end" manufacturing services for these clients (including consulting, design, engineering, logistics, new product introduction, assembly, machining, and fabrication), to produce printed circuit boards, backplanes, cables, injection-molded plastics, enclosures and frames, optics. It was ranked number 366 on the 2011 Fortune 500 list of the 500 largest United States public corporations.

</doc>
<doc id="2910758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910758" title="Luigi Tarisio">
Luigi Tarisio

"This page refers to the violin dealer and collector. For the online string instrument auction house, see Tarisio Auctions."
Luigi Tarisio (c. 1790 – October 1854) was an Italian violin dealer and collector.
He was born at Fontaneto d'Agogna, near Novara, Piedmont, of humble parents and is said to have trained as a carpenter, playing violin as a hobby. He developed an interest in violins themselves, and as a connoisseur with a natural talent for business he began to acquire and resell some of the many fine instruments that were lying unused in the towns and villages of northern Italy. His first journey to Paris, in 1827, was evidently profitable for him and for the dealers there, who gave him every encouragement. In the same year he made his greatest coup, acquiring a number of violins from Count Cozio of Salabue, including a 1716 Stradivari in unused condition. This violin was Tarisio's treasure, and as he spoke of it on every visit to Paris but never actually brought it with him; it came to be known as the 'Messiah'. 
Tarisio searched indefatigably for violins and had a true love of them. The novelist Charles Reade, who knew Tarisio, wrote of him: 'The man's whole soul was in fiddles. He was a great dealer, but a greater amateur, for he had gems by him no money would buy'. There was an insatiable demand in northern Europe for what nobody wanted or appreciated in the south, and the absence of much competition gave him unique opportunities. By bringing his stock to Paris, the only place where the art of restoration was at all advanced, he rescued many great instruments for posterity. 
After his death it was the turn of Jean Baptiste Vuillaume, the leading Parisian dealer, to make the greatest purchase of his life. At a small farm near Fontaneto, where Tarisio's relatives lived, were the six finest violins of the collection, including the celebrated 'Messiah'; and in a dingy attic in Milan, where Tarisio's body has been found, were no fewer than 24 Stradivaris and 120 other Italian masterpieces.

</doc>
<doc id="2910763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910763" title="Nullarbor Nymph">
Nullarbor Nymph

The Nullarbor Nymph, referring to supposed sightings of a half naked woman living amongst kangaroos on the Nullarbor Plain, was a hoax perpetrated in Australia between 1971 and 1972. 
Events.
The first report on 26 December 1971 was by professional kangaroo shooters from Eucla in Western Australia, near the border with South Australia. They claimed to have seen a blond, white woman amongst some kangaroos, and backed their story with grainy amateur film showing a woman wearing kangaroo skins and holding a kangaroo by the tail. After further sightings were claimed, the story was reported around the world, and journalists descended upon the town of Eucla which had a population of 8 people at the time.
Unveiling of the hoax.
The incident was eventually revealed as a hoax, initiated as a publicity stunt. The girl on film turned out to be a 17-year-old model named Janice Beeby. She did appear in a photograph taken later, as an evidence of the Nullarbor Nymph, but the woman in the original photograph used by the media to perpetuate the hoax was Geneice Brooker, the partner of Laurie Scott; he was one of the kangaroo shooter hoaxers. Scott admitted to the Sunday Mail in 1972 that the hoax was created by a passing publicist who happened to be in the Eucla Hotel and had contacts within the media. 
Influence.
In 1992 artist Dora Dallwitz started her research on the Nullarbor Nymph Hoax which culminated in a dissertation on the subject and several exhibitions. Nullarbor Nymph sculptures were shown in 1994 at an exhibition held for students graduating from their Masters Degree in Sculpture, and in 2000 and 2004 at Topfloor Gallery in Adelaide. Her main sculpture - 'After the Nullarbor Nymph,' which was cast into bronze, was exhibited in front of the SA Museum for three months, was selected in the 2004 Sculpture By the Sea exhibition in Sydney, and is now on display in front of the Flinder's Medical Centre in Adelaide. 
In 1994 an installation at the Australian National Gallery referred to the myth The issue gets raised as an urban myth periodically.
In 2012 a low-budget movie titled "The Nullarbor Nymph" was produced out of Ceduna, South Australia and written and directed by Mathew J. Wilkinson. The mockumentary depicts the Nymph as tormenting men who travel across the Nullarbor. The film premiered in Ceduna on March 3rd 2012 and then across Australia in following months. The film received much hype thanks to radio announcer Merrick Watts of Triple M's Merrick and "The Highway Patrol" show which aired across Australia. A Sydney premiere was held on May 22nd and the film received positive reviews given its $25 000 budget. [http://www.triplem.com.au/adelaide/search/?query=Nullarbor%20Nymph]

</doc>
<doc id="2910765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910765" title="Arthur Phillip High School">
Arthur Phillip High School

Arthur Phillip High School (APHS) is a coeducational public high school in Parramatta, New South Wales, Australia. The school was established in 1960 in its own right, in buildings which had been used continuously as a school since 1875, and is named for Arthur Phillip, the first governor of the state of New South Wales and the founder of the city of Sydney.
In 2009 APHS had 1,507 students across years 7–12 and 105 teaching staff.
History.
Parramatta South Public School opened in 1873, and in 1875 moved to Smith Street. In 1887 it became a "Superior Public School" offering both primary and post-primary courses. In 1907 it was renamed Parramatta. For many years, boys' and girls' post-primary classes were taught separately in the adjacent buildings. In 1944, they were combined into a Central School. At the start of 1958, the primary school moved to Macquarie Street, where it remains today. In 1960, the secondary classes were separately established as Arthur Phillip High School.
At the front of the main side of its two-part campus the Old School House building, now a museum, is situated and contains photos and items pertaining to education in Australia's early colonial era and beyond. The Old School House is the oldest continuously used educational building in Sydney.
Lynne Goodwin has been principal of the school since 1996.
In 1967, the school was Principaled by Mr Walsh who had been principal for the past 6 years. His Deputy was Mr E.G. Ledlin. Mr Walsh was succeeded by Mr Hoolahan in 1969 but Mr Ledlin remained as deputy. The school then consisted of two distinct buildings - (1) the current double storey southern wing which accommodated the principal's office on the ground floor in the south west corner, 2 x science labs, a first aid room and a staff room. The first floor had all classroom. (2) A timber and tile roof building on the eastern side of the school grounds consisting of classrooms only.
Construction of the new eastern and northern wings (built simultaneously) began in 1967 and were completed in mid-1970. This required the demolition of the old timber and tiled buildings.
When Mr E.G. Ledlin died, the original early colonial building on the northern side of the school (still standing today) was named in his honour.
Campus.
The campus is located at the corner of Smith Street and Macquarie Street in Parramatta's central business district, on both sides of Macquarie Street. The architectural front and main entrance of the school faces Smith Street, however it is rarely used and is an artefact of a different structure which has now changed due to the building's numerous appendages. The school has a central courtyard around which the main classroom buildings are arranged, and additional sports grounds which have gradually decreased in size due to an increase in demountable classrooms. 
There is a playing field across the road from the main school building, but it is largely covered with portable classrooms (21 as of January 2012). In 2002 the playing field was not covered with any classrooms at all, but slowly as student numbers have increased so have the demountable classrooms. The school also has a large multi-purpose hall with a stage, and three basketball (or netball) courts.

</doc>
<doc id="2910768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910768" title="Benylin">
Benylin

The flagship cough syrup and cold care brand is marketed in several countries as Benylin DM, for its active ingredient, dextromethorphan. However the range of products available in both solid dosage and liquid forms have formulations with multiple ingredients including pseudoephedrine, paracetamol (acetaminophen) and guaifenesin.

</doc>
<doc id="2910780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910780" title="Zhang Xianzhong">
Zhang Xianzhong

Zhang Xianzhong or Chang Hsien-chung (September 18, 1606 – January 2, 1647), nicknamed "Yellow Tiger", was a leader of a peasant revolt from Yan'an, Shaanxi Province and he later conquered Sichuan in the 17th century. His rule in Sichuan was brief and he was killed by the invading Manchu army. He is commonly associated with the massacres in Sichuan which depopulated the region, however the extent of his killings is disputed.
Biography.
Background.
Zhang was born in Dingbian, Shaanxi province, China, into a poor family. He was described as tall in stature, had a yellow complexion and a heavy chin ("tiger chin" (虎颔) in Chinese figurative description), and hence was given the nickname "Yellow Tiger". He served in the Ming army, and while in the army he was sentenced to death for violations of military rules, but was reprieved after an intervention by a senior officer who was impressed by his appearance.
As rebel leader.
Towards the end the Ming Dynasty, drought, famines and epidemics broke out in various part of China. In the late 1620s, peasants revolted in Shaanxi, resisting attempts by the Ming government to collect grains and taxes. They coalesced into rebel armies called "roving bandit" (流寇) because of their highly mobile nature, and spread into other parts of China. Zhang escaped from the army, joined the rebel forces in Mizhi County in 1630, and established himself as a rebel leader, styling himself Bada Wang (八大王, Eighth Great King). His mobile forces would conduct raids along the western edge of Shaanxi, plundering swiftly and hiding out in the hills. Later he moved into other provinces, moving from place to place raiding towns and cities. He was defeated at various time by the Ming forces; Zhang would also surrender when it was expedient for him to do so, for example in 1631 and 1638, but would then later regrouped and rebelled. 
In 1635 he joined a larger confederation of bandits that included another rebel leader Li Zicheng (Li would later capture Beijing and end the Ming Dynasty). They devastated Henan and pushed into Anhui. After they have burnt the Ming ancestral temple at Zhongdu (Fengyang) in Anhui and ravaged the area, the rebel armies broke up and Zhang headed to Hubei. In 1637, joined by other rebels and with an army now reaching a size of 300,000 men, he again pushed into Anhui, then to Jiangsu, and almost down to Nanjing. But he was defeated there and he retreated back to Hubei. In 1638, he surrendered to Ming supreme commander Xiong Wencan (熊文燦), and was allowed to serve as a regional Ming commander. However, he reneged on the agreement in 1639 and rebelled, and later defeated the Ming forces led by the Ming general Zuo Liangyu (左良玉). In 1640, he suffered defeats at the hand of Zuo and had to flee with few followers into the mountains of Eastern Sichuan. In 1641 he emerged from Sichuan and attacked Xiangyang, capturing and executing the imperial prince there.
In 1643, he took Macheng in Hubei, and his army swelled to some 57,000 after incorporating the city's rebels. He then captured the provincial capital of Wuchang, killed the imperial prince there, and proclaimed himself "Xi Wang" (King of the West). Wuchang however was soon recaptured by Ming forces, and for a while Zhang stayed at Changsha where he controlled much of Hunan and part of Jiangxi.
Conquest of Sichuan.
In 1644, Zhang decided to abandon Hunan and led his 100,000 of his troops towards Sichuan. His army converged on Chongqing in two directions, and surrounded the city. After several days of fighting, his army managed to blast a hole through the city wall, and captured the city in July 25, 1644. He was said to have cut off the hands of the city's defenders and massacred a large number of people.
The conquest of much of the rest of Sichuan was made easier after he announced to the locals that they would not be harmed if they seize their officials, take possession of the storehouse and surrender without resistance. He took Chengdu in September 9, 1644, and met no real opposition in the rest of Sichuan afterwards. He then set up court in Chengdu, which he renamed Xijing (西京, Western Capital), and declared himself king of the Daxi Dynasty (大西王朝, Great Western Dynasty).
Rule in Sichuan.
In Sichuan he attempted to set up a civil administration and initially gained considerable support. According to an account by Gabriel de Magalhães, a Portuguese Jesuit who was working in Sichuan with another Jesuit Lodovico Buglio (but both pressed to serve as astronomers to Zhang), "he began his rule with such liberality, justice and magnificence by which he captivated all hearts that many mandarins, famous both in civic as in military affairs whom fear was keeping concealed, left their hideouts and flew to his side."
However, resistance to his rule did not cease, and Chongqing was retaken by Ming loyalists in the spring of 1645. Zhang then embarked on a campaign of terror, which was well under way by the middle of 1645, to stamp out the remaining resistance in Sichuan. In November 1645, according to de Magalhães, Zhang, after hearing that "a huge and powerful army was coming against him", announced that "the people of his kingdom had a secret pact with the enemy and planned an uprising; because of this he was determined to kill all, leaving not one person alive". The Jesuits, who now "understood the evil of this man", reported that while they managed to save a few of their people who were taken, the rest were killed. Zhang's policy of terror increased in intensity, especially in 1646 after he had decided to abandon Sichuan. By then, Zhang's government had virtually disintegrated, all but three of his principal officials had either committed suicide or were executed.
Death.
The Manchus invaded China after the fall of the Ming Dynasty in 1644, and established the Qing Dynasty. In 1646 they sent out a force under the leadership of Haoge to attack Zhang's domain in Sichuan. In October 1646, Zhang decided to abandon Sichuan, and headed towards his homeland in Shaanxi. However, the Qing army was also approaching from Shaanxi, and in January 1647, Zhang and the Qing forces met in Xichong where Zhang had set up camp, and he was killed in the confrontation. According to one account, he was betrayed by one of his officers, a native of Sichuan who resented his policy of terror in Sichuan. He pointed Zhang out to the Manchus when Zhang rushed out from his tent on learning of the betrayal, and he was then shot and killed by a skilled Manchu archer.
The devastation of Sichuan.
The events surrounding Zhang Xianzhong's rule and afterwards devastated Sichuan, where he was said to have "engaged in one of the most hair-raising genocides in imperial history". Lurid stories of his killings and flayings were given in various accounts. According to "Shu Bi" (蜀碧), an 18th-century account of the massacre, after every slaughter, the heads were collected and placed in several big piles, while the hands were placed in other big piles, and the ears and noses in more piles, so that Zhang Xianzhong can keep count of his killings. In one incident, he was said to have organized an imperial examination ostensibly to recruit scholars for his administration, only to have all the candidates which numbered many thousands killed. In another, to give thank for his recovery after an illness, he was said to have cut off the feet of many women. The severed feet were heaped in two piles with those of his favorite concubine, whose feet were unusually small, placed on top, and these two piles of feet were then doused in oil and set alight to be what he called "heavenly candles".
He was also reported to have ordered further massacres before he abandoned Chengdu in advance of the invading Manchus. The massacres, a subsequent famine and epidemic, as well as people fleeing from the turmoil and the invasion of the Manchus, resulted in the depopulation of Sichuan.
The Seven Kill Stele.
A popular account of his life has it that he erected in Chengdu a stele, which came to be known as the Seven Kill Stele (七殺碑), with the following inscription:
There are however considerable doubts that this account is accurate. A stele was found by a missionary in 1934 which was thought to be this very one (its reverse side contains an added inscription by a Ming general to commemorate Zhang's numerous victims whose bones he collected and buried in 1646). However, while the first two lines are similar, the line with the seven kills is absent in this stele, instead the actual line reads: "The spirits and gods are knowing, so reflect on this and examine yourselves" (鬼神明明，自思自量). Many therefore considered the story to be a distortion from the Qing era.
Deaths.
The actual number of people killed by Zhang is not known and is disputed. Official Ming Dynasty history "Ming Shi" recorded a figure of 600 million deaths due to Zhang's activities, an exaggeration since the total population of China at that time was less than 150 million, perhaps much lower. One historian wrote "The death toll is reputed to have been enormous, possibly one million out of a total provincial population of three million, before he was eventually killed by the Manchus." The combination of deaths from the massacres and other causes as well as flight of people from the province resulted in a sharp drop in the population of Sichuan. The population was estimated to have dropped by as much as 75%, with fewer than a million people left in Sichuan, most of whom were clustered in the periphery areas. The last Ming census figure for Sichuan in 1578 (more than 60 years before Zhang entered Sichuan) gave a population of 3,102,073. However, by 1661, only 16,096 adult males were registered in Sichuan, and Chengdu was said to have become a virtual ghost town frequented by tigers. A later figure for Sichuan was from the 1720s, which is over 70 years after Zhang's death and long after the resettlement of Sichuan had began, and it recorded 634,802 househoulds (which one estimate calculated to be around 2.5 million individuals).
Many, while acknowledging the massacres committed, do not believe that Zhang was responsible for the greater part of the population collapse in Sichuan, and thought that the greatest loss happened after his death due to the continuing turmoil, famine and diseases. Some argued that while a great many died, Sichuan did not become virtually depopulated as recorded. Some modern Chinese historians considered him a proto-revolutionary, maintaining that accounts of the massacres were exaggerated, or were committed by others including the invading Manchus, and that his heinous reputation was the result of "Qing slanders" and "reactionary propaganda".
Aftermath.
Before he had abandoned Sichuan, Zhang divided his forces into four divisions, each led by one of his four generals (Li Dingguo, Sun Kewang, Liu Wenxiu, Ai Nengqi). These remnants of the his army, as well as Ming loyalists, held out in Sichuan, Yunnan, and Guizhou after Zhang's death, and most of Sichuan did not come under control of the Manchus until a dozen years or so later, and fighting only finally ended in eastern Sichuan in 1664.
Resettlement of Sichuan.
In order to fill up the depopulated regions of Sichuan, a massive resettlement program was initiated, starting around 1670 and 1671 and lasted more than two centuries during the Qing Dynasty, whereby millions of people from Hubei, Fujian, Jiangxi, Guangdong, Shaanxi and other provinces were resettled in Sichuan. A large number of the migrants came from Huguang (now Hubei/Hunan), and the migration was therefore described by 19th century scholar Wei Yuan as "Huguang fill Sichuan" (湖廣填四川), and this migration in turn triggered another massive resettlement: "Jiangxi fill Huguang" (江西填湖廣). By the 1720s, 70-80% of the population of Sichuan was reportedly non-native, and as much as 85% a century later. 

</doc>
<doc id="2910788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910788" title="WHTX">
WHTX

WHTX may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2910796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910796" title="Merric Boyd">
Merric Boyd

William Merric Boyd, his birth name, (24 June 1888 – 9 September 1959) was an Australian artist, active as a ceramicist, painter, and sculptor. It was as Merric Boyd that he was given the fine distinction of being the father of Studio pottery in Australia. 
The Boyd family of many generations includes painters, sculptors, architects and other arts professionals, commencing with Boyd's father Arthur Merric Boyd. Boyd's brothers were Penleigh, a landscape artist, and Martin, a writer. His sister was painter Helen Read. Together with his wife, Doris, they raised noted Australian artists including painters Arthur and David, and sculptor Guy. Subsequent generations of the Boyd family are or were active in the arts.
Background.
The second of five children of Arthur Merric Boyd (1862–1940) and Emma Minnie à Beckett (1858–1936) who were both established painters, Boyd was born on 24 June 1888 in the Melbourne suburb of St Kilda, in Victoria. Arthur Merric Boyd and family were supported financially by Merric's maternal grandmother Emma à Beckett. It was Emma's fortune, inherited from her father John Mills, an ex-convict who founded the Melbourne Brewery, that allowed their family to live comfortably. Boyd lived in Sandringham where he was educated at Haileybury College until he was eight. The family moved permanently to the family farm at Yarra Glen and Boyd attended Dookie Agricultural College with aspirations of turning his hand to farming; and then he considered entering the Church of England as a minister; later good model material for Martin Boyd's award-winning 1955 novel, "A Difficult Young Man".
Career.
In 1908 at Archibald McNair's Burnley Pottery, Boyd successfully threw his first pot. Boyd established a workshop at Murrumbeena and pottery kilns were established there in 1911 with the support of his family. He studied under Bernard Hall and Frederick McCubbin at the National Gallery School and held his first exhibition of stoneware in Melbourne in 1912 and his second exhibition soon afterwards. Boyd was employed by Hans Fyansch of the Australian Porcelain Works, Yarraville.
In 1915 he married Doris Lucy Eleanor Bloomfield Gough, a fellow student and potter. Boyd joined the Australian Flying Corps but was discharged later in England. Before returning to Australia in September 1919 he undertook training in pottery technique at Josiah Wedgwood and Sons', Stoke-on-Trent.
Boyd's best works were produced between 1920 and 1930; mostly pieces for domestic use, often decorated by Doris, and some pottery sculptures. He and Doris often used Australian flora and fauna as decorative tools, in spite of his aversion to creating works that would sell well. The Boyd's Murrumbeena workshop was destroyed by fire in 1926. Boyd worked commercially and was able to provide for his family as he and Doris raised painters Arthur and David, and sculptor Guy; and their daughter Mary. Mary married artist John Perceval, and later Sydney Nolan.
Subject to epileptic fits and somewhat of a recluse in his latter years with a strong interest in Christianity, Merric Boyd died at Murrumbeena on 9 September 1959. His wife, Doris, died nine months later.

</doc>
<doc id="2910799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910799" title="Shaun King">
Shaun King

Shaun Earl King (born May 29, 1977) is a former American football quarterback.
Biography.
High School.
King is a 1995 graduate of Gibbs High School.
College.
King played college football at Tulane University from 1995 to 1998, leading Tulane to an undefeated season and a win over Brigham Young University in the Liberty Bowl, in the process setting the single-season NCAA Division I-A record for passing efficiency in 1998 of 183.3. In the same year he became the first player in NCAA history to both pass for 300 yards and rush for 100 yards in the same game against Army on November 14. His quarterback coach was Rich Rodriguez and his head coach was Tommy Bowden. He finished 10th in voting for the 1998 Heisman Trophy. King is a member of Kappa Alpha Psi fraternity. King co-captained the 1998 12-0 Green Wave along with right tackle Dennis O'Sullivan. The style of offense that King ran at Tulane under Bowden was the Spread offense which is now a very popular style in NCAA football.
College Football Statistics
National Football League.
Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
King subsequently was drafted in the second round of the 1999 NFL Draft by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, his hometown team. Near the midpoint of the 1999 season, quarterback Trent Dilfer suffered a season-ending injury, thrusting King into the starting quarterback role.
King took over the offense, and helped rally the team to the NFC Central title, and a victory over the Redskins in the divisional playoffs. A week later, the team fell just short of Super Bowl XXXIV when they lost the NFC Championship 11-6 to the St. Louis Rams with King at the helm.
King's best professional season was in 2000, when he started all sixteen regular-season games for the Buccaneers. A thrilling rematch against the Rams on "Monday Night Football" proved to be one of King's most memorable games. Trailing 35-31 with 1:21 remaining, Tampa Bay faced a 4th and 4 at the 29-yard line. King was tripped up, but scrambled 6 yards for a first down. Four plays later, Tampa Bay scored the game-winning touchdown, the seventh lead change of the game, and clinched a playoff berth. A win in week 17 would clinch a second consecutive division title and a first-round bye in the playoffs, potentially propelling Tampa Bay to their first Super Bowl appearance. King did his part leading the offense into position for a game winning field goal at the end of regulation. However the usually reliable Martín Gramática missed the kick. The Buccaneers fell in overtime to the Green Bay Packers, and ultimately lost to the Eagles in the wild card round. King did have an extremely productive season for a young QB leading his team to a 10-6 record and throwing for 18 tds (with only 13ints) and rushing for 5 more.
After the disappointing end to the 2000 NFL season, King was replaced by Brad Johnson for 2001 and relegated to a backup role for the following three seasons. In the 2002 season, Brad Johnson was injured and missed a game against the Carolina Panthers. Rob Johnson started at quarterback, but struggled to lead the offense, which managed to tie the game at 9-9 late in the fourth quarter. After a hard hit, Rob Johnson had to sit out a play on the final drive, prompting a cold-off-the-bench Shaun King to run in suddenly and throw an unexpected and decisive first down. A few plays later, Martín Gramática scored the game winning field goal.
A few weeks later, starter Brad Johnson was injured once again, and King was placed as the starter against the Pittsburgh Steelers on "Monday Night Football". After some fanfare, King had a dismal first half, falling behind 14-0 after two quick turnovers. King was benched, and Rob Johnson salvaged a 17-7 loss. King would not play another down for the Buccaneers that season, as they advanced to the postseason. He suited up as the #3 quarterback for Tampa Bay's victory in Super Bowl XXXVII, but did not play in the game. King returned as the backup quarterback in 2003, but only appeared in three games, starting none. His final game as a Buccaneer was in the final week against the Titans. The Buccaneers, already eliminated from playoff contention, had fallen behind early, and King took over in the second half to wind up the disappointing season.
After Tampa Bay.
In 2004, he signed with the Arizona Cardinals as a free agent, he started only two games and was released at the end of the season. In his first start against the Carolina Panthers he threw for 343 yards which was a season high for the Cardinals.
He signed a free agent contract with the Detroit Lions in spring 2006, but asked to be released after the Lions signed Josh McCown and Jon Kitna. On Friday June 2, 2006, he signed a free agent contract with the Indianapolis Colts, but was then released as a free agent on September 3.
On Friday November 29, 2006, King signed with the Las Vegas Gladiators of the Arena Football League. He threw 10 touchdowns against the Grand Rapids Rampage on March 8, 2007, but was released by the team after a 1-5 start on April 10 of the same year.
On May 30, 2007, King signed with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League. King was released eighteen days later, citing an inability to adapt to the CFL game in the short time frame.
Post-playing.
The Shaun King Foundation, headquartered in Winter Haven, Florida, is the principal supporter for the Kings Kids program in partnership with Boys & Girls Clubs of the Suncoast, St. Petersburg, Florida
In July 2008, King, working as an ESPN analyst, commented that it was "outside of normal" that recently released African-American NFL quarterbacks like Daunte Culpepper, Aaron Brooks, Byron Leftwich and himself were not signed to new teams.
King hosted the now-cancelled mid-day sports talk radio show "The King David Show" on 1010AM in the Tampa market. He is married, and has one daughter with his wife.
Shaun King is currently a college football analyst for Fox Sports Net. King is also a co-host and analyst on Fantasy Football Live for NBC Sports.

</doc>
<doc id="2910800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910800" title="National Physical Laboratory">
National Physical Laboratory

National Physical Laboratory can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2910801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910801" title="Petroleum reservoir">
Petroleum reservoir

A petroleum reservoir, or oil and gas reservoir, is a subsurface pool of hydrocarbons contained in porous or fractured rock formations. The naturally occurring hydrocarbons, such as crude oil or natural gas, are trapped by overlying rock formations with lower permeability. Reservoirs are found using hydrocarbon exploration methods.
Formation.
Crude oil found in all oil reservoirs formed in the Earth's crust from the remains of once-living things. Crude oil is properly known as petroleum, and is used as fossil fuel. Evidence indicates that millions of years of heat and pressure changed the remains of microscopic plant and animal into oil and natural gas.
Roy Nurmi, an interpretation adviser for Schlumberger, described the process as follows: "Plankton and algae, proteins and the life that's floating in the sea, as it dies, falls to the bottom, and these organisms are going to be the source of our oil and gas. When they're buried with the accumulating sediment and reach an adequate temperature, something above 50 to 70 °C they start to cook. This transformation, this change, changes them into the liquid hydrocarbons that move and migrate, will become our oil and gas reservoir."
In addition to the aquatic environment, which is usually a sea, but might also be a river, lake, coral reef or algal mat, the formation of an oil or gas reservoir also requires a sedimentary basin that passes through four steps: deep burial under sand and mud, pressure cooking, hydrocarbon migration from the source to the reservoir rock, and trapping by impermeable rock. Timing is also an important consideration; it is suggested that the Ohio River Valley could have had as much oil as the Middle East at one time, but that it escaped due to a lack of traps. The North Sea, on the other hand, endured millions of years of sea level changes that successfully resulted in the formation of more than 150 oilfields.
Although the process is generally the same, various environmental factors lead to the creation of a wide variety of reservoirs. Reservoirs exist anywhere from the land surface to below the surface and are a variety of shapes, sizes and ages.
Traps.
A trap forms when the buoyancy forces driving the upward migration of hydrocarbons through a permeable rock cannot overcome the capillary forces of a sealing medium. The timing of trap formation relative to that of petroleum generation and migration is crucial to ensuring a reservoir can form.
Petroleum geologists broadly classify traps into three categories that are based on their geological characteristics: the structural trap, the stratigraphic trap and the far less common hydrodynamic trap. The trapping mechanisms for many petroleum reservoirs have characteristics from several categories and can be known as a combination trap.
Structural traps.
Structural traps are formed as a result of changes in the structure of the subsurface due to processes such as folding and faulting, leading to the formation of domes, anticlines, and folds. Examples of this kind of trap are an anticline trap, a fault trap and a salt dome trap. (see salt dome) 
They are more easily delineated and more prospective than their stratigraphic counterparts, with the majority of the world's petroleum reserves being found in structural traps.
Stratigraphic traps.
"Stratigraphic traps" are formed as a result of lateral and vertical variations in the thickness, texture, porosity or lithology of the reservoir rock. Examples of this type of trap are an unconformity trap, a lens trap and a reef trap.
Hydrodynamic traps.
Hydrodynamic traps are a far less common type of trap. They are caused by the differences in water pressure, that are associated with water flow, creating a tilt of the hydrocarbon-water contact.
Seals.
The seal is a fundamental part of the trap that prevents hydrocarbons from further upward migration.
A capillary seal is formed when the capillary pressure across the pore throats is greater than or equal to the buoyancy pressure of the migrating hydrocarbons. They do not allow fluids to migrate across them until their integrity is disrupted, causing them to leak. There are two types of capillary seal whose classifications are based on the preferential mechanism of leaking: the hydraulic seal and the membrane seal.
The membrane seal will leak whenever the pressure differential across the seal exceeds the threshold displacement pressure, allowing fluids to migrate through the pore spaces in the seal. It will leak just enough to bring the pressure differential below that of the displacement pressure and will reseal.
The hydraulic seal occurs in rocks that have a significantly higher displacement pressure such that the pressure required for tension fracturing is actually lower than the pressure required for fluid displacement – for example, in evaporites or very tight shales. The rock will fracture when the pore pressure is greater than both its minimum stress and its tensile strength then reseal when the pressure reduces and the fractures close.
Estimating reserves.
After the discovery of a reservoir, a petroleum engineer will seek to build a better picture of the accumulation. In a simple textbook example of a uniform reservoir, the first stage is to conduct a seismic survey to determine the possible size of the trap. Appraisal wells can be used to determine the location of oil-water contact and with it, the height of the oil bearing sands. Often coupled with seismic data, it is possible to estimate the volume of oil bearing reservoir.
The next step is to use information from appraisal wells to estimate the porosity of the rock. The porosity, or the percentage of the total volume that contains fluids rather than solid rock, is 20-35% or less. It can give information on the actual capacity. Laboratory testing can determine the characteristics of the reservoir fluids, particularly the expansion factor of the oil, or how much the oil expands when brought from high pressure, high temperature of the reservoir to "stock tank" at the surface.
With such information, it is possible to estimate how many "stock tank" barrels of oil are located in the reservoir. Such oil is called the stock tank oil initially in place (STOIIP). As a result of studying things such as the permeability of the rock (how easily fluids can flow through the rock) and possible drive mechanisms, it is possible to estimate the recovery factor, or what proportion of oil in place can be reasonably expected to be produced. The recovery factor is commonly 30-35%, giving a value for the recoverable reserves.
The difficulty is that reservoirs are not uniform. They have variable porosities and permeabilities and may be compartmentalised, with fractures and faults breaking them up and complicating fluid flow. For this reason, computer modeling of economically viable reservoirs is often carried out. Geologists, geophysicists and reservoir engineers work together to build a model which allows simulation of the flow of fluids in the reservoir, leading to an improved estimate of reserves.
Reservoir forecasting.
Uncertainty assessment for future performance predictions of wells in oil reservoirs is performed using stochastic methods.
Production.
To obtain the contents of the oil reservoir, it is usually necessary to drill into the Earth's crust, although surface oil seeps exist in some parts of the world, such as the La Brea tar pits in California, and numerous seeps in Trinidad.
Drive mechanisms.
A virgin reservoir may be under sufficient pressure to push hydrocarbons to surface. As the fluids are produced, the pressure will often decline, and production will falter. The reservoir may respond to the withdrawal of fluid in a way that tends to maintain the pressure. Artificial drive methods may be necessary.
Solution gas drive.
This mechanism (also known as depletion drive) depends on the associated gas of the oil. The virgin reservoir may be entirely liquid, but will be expected to have gaseous hydrocarbons in solution due to the pressure. As the reservoir depletes, the pressure falls below the bubble point, and the gas comes out of solution to form a gas cap at the top. This gas cap pushes down on the liquid helping to maintain pressure.
This occurs when the natural gas is in a cap below the oil. When the well is drilled the lowered pressure above means that the oil expands. As the pressure is reduced it reaches bubble point and subsequently the gas bubbles drive the oil to the surface. The bubbles then reach critical saturation and flow together as a single gas phase. Beyond this point and below this pressure the gas phase flows out more rapidly than the oil because of its lowered viscosity. More free gas is produced and eventually the energy source is depleted. In some cases depending on the geology the gas may migrate to the top of the oil and form a secondary gas cap. 
Some energy may be supplied by water, gas in water, or compressed rock. These are usually minor contributions with respect to hydrocarbon expansion.
By properly managing the production rates, greater benefits can be had from solution gas drives. 
Secondary recovery involves the injection of gas or water to maintain reservoir pressure. 
The gas/oil ratio and the oil production rate are stable until the reservoir pressure drops below the bubble point when critical gas saturation is reached. 
When the gas is exhausted, the gas/oil ratio and the oil rate drops, the reservoir pressure has been reduced and the reservoir energy exhausted.
Gas cap drive.
In reservoirs already having a gas cap (the virgin pressure is already below bubble point), the gas cap expands with the depletion of the reservoir, pushing down on the liquid sections applying extra pressure.
This is present in the reservoir if there is more gas than can be dissolved in the reservoir. The gas will often migrate to the crest of the structure. It is compressed on top of the oil reserve, as the oil is produced the cap helps to push the oil out. Over time the gas cap moves down and infiltrates the oil and eventually the well will begin to produce more and more gas until it produces only gas. It is best to manage the gas cap effectively; that is, placing the oil wells such that the gas cap will not reach them until the maximum amount of oil is produced. Also a high production rate may cause the gas to migrate downward into the production interval. In this case over time the reservoir pressure depletion is not as steep as in the case of solution based gas drive. In this case the oil rate will not decline as steeply but will depend also on the placement of the well with respect to the gas cap.
As with other drive mechanisms, water or gas injection can be used to maintain reservoir pressure. When a gas cap is coupled with water influx the recovery mechanism can be highly efficient.
Aquifer (water) drive.
Water (usually salty) may be present below the hydrocarbons. Water, as with all liquids, is compressible to a small degree. As the hydrocarbons are depleted, the reduction in pressure in the reservoir allows the water to expand slightly. Although this unit expansion is minute, if the aquifer is large enough this will translate into a large increase in volume, which will push up on the hydrocarbons, maintaining pressure.
With a water-drive reservoir the decline in reservoir pressure is very slight; in some cases the reservoir pressure may remain unchanged. The gas/oil ratio also remains stable. The oil rate will remain fairly stable until the water reaches the well. In time, the water cut will increase and the well will be watered out. 
The water may be present in an aquifer (but rarely one replenished with surface water). This water gradually replaces the volume of oil and gas that is produced out of the well, given that the production rate is equivalent to the aquifer activity. That is, the aquifer is being replenished from some natural water influx. If the water begins to be produced along with the oil, the recovery rate may become uneconomical owing to the higher lifting and water disposal costs.
Water and gas injection.
If the natural drives are insufficient, as they very often are, then the pressure can be artificially maintained by injecting water into the aquifer or gas into the gas cap.
Gravity Drainage.
The force of gravity will cause the oil to move downward of the gas and upward of the water. If vertical permeability exists then recovery rates may be even better.
Gas & Gas Condensate Reservoirs.
These occur if the reservoir conditions allow the hydrocarbons to exist as a gas. Retrieval is a matter of gas expansion. Recovery from a closed reservoir (i.e., no water drive) is very good, especially if bottom hole pressure is reduced to a minimum (usually done with compressors at the well head). Any produced liquids are light coloured to colourless, with a gravity higher than 45 API. 
Gas Cycling is the process where dry gas is injected and produced along with condensed liquid.

</doc>
<doc id="2910806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910806" title="Anadarko Petroleum Corporation">
Anadarko Petroleum Corporation

Anadarko Petroleum Corporation is an American oil and gas exploration company and one of the world’s largest publicly traded oil and gas exploration and production companies, with approximately 2.5 billion barrels of oil equivalent (BOE) of proved reserves and annual sales volumes of 248 million BOE as of December 31, 2011. Anadarko employs a worldwide workforce of about 4,000. The company is headquartered in The Woodlands, SPD Montgomery County, Texas.
The company has been the subject of multiple environmental cases, including the largest environmental contamination settlement in American history in 2014.
History.
Anadarko was formed as a subsidiary of Panhandle Eastern Corporation Pipe Line Company, which existed from 1928 to 1993. Panhandle Eastern has since been acquired by Southern Union Company. Anadarko was formed in 1959 after the discovery of large amounts of natural gas in the Anadarko Basin, which underlies the Texas and Oklahoma panhandles, and southwest Kansas, thus the company's name. Anadarko spun off from Panhandle Eastern as an independent corporation in 1986 and now has activities in more than a dozen countries.
Deepwater Horizon Oil spill involvement.
Anadarko had 25 percent working interest in the Macondo Prospect, which was operated by BP and its finances were affected by the Deepwater Horizon oil spill.
BP has billed Anadarko more than $272 million for its share of cleanup and response costs in the Gulf, according to a bill that was sent by BP and obtained by TPMMuckraker. Anadarko publicly suggested that it will not pay for costs associated with the oil disaster, claiming in a statement that BP was guilty of gross negligence or willful misconduct. Under the joint operating agreement, Anadarko must pay its portion of costs related to any incident—unless that incident was caused by its partner's gross negligence or willful misconduct.
In what was seen as possibly a precursor to Anadarko's own course, in May 2011 MOEX Offshore agreed to pay US$1.07 billion to settle BP claims against it over the accident. MOEX owned a 10% stake in the well through a subsidiary and in turn itself was majority-owned by Mitsui & Co. Some analysts had thought BP would realize a larger settlement from MOEX but there was also relief to have a first step toward resolving the multiple claims. In October, 2011, Anadarko did in fact follow MOEX and agreed to settle with BP for $4 billion. BP agreed to "forgo reimbursement for future costs related to the incident and will indemnify Anadarko for damage claims arising under the U.S. Oil Pollution Act, among other costs. And Anadarko will transfer its 25% stake in Mississippi Canyon Block 252 (Macondo) to BP."
Largest environmental settlement in American history.
In April 2014, Anadarko settled with the Federal Government to pay over $5 billion to clean up environmental waste sites around the country. It was the largest environmental contamination settlement in American history.
The environmental contamination sites were inherited by Anadarko after it purchased Kerr-McGee in 2005. As background, Kerr-McGee had spun off the company Tronox to offload generations of environmental dumping of toxic waste across 22 states beginning in the 1920s. According to one report, "Kerr-McGee, rather than pay for the environmental mess it created, decided to shift the liabilities between 2002 and 2006 into Tronox. Kerr-McGee, meanwhile, kept its valuable oil and gas assets." Anadarko then purchased the "clean" portion of Kerr-McGee free of its legacy of environmental dumping. In 2009, shareholders of Tronox sued Anadarko (successor to Kerr-McGee) for having misled investors about the large environmental and other debts Tronox would inherit from its parent corporation. The environmental pollution included polluting Lake Mead in Nevada with rocket fuel, leaving behind radioactive waste piles throughout the territory of the Navajo Nation and dumping carcinogenic creosote in communities throughout the East, Midwest and South at its wood-treating facilities.
In April 2014, the federal government reached an over $5 billion settlement with Anadarko in the largest environmental contamination case in American history.
Activity.
The Company’s international oil and natural-gas production and development operations are located primarily in Algeria, Ghana, and China. The Company also has exploration acreage in Ghana, Mozambique, Brazil, Liberia, Sierra Leone, Kenya, Côte d'Ivoire, New Zealand, Indonesia, and other countries.
Anadarko’s operations in the United States include oil and natural-gas exploration and production onshore in the Lower 48 states, onshore Alaska, and the deepwater Gulf of Mexico. The company has major holdings in the Wattenberg Gas Field of Colorado, USA. The Company’s operations in the United States accounted for 87% of total sales volumes during 2011 and 90% of total proved reserves at year-end 2011.
In addition to exploration and production, the Company engages in the gathering, processing, and treating of natural gas, and the transporting of natural gas, crude oil, and NGLs. The Company also participates in the hard minerals business through its ownership of non-operated joint ventures and royalty arrangements.
Anadarko said it plans to drill more than 360 new wells in 2014 in Colorado’s Denver-Julesburg Basin.
Headquarters.
Anadarko Petroleum Corporation is headquartered in the Anadarko Tower in The Woodlands, Texas. On February 11, 1999 Anadarko announced that it would purchase a tract in The Woodlands, Montgomery County from the Woodlands Land Company. There Anadarko planned to build an , 32-story headquarters building. Anadarko opened the headquarters in mid-2002.
On January 17, 2012, Swamplot and the Houston Chronicle both reported that Anadarko will be erecting a brand new tower just west of the existing tower. The new building will stand 1 floor taller than the existing tower, which is 30 stories. The new building is expected to be completed in 2014 and when finished, will surpass the existing building in height becoming the tallest building between Houston and Dallas. During a Summer of 2013 "Topping Off" Ceremony Anadarko Tower was renamed Allison Tower for Robert Allison, Jr., longtime President & CEO of Anadarko Petroleum Corporation. The new tower is dedicated to James Hackett, another former Anadarko Petroleum CEO, and deemed Hackett Tower.
The company previously occupied the 17001 Northchase Drive in the Greenspoint district and in Houston. The tower, which was previously known as the Anadarko Tower, was built in a two-year period and completed in December 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="2910808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910808" title="Honda Phantom">
Honda Phantom

The Honda Phantom TA200 is a single cylinder Thai-made "retro cruiser" motorcycle. It was known in Australia as the TA Shadow. Production of the TA200 was stopped in Thailand on 3 March 2010.
Overall design was very similar to the Honda TA150. The major differences was that the TA200 contains a four-stroke engine and higher 197 cc displacement.
This motorcycle was very popular in Singapore due to it being one of the few cruisers available for a class 2B license (the most basic motorcycle license in Singapore). Class 2B license holders are only allowed to ride motorcycles with displacement below 200 cc.

</doc>
<doc id="2910809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910809" title="Cardew Robinson">
Cardew Robinson

Douglas John Cardew Robinson (14 August 1917 – 28 December 1992) was a British comic, whose craft was rooted in the music hall and Gang Shows.
Early life and career.
Born in Goodmayes, Essex, Robinson was educated at Harrow County School for Boys. He enjoyed acting in school productions and loved the books of Frank Richards, featuring Billy Bunter of Greyfriars and the weekly magazine "The Gem" with the adventures of Ralph Reckness Cardew of St. Jim's. In the early 1930s, while at Harrow County School for Boys, he wrote for the school magazine, the 'Gaytonian'. On leaving school, he took a job with a local newspaper, but it folded and he then joined Joe Boganny's touring Crazy College Boys, which opened at The Lyric Theatre, Hammersmith, London. However, Robinson knew that he required a more traditional training and went into repertory theatre, where one of his roles was as the monster in an adaptation of "Frankenstein". It was while serving in the RAF during the Second World War that he created his 'Cardew the Cad of the School' character. Promoted to flight-sergeant and put in charge of the show, Robinson toured France, Belgium and Holland. After the war, he appeared with the commercial production of the Gang Show in variety theatres. He began in variety and also played the character on radio and stage and later in a film, "Fun at St Fanny’s". 'Cardew the Cad' became a cartoon strip in "Film Fun", a children’s comic of the period.
Television, films and theatre.
As a young man he had appeared in films as early as 1938, starting in a short in the series "Ghost Tales Retold" and following it ten years later with "A Piece of Cake" starring Cyril Fletcher. He successfully made the transition from Variety and radio into TV and films. In the latter, he nearly always played small but memorable cameo parts, thus an early theatrical review mentioned “…Mr Cardew Robinson, who seems to specialise in grotesques…”. Unusually, in the 1956 film "Fun at St Fanny’s" he had one of the main roles playing himself and received second to top billing. One of his last appearances on television, in an episode of "Last of the Summer Wine", in which he played a hen-pecked husband, led astray by Compo and Clegg, showed him to be a fine exponent of physical comedy into his seventies. He also appeared in an episode of "Hancock's Half Hour". When Hancock was holding a reunion of his old army friends, Cardew Robinson was the only one who appeared not to have become staid and boring - but when he took off his coat it was seen that he had become a vicar.
In the production of "Camelot" in London in 1964, Robinson played King Pellenore. The show apparently ran for 650 performances, although it was not well received by the critics. Also, in 1964, Robinson's TV work included the series 'Fire Crackers', featuring the day-to-day challenges and mishaps of the Cropper's End Fire Brigade. Cardew Robinson was best known in Britain for appearances on TV and in radio shows like "You’ve Got to be Joking" which he created, as well as "Does the Team Think…". He only acted in one "Carry On" film, "Carry On Up the Khyber"; he played a fakir drawing the memorable line from Bernard Bresslaw, whose character, Bungdit Din, tells him to “Fakir…off!”.
Obituary.
Robinson died at the age of 75. His obituary in "The Times", described him as “a quiet studious man, whose private face belied his public appearance”. A letter to the paper from a later headmaster of his old school, talked about his “generous spirit”. He had divorced before he died, but had two daughters, Leanne and Lindy.

</doc>
<doc id="2910811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910811" title="Yanahuara District">
Yanahuara District

Yanahuara District is a suburb within the city of Arequipa, Peru. Yanahuara is well known for its buildings built from sillar, a pearly white volcanic rock. At least 1/4 of the district's area is taken by "Umacollo", where various middle-class residential houses of the city are located. Yanahuara includes the popular avenue strip known as the "Avenida Ejército", where many banks and modern offices are also located. Its surroundings contain various well-cared churches of the Spanish-colonial era, as well as public parks and the well-known "el mirador e iglesia de Yanahuara", a popular spot where tourists concur to view the city and its background volcanoes.

</doc>
<doc id="2910814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910814" title="National Physical Laboratory of India">
National Physical Laboratory of India

The National Physical Laboratory of India, situated in New Delhi, is the measurement standards laboratory of India. It maintains standards of SI units in India and calibrates the national standards of weights and measures.
History of measurement systems in India.
One of the most ancient texts of India owned by Amit, "Manusmriti", describes among the duties of the king: "The king should examine the weights and balances every six months to ensure true measurements and to mark them with the royal stamp." -- "Manusmriti", 8th Chapter, Shloka 403. In the Harappan era, which is nearly 5000 years old, one finds excellent examples of town planning and architecture. The sizes of the bricks were the same all over the region. In the time of Chandragupta Maurya, some 2400 years ago, there was a well - defined system of weights and measures. The government of that time ensured that everybody used the same system. In the Indian medical system, Ayurveda, the units of mass and volume were well defined.
The measurement system during the time of the Mughal emperor, Akbar, the "gaz" was the measure of length. The "gaz" was widely used till the introduction of the metric system in India in 1956. During the British period, efforts were made to achieve uniformity in weights and measures. A compromise was reached in the system of measurements which continued till India's independence in 1947. After independence in 1947, it was realized that for fast industrial growth of the country, it would be necessary to establish a modern measurement system in the country. The Lok Sabha in April 1955 resolved : "This house is of the opinion that the Government of India should take necessary steps to introduce uniform weights and measures throughout the country based on metric system".
History of the National Physical Laboratory, India.
The National Physical Laboratory, India was set up in 1900) is one of the earliest national laboratories set up under the Council of Scientific & Industrial Research. Jawaharlal Nehru laid the foundation stone of NPL on 4 January 1947. Dr. K. S. Krishnan was the first Director of the laboratory. The main building of the laboratory was formally opened by Former Deputy Prime Minister Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel on 21 January 1950. Former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi, inaugurated the Silver Jubilee Celebration of the Laboratory on 23 December 1975.
NPL Charter:-
The main aim of the laboratory is to strengthen and advance physics-based research and development for the overall development of science and technology in the country. In particular its objectives are:
To establish, maintain and improve continuously by research, for the benefit of the nation, National Standards of Measurements and to realize the Units based on International System (Under the subordinate Legislations of Weights and Measures Act 1956,reissued in 1988 under the 1976 Act). 
To identify and conduct after due consideration, research in areas of physics which are most appropriate to the needsof the nation and for advancement of field
To assist industries, national and other agencies in their developmental tasks by precision measurements, calibration, development of devices, processes, and other allied problems related to physics.
To keep itself informed of and study critically the status of physics.
Maintenance of standards of measurements in India.
Each modernized country, including India has a National Metrological Institute (NMI), which maintains the standards of measurements. This responsibility has been given to the National Physical Laboratory, New Delhi.
Metre.
The standard unit of length, metre, is realized by employing a stabilized Helium - Neon laser as a source of light. Its frequency is measured experimentally. From this value of frequency and the internationally accepted value of the speed of light (299,792,458 metres/second), the wavelength is determined using the relation:
Wavelength = Velocity of light / frequency
The nominal value of wavelength, employed at NPL is 633 nanometer. By a sophisticated instrument, known as an optical interferometer, any length can be measured in terms of the wavelength of laser light.
The present level of uncertainty attained at NPL in length measurements is ± 3 × 10−9. However in most measurements, an uncertainty of ± 1 × 10−6 is adequate.
Kilogramme.
The Indian national standard of mass, kilogramme, is copy number 57 of the international prototype kilogram supplied by the International Bureau of Weights and Measures (BIPM : French - Bureau International des Poids et Mesures), Paris. This is a Platinum Iridium cylinder whose mass is measured against the international prototype at BIPM. The NPL also maintains a group of transfer standard kilograms made of non - magnetic stainless steel and nickel - chromium alloy.
The uncertainty in mass measurements at NPL is ± 4.6 × 10−9.
Second.
The national standard of time interval, second as well as frequency, is maintained through four parameters, which can be measured most accurately. Therefore, attempts are made to link other physical quantities to time and frequency. The standard maintained at NPL has to be linked to different users. This process, known as dissemination, is carried out in a number of ways. For applications requiring low levels of uncertainty, there is satellite based dissemination service, which utilizes the Indian national satellite, INSAT. Time is also disseminated through TV, radio, and special telephone services. The caesium atomic clocks maintained at NPL are linked to other such instituted all over the world through a set of global positioning satellites.
Ampere.
The unit of electric current, ampere, is realized at NPL by measuring volt and Ohm separately.
The uncertainty in measurement of ampere is ± 1 × 10−6.
Kelvin.
The standard of temperature is based on the International Temperature Scale of 1990 (ITS - 90). This is based on the assigned temperatures to several fixed points. One of the most fundamental temperatures of these is the triple point of water. At this temperature, ice, water and steam are at equilibrium with each other. This temperature has been assigned the value of 273.16 kelvin. This temperature can be realized, maintained and measured in the laboratory. At present temperature standards maintained at NPL cover a range of 54 to 2,473 kelvin.
The uncertainty in its measure is ± 2.5 × 10−4.
Candela.
The unit of luminous intensity, candela, is realized by using an absolute radiometer. For practical work, a group of tungsten incandescent lamps are used.
The level of uncertainty is ± 1.3 × 10−2.
Mole.
Experimental work has been initiated to realize mole, the SI unit for amount of substance.
Radiation.
The NPL does not maintain standards of measurements for ionizing radiations. This is the responsibility of the Homi Bhabha Atomic Research Centre, Mumbai.
Calibrator of weights and measures.
The standards maintained at NPL are periodically compared with standards maintained at other National Metrological Institutes in the world as well as the BIPM in Paris. This exercise ensures that Indian national standards are equivalent to those of the rest of the world.
Any measurement made in a country should be directly or indirectly linked to the national standards of the country, For this purpose, a chain of laboratories are set up in different states of the country. The weights and measures used in daily life are tested in the laboratories and certified. It is the responsibility of the NPL to calibrate the measurement standards in these laboratories at different levels. In this manner, the measurements made in any part of the country are linked to the national standards and through them to the international standards.
The weights and balances used in local markets and other areas are expected to be certified by the Department of Weights and Measures of the local government. Working standards of these local departments should, in turn, be calibrated against the state level standards or any other laboratory which is entitled to do so. The state level laboratories are required to get their standards calibrated from the NPL at the national level which is equivalent to the international standards.
Research.
NPL is also involved in research. One of the important research activities undertaken by NPL is to devise the chemical formula for the indelible ink which is being used in the Indian elections to prevent fraudulent voting. This ink, manufactured by the Mysore Paints and Varnish Limited is applied on the finger nail of the voter as an indicator that the voter has already cast his vote.

</doc>
<doc id="2910818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910818" title="Favez">
Favez

Favez is a rock band from Lausanne, Switzerland.
On their first three albums (prior to 1997) they were called Favez Disciples, after a figure from the movie "Le Mans" with Steve McQueen.
Current lineup.
As of 2007, their lineup is:

</doc>
<doc id="2910822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910822" title="USS Bates (DE-68)">
USS Bates (DE-68)

USS "Bates" (DE-68/APD-47), a of the United States Navy, was named in honor of Ensign Edward M. Bates (19 September 1919 – 7 December 1941), who was killed on board during the attack on Pearl Harbor.
"Bates" was launched on 6 June 1943 at the Bethlehem-Hingham Shipyard, Inc., Hingham, Massachusetts; sponsored by Mrs. Elizabeth Mason Bates, mother of Ensign Bates; and commissioned on 12 September 1943, with Lieutenant Commander E. H. Maher, USNR in command.
Service history.
"Bates" reported to the Atlantic Fleet, and escorted convoys to and from the British Isles until May 1944, primarily engaged in coastal escort and patrol duty with Escort Division 19. At this time, CortDiv 19 consisted of the destroyer escorts 
"Bates", , , , , and . She completed three round-trip crossings by May. On 31 May 1944 she arrived at Plymouth, England, and reported to TF 129 in preparation for the invasion of Normandy. Between 6 and 12 June, she carried out fire support duties off the Normandy coast. On 8 June, she rescued 163 survivors of the destroyer , which sustained severe damage and sank when she struck a mine.
Returning to New York City on 21 June, "Bates" underwent a brief yard availability and then escorted another convoy to England. Upon her return, she was converted to a "Charles Lawrence"-class high speed transport by Marine Basin Company, Brooklyn, New York. On 31 July her classification was changed to APD-47. Her conversion was completed on 23 October, and she departed the east coast five days later for the Pacific Ocean.
Between December 1944 and February 1945, "Bates" carried out training operations, with various Underwater Demolition Teams embarked, in the vicinity of the Hawaiian and western Caroline Islands. On 10 February, she departed Ulithi en route to the invasion of Iwo Jima. She arrived off Iwo Jima on 16 February and remained in the vicinity until 4 March, during which time she conducted high-speed observation runs around the island and acted as the parent ship for UDT-12.
After a brief period of availability at Ulithi she departed for the invasion of Okinawa. Between 25 March and 25 May, "Bates" assisted in UDT operations, conducted patrols, and escorted two convoys between Ulithi and Okinawa. On 6 April she rescued 23 survivors of the destroyer , which had been hit by a Japanese suicide aircraft.
At 1115 on 25 May, while patrolling two miles south of Ie Shima, Okinawa, "Bates" was attacked by three Japanese aircraft. The first dropped a bomb, scoring a near miss which ruptured the starboard hull of the ship, and then crashed into the starboard side of the fantail. The second aircraft, almost simultaneously, made a suicide hit on the pilothouse. Shortly thereafter, the third aircraft made a bombing run scoring a near miss amidships, portside, rupturing the hull. At 1145 the commanding officer ordered "Bates" abandoned. Twenty-one of her crew were either dead or missing from the attacks. During the afternoon, the tug was able to get a line aboard and towed "Bates" to Ie Shima anchorage. At 1923 on 25 May 1945, the still burning "Bates" capsized and sank in 20 fathoms of water.
Awards.
"Bates" received three battle stars for her World War II service in the Atlantic and Pacific.

</doc>
<doc id="2910823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910823" title="Freya Mathews">
Freya Mathews

Freya Mathews is an Australian philosopher and author. Her work is mainly concerned with ecological philosophy but also deals with questions of metaphysics, epistemology, ethics and politics as well as a variety of themes, such as cosmology, place, identity and indigeneity versus modernity. Mathews was Associate Professor in Philosophy at Latrobe University till 2008 and is currently a research fellow and graduate supervisor there.
Books.
Her books include:

</doc>
<doc id="2910831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910831" title="Silent Trigger">
Silent Trigger

Silent Trigger (written and produced as "The Algonquin Goodbye") is a 1996 film directed by Russell Mulcahy (of Highlander fame) starring Dolph Lundgren and Gina Bellman about a sniper and his female spotter. Lundgren plays a former hitman sent on a mission by a secretive "Agency", to assassinate a target from an abandoned skyscraper in construction. Memories and moral dilemmas resurface when a former spotter from a failed assignment shows up.
Plot synopsis.
The movie takes place in and around an unfinished city skyscraper where the shooter (mentioned on movie cover as "Waxman") and spotter ("Clegg") set up a shooting platform on a top floor. The two arrive independent of each other, two of The Agency's assassins. As they meet, they both recognize each other, as they have been on a mission together before.
This mission is portrayed in a series of flashbacks. In the first flashback Waxman and Clegg were supposed to assassinate a female politician. Waxman hesitates when the politician lifts a child, and while hesitating a helicopter shows up, air assaulting soldiers in the courtyard behind the team's firing position.
The two fight down the attacking force, including the machine-gun-equipped helicopter, whose pilot and copilot are shot through the canopy.
Returning to the main scene, we learn that the one of security personnel of the construction site is new on the job. The drug-addicted regular ("O'Hara", played by Christopher Heyerdahl) attempts to win a statutorial position over him by scaring him. As Waxman opens a roof door, a light lights up by the security personnel, and the newcomer ("Klein", played by Conrad Dunn) goes to look for it.
The internal lift of the building is clearly audible, and Clegg watches over Klein's movements, when he arrives. She interrupts his inspections when he is about to open the roof door. She takes him to the lift, sending him downwards. However, as she is just talking him off, she sees Waxman sitting on top of the lift car. He mounts a bomb on the lift car, and, when the car starts moving, almost falls down the shaft. He is saved by Clegg, and they both attempt keeping up the "just business"-facade, although some appreciation can be felt.
While the two on the rooftop readjust their gear, O'Hara presumably decides to rape Clegg. However, Clegg pulls her small-caliber sidearm, and threatens O'Hara into the lift.
When O'Hara returns downstairs, he picks up his gun and puts on body armor. He then surprises Clegg while she is standing over the sink of the top-floor bathrooms. Clegg pulls her gun on him, and puts a well-placed bullet in his chest. Unsurprised by this, O'Hara attacks Clegg, but is encountered by Waxman, and a violent fight takes place in an unfinished hall between various building materials. The fight is won by Waxman, and he ties the now bloody O'Hara to a toilet.
The inevitable spark between Clegg and Waxman leads them to make love in this part of the movie, while O'Hara is tied to the toilet. Afterwards, as duty continues, Waxman heads for the bathrooms, but sees water running out under the door to the bathroom. He pulls his gun, and finds out that O'Hara is gone.
O'Hara bears the toilet with him down the stairs. When he arrives downstairs, he is furious with revenge, grabs his shotgun and is about to go upstairs to finish off Waxman. Klein, the new security guard, shoots O'Hara with his shotgun, walks to the spot where the dying O'Hara lies, and in cold blood puts a final shot into him.
Upstairs, the two are engaging the target. As before, Waxman hesitates and doesn't take the shot. As history repeats itself for the two, Clegg pulls her sidearm and threatens Waxman to do his duty. Before the situation escalates, another shooter shoots the target four times, and when done, takes aim for Clegg and Waxman. Waxman quickly throws himself and Clegg away from the shot, grabs his rifle and shoots the adversary. While Waxman reloads his rifle (that is, unmounting the bolt of the rifle, placing a new round on the bolt, and remounting this into the rifle), another adversary picks up the laid shooters rifle, takes aim and shoots. Waxman once again manages to throw himself out of harm's way.
Now, special forces fall through the roof window of the room. Waxman reloads his rifle and quickly takes one of them out. While he reloads, Clegg takes out one of their adversaries, and the rest seek cover behind the pillars of the room.
Waxman's next shot goes into a soldier who stands below the platform he is placed on. The shot tears up the soldier's chest, unaffected by his body armor.
A soldier has Clegg cornered, and Waxman positions himself below the metallic upper floor, on a rolling platform. He pushes off, and shoots the soldier repeatedly with his sidearm from below, while rolling underneath him.
When Waxman again is on the platform, he hears nervous footsteps from the left staircase to the platform. Unable to do much else, he feels for an available round on the gun's side, but there are none. When Waxman and the soldier see each other, a tense second goes by, and the soldier's full helmet is perforated by Clegg's shots from the opposing staircase.
Lastly, Waxman and Clegg are surprised by Klein, who has stealthily entered the room. He shoots Waxman in the chest with his shotgun, but is threatened by Clegg who has picked up an MP5 submachinegun. He takes the lift car and leaves when the planted bomb explodes.
Clegg flees the skyscraper (in the assumption that Waxman is dead). As she walks away from the building, the top of a nearby fire hydrant is shot off. She looks up, and sees Waxman throwing his sniper rifle off the building. She then smilingly walks away.

</doc>
<doc id="2910837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910837" title="Computational finance">
Computational finance

Computational finance is a branch of applied computer science that deals with problems of practical interest in finance. Some slightly different definitions are the study of data and algorithms currently used in finance and the mathematics of computer programs that realize financial models or systems.
Computational finance emphasizes practical numerical methods rather than mathematical proofs and focuses on techniques that apply directly to economic analyses. It is an interdisciplinary field between mathematical finance and numerical methods. Two major areas are efficient and accurate computation of fair values of financial securities and the modeling of stochastic price series.
History.
The birth of computational finance as a discipline can be traced to Harry Markowitz in the early 1950s. Markowitz conceived of the portfolio selection problem as an exercise in mean-variance optimization. This required more computer power than was available at the time, so he worked on useful algorithms for approximate solutions. Mathematical finance began with the same insight, but diverged by making simplifying assumptions to express relations in simple closed forms that did not require sophisticated computer science to evaluate.
In the 1960s, hedge fund managers such as Ed Thorp and Michael Goodkin (working with Harry Markowitz, Paul Samuelson and Robert C. Merton) pioneered the use of computers in arbitrage trading. In academics, sophisticated computer processing was needed by researchers such as Eugene Fama in order to analyze large amounts of financial data in support of the efficient-market hypothesis.
During the 1970s, the main focus of computational finance shifted to options pricing and analyzing mortgage securitzations. In the late 1970s and early 1980s, a group of young quantitative practitioners who became known as “rocket scientists” arrived on Wall Street and brought along personal computers. This led to an explosion of both the amount and variety of computational finance applications. Many of the new techniques came from signal processing and speech recognition rather than traditional fields of computational economics like optimization and time series analysis.
By the end of the 1980s, the winding down of the Cold War brought a large group of displaced physicists and applied mathematicians, many from behind the Iron Curtain, into finance. These people become known as “financial engineers” (“quant” is a term that includes both rocket scientists and financial engineers, as well as quantitative portfolio managers). This led to a second major extension of the range of computational methods used in finance, also a move away from personal computers to mainframes and supercomputers. Around this time computational finance became recognized as a distinct academic subfield. The first degree program in computational finance was offered by Carnegie Mellon University in 1994. 
Over the last 20 years, the field of computational finance has expanded into virtually every area of finance, and the demand for practitioners has grown dramatically. Moreover, many specialized companies have grown up to supply computational finance software and services.

</doc>
<doc id="2910840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910840" title="Rosine Vieyra Soglo">
Rosine Vieyra Soglo

Rosine Vieyra Soglo is a member of the Pan-African Parliament from Benin. Soglo is married to former Benin President Nicéphore Soglo and served as the First Lady of Benin from 1991 to 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="2910841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910841" title="Miliolida">
Miliolida

Miliolida is an order of protists which comprise foraminifera with calcareous, porcelacous tests that are imperforate and commonly have a pseudochitinous lining. (Loeblick and Tappen, 1964). Tests are composed of randomly oriented calcite needles that have a high proportion of magnesium along with organic material. Tests lack pores and generally have multiple chambers.
Miliolids, which range from the Carboniferous to Recent, are benthic foraminifera abundant in shallow waters such as in estuaries and along coastlines, though they also include deep water oceanic forms. 
The Order Miliolida, sometimes referred to as a suborder, the Miliolina, is divided on the basis of differences in test morphology into five recognized superfamilies.

</doc>
<doc id="2910846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910846" title="MDSP">
MDSP

MDSP is a multiprocessor DSP family from Cradle Technologies. Currently used mostly in streaming video processing in broadcast (internet and terrestrial) and video surveillance security markets.
It is a loosely coupled architecture that employs compute and Input/output (IO) subsystems with programmable (software defined) IO, consisting of general purpose and signal processing cores. The general purpose cores are used for control and IO processing and the DSP cores for fixed or floating point computation.
MDSP is similar in architecture to the Cell (microprocessor) processor from STI (Sony, Toshiba and IBM)
except it has multiple processing elements. Cell is PowerPC based. The PE (processing element) or GPP (General purpose processor) units are 32 bit general purpose RISC-like cores coupled with signal processing units (DSP or DSE) via a databus.
Development tools.
The initial software development kit (sdk4) was based on cygwin 1.3.x and Cradles umgcc (GCC port). Sdk5 is based on Cygwin 1.5.x and cragcc (gcc port).
The chips are programmed in a mix of C and CLASM (C like assembly). The PEs can be programmed in C, the DSEs and MTEs are programmed in CLASM. The programmer has to manage resource allocation using semaphores, paying special attention to keeping all DSP units fed with instructions.

</doc>
<doc id="2910863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910863" title="Orou Gabé Orou Sego">
Orou Gabé Orou Sego

Orou Gabé Orou Sego is a member of the Pan-African Parliament from Benin, beginning in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="2910872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910872" title="Carlos Lopez-Barillas">
Carlos Lopez-Barillas

Carlos Lopez-Barillas is a Guatemalan-born photographer and athlete who has been living and working in the United Kingdom since 1994. His work appears regularly in publications like "The New York Times", "The Philadelphia Inquirer", "Boston Globe", "Dallas Morning News". His most recent series of work studies the post-conflict Protestant community of Northern Ireland; previous work includes the last ten years of the conflict in Northern Ireland, the Zapatista rebel uprising in the Mexican state of Chiapas, and the armed conflicts in Central America. His work has recently turned more towards the architecture, landscape and social documentary areas of photography.
Early life.
The Lopez-Barillas family is a Guatemalan family with origins in Spain and Switzerland. Lopez-Barillas' father, Carlos Humberto Lopez y Lopez, was a coffee trade businessman and a professional cycling national and international champion in his youth.
During his earlier years Lopez-Barillas was always active in sports, first while attending St Sebastian school in Guatemala City, a school with a long tradition in athletics. This was the foundation for a lasting sporting career.
Some of the Lopez-Barillas family's notable ancestors are:
Second Great Grandfather Jose Venancio Lopez-Requena second president of the Republic (1842). Jose Venancio was also the first president of the Judicial Courts of Justice and the Supreme Court of the republic.
First Great Grandfather Lucio Lopez, famous landowner who voiced the opposition of the people against President's Rafael Carrera expropriation of communal land program. He was murdered by President Carrera's forces at the patronal house of one of his farms in 1845. A peasant revolt ensued instigated by an armed rebel faction who called themselves "Los Lucios" after the landlord who supported their cause.
The rebels went on a long run of pillaging and plundering throughout much of the east of the country. The revolt came to an end when President Carrera received news that "Los Lucios" were marching towards Guatemala city, camping 30 miles outside the city centre with the intention of taking the city. President Carrera rode to the field where "Los Lucios" were camping and after requesting a truce to dialogue, he met the rebel leaders and promised not to pursue his expropriation program. This successfully ended the revolt.
General Manuel Lisandro Barillas 13th. President of the Republic 1885-1892 Subsequently murdered by President Manuel Estrada Cabrera in 1907 after organizing and supporting an unsuccessful coup attempt against Estrada Cabrera in 1903. He was murdered while in exile in Mexico.
Brigadier General Policarpo Lopez-Pinto (Great-Grandfather) Governor and Chief-Of-Arms of the estates of Chiquimula and Jalapa in East Guatemala during the rule of President Manuel Estrada Cabrera 1898-1906. He was murdered by orders of president Manuel Estrada Cabrera in 1906 after the Head of the Guatemalan Aristocracy The Aycinena Family expressed their support of General Lopez as the preferred choice to succeed Estrada Cabrera in the presidency.
Carlos Humberto Lopez-Gonzales (Grandfather) after the conservatives murder his father he turned to Left Wing Political activist and Politician, he supported the 1944 left wing revolution and was minister of transport during the presidency of Juan Jose Arevalo, 1945-1951 and Chief of Customs during the presidency of Jacobo Arbenz 1951-1954. He was briefly imprisoned and released during the right wing counter-revolution in 1955. He died of natural causes in 1979.
Career.
During his younger years, Lopez-Barillas spent a short spell working as a fashion photographer for the fashion magazine "Amiga", Upon closure of the magazine he was offered a post as a news photographer in "Prensa Libre", an experience which marked the transformation of his work from fashion to reportage. He worked there for a few years until he was offered a post with the American news agency the Associated Press (AP).
Lopez-Barillas continued working for AP until his subsequent move to live in Europe in 1996, working independently from then on.
Among other awards, he received a replica of the Nobel Peace Prize medal from Nobel laureate Rigoberta Menchu in December 1994 for his documentary work.
Sports.
In his youth Lopez-Barillas won several Guatemalan skateboarding competitions, specialisng in pool and vertical riding, he went to win the national aerial championship in 1978 with a recorded 6-foot high aerial. His interest with board based sports extended into surfing. He became active in swimming and waterpolo during his university years, first joining the national university USAC team, and later drafted into the Guatemalan National Waterpolo Squad where he played over 100 international caps, between 1980 and 1995. Among other victories, he played in the different teams that won the national waterpolo and swimming championships between 1981 and 1995, He won gold medals in the Central American Games in 1985, 1989, and 1993, also gold in the Central America Mexico and Caribbean games of 1986 and 1990. After his move to Europe he continued playing waterpolo in Ireland, playing with the team Clonard in the first division of the Irish Waterpolo League. Lopez-Barillas suffered a serious accident while snowboarding in 2002, fracturing his left arm and requiring reconstructive surgery to his left wrist and hand, to date he is still active in skateboarding, snowboarding, surfing and kite surfing. He is also active in the London, Squash scene.

</doc>
<doc id="2910873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910873" title="Ismaël Tidjani Serpos">
Ismaël Tidjani Serpos

Ismaël Tidjani Serpos is a member of the Pan-African Parliament from Benin.

</doc>
<doc id="2910877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910877" title="WSHM-LD">
WSHM-LD

WSHM-LD is the low-powered, CBS-affiliated television station for the Pioneer Valley of Western Massachusetts. Licensed to Springfield, it broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 21 (or virtual channel 3.5 via PSIP) from a transmitter on Ridge Road in Wilbraham. Owned by the Meredith Corporation, WSHM has studios in the Monarch Tower in Springfield's Metro Center section. It is known on-air as CBS 3 based on it channel location on most cable systems. 
Although operated as a separate station in its own right, WSHM is actually considered a semi-satellite of WFSB in Hartford, Connecticut. As such, this outlet airs most network and syndicated programming as provided through WFSB. The most notable programming differences include WSHM airing "CBS This Morning Saturday" (but WFSB does not), showing "Face the Nation" in its entirety, and broadcasting "The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson" in its regular time slot (as opposed to WFSB which airs the program on a thirty minute tape delay). In addition, this station airs separate local commercials inserts and legal identifications. Master control and some internal operations of WSHM are based at WFSB's studios on Capital Boulevard in Rocky Hill, Connecticut.
History.
It signed-on as W42AU in 1988 airing a low-powered analog signal, on UHF channel 42, from a transmitter on Mount Tom in Holyoke. The station served as a repeater of Trinity Broadcasting's national religious network. In 1994, it moved to UHF channel 67 and became W67DF. Originally, CBS was seen in the Pioneer Valley on WHYN-TV (now WGGB-TV) from 1953 until 1958. At that point, WFSB (then known as WTIC-TV with no relation to the current station except for the same calls) became the network's Connecticut affiliate. Due to its strong analog signal on heritage VHF channel 3, the station also became CBS' affiliate of record in Springfield. Later on, WTIC/WFSB would begin purchasing syndicated programming to air in the Hartford/New Haven and Springfield/Holyoke markets (this practice continues today). It also blocked several attempts by WGGB to switch from ABC back to CBS. 
Sometime in 2003, the Meredith Corporation (having acquired WFSB in June 1997) purchased W67DF in order to set up a separate operation in the Pioneer Valley. Reasons for such a launch ranged from advertising opportunities to complaints from New England Patriots fans in weeks when the station chose to air other National Football League games from the American Football Conference. In November of that year, the station joined CBS and adopted the call sign WSHM-LP after upgrading to official low-powered status. It immediately replaced WFSB on Pioneer Valley cable systems. The station became known on-air as "CBS 3" based on the cable channel location in order to encourage longtime WFSB viewers to stay with WSHM after the switch. 
Right from the start of its CBS affiliation, it was a semi-satellite of WFSB and cleared its syndicated programming except for those shows already seen on the other stations based in Springfield. WSHM did not simulcast any local newscasts from its parent even though this could have been possible because it was operated out of WFSB's "Broadcast House" studios at Constitution Plaza in Downtown Hartford. 
In August 2006, this station changed its logo from one resembling sister station KPHO-TV to a logo resembling (but unrelated to) KYW-TV in Philadelphia. On May 25, 2007, WFSB's studios were flooded by a water main break. The flooding knocked out power and phone service to the building which in turn caused WFSB to go dark. WSHM's master control was also affected and the station went black for about an hour mid-afternoon and intermittently throughout the evening. There were some points during the weekend that its "CBS 3 Springfield" IDs were being seen on WFSB and that station's IDs were seen on WSHM. On June 27, master control and internal operations of WFSB and WSHM moved to the former's new facilities in Rocky Hill. 
Since it is a low-powered station, WSHM was exempt from the Federal Communication Commission (FCC) mandated switch to digital-only broadcasting on or before June 12, 2009. Back on February 28, 2008, a high definition feed of this station was added to Comcast replacing WFSB-DT which moved to digital channel 291 and became a standard definition feed. Charter followed suit two years later. An application filed with the FCC calling for WSHM to launch its own low-powered digital station on channel 49 was dismissed in June 2006. Another application to move the existing analog signal to channel 45 was dismissed in 2004 at the station's request. 
More recently, WSHM had a construction permit to air a low-powered digital signal on UHF channel 21 from a new transmitter. On November 22, 2010, this became active after WSHM finally gained a "license to cover" allowing it to turn-off its analog signal on channel 67 and activate its own digital signal for the first time. Through PSIP, the signal appears as 3.5 which is based on WFSB's virtual channel identification. Normally, it would be 67.1 taken from WSHM's defunct analog signal. On January 7, 2011 to reflect the change to digital-exclusive transmission, its calls were officially changed to WSHM-LD. 
WFSB's current digital signal can be reached in southern areas of the Pioneer Valley giving the area access to two CBS affiliates. In September 2010, WSHM began to carry select live UMass Minutemen sports programming on its second digital subchannel in addition to airing local weather. WSHM-LD2 can also be seen on Comcast digital channel 293 and Charter digital channel 230. It can also be viewed on the UMass Amherst campus on channel 79.
On June 18, 2014, Meredith announced that it would acquire WGGB from Gormally Broadcasting creating a duopoly with WSHM. Although FCC broadcast ownership rules normally forbid same-market ownership of two of the four highest-rated television stations (based on monthly total-day ratings), which often constitute stations affiliated with the four major broadcast networks (the Springfield market has only three full-power television stations, too few to allow a duopoly in any normal circumstance), the deal is permissible under FCC rules which allow common ownership of full-power and low-power television stations (the respective class designations of WGGB and WSMH) in all markets. 
News operation.
In October 2005, WSHM established a news department and began producing local newscasts from its Springfield studios. It was the first station in the United States to use Grass Valley's "Ignite" control room system. Originally, "CBS 3 Springfield News" was seen Monday through Saturday nights at 6, Sundays at 6:30, and every night at 11. Initially after entering the local newscast race in the Pioneer Valley, it struggled to make a dent in the ratings of longtime market leader NBC affiliate WWLP and established runner up ABC outlet WGGB. Eventually, this station grew substantially across the board during the May 2009 sweeps period to within decimal points of WGGB in several key demographics. Compared with the area's two other commercial television stations, WSHM tends to have more of a flashier format in its newscasts featuring fast-paced coverage. 
Fending off a challenge by WGGB, WSHM debuted the area's first prime time newscast on August 18, 2008. Known as "CBS 3 Springfield Non-Stop News at 10", the twenty-minute program aired in a commercial-free format on its local weather channel seven nights a week and was also streamed live on its website. The launch beat Fox affiliate WGGB-DT2 which started its own nightly prime time show at 10 on September 8. At some point in time for an unknown reason, WSHM's 10 p.m. broadcast was dropped. On August 24, 2009, it began airing a thirty-minute show on weekday afternoons called "CBS 3 Springfield News First at 4". It was the first Pioneer Valley station to make such a launch and currently remains the only local newscast seen in the time slot. The program was expanded to an hour on February 4, 2013. 
In September 2010, the station began promoting an updated local news format that contains the top stories of the day and a full weather segment shown in the first five minutes of all newscasts before a commercial break. To go along with the change, a new logo debuted with an updated music package and graphics theme identical to sister station WFSB. In the past during weather forecast segments, this station had been exclusively using WFSB's Doppler weather radar. Known as "Early Warning Pinpoint Doppler", this is based on top of a terminal building at Bradley International Airport in Windsor Locks, Connecticut. Live NOAA National Weather Service radar data from several regional sites is used interchangeably with WFSB's radar and branded on WSHM as "Pinpoint Doppler". 
CBS' O&O station in Boston, WBZ-TV, shares resources with WSHM for coverage of Eastern Massachusetts and this station does the same for western areas of the state. In addition, WSHM and WFSB will use each other's resources (such as reporters and live trucks) when covering major news stores that affect the region as a whole. Clear Channel Communications-owned radio stations WHYN-AM 560 and WHYN-FM 93.1 partner with WSHM for severe weather coverage and winter weather storm closings. There is no regular sports segment seen during its newscasts although there is a Sunday night sports highlight show that airs after its 11 p.m. news. Unlike most CBS affiliates, WSHM does not broadcast local newscasts in several day parts. This includes weekday mornings, midday during the week, in the 5 o'clock hour on weeknights, and early evenings on weekends.
News team.
Anchors
Reorters

</doc>
<doc id="2910881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910881" title="St Andrew's Presbyterian Church, Wingham">
St Andrew's Presbyterian Church, Wingham

St Andrew's Presbyterian Church, Wingham is the main centre of the Wingham and Upper Manning Parish in the Presbyterian Church of Australia. The other centre is St Thomas' Presbyterian Church, Krambach.
Location.
St Andrew's is located on triangular block formed by Moon Street, Gloucester Road, and Fotheringham Street in Wingham. St. Andrew's is towards the apex at the corner of Moon Street and Gloucester Road [http://www.google.com.au/maps?f=q&hl=en&geocode=&q=32+Moon+Street,+Wingham,+New+South+Wales&sll=-25.335448,135.745076&sspn=49.127494,79.101563&ie=UTF8&ll=-31.871052,152.368569&spn=0.011553,0.027466&z=16&layer=c&cbll=-31.871685,152.366269&panoid=UzBr2o_x2lLplYDQwqH1Vw]. The manse is located at the Fotheringham Street end of the block, but is not the home of the current minister.
Building.
The building dates is a yellow brick building from the 1970s and replaced the original wooden church built in 1856 in Canget Street, one block east of the Wingham Memorial Hall.
The site of the new church was donated to the parish many years before the new church was built for the purpose of providing a manse. The manse was built in 1898 and has since undergone several alterations.
Part of the funding for the new building was provided by a scheme subsidising the building of World War II memorials. There is a roll of honour in the porch.
The building itself includes a sanctuary with seating for 120 people, a vestry off to the right and the hall to the left. Inside the church an enclosed pulpit is located to the left of the congregations view, and a lectern on the right. Further right from the lectern is seating for a choir of 30. Directly behind the lectern is the baptismal font. In the centre between the font and the organ is the Communion Table and seating for the minister and 8 elders. Behind the pulpit is a large chair for the preacher and the new organ. The original organ was donated by the former minister Rev. Philip Lucock. At the very back of the church is a large stand on which flowers are placed and above that on the back wall is a large celtic cross.
Although the original plans included the Hall it was not expected that it would be built at the same time as the new church, but the parish decided that it could afford to do so. The original plans included only a small kitchen and did not include public facilities, which were added, but are located a long way from the body of the hall, and even further from the church itself.
Similar churches by the same architect are Port Macquarie Presbyterian Church, the Presbyterian Church at Rutherford, New South Wales, and a church at Leura in the Blue Mountains.
Parish.
The Wingham and Upper Manning Parish was established in 1883 by its division form the Taree and Lower Manning Parish. At the time the parish formerly included congregations at Ashlea, Bo Bo, Bobin, Callighan's Creek, Cedar Party Creek, Cooplacurripa, Cucumbark, Kauthi, Krambach, Killawarra, Kimbriki, Kilibakh Creek, Glen Lewis, Giro, Nowendoc, No. 1, Wherral Flat, and Woodside (near Mt George). In the mid-1990s a congregation at Comboyne joined the neighbouring parish of Wauchope.

</doc>
<doc id="2910896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910896" title="Armored Core (video game)">
Armored Core (video game)

Plot.
In the presumably distant future, the vast majority of Earth's population is wiped out by a cataclysmic war known as the Great Destruction. The harsh conditions that result force the few remaining survivors to live underground for fifty years, during which time corporations come to power. The two largest corporations, Chrome and Murakumo Millennium, constantly battle each other for supremacy, causing significant strife among the populace. However, the competition provides endless opportunities for the Ravens, mercenaries who exist independently of the corporations. You, the protagonist, pilot an armored core (AC), which is a giant mecha robot.
Gameplay.
The game starts with the player engaging in a test to become part of the "Raven's Nest". It simply involves destroying two Muscle Tracers (MTs), before being destroyed oneself. Upon passing this test, the player receives mission requests from corporations and other groups. Missions generally pay higher as difficulty increases. Depending on which missions are chosen, the story progresses differently. The player can also read mail from various senders, and observe the rankings, which are based on mission success rates.
One notable aspect regarding the parts, particularly weapons, in the original Armored Core and its two PS1 expansions is that they are by far the most powerful in the series. For example, the original KARASAWA fired faster than most AST Rifles and Pulse Rifles in later games. The FINGER had 3000 ammo, and the Large Missile came in two styles, one that flew like a regular missile (discontinued after Master of Arena), and the traditional slow (though roughly twice as fast as later versions such as those in Last Raven) version. The slow version had ten missiles as opposed to the current four, and was the longest range missile of the first generation.
Human Plus.
This version of Armored Core utilizes the "Human Plus" concept where humans were altered by Murakumo in order to make them more effective. Unlocking the ability required players to purposely lose missions until they had acquired a significant debt (-50,000 credits). The maximum number of plussings hovering around 9 times, the skills acquired range anywhere from gridded radar showing colored dots for elevation differences (or not even requiring a head that has built in radar) to being able to fire shoulder mounted cannons while in full bipedal motion. The more bizarre effects would be the ability to fire plasma bursts from the laser blade and having increased effective generator power.
Successfully becoming "Human Plus" takes the player back to the beginning of the storyline along with their current Armored Core unit as well as their full inventory of purchased AC components, and with one of the "Human Plus" upgrades.

</doc>
<doc id="2910903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910903" title="Enteric coating">
Enteric coating

An enteric coating is a polymer barrier applied on oral medication. This helps by protecting drugs from the pH (i.e. acidity) of the stomach.
Most enteric coatings work by presenting a surface that is stable at the highly acidic pH found in the stomach, but breaks down rapidly at a less acidic (relatively more basic) pH. For example, they will not dissolve in the acidic juices of the stomach (pH ~3), but they will in the alkaline (pH 7-9) environment present in the small intestine. Materials used for enteric coatings include fatty acids, waxes, shellac, plastics, and plant fibers.
Drugs that have an irritant effect on the stomach, such as aspirin, can be coated with a substance that will dissolve only in the small intestine. Likewise, certain groups of azoles (esomeprazole, omeprazole, pan and all grouped azoles) are acid-activated. For such types of drugs, enteric coating added to the formulation tends to avoid activation in the mouth and esophagus.
Recently, some companies have begun to utilize enteric coatings on fish oil (omega-3 fatty acids) supplements. The coating prevents the fish oil capsules from being digested in the stomach, which has been known to cause a fishy reflux (fish burps).
Sometimes the abbreviation "EC" is added beside the name of the drug to indicate that it has an enteric coating.

</doc>
<doc id="2910904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910904" title="Glade (brand)">
Glade (brand)

Glade is an S. C. Johnson & Son brand of household air fresheners that were first introduced in 1956. The family of products include: Aerosol Sprays, Candles, Car Scented Oil, Carpet & Room, Glass Scents, PlugIns, PlugIns Scented Oil, Press'n Fresh, Secrets, Scented Oil Candles, and Wisp. Glade is a worldwide brand, known variously around the world as Glade, Gleid, Brise (Germany and the Netherlands), etc. Brise was renamed in Glade in Germany and the Netherlands in 2012.
List of Glade products.
Plug-Ins Scented Oil.
The original concept for Plug-Ins came from a man named Frederick Gammon who invented it while working for Johnson & Johnson.
Holiday products.
In the Fall of 2005, Glade introduced candles inspired by artist Thomas Kinkade. Both candles had a different wintry scene printed on the jar and offered the choice of Vanilla, Apple cinnamon, or Pumpkin Pie scent.

</doc>
<doc id="2910912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910912" title="Syed Rasel">
Syed Rasel

Syed Rasel () (born 3 July 1984) is a Bangladeshi cricketer. He is a left-handed medium-fast swing bowler who came up through the ranks of the under-19s, to the Bangladesh A team, to the full Bangladesh team, while playing for Khulna Division.
Playing for Bangladesh A against Kent in August 2005, a 21-year-old Rasel took 7 for 50 in the first innings and finished the match with ten wickets. He was rewarded with a spot in the Bangladeshi squad for the tour of Sri Lanka the following month. He went on to make both his Test and ODI debuts on the island. Figures of 4 for 129 came in the second Test at Colombo.
Back home at Bogra in February 2006, Rasel took 2 for 28 to give Bangladesh their first ever ODI win over Sri Lanka.
Rasel's progress was halted when he damaged his foot in a motorbike accident but he recovered in time to take part in the 2006 Champions Trophy.
Despite not playing all but one game of their last ODI series before the World Cup, he made the squad for the Caribbean.
In the 3rd Test against Sri Lanka during the 2007 season he became the 700th Test victim of Muttiah Muralitharan.
At the start of November 2010, the BCB announced 16 central contracts. Rasel was one of six players in the third tier (grade B). He recently signed for Halstead Cricket Club.[http://www.halsteadgazette.co.uk/sport/8989226.Halstead_Cricket_Club_sign_international_bowler/] When the central contracts were next renewed, in April 2012, Rasel's contract was allowed to lapse.

</doc>
<doc id="2910914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910914" title="Ethics (Scientology)">
Ethics (Scientology)

According to the Church of Scientology, "ethics may be defined as the actions an individual takes on himself to ensure his continued survival across the dynamics. It is a personal thing. When one is ethical, it is something he does himself by his own choice." 
According to founder L. Ron Hubbard's teachings, Scientology ethics is predicated on the idea that there are degrees of ethical conduct.
Good and evil.
The Church's official position declares:
"The logic of Scientology ethics is inarguable and based upon two key concepts: good and evil", and goes on to state that "nothing is completely good, and to build anew often requires a degree of destruction" and "to appreciate what Scientology ethics is all about, it must be understood that good can be considered to be a constructive survival action".
Statistics.
In order to make these ethical decisions that affect others around them, Scientologists are expected to use statistical measurement to assess the "measurement of survival potential". Their official website states "with an understanding of how to compile, graph and compare statistics, the Scientologist is amply equipped to determine exactly what condition an activity is in, and thus exactly what steps he must take in order to better that condition." 
Hubbard stated that all Scientology organizations need to keep their statistics of production up, and that Ethics action must be brought against the staff member responsible for the particular statistic should it be continually down.
"Example: a typist gets out 500 letters in one week. That's a statistic. If the next week the typist gets out 600 letters that's an UP statistic. If the typist gets out 300 letters that's a DOWN statistic... the purpose is to keep production (statistics) up." 
- L. Ron Hubbard, HCOPL 1 Sep 1965
According to "The Scientology Handbook", the Scientology method of statistics can, and should, be applied to individuals, groups, organizations, and any production activities inside and outside Scientology. Hubbard prescribes a very specific method of plotting statistics on graphs, and then for analysis of these graphs in terms of five levels of "Ethics Conditions". The main categories for these conditions are:
According to the Scientology Handbook, however, the complete set of conditions is as follows (ranged from highest to lowest)[http://www.scientologyhandbook.org/SH10_2.HTM]:
Ethics protection.
In 1965, Hubbard issued the policy letter HCOPL 1 Sep 1965 (reissued 5 Oct 1985) entitled "Ethics Protection". In it, he states that "Ethics actions are often used to handle down individual statistics. A person who is not doing his job becomes an Ethics target" and goes on to detail how a Scientologist can protect himself from Ethics punishment by being more productive and keeping statistics up:
"In short, a staff member can get away with murder so long as his statistic is up and can't sneeze without a chop if it's down."
If the staff member's production is sufficiently high (as evidenced by an up statistic), the Scientologist gains an immunity to the Ethics process, even if they have openly committed violations:
"When people do start reporting a staff member with a high statistic, what you investigate is the person who turned in the report. In an ancient army a particularly brave deed was recognized by an award of the title of Kha-Khan. It was not a rank. The person remained what he was, BUT he was entitled to be forgiven the death penalty ten times in case in the future he did anything wrong. That was a Kha-Khan. That's what producing, high-statistic staff members are - Kha-Khans. They can get away with murder without a blink from Ethics... And Ethics must recognize a Kha-Khan when it sees one - and tear up the bad report chits on the person with a yawn." 
Punishment.
Researcher Jon Atack has expressed concern that, in the wrong hands, Scientology ethics can be wielded arbitrarily and absurdly, such as in the 1960s when British Saint Hill Scientologists declared a local pie shop "Suppressive" for not carrying apple pie in sufficient quantities to their liking.
Critical analysis.
Professor Stephen A. Kent quotes Hubbard as pronouncing that "the purpose of ethics is to remove counter intentions from the environment. And having accomplished that the purpose becomes to remove other intentionedness from the environment" and "ethics is for in actual fact is simply that additional tool necessary to make it possible to get [Scientology technology in. That's the whole purpose of ethics; to get technology in".
What this translates to, says Kent, is "a peculiar brand of morality that uniquely benefitted Church of Scientology ... In plain English, the purpose of Scientology ethics is to eliminate opponents, then eliminate people's interests in things other than Scientology. In this 'ethical' environment, Scientology would be able to impose its courses, philosophy, and 'justice system' — its so-called technology — onto society."

</doc>
<doc id="2910918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910918" title="Illnau-Effretikon">
Illnau-Effretikon

Illnau-Effretikon is a municipality in the district of Pfäffikon in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland. It includes the villages of Illnau, Effretikon, Ottikon and Bisikon.
History.
Illnau-Effretikon is first mentioned in 745 as "Illenavvia" and "Erpfratinchova". At first the name of the municipality was Illnau as that town used to be the political and economic center of the municipality. However, when the railway connection was built from Zurich to Winterthur in 1855, only the much smaller Effretikon was in a position to receive a railway station. Subsequently, the economic boom caused by the railway made Effretikon grow disproportionately until it had outgrown Illnau by the beginning of the 20th century. The name of the municipality was finally changed to Illnau-Effretikon in 1973.
Geography.
Illnau-Effretikon has an area of . Of this area, 52.1% is used for agricultural purposes, while 29.4% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 17.2% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (1.3%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains). housing and buildings made up 10.8% of the total area, while transportation infrastructure made up the rest (6.4%). Of the total unproductive area, water (streams and lakes) made up 0.4% of the area. 12.5% of the total municipal area was undergoing some type of construction.
The municipality is located in the mid-Kempt valley. It consists of the villages of Illnau, Effretikon (including Rikon), Ottikon and Bisikon as well as the hamlets of Agasul, Bietenholz, portions of Billikon, First, Horben, Kemleten, Luckhausen, portions of Mesikon and Oberkempttal.
Demographics.
Illnau-Effretikon has a population (as of ) of . , 20.9% of the population was made up of foreign nationals. the gender distribution of the population was 49% male and 51% female. Over the last 10 years the population has grown at a rate of 6.4%. Most of the population () speaks German (84.9%), with Italian being second most common ( 4.3%) and Albanian being third ( 2.1%).
In the 2007 election the most popular party was the SVP which received 38% of the vote. The next two most popular parties were the SPS (17.7%) and the FDP (10.8%).
The age distribution of the population () is children and teenagers (0–19 years old) make up 20.1% of the population, while adults (20–64 years old) make up 66.7% and seniors (over 64 years old) make up 13.2%. The entire Swiss population is generally well educated. In Illnau-Effretikon about 75.6% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule"). There are 6702 households in Illnau-Effretikon.
Illnau-Effretikon has an unemployment rate of 3.24%. , there were 293 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 73 businesses involved in this sector. 1610 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 156 businesses in this sector. 3148 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 488 businesses in this sector. 50% of the working population were employed full-time, and 50% were employed part-time.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Transportation.
The municipality of Illnau-Effretikon is served by two railway stations. Effretikon railway station is on the Zurich to Winterthur main line and is served by Zürich S-Bahn routes S2, S3, S7, S8 and S16. Illnau railway station is on the Effretikon to Hinwil line and is served only by the S3.

</doc>
<doc id="2910921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910921" title="Hana Asakura">
Hana Asakura

Overview.
Description.
In Hana's initial appearance, he is a six-year-old child with unruly blond hair and eyes that resemble his mother's. The name "Hana" means flower, which follows the theme of most members of the Asakura family being named after parts of a tree or plants. His name comes from the conjunction of the characters in Yoh (葉, also pronounced as "Ha") and Anna's (ナ, "Na") names.
Presumably, Hana was conceived shortly before or shortly after the Shaman Fight; it is suggested that he was conceived on the night before Yoh left for the Shaman Fight, when Yoh and Anna spent the night together. When the spirit of Yohken Asakura asks him whether he has any children, Yoh is too embarrassed to provide a straight answer, after which Amidamaru whispers something to Yohken, whose response suggests that Yoh and Anna slept together that night .Based on Shaman King: Flowers volume 2, Hana's birthdate is August 15, 2000. This manga also confirms that Yoh was 16 years old when he become a father.
As a child, Hana is commonly seen wearing orange jumper shorts and has a powerful kick, such that Ryu remarks that it is a definite indication that Hana is Anna's son. At age thirteen, Hana attends Shinra Private Academy and begins wearing the school uniform in a manner similar to Yoh's uniform, only with a black shirt beneath the open shirt instead of a bare upper body. Despite the fact that Hana's parents have been away, he did not grow up lonely like they did because he had the company of Tamao, Ryu, Redseb and Seyram Munzer, and the Hana-gumi.
Like his parents, Hana possesses shamanic powers and he carries the Futsu-no-Mitama sword that his father once used as a medium. Amidamaru remarks that the teenaged Hana possesses the suitable drive to become a shaman that Yoh lacked. Like Anna, he is impatient and decisive. His first meeting with Hao ironically mirrors Anna's own encounter, wherein Hana takes advantage of Hao's assumption that stopping his right foot is sufficient and immediately kicks Hao with his left foot.
Story.
Hana's first appearance in the "Shaman King" series occurs in volume 31, at the end of the short story "Funbari Poem: Mickey's World: The Bloom of Youth, part 2", which is the conclusion of the story of how Yoh's parents, Keiko and Mikihisa, first met. At the family shrine at Funbari Hot Springs, a child is seen from behind commenting on how his grandfather, Mikihisa, ended up in trouble because of an unsaid incident and how he would have liked to meet him. Ryu arrives at the end of the story, warning Hana that the boss of the inn has probably found Hana's test, but finds the room where the child was sitting in is empty.
In "Funbari no Uta", Hana is featured as a main character, working and travelling with Ryu to find the Five Legendary Warriors for a reunion for the grand opening at Funbari Hot Springs Inn. Hana reveals that they are travelling at the request of his "mother", who is revealed to be his legal guardian, Tamao Tamamura. He is unaware that Tamao is not his mother; Tamao has chosen not to tell him who his true parents are until they return and she debuts as an enka singer. Hana and Ryu's adventures include attempting to free Joco McDonnell from prison (during which their failed attempts land both of them briefly in jail) and travelling to the Chinese mountains to find Tao Ren, but end without Hana meeting any of the five warriors.
In the final chapter of the "Kang Zeng Bang" edition, Hana and Ryu await the arrival of the Five Warriors at the train station. Ryu notes Hana's anxiety, suggesting that the young boy is anxious about meeting his parents for the first time, though Hana denies it. He is impressed when he finally meets Joco, Lyserg Diethel, Tao Ren, and Horohoro, and surprised with how ordinary they seem. When he finally meets his parents, he welcomes them back by kicking Yoh in the stomach. During the party at the inn, Tamao scolds him for his behavior as he stubbornly refuses to apologize while his parents are praying at the family shrine. After the party, he is shocked and irritated to find everyone sleeping and lying around until his mother arrives and orders Yoh to read the "Shaman Fight in Tokyo 2000 Official Program" to prepare their future descendants for the next Shaman Fight.
Several years later, Hana appears as the main character of "Shaman King: Flowers", where he is thirteen years old. He resides at Funbari Hot Springs Inn, still under the custody of his foster mother Tamao, who runs the inn and proves to be a very powerful and intimidating shaman. With the Futsunomitama as his primary medium, his guardian ghost is his father's spirit, Amidamaru, and Hana is capable of forming an armour Oversoul. Despite his shamanic talents, he is frustrated that he is unable to use his abilities and is bored with school, frequently skipping class. When he runs out of the inn, he meets the current Shaman King Hao Asakura, who tells him something interesting will happen for him and disappears. Almost immediately afterward, a young girl resembling Anna appears, declaring herself as a disciple of Anna I, a senior itako to Hana's mother Anna Kyoyama, and the daughter of Patch Officiant Silva. Having come from Los Angeles to Tokyo, she challenges him to a fight in which he can marry her if he wins.

</doc>
<doc id="2910933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910933" title="Nobuhiko Kawamoto">
Nobuhiko Kawamoto

Biography.
After graduating from Tohoku University in 1963, he joined the Honda F1 team as a design engineer. After Honda pulled out of F1 after the 1968 season to focus on production vehicles, he returned to Japan and rose through the company's ranks. In this period, he helped design the front-wheeled 1972 Honda Civic, as well as the CVCC engine.
Eventually, he became head of Honda's Research and Design department. Under Kawamoto, Honda returned to motor racing, first with Formula 2 in 1981. The venture was a success, Ralt-Honda winning three consecutive Formula 2 titles between 1982 and 1984. Honda returned to Formula One in 1983, eventually winning titles with Williams and McLaren.
Honda's motor racing success propelled Kawamoto to the top of the company, replacing Tadashi Kume as CEO of Honda in 1990. Kawamoto came in during a tumultuous time for the company, facing product stagnation and an overreliance on sedans and sport coupes while Honda was unrepresented in the fast-growing sport utility vehicles and minivan segments.
Following the death of Soichiro Honda in 1991, Japanese media reported in 1992 and 1993 that Honda was at serious risk of an unwanted and hostile takeover by Mitsubishi Motors, who at the time was a larger automaker by volume and flush with profits from their successful Pajero and Diamante. 
Kawamoto acted quickly to change Honda's corporate culture, rushing through market-driven product development that resulted in recreational vehicles such as the Odyssey and the CR-V, and a decrease on vehicles that were popular with Honda's engineers but not with the buying public.
The most shocking change to Honda came when Kawamoto ended Honda's successful participation in Formula One after the 1992 season, citing costs in light of the takeover threat from Mitsubishi as well as creating a more environmentally friendly company image. As CEO, he reorganised the business into three areas (automobile, motocycle and power divisions). He also divided Honda's geographical focus into four areas: Japan, North America, Europe and Rest of the World, and granted each area more autonomy in sales and marketing, manufacturing and development. These changes paid off as Honda's profits grew from $540 million in Fiscal 1990 to $1.78 billion in Fiscal 1996, and North American sales jumped 9%.
Kawamoto also had a love of planes, from watching the Imperial Japanese Navy take off for bombing runs of China during World War II.
Kawamoto retired from Honda in 1998, replaced by Hiroyuki Yoshino. In December 1998, he was awarded a KBE for "valuable contributions to improving relations between Britain and Japan".

</doc>
<doc id="2910942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910942" title="Armored Core 2">
Armored Core 2

Armored Core 2 is a Mecha video game in the "Armored Core" series, and a launch title for the PlayStation 2 in North America.
"Armored Core 2" represents the first major graphical overhaul for the series; while the three PlayStation-era games used the same engine with few changes between entries, "Armored Core 2" featured a new engine built specifically for the PlayStation 2.
Storyline.
Sixty-seven years after the events , Earth's second largest corporation, Zio Matrix, acquires plans for a research project on Mars, dating back before the Great Destruction. Using these plans, Zio sends a research team to Mars to begin the Terraforming Project, which causes the Martian surface and atmosphere to approximate that of Earth. Other corporations learn of the project and quickly follow Zio Matrix, bringing with them the competitive environment that existed on Earth. Along with them, they bring the employ of the mercenaries of Nerves Concord.
As the three companies' war comes to a close, the most powerful, Zio Matrix, attempts a coup against the government, which has regained control through its elite mercenary team, The Frighteners, led by Leos Klein. But in the chaos that ensues, the Frightners turn on the government, assassinate the new leader of the LCC, and take control of powerful Disorder technology. Amongst the ashes and ruins of war, you must save the humans living on Mars—or possibly die trying.
Gameplay.
The player starts off with a basic armored core and is expected to complete a trial mission which consists of destroying several MTs. Completing the mission will register the player's character with Nerves Concord, a "mediation" firm. From that point on the player is relayed missions by their Nerves Concord manager and completing these missions will advance the game's storyline. The Arena from "" makes a return, allowing players to compete in matches against other Ravens in order to earn more credits and new AC parts. "Armored Core 2" was also the first game to introduce the Extension weapons, mounted to the AC's shoulder, and Inside parts, mounted in the core as bomb style weapons or decoys, as well as the addition of the Overboost Core, containing an auxiliary core booster which allows an Armored Core to move twice as fast as normal boosters would allow.
Reception.
On release, "Famitsu" magazine scored the game a 33 out of 40.

</doc>
<doc id="2910946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910946" title="Rats Saw God">
Rats Saw God

Rats Saw God is a young adult novel written by Rob Thomas, published in 1996. It follows the main character Steve York, the son of an astronaut. Steve is a high school student who has had issues with marijuana and has found himself in the counselor's office. The counselor tells him that he is flunking and if he wants to graduate he must write a 100-page paper about anything. Steve is reluctant to do so, at first, but eventually relents and begins the tale about the divorce of his parents, his prickly relationship with his father, and his first real relationship with a girl nicknamed Dub. Told in parallel timelines and bouncing back and forth from his senior year to his sophomore year, through writing the book Steve eventually comes to see his father as he'd never seen him before and understands that many of the things that he thought were true were completely wrong.
Structure.
The story takes place over the four years Steve is in high school. The narrative is interlaced between his senior year in San Diego, California and flashbacks to his freshman to junior years in Houston, Texas. The time described in Houston is supposedly the 100-page essay written by Steve as his extra English class necessary for graduation. To set off the different parts of the story Steve's time in Houston is presented in Gill Sans sans-serif typeface while his time in San Diego is shown in Industria.
Title.
The novel's title originates from a student group in the novel, the Grace Order of Dadaists, abbreviated to GOD, which used American Sign Language in their yearbook photo to spell out the phrase "Dog Was Star", which reverses to form the phrase "Rats Saw God". Author Thomas later created the television series "Veronica Mars" and called a season 2 episode "Rat Saw God" after the book. Steve's sophomore-year girlfriend Wanda Varner was later used as the name of a character on the series in the episode "Return of the Kane".
Awards.
An ALA Best Books for Young Adults (1997)

</doc>
<doc id="2910948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910948" title="Kate Silverton">
Kate Silverton

Kate Silverton (born 4 August 1970) is an English journalist, currently employed by the BBC. Generally a relief presenter for the BBC, Silverton can be seen regularly presenting the "BBC News at One", "BBC News at Six", "BBC News at Ten", and "BBC Weekend News", as well as making occasional appearances on the BBC News Channel and BBC World News.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Silverton was born in Waltham Abbey in Essex, England, the daughter of Terry Silverton, a black-cab driver turned registered hypnotherapist and Patricia Silverton, who now heads her daughter's company. Silverton has two sisters, Claire and Amy. Silverton attended West Hatch High School in Chigwell, Essex, where she was a junior swimming champion. She also competed in the triathlon. She was a Girl Guide and gained the Queen's Guide Award.
Silverton graduated from Durham University with a Bachelor of Science degree in Psychology, having previously studied Arabic and Middle Eastern history for a year. Silverton went to Zimbabwe with Raleigh International, spending her gap year working for them in Egypt and Lebanon.
Early career.
Silverton worked for a London-based bank before becoming a journalist. She trained with the BBC, working on "Look North" news before becoming a reporter and presenter at Tyne Tees Television.
She was a panellist on Five's "The Wright Stuff". She also featured on "The Heaven and Earth Show", "Big Strong Boys", and "Weekend Breakfast" on BBC Radio 5 Live, before joining BBC News.
In 2003, Silverton allegedly hit Rod Liddle, the former editor of BBC Radio 4's "Today" programme, during a pilot for a new political show. Liddle said: "I made a stupid comment about the disabled which Kate rightly took exception to."
BBC News.
From 2005 until December 2007, Silverton was a presenter on BBC News 24 and also a regular relief presenter for "BBC Breakfast".
In December 2007, Silverton was named as the presenter of the "BBC News (8 p.m. summary)" - a 90-second round up of the news shown on BBC One, which she presented for two months. She presented the "BBC News at One" from February to August 2008, whilst main presenter Sophie Raworth was on maternity leave.
In August 2010, BBC Scotland apologised to viewers after Silverton swore at the end of a news bulletin on live television. Viewers in Scotland were the only ones who heard the words. A spokesman for BBC Scotland said: "Kate thought she was off-air at the time. The microphones hadn't been faded down and the mistake only went out in Scotland."
In October 2011, Silverton took maternity leave and returned to the "News at One" in April 2012. Until May 2012, she was the deputy presenter of the BBC "News at One", presenting on Mondays and when main presenter Sophie Raworth was unavailable. Sian Williams later took over this role. Silverton returned to the deputy role in October 2013 to cover for Sian Williams' leave.
Other BBC projects.
On 1 April 2008, alongside the historian Dan Snow, she presented live coverage of the celebrations held at RAF Fairford for the 90th Birthday of the Royal Air Force. In 2008, Silverton joined the presenting team for "Big Cat Live" on BBC One. She co-presented coverage of "New Year Live" aboard HMS Belfast in London on 31 December 2008 on BBC One with Nick Knowles.
In April 2009, she appeared as a mentor in the BBC Two series "The Speaker", offering her advice on good storytelling and public speaking.
In May 2009, she presented a documentary called "10 Things You Need to Know About Sleep", which looked at different ways to deal with insomnia.
From 2010, she presented the Sunday morning show on BBC Radio 5 Live, running from 09:30 to 11:00.
In June 2012, Silverton interviewed Prince William, Duke of Cambridge, who called for a halt to the killing of rhinos for their horns in Africa.
Other opportunities.
In February 2008, Silverton revealed in an interview in "The Independent" newspaper that she had been offered a main presenter role for the relaunch of Five News in 2007 which she declined.
Philip Hayton incident.
In September 2005, Silverton drew media attention when her BBC News 24 co-newsreader Philip Hayton, who had worked for the BBC for 37 years, resigned his position six months into a year's contract, citing issues of "incompatibility" with Silverton. "The Daily Telegraph", without substantiation and quoting an unnamed 'insider', reported that Hayton turned to Silverton during a break and said "I don't like you".
"The Daily Mirror" quoted another BBC 'insider' as saying that Silverton is "...pushy beyond belief. Behind her big superficial smile she can be a really aggressive, manipulative monster who always gets what she wants." Hayton merely cited "incompatibility" with Silverton as his reason and when his managers refused to move Silverton to another time slot, he left. Silverton was in the peculiar position of having to go through the morning's paper review live on air the morning the story broke, avoiding any discussion of the story and chiding her new co-anchor when he looked to refer to it. Hayton said that he left the BBC "without bitterness or rancour".
However, several figures spoke up for Silverton. Jon Sopel, a fellow BBC News 24 presenter, who was Silverton's co-anchor at News 24 for several months, commented on the incident saying: "She's warm and friendly. With Kate, what you see is what you get - she's bright, lively, talented and vivacious. I like and trust her. Yes, she's ambitious... but aren't we all?"
Rod Liddle, who was allegedly hit by Silverton in 2003, nevertheless defended her former co-presenter. Liddle said: "Kate is intelligent, attractive and has strong opinions. She is far cleverer than Hayton. There are plenty of very stupid women at the BBC but she isn't one of them. Philip probably needs to work on an island where there are no women. She was absolutely lovely, good fun, professional, intelligent and devoid of the usual afflictions of TV presenters - narcissism and greed."
Personal life.
Silverton married Mike Heron, a former Royal Marine, at Fleet Street's St Bride's Church on Saturday 18 December 2010.
On 5 November 2011, Silverton gave birth to a baby girl named Clemency Florence Rose Heron at Queen Charlotte's Hospital, London. Her baby daughter was eventually conceived naturally, after four unsuccessful cycles of IVF. After losing an ovary during an operation to remove a cyst at the age of 29, Silverton had been told that she was unlikely to get pregnant naturally. She later described her pregnancy as a "miracle". 
On 25 January 2014, at the age of 43, Silverton announced that she is pregnant with her second child. She used her Twitter account to break the news, stating: "Mike and I are very happy to share that Clemency is set to become a big sister this summer." Their second child, a son Wilbur Silverton-Heron, was born on 26 June 2014. 
Silverton is 5 ft 10in tall. She has spoken of suffering from embarrassment when she was younger because of her big size nine feet.
Cosmetic surgery lawsuit.
In January 2008, Silverton sued a clinic after an allegedly botched cosmetic surgery procedure for treatment of acne scars. Silverton said that the procedure caused a severe skin reaction and she had to take two weeks off work after the treatment. The lawsuit filed for unspecified monetary damages.

</doc>
<doc id="2910950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910950" title="Armored Core 3">
Armored Core 3

Armored Core 3 is a mecha video game in the "Armored Core" series.
Description.
Storyline.
Set in a post-apocalyptic future, Armored Core 3 depicts a world where mankind has begun to live underneath the Earth's surface after a catastrophic global nuclear war broke out on the surface. The human beings who survived formed a subterranean society called "Layered". Layered is ruled by an artificial intelligence known as "The Controller", which dictates almost everything that happens in the world. The two major corporations, Mirage and Crest Industries, and a relatively more minor one, Kisaragi, all vie for dominance and control over the land and assets in Layered. However, not all is right with The Controller, and odd events are becoming more and more common. With the number and scope of these errors, some might even go so far as to suggest that the logic system is failing...
Setting.
Many players were confused with the nature of "Armored Core 3"'s storyline in relation to previous AC games. At the end of , the AC world appeared to be getting back on its feet after the conflicts of the subterranean era ("Armored Core", , ) and the Mars crisis ("Armored Core 2"). However, when "Armored Core 3" begins mankind is back in a subterranean city hiding from the effects of a catastrophic global nuclear war.
Two prominent theories have arisen to explain away this discrepancy. Either the game is set in the same world as the previous games and the world experienced a second "Great Destruction", or "Armored Core 3" reboots the series' storyline and starts all over again from a similar starting point as the original "Armored Core". The latter appears to be true.
Two different timelines were mentioned in the Armored Core 10 works complete file, one of which refers to original "Armored Core" and continues up to the end of "Armored Core 2: Another Age". 
The other timeline starts with "Armored Core 3", ending in "Armored Core: Last Raven". The roots of Armored Core 3 began with the humanity taking refuge in underground cities after a large scale disaster occurred on the planet's surface. Centuries after that great destruction, corporations such as Mirage and Crest were established. They paved the way for the development of the first MT prototype, the XMT-01, which soon led to the development of ACs and other MTs.
Gameplay.
Like "Armored Core" and "Armored Core 2", you are given a trial mission to see if you are talented enough to join the mercenary group dubbed Global Cortex. New features within Armored Core 3 include consorts (additional allies that can be obtained to assist you in a mission), detachable weapons (thereby lessening your total weight and increasing speed), and a new Core classification; Exceed Orbit (EO) which sacrifices the power of Overboost and allows you to deploy a built-in, autonomous weapon on your Core. This game has support for a USB Mouse.
Armored Core 3 Portable.
The game has been released on the PlayStation Portable in Japan on July 30, 2009 as Armored Core 3 Portable with new content. The game was released in North America on October 22, 2009.
Reception.
On release, "Famitsu" magazine scored the PlayStation 2 version of the game a 34 out of 40.
The PlayStation 2 version of "Armored Core 3" received mostly positive reception from American critics. IGN's review praised the game's somewhat easier difficulty compared to Armored Core 2, the relaxed restrictions on AC design, and the new weapons added to the game. They criticized the control scheme however, and rated the game 7.3 out of 10.
Gamespot praised the improved plot and varied environments featured in the story missions, but also criticized the lack of Dual Analog controls and the lack of improved graphics. They rated the game with a 7.5 out of 10.

</doc>
<doc id="2910952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910952" title="The Seventh Victim">
The Seventh Victim

The Seventh Victim is a 1943 horror and film noir starring Tom Conway, Jean Brooks, Isabel Jewell, Kim Hunter (in her first film), and Hugh Beaumont, directed by Mark Robson, and produced by Val Lewton for RKO Radio Pictures. The film focuses on a young woman who stumbles upon an underground cult of Satanists in Greenwich Village while searching for her missing sister.
Plot.
Mary (Kim Hunter), a young woman at Miss Highcliff's boarding school, learns that her sister Jacqueline (Brooks), her only relative, has gone missing and has not paid her tuition in months. The school officials tell Mary she can only stay on if she works for the school, to pay her tuition.
Mary decides to leave school to find her sister. She returns to New York City, and finds that her sister had sold her cosmetics business eight months earlier. She locates the apartment Jacqueline was renting, and finds only a chair and a noose hanging from the ceiling in the otherwise bare apartment. This only makes Mary more anxious and determined to find her. 
Her investigation leads her to Jacqueline's secret husband Gregory Ward (Hugh Beaumont), a failed poet (Erford Gage), and a mysterious psychiatrist, Dr. Judd (Tom Conway). Jacqueline had been Judd's patient, seeking treatment for depression stemming from her membership in a Satanic cult called the Palladists. She was seduced into joining the cult by her former co-workers. Mary enlists a private detective (Lou Lubin) to help in her investigation, but he is stabbed to death under mysterious circumstances. Dr. Judd helps her locate Jacqueline, who is hiding from the cult. Ward falls in love with Mary. Jacqueline is kidnapped by the cult members and condemned to death, because their rules state that anyone who reveals the cult must die. She would be the seventh person condemned under these rules since the founding of the cult (hence the film's title). 
The cult has rules against violence, and decides that Jacqueline, who is suicidal, should kill herself. When she refuses, the cult members let her leave, but send an assassin to follow her. She eludes him and returns to Mary's apartment, which is next to her own. She briefly encounters her neighbor (Elizabeth Russell), a young woman with a terminal illness. The neighbor says she’s afraid to die, but she is tired of being afraid and plans a last night out on the town. Jacqueline enters her own apartment and hangs herself. The thud of the chair falling over is heard, but the sick woman does not recognize the sound as she leaves for the evening.
Critical legacy.
"The Seventh Victim" has been praised for the shadowy camera work by Musuraca.
The film was initially criticized in reviews for having too many characters and a storyline that doesn't always make sense. (According to the film's DVD commentary, scenes containing additional story lines, some that may have made the film clearer, were cut before the film's release.) Most controversially, the film resolves with the suicide of one of the main characters (contrary to the spirit if not the letter of the Production Code), and is possibly the only Hollywood film score of the period to end in a minor key. The story goes that Lewton was warned not to make a film with a message, and he replied that this film "did" have a message: "Death is good." 
Purportedly, homosexual undercurrents run through the film, particularly in Jacqueline's character and her relationship with Frances; hence, the film was featured in Turner Classic Movies Channel's "Screened Out", which celebrated gay and lesbian themes in classic Hollywood cinema. If true this would be an extremely explicit film given the year it was released (1943).
Critic Jonathan Rosenbaum has cited this as his favorite horror film. It is the only horror movie on his list of 100 favorite movies.

</doc>
<doc id="2910953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910953" title="West Indian Test match records">
West Indian Test match records

This page outlines key records relating to the West Indies cricket team.
Highest Test innings total
Home 790–3 declared vs. Pakistan Kingston, 1957–58 
Away 692–8 declared vs. England The Oval, 1995
Lowest Test Innings total
Home 47 vs. England Kingston, 2003–04
Away 53 vs. Pakistan Faisalabad, 1986–87
Highest individual Test innings
Home 400* Brian Lara vs. England St. John's, 2003–04
Away 291 Viv Richards vs. England The Oval, 1976
Highest Wicket Stands
Best bowling in an innings
Home
9–95, Jack Noreiga, vs. India, Port of Spain, 1970–71
Away
8–92 Michael Holding, vs. England, The Oval, 1976
Best bowling in a match
Home
11–84 Curtly Ambrose, vs. England, Port of Spain, 1989–1990
Away
14–149 Michael Holding, vs. England, The Oval, 1976
Biggest win Innings and 336 runs, vs. India, Calcutta, 1958–59
Biggest defeat Innings and 237 runs, vs. England, The Oval, 1957

</doc>
<doc id="2910976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910976" title="Morrison Incident">
Morrison Incident

The of 1837 occurred when the American merchant ship, "Morrison" headed by Charles W. King, was driven away from "sakoku" (isolationist) Japan by cannon fire. This was carried out in accordance with the Japanese Edict to Repel Foreign Vessels of 1825.
History.
In addition to its commercial aims, the ship was attempting to repatriate seven shipwrecked Japanese citizens who had been picked up in Macau. It also carried Christian missionaries such as Samuel Wells Williams. 
The nature of the ship's mission became known one year after the event, and this resulted in increased criticism of the Edict.
Notes.
Among the Japanese castaways was Yamamoto Otokichi, who became known for his role in bridging the cultural gap between Japan and rest of the world.

</doc>
<doc id="2910977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910977" title="Efigênia dos Santos Lima Clemente">
Efigênia dos Santos Lima Clemente

Efigênia Mariquinhas dos Santos Lima Clemente is a member of the Pan-African Parliament from Angola, beginning in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="2910980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910980" title="Johnny Alegre">
Johnny Alegre

Juan Bautista H. Alegre (III) (born June 4, 1955), widely known as Johnny Alegre, is a jazz guitarist and composer from Manila, Philippines. He leads the jazz group, Johnny Alegre AFFINITY, as well as the world music group, HUMANFOLK. 
Biography.
Career.
Johnny Alegre attended the University of the Philippines College of Music in the latter 1970s, where he studied composition and was a founding member of the U.P. Jazz Ensemble. He studied with the jazz educator Dr. Joseph Howard and pianist Fred Robles, and participated in creative workshops by musicologist-composer Erhard Karkoschka, guitarist Ike Isaacs and composer-scholar Chou Wen-chung.
Alegre is a jazz journeyman whose involvement in bands and studio recording sessions, both as a musician and record producer, spans more than thirty years of Philippine jazz and popular music history and discography. In May 2002, Johnny Alegre formed Manila's premier jazz group, the Johnny Alegre AFFINITY, with bassist Colby de la Calzada, drummer Koko Bermejo, pianist Elhmir Saison and saxophonist Tots Tolentino. Their first recorded work, "Stones Of Intramuros", written by Alegre, was included in the limited edition Philippine jazz anthology CD, "Adobo Jazz Vol.1", which caught the attention of the U.K.-based jazz record company, Candid Records. Subsequently, the self-titled album, "Johnny Alegre AFFINITY" was released in the Philippines in mid-2005 and was re-released in England for global distribution as "Jazzhound", capped by two sold-out engagements in London's PizzaExpress Jazz Club with guest saxophonist, Dimitri Vassilakis.
As part of the ever-evolving cultural landscape in Asia-Pacific, Johnny Alegre’s musical projects contribute greatly to an emerging and vibrant jazz milieu. The greater part of 2006 and early 2007 engaged Alegre and AFFINITY before a large and ambitious work, "Eastern Skies", an album of original compositions, set to the symphonic backdrop of the Global Studio Orchestra conducted by Gerard Salonga. The project was released in 2008 by Candid Records (Philippines) as the long-awaited response to the clamor from fans for even more innovative music from the Manila jazz "superband".
In 2009, a breakthrough trio recording, in which the guitarist-composer is joined by world-renowned American jazz musicians, Billy Hart (drums) and Ron McClure (bass), was released by MCA Music (Universal Music Group), entitled "Johnny Alegre 3". The album also marked Alegre's induction into the MCA roster as its first jazz artist from the Philippines.
In 2008, Johnny Alegre recorded "Humanfolk", a suite of his world music compositions and the subsequent concept band he undertook with the New York based avant-garde percussionist, Susie Ibarra, together with her husband, drummer Roberto Juan Rodriguez, and Philippine-based musical artists Cynthia Alexander, Malek Lopez. In the ensuing months until 2010, Alegre wrote and recorded additional music for HUMANFOLK, most notably Para Sa Tao, the award-winning song he composed based on the Baybayin letters of the Pre-Hispanic Old Tagalog language. The collected eponymous undertaking was released by MCA Music in May, 2011.
Johnny Alegre is profiled in the book, ""The Great Jazz Guitarists: The Ultimate Guide"" (Published by Hal Leonard, April 23, 2013) by the prolific jazz historian, Scott Yanow. In early 2014, MCA Music released an album entitled "Stories", featuring highlights from Johnny Alegre’s seminal recordings with Candid Records. 
Awards.
Here are the list of awards received by Johnny Alegre
Affiliations.
Johnny Alegre is a member of FILSCAP, the Jazz Society of the Philippines and had served a term as a consultant of the Philippine International Jazz and Arts Festival. Other than his activities in jazz, world and Philippine music, Johnny Alegre is a member of Wikimedia Philippines, the national chapter of the Wikimedia Foundation in the Philippines. He became one of the Board of Trustees of the said chapter, starting from July 2014 to June 2016.

</doc>
<doc id="2910988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910988" title="1977 NBA Finals">
1977 NBA Finals

The 1977 NBA World Championship Series was the championship round of the 1976-77 NBA season. The Portland Trail Blazers of the Western Conference played against the Philadelphia 76ers of the Eastern Conference, with the 76ers holding home-court advantage. Their four regular season meetings had been split evenly, 2-2, with neither side winning away from home. The series was played under a best-of-seven format, so the first team to win four games would win the series and become the league champions.
The 1976-77 NBA season started with the ABA–NBA merger. Portland had benefited from the resulting ABA dispersal draft as they acquired Spirits of St. Louis power forward Maurice Lucas to partner with Bill Walton, and Philadelphia had signed ABA All-Star and 3-time ABA MVP Julius "Dr. J" Erving, who had taken the New York Nets to the ABA title the previous year. In the 1977 NBA Finals, five of the ten starting players were former ABA players. (Those five starters from the ABA were Julius Erving, Caldwell Jones, George McGinnis, Dave Twardzik and Maurice Lucas.)
While it was no surprise that Philadelphia had made it to the championship series, having posted the best record in the east (50-32, #1), Portland's appearance in the finals was a mild surprise. Portland, a team that was founded only seven years earlier, was not only making its playoff debut with its first winning season (49-33, #3), but it was also making its finals debut as well after sweeping the Los Angeles Lakers in four close games in the Western Conference Finals. 
The series quickly went 2-0 in favor of Philadelphia, but over the next four games, Portland mounted a comeback that has rarely been seen in professional sports.
Background.
The Portland Trail Blazers franchise entered the NBA as an expansion team in 1970, along with the Cleveland Cavaliers and the Buffalo Braves. Like all expansion teams, the Trail Blazers struggled, but in 1974, hope was along the way. 
Bill Walton was drafted first overall by the Trail Blazers in the 1974 NBA Draft. The Trail Blazers, though still missing the playoffs, continued to add key pieces, such as Dave Twardzik, Lloyd Neal, Lionel Hollins, and Maurice Lucas. In 1976, Jack Ramsay was hired as head coach, and with a healthy Walton, Portland made the playoffs for the first time in the 1976–77 season, winning 49 games. The 3rd seeded Blazers would defeat the Chicago Bulls in three games, the Denver Nuggets in six games, and then swept the top-seeded Los Angeles Lakers in the conference finals. 
The Philadelphia 76ers made it back to the playoffs in 1976, after missing the previous four years, which included a league-worst nine wins in the 1972–73 season. They acquired former ABA All-Star Julius Erving, late of the New York Nets, in the offseason. The 76ers won 50 games the next season, something they hadn't achieved since 1969. In the playoffs, they defeated the defending champion Boston Celtics in a tough seven-game series, and then advanced to the finals for the first time since by ousting the Houston Rockets in six games.
Regular season series.
Both teams split the four-game series, each won by the home team.
Series summary.
"Trail Blazers win series 4–2"
Game 1.
Game 1 started with a Dr. J windmill slam dunk off the opening tip, and never got much better for the Blazers, who committed 34 turnovers. Erving scored 33 points and Doug Collins had 30, as the 76ers won 107–101. Walton finished with 28 points and 20 rebounds.
Game 2.
Game 2 was an easy win for the 76ers at 107–89, who at one point scored 14 points in under 3 minutes. In the final 5 minutes, however, Philadelphia's Darryl Dawkins and Portland's Bob Gross both went up for a rebound and wrestled each other to the floor. Dawkins and Gross squared off and both benches cleared, including the coaches. In the middle of the fray, Maurice Lucas, in an act of team unity and in support of Gross, slapped Dawkins from behind and challenged him. Dawkins and Lucas were ejected, and Doug Collins needed four stitches after he caught a punch from Dawkins that had missed its target. Dawkins and Lucas were each fined $2,500. This brawl is commonly looked upon as the turning point in this series, as the Blazers unified and showed the Sixers that they wouldn't be humiliated.
Game 3.
The series moved to Portland for the next two games, and game 3 got underway following a few tense moments as Lucas approached the Philadelphia bench before the game and offered his hand in friendship to Dawkins and the 76ers. The Blazers offense took charge of the game, and posted a 42-point fourth quarter to win 129–107. The turning point came late in the third when Walton tipped in an alley-oop pass from Bob Gross over Darryl Dawkins, who knocked him to the floor. Dave Twardzik then stole the Sixers' ensuing inbounds pass and found Walton, who was back on his feet, for an alley-oop dunk. Lucas had 27 points and 12 rebounds, and Walton contributed 20 points, 18 rebounds, and 9 assists.
Game 4.
Philadelphia attempted to use George McGinnis and Caldwell Jones on the inside for Game 4, but Walton had other ideas, going on a shot-blocking frenzy. Portland quickly led the game by 17 points and never looked back, scoring 41 points in the third quarter and winning 130–98, the largest margin of victory in a game 4 in NBA history.
Game 5.
Game 5 returned to Philadelphia with the series tied 2–2. Philadelphia spent much of the first half fouling the Blazers, racking up 22 personal fouls and sending the half-time score into the 40s. The Blazers added another 40 points to their total in the third quarter, and with a little over 8 minutes left in the game, Portland led 91–69. Erving rallied his team late in the fourth, scoring 37 points himself, but ultimately lost 110–104. Portland set numerous rebounding records for its team, 59 (48 defensive, team record) in all which stood until 1985, 24 (20 defensive, another team record) of which belonged to Walton alone, whose team record still stands.
Game 6.
Portland, now leading the series 3–2, arrived back home for Game 6 in the middle of the night to a crowd of 5,000 fans waiting at the airport. With just 48 minutes separating the Blazers from their first championship, "Blazermania" had gripped the city. Philadelphia kept the game close throughout the first quarter, but were down by 15 at halftime after the Blazers netted 40 points in the second quarter. Erving tried in vain to force a game 7 for his team, scoring 40 points, but Bill Walton's 20 points, 23 rebounds, 7 assists and 8 blocks kept the game in Portland's hands, as Philadelphia's George McGinnis missed the game-tying jump shot with 4 seconds left sent for a heart-stopping 109–107 Portland win. The crowd stormed onto the court in a frenzy.
Bill Walton was named finals MVP and was called "an inspiration" by the defeated Julius Erving. Maurice Lucas later said of Walton's post-game thrown jersey that was sent into the rushing crowd of fans, "if I had caught the shirt, I would have eaten it. Bill's my hero."
Portland was awarded two trophies for winning the NBA Championship: The Walter A. Brown Trophy, which was kept by the winning team for only a year until the next NBA Finals; and a newly designed trophy later to be known as the Larry O'Brien Trophy which was now to be kept by the winning team with a new one produced at every NBA Finals since. The Walter A. Brown Trophy was retired shortly after this game.
Notes.
Game 6 of the Finals was originally scheduled to start at 10:30 local time on Sunday morning, because CBS wanted to accommodate a golf telecast of the Kemper Open (similar to 1976). Instead the NBA refused and CBS agreed to a noon start in Portland. Despite the fact that this was the Finals' clinching game, CBS cut away from their NBA coverage very quickly after the game ended, skipping the trophy presentation in the Portland locker room to instead televise the golf tournament.
The only known footage of the trophy presentation was of Blazers head coach Dr. Jack Ramsay voicing his opinion about Bill Walton's performance in the NBA Finals. 
Aftermath.
The Blazers won 58 games in the 1977-78 NBA season, but Bill Walton suffered the first of a series of devastating foot injuries late in the season and was lost for much of the year. Walton won the league's MVP, but the Blazers missed his leadership and savvy, losing in six games of the conference finals to the Seattle SuperSonics. The Sonics made the Finals the next two seasons, winning in 1979. The Blazers would not make the finals again until 1990. As for Walton, he forced to sit the 1978-79 season after his request for a trade was denied, citing unethical treatment of player injuries by the Blazers' front office. Walton signed with the Clippers the next season, but only made sporadic appearances for the next six years. His career would be revived in Boston, winning another championship in 1986 while winning the NBA Sixth Man of the Year. 
The 1977 Finals was the first of four appearances for Julius Erving. It wasn't until 1983 that the Sixers finally won it all, gradually surrounding the team with team-oriented players such as Moses Malone, Bobby Jones, Maurice Cheeks and Andrew Toney, plus key reserves Clint Richardson and Earl Cureton to replace Darryl Dawkins, Caldwell Jones, World B. Free and George McGinnis whose individual showmanship proved detrimental to team success. Dawkins and Jones were with the 76ers through their losses in the 1980 and 1982 NBA Finals, but traded to New Jersey and Houston, respectively following the latter series.
Lionel Hollins, who played with Portland during the 1977 Finals, played for the 76ers in the 1980 and 1982 championship series. He also appeared in the 1993 NBA Finals, this time as an assistant coach for the Phoenix Suns.

</doc>
<doc id="2910989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910989" title="Uintatheriidae">
Uintatheriidae

The Uintatheriidae is a family of extinct mammals that includes "Uintatherium". They belong to the order Dinocerata, one of several extinct orders of primitive mammals that are sometimes united in the Condylarthra.
Uintatheres were the largest land animals of their time, surviving from the late Paleocene into the Uintan Epoch of the Middle Eocene. They were heavy animals, with thick legs, massive bones, broad feet, and tiny brains. The most distinctive feature of the great majority of species, however, was the presence of multiple blunt "horns", perhaps similar to the ossicones of modern giraffes, and the presence of large, sabre-like canine teeth. They were eventually replaced as large browsing animals by the brontotheres.
Genera.
Family Uintatheriidae
Because the skulls of the species of "Gobiatherium" lack the diagnostic ossicones and fang-tusks of other uintatheres, the genus is sometimes placed within its own family, "Gobiatheriidae."

</doc>
<doc id="2910990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910990" title="Armored Core 4">
Armored Core 4

Armored Core 4 (アーマード・コア Āmādo Koa Fō) is a mech combat game, published by Sega for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 consoles. It is the 12th installment of From Software's "Armored Core" series and a reboot of the series after Armored Core 3. The game is set in the future where a great war has left the nations of Earth devastated and their respective governments taken over by corporations.
The game features a system for personalized customization of the player's mech and an online mode where players can battle each other over Xbox Live or the PlayStation Network.
Plot.
The world experienced a period of rapid population growth, which put a strain on global food and energy supplies. As populations increased, so did the gap between the wealthy and the poor, and so did the unrest within the population at large. Eventually, violence began to erupt and the governments quickly lost control of their populations as their cities were consumed by terrorism and anarchy. People began turning to corporations, complete with private armies, to keep them safe from the chaos.
In the midst of the meltdown, the world's six most powerful corporate conglomerates decided to do away with national governments and install their own brand of rule and law. They launched a full scale war on the nations of the world, which came to be known as the National Dismantlement War.
Using advanced Armored Core technology, the corporations decimated the forces of the nations and declared victory in less than a month. With the old nations of the world effectively toppled, the corporations set out to work on a new system of government.
The corporations dubbed their new order as the "Pax Economica" ("Economic Corporate Peace", Latin), a system where loyalty and service to the corporations guaranteed food and survival. Under the Pax, however, people were forced into corporate-run colonies and essentially became slaves serving wealthy corporate masters.
Around five years after the National Dismantlement War, long-standing tensions between the Pax Economica members erupted, and a new war began.
Synopsis.
The story details the adventures of Anatolia's Mercenary, to prevent the colony from collapsing to the will of the Corporations serves as a freelancer, began taking assignments from the six major powers and becoming a rising legend among the NEXT pilots and the corporations.
However when the corporations finally felt that Pax Economica can no longer be maintained quickly turned on one another, the Anatolian pilot fights to stop the perpetrators of the Lynx Conflict which included the Bernard Felix Foundation and Rayleonard. Both of them fell before the Mercenary when Omer Science decides to attack Anatolia with Joshua O'Brian and Celo, thwarting their attack and protecting the colony one last time both Fiona and the Mercenary leaves the colony. They will find the colony of Line Ark, a place where people once oppressed can live free from corporate oppression.
However, the scars of war can still be felt by the world as the Kojima particles plagued the earth and the only means of escape sealed away, such events would pave way .
Gameplay.
Gameplay in "Armored Core 4" is divided among several modes, where the player can build an Armored Core unit for combat and test its abilities in various areas, such as an assembly mode for customizing the machine, a simulation mode for testing out the machine, and various recording features for saving mecha configurations.
Introduction of new features.
"Armored Core 4" includes more new features than previous games in the series featured, although some of those found in previous AC games were removed. The lock box from the first AC game up to Last Raven was enlarged to nearly the size of the entire screen and its borders were made invisible. As a weapon's lock approaches the edge of the lock box, its tracking ability decreases (most clearly seen when using sniper weapons). ACs will now automatically lock on to enemies when in FCS range instead of waiting for the weapon to be in range. Lock box tracking is now second to melee ability in importance. Melee ability determines how fast a weapon's lock on reticule can track an opposing AC. A heavy weapon with low melee is likely to lose a lock on if a fast AC QBs to the side, while a high melee weapon will maintain its lock on.
The controls for the game have been reworked from the ground up to provide easier and more efficient play. Also, the environment is now affected by AC battles. For example, an AC moving on sand or on the ground will leave footprints, boosting leaves a trail. Some buildings and landmarks can be destroyed. Weapons also possess the ability to alter the playing environment. For example, shooting a plasmatic energy bolt at a building causes a small chunk to be removed. Continuous machine gun or assault rifle fire causes bullet holes to appear. Battlefields are now considerably larger, but relatively barren of details unlike previous AC games. The player can now fight on water, unlike past AC games where the player would fall straight to the bottom if contact was made (that is, the player was not given a chance to try to recover).
Other changes made from past AC games include increased weapon damage, the replacement of the heat and overheating game mechanics with Kojima Particles and Primal Armor shielding, the removal of Exceed Orbit cores, greatly increased AP, defense and load capacities, the removal of cannon restrictions on non tank legs, the extension of Hangars and Overboost to all core types, the separation of boosters into categories of main, side, back, and overboost, and ground boosting (and sometimes in the air) no longer consuming energy, but merely causing the energy bar to regenerate more slowly (Generator output no longer stops when boosting, so total drain is a function of output added to boost and weapon drain).
A quick boost (QB) function was also added which causes an instantaneous burst of speed. QB is the main method of movement in AC4, and has many analogies to boost movements in older games, such as the QB hop vs boost hop. New techniques include "second staging" and "chaining". Second Stage (or SS) QB can only be used when QB is mapped to a pressure-sensitive button, like the triggers on the 360 and PS3 controllers. Pulling the trigger at the correct and steady rate results in a more powerful QB that increases speed and acceleration for negligible drain penalties. Chaining is a move that overcomes the latency time between QBs, but this only works for the side QBs. If a player QBs to the left, the right side QB is activated. To cancel the latency time of the right side QB, the player must then QB to a direction that is not the opposite of the first one, for example after the said QB to the left the player must QB forward or backward. Overboost is relatively weak, and drains Kojima Particles (KP) when activated. This means that frequent use of OB may leave one's defenses greatly reduced. This led to OB being less popular than in previous games, such as Silent Line.
Reception.
"Armored Core 4" received generally mixed reviews. Numerous critics (such as "GameSpot" and "Eurogamer") scored the game significantly higher than the previous two "Armored Core" titles that were released for the PlayStation 2. The game received a 7.7 (out of 10) from GameSpot, 5.9 (out of 10) from IGN, 7.3 (out of 10) from Game Trailers, 4 (out of 10) from 1UP.com, 6.5 (out of 10)(with a second opinion of 6) from Game Informer, 6 (out of 10) from GameDaily, 8 (out of 10) from Eurogamer, and 6 (out of 10) from GamesRadar. It has average scores of 67.72% (PS3) and 65.53% (360) from GameRankings and 65% (for both versions) from Metacritic.
Tom Magrino of GameSpot praised the faster gameplay and commented that mech customization felt streamlined compared to previous entries, while still offering a considerable amount of depth for those who decided to dig deeper. Magrino also generally praised the new graphics, although he had reservations about the blandness of certain environments and clipping issues with mechs on hilly terrain. "GameSpot" concluded that the various changes and improvements made "Armored Core 4" more accessible to new players while still being an excellent game for returning players to the series.
Bryan Vore of Game Informer opened his review by stating the "biggest surprises" found in "Armored Core 4" are the multiplatform status of the title and the "next-gen graphical makeover". However, he felt that mech customization was still as inaccessible as it had been previously ("do we really need to worry about four separate booster classes?"), and that the online gameplay was disappointing. In his second opinion, Ben Reeves stated "I don't hate this game because it's really a collection of complicated, unintuitive menus, or that it has sparse next-gen graphics, or that the learning curve is steeper than the PS3's price...actually, it's all of these things." Both reviewers stated that they felt the game was more appropriate to be played by dedicated fans of the series.
Robert Workman of GameDaily felt that the faster pace of gameplay in missions was disappointing, commenting that battles that took "thirty to forty-five minutes in a previous Armored Core" now takes "just five to ten minutes". He also considered the multiplayer to be disappointing, with the maps being "too simple in design". His overall feeling was that it was "too user-friendly" and would be a turn-off to longtime fans.

</doc>
<doc id="2910991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2910991" title="Enamul Haque Jr">
Enamul Haque Jr

Enamul Haque (Bengali: এনামুল হক, born 5 December 1986) in Sylhet, known as Enamul Haque jr to distinguish him from Enamul Haque, who also played for Bangladesh, but was not related to him, is a Bangladeshi cricketer. He currently plays for his home team, Sylhet Division.
He is a right-handed batsman and bowls a slow left-arm delivery. His Test debut occurred against England in at Dhaka in 2003. In April 2004, the Bangladesh Cricket Board granted Enamul his first six-month rookie contract, with pay below that of senior national players.
Zimbabwe toured Bangladesh in January 2005 for two Tests and five ODIs. The touring Zimbabwe side had suffered due to player disputes which in 2004 had led to the country's temporary suspension from Test cricket. Of Zimbabwe's 16-man squad, only their captain had played more than nine Tests; Bangladesh were the more experienced team. In the first match, Bangladesh secured their maiden victory in Test cricket. Having not taken a wicket in Zimbabwe's first innings, Haque's haul of 6/45 in the second helped his team to victory and set the record for best bowling figures for Bangladesh in Tests. The second Test ended in a draw, giving Bangladesh their first series win. In one innings Haque took 7/95, beating his own record for best bowling figures for Bangladesh, and took 12/200 in the match, so that at the age of 18 years and 40 days he became the youngest bowler to take ten wickets in a Test, overtaking Pakistan's Wasim Akram.
During a match against Rajshahi Division in December 2005, Haque claimed his 100th first-class wicket when he dismissed Rafiqul Islam caught and bowled. Playing against Khulna Division in November 2007, Haque took his 200th first-class wicket when he had Imrul Kayes stumped.
Haque returned to the ODI side in 2009 after a gap of three years when he was selected in the squad to face Zimbabwe in three matches and a tri-series with Sri Lanka and Zimbabwe. He was selected in the absence of first-choice veteran spinner Abdur Razzak and because he had a good record against Zimbabwe. Zimbabwe toured Bangladesh in October for five ODIs. In the fourth match of the series, Haque recorded his best bowling figures in ODIs (3/16) and took his 50th wicket in list A cricket when he dismissed Elton Chigumbura caught and bowled. In December, Enamul was one of 13 players to be given a one-year central contract with the BCB. When the Board announced the new list of central contracts in November 2010, Enamul's was not renewed. Having gone four years without taking more than four wickets in an innings, Haque took two five-wicket hauls against Dhaka Metropolis in November 2011, to finish with match figures of 10/77, to help his team to victory. On 21 December 2011, he became the first Bangladeshi bowler to achieve his 300th First-Class wicket against Khulna Division with the bowling figures of 5/95.
The Bangladesh Cricket Board founded the six-team Bangladesh Premier League in 2012, a twenty20 tournament to be held in February that year. An auction was held for teams to buy players, and Haque was bought by the Chittagong Kings for $55,000. He took 13 wickets from 9 matches, and immediately after the tournament was selected in Bangladesh's ODI squad for the 2012 Asia Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="2911003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911003" title="OV language">
OV language

In linguistics, an OV language is a language in which the object comes before the verb. OV languages compose approximately forty-seven percent of documented languages.
For example, English would be considered a VO language while Japanese would be considered to be OV. A basic sentence demonstrating this would be as follows.
Some languages, such as Finnish, Hungarian, Russian, and Yiddish, use both OV and VO constructions, though in other instances, such as Early Middle English, some dialects may use VO and others OV. Those languages which contain both OV and VO construction may solidify into one or the other construction. A language which moves the verb or verb phrase more than the object will have surface VO word order, while a language which moves the object more than the verb or verb phrase will have surface OV word order.
Subsets.
Subject–object–verb
Object–subject–verb
Object–verb–subject

</doc>
<doc id="2911007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911007" title="Domingos Manuel Njinga">
Domingos Manuel Njinga

Domingo Manuel Njina is a member of the Pan-African Parliament from Angola, beginning in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="2911008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911008" title="Prabhavati Devi">
Prabhavati Devi

Prabhavati Devi (1906 — 1973) was at the forefront of freedom struggle in Bihar. She was born in a reputed family in Shrinagar now in Siwan district in Bihar to Brajkishore Prasad and Phool Devi. Brajkishore Prasad was himself an ardent Gandhian perhaps the first Congressman in Bihar who had given up a lucrative legal practise to devote himself to freedom struggle.She was married to Jayprakash Narayan in October 1920.
She was married to Jayaprakash Narayan who went off to the US to initially study science in California but studied Marxism in Wisconsin. She moved to Gandhi's ashram where she devoted herself completely to Kasturba Gandhi who started regarding her as her daughter. She also built up a very close relationship with Kamala Nehru and became her confidante. She also spent time in gaol on several occasions.
Kamala Nehru wrote several letters to her when she was having problems with the Nehru family.All the letters were returned to Indira Gandhi by her husband following her death but a few somehow found their way into the press after Jayaprakash Narayan's death which demonstrate the ill treatment she received at the hands of the Nehru family as she came from a less suave background.
When her husband returned, he was regarded a revolutionary and this led to several differences with her because of her Gandhian orientation. Nevertheless they respected each other and jointly decided not to have any children until the country was free from foreign yoke.
It was under her influence that her husband by now a cult figure in India joined the Sarvodaya movement and actively participated in peace overtures in the North East India and the Middle East. She established Mahila Charkha Samiti in Patna to involve deserted and abandoned women in the charkha or the spinning wheel movement on the Gandhian model.
The last few years were specially painful for her as she was found to be suffering from advanced cancer. On April 15, 1973, Prabhavati died of cancer, leaving Jayaprakash alone.

</doc>
<doc id="2911009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911009" title="Opoku Ware I">
Opoku Ware I

Katakyie Opoku Ware I (1700–1750) was an Oyoko king or Asantehene - the ruler of the Ashanti - in the now-disbanded Ashanti Confederacy which occupied parts of what is now Ghana. He is credited with being the "empire builder" of the Ashanti Confederacy.
He married and had two children named Adusei Atwenewa and Adusei Kra.
During his role as king, which lasted from 1720 (some even evidence that it could be as early as 1718, while leading the army against the Akyem) to his death in 1750, he fought some battles against Bono and defeated them by 1723. Later, between 1741 and 1744, King Opoku won fights against numerous groups. 
Discrepancies in sources imply he either died in 1742, or around 1750.
After his death, he was succeeded by Kusi Obodom.

</doc>
<doc id="2911012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911012" title="Digimon World 2">
Digimon World 2

Plot.
Akira lives in Digital City, a town located in fictional "Directory Continent", a land where digimon used to live peacefully. However, wild Digimon began attacking Akira's hometown, and Akira joins a guard team that is charged with protection peace and security of the region.
At the start of the game, Akira finishes his last Training Mission and joins one of the Guard Teams (the player has the option of choosing between the Black Sword Team, the Gold Hawks team, or the Blue Falcon team). He receives missions from the Team Leader, which involve entering Domains and hunting down evil Digimon.
Gameplay.
Because it is a dungeon crawler, Digimon World 2 has vastly different gameplay from its predecessor, Digimon World, which focused on raising Digimon like pets. The player explores vast labyrinths dubbed "Domains", inside a tank called a "Digi-Beetle" (Akira's Digi-Beetle has the default name of "Gunner", though like Akira himself, the player has the option of naming the vehicle, which can receive various upgrades throughout the game). These dungeons are filled with various things, including many types of traps including land mines, energy fields called "Electro-Spores", giant stones, acid floors, treasure chests, and most importantly, enemy Digimon.
Most traps can be disposed of by items that can be purchased at stores found across the game, and enemy Digimon can be befriended with "gift" items. However, the Digi-Beetle has a limited inventory, requiring careful management of items.
Typically, at the end of each Domain there is a Boss, whether it be a lone Digimon, or another Tamer with a team of them. After defeating the Boss, the player may exit the Domain by means of an "Exit Portal" found near the Boss' location.
Digivolving.
Digivolving is one of the game's most interesting and difficult parts to understand. Digivolving is the process in which a Digimon "evolves" into a new level. A Rookie Digimon will always Digivolve into a Champion level, a Champion level will always Digivolve into an Ultimate level, and an Ultimate level will (almost) always Digivolve to a Mega level (some Ultimates don't digivolve). However, a Digimon's Digivolultion is affected by how many Digivolving points it has.
Digivolving points.
DP is the most important factor of Digivolution. DP is gained by DNA-Digivolving your Digimon. Every time you DNA-Digivolve, extra DP is awarded, but care must be taken not to do this too often, as it may cause Digimon to not evolve. DP will cause Digimon to Digivolve into different forms. Sometimes, if a high DP number is reached, the player will obtain a rare and powerful Digimon.
What a digimon digivolves into is affected by its Digivolve Points. Players can only see a digimon's DP when visiting the Digivolve Lab and clicking on a particular digimon. A digimon's DP will increase by 1 from the digimon with the highest DP whenever you DNA Digivolve it. Players can increase DP by using DNA UpChip and decrease DP by using DNA DnChip..
Digivolution Formula.
To determine the maximum level a digimon can reach, one must use the formula x+(y/5). X being the level of the higher digimon and y being the level of the lower level digimon. Adding them merely refers to Dna digivolution. For example, the first digimon has a level of 18 and the second digimon has a level of 14. 18+(14/5) would be the formula which would make it 20.8, which would round to 20. (The level is always rounded down in this case.)
Damage Formula.
The damage formula used in the game is as follows: Floor(Floor(Type Bonus * Specialty Bonus * Attack Power * Tile Bonus) * Attack / Floor(Defense * Tile Bonus)) = Damage (Floor means to drop all decimal places). Type bonus is either 0.8, 1.0, or 1.2 based upon the Virus -> Data -> Vaccine triangle. (i.e. Virus attacks a Data, the bonus is 1.2) Specialty bonus can be 0.8, 1.0, or 1.2 and is the specialty of the skill vs. the specialty of the target digimon. (i.e. A Water move would be 1.2 against a Fire digimon). Attack Power is the attack power of the move. For example, Terra Force is 60, Bolt Strike is 10, and Energy Blast is 37.5. Tile Bonus can be 0.8, 1.0, or 1.2 and is the bonus applied to the specialty of the move. If you are on a Darkness tile and use Grisly Wing, it would become 1.2. The Attack is the attack stat of the attacking digimon. The Defense is the defense stat of the defending digimon. The Tile Bonus can be 0.8, 1.0, or 1.2 and is the bonus applied to the specialty of the digimon. If the defender has a Fire specialty and is on a Fire tile, the value becomes 1.2. 
Development.
"Digimon World 2" was announced in conjunction with "Digimon World" in May 1997, before either's release.
Reception.
The game was met with mixed reception.The game received a 4.0 from IGN, stating that, "The battles and dungeons have very lackluster graphics" and "essentially a dull dungeon crawl"

</doc>
<doc id="2911025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911025" title="Jerónimo Elavoko Wanga">
Jerónimo Elavoko Wanga

Jerónimo Elavoko Wanga is a member of the Pan-African Parliament from Angola, beginning in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="2911027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911027" title="White-throated toucan">
White-throated toucan

The White-throated Toucan ("Ramphastos tucanus") is a near-passerine bird found throughout the Amazon in south-eastern Colombia, eastern Ecuador, eastern Peru, northern Bolivia, southern and eastern Venezuela, northern and western Brazil, including the Amazon Basin's adjacent Tocantins-Araguaia River drainage, and the Guianas. It prefers tropical humid forest, but also occurs in woodland and locally in riverine forest within the Cerrado.
It was formerly considered to be two species, with the southern and western nominate subspecies, "R. t. tucanus", named the Red-billed Toucan, and the northern and eastern subspecies, "R. t. cuvieri", Cuvier's Toucan (when considered a species; "R. cuvieri, "Wagler, 1827). However, the two subspecies, which differ principally in the bill colour, interbreed freely wherever they meet and therefore merit only subspecies status. The subspecies "R. t. inca" from Bolivia is of questionable validity and may represent a stable hybrid population between "tucanus" and "culminatus".
Description.
Like other toucans, the White-throated Toucan is brightly marked and has a huge bill. It has a total length of 50–61 cm (20–24 in). Body weight is somewhat variable, ranging in adult birds from . The male averages slightly larger, at a mass of , while the female averages . Among standard measurements, the wing chord is , the bill is , the tail is , and the tarsus is . The only species of toucan that surpasses the White-throated in size is the Toco Toucan.
It has black plumage with a white throat and breast bordered below with a narrow red line. The rump is bright yellow and the crissum is red. The bare skin around the eye is blue. The bill has a yellow tip, upper ridge and base of the upper mandible, and the base of the lower mandible is blue. The rest of the bill is mainly black in "R. t. cuvieri" and mainly reddish-brown in "R. t. tucanus", with intergrades showing a mixed coloration. Males are larger and longer-billed than females, but otherwise the sexes are alike.
Juveniles are noticeably shorter-billed, more sooty-black, and have duller plumage.
The White-throated Toucan of the race "cuvieri" is virtually identical to the related Channel-billed Toucan of the race "culminatus", but the latter is smaller and has a proportionally shorter bill with a more strongly keeled culmen. The call is often the best distinction between the species. White-throated has a yelping "eeoo, hue hue", whereas Channel-billed has a croaking song.
Behaviour.
Small flocks or more commonly pairs of birds move through the forest with a heavy, rather weak, undulating flight, rarely flying more than 100 m (330 ft) at a time. This species is primarily an arboreal fruit-eater, but will also take insects, lizards, eggs, and small birds.
Breeding.
The 2–4 white eggs are laid in an unlined cavity high in a decayed section of a living tree, or in an old woodpecker nest in a dead tree.
Both sexes incubate the eggs for at 14–15 days, and the toucan chicks remain in the nest after hatching. They are blind and naked at birth, with short bills, and have specialised pads on their heels to protect them from the rough floor of the nest. They are fed by both parents, and fledge after about 6 weeks. The parents continue feeding the juveniles for several weeks after they have left the nest.

</doc>
<doc id="2911029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911029" title="Northern Bay Sands">
Northern Bay Sands

Northern Bay Sands is a popular beach and campgrounds in Northern Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. In 1775, a ship supposedly crashed off the coast of the beach due to the Great Hurricane of 1775. Throughout the 19th and early 20th century the beach was used as a site for gutting, cleaning and salting fish in the small-boat cod fishery. After Confederation, the beach became a provincial park.
Tourism at the park - which presently has upwards of 50 campsites - steadily increased over the next few decades. In 1997, a majority of provincial parks in Newfoundland and Labrador were privatized.
The beach is frequented by many tourists between Victoria Day weekend (May 24th) and Labour Day weekend in September. In the past there were music festivals, with a large one called The Beach Bash, that took place at least once a summer at the park. Presently, The Beach Bash and other festivals are no longer held and the stage where musicians performed for the festival has been removed. Coincidentally, the current owner and operator of the beach is Neal O'Leary, the independent Newfoundland musician who first started The Beach Bash.
Northern Bay Sands has two freshwater pools on the northern end of the beach and the majority of its campsites on the southern end. There are two bars, a laundromat, a café and a take-out restaurant within walking distance of the beach.

</doc>
<doc id="2911035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911035" title="Bel Air Presbyterian Church">
Bel Air Presbyterian Church

Bel Air Presbyterian Church is a Christian megachurch located in the Bel Air neighborhood of Los Angeles, California. The church is affiliated with the Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.) currently averages more than 3,000 in attendance each weekend.
History.
Since its founding in 1956, Bel Air Presbyterian has become one of the largest churches in Los Angeles. The church's motto is "Making Los Angeles the greatest city for Christ". The church is located at 16221 Mulholland Drive, on a hill overlooking the San Fernando Valley.
The original sanctuary organ was a four-manual, sixty-eight rank mechanical action pipe organ by Casavant. It was seriously damaged, mostly by water leakage, in the 1994 Northridge earthquake. It was later rebuilt as a pipe combination instrument with a digital console from Rodgers Instruments Corporation, in protest of which Casavant declared it to be "destroyed" and stricken from their register of surviving instruments. At the time of its re-dedication, it was one of the world’s largest digital/pipe combination organs in the world.
In 2007, the church completed a $12 million campus expansion program, "The Campaign for Bel Air: Phase I", which included the two story Education Building, Discipleship Center, and Administration Building, including staff offices with views overlooking the The Valley.
Former Senior Pastors include Rev. Dr. Louis H. Evans Jr., Rev. Dr. Mark Brewer, Rev. Dr. Michael H. Wenning, Rev. Paul Pierson, Rev. Dr. David G. McKechnie, and Dr. Donn D. Moomaw. Dr. Moomaw gave the invocation at President Ronald Reagan's first inauguration in 1981.
Present.
Bel Air Presbyterian Church is an active member of the Presbyterian Church (USA) (PCUSA) denomination, and has participated in vigorous debates among the mainline denomination, on issues of theology. The church is also a member of the Evangelical Willow Creek Association and the Fellowship of Presbyterians.
Dr. Drew Sams was called and officially elected as the church's Senior Pastor and Head of Staff on April 13, 2014. In June 2014, award-winning singer-songwriter recording artist Kendall Payne joined the staff as Director of Contemporary Worship.
Congregation.
Many members of Bel Air Presbyterian Church are involved in the entertainment industry, and many are prominent within the Westside L.A. community. Leonardo DiCaprio, Britney Spears and Dakota Fanning have all attended. In addition, many young adults attend the church's midweek young adults service, "The Foundry". Bel Air also has many young families from The Valley in its congregation. President Ronald Reagan and First Lady Nancy Reagan regularly attended the church after leaving office, and Mrs. Reagan still occasionally attends.
Every Easter Sunday, the church holds the largest worship service in Southern California at the famous Hollywood Bowl, with attendance exceeding 10,000.
In 2014, Bel Air Presbyterian Church partnered with Christian Assembly and Fellowship Monrovia for the event. 

</doc>
<doc id="2911041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911041" title="Abel Chivukuvuku">
Abel Chivukuvuku

Abel Apalanga Chivukuvuku (born November 11, 1957, in Luvemba, Huambo Province) served as the Chief of the National Union for the Total Independence of Angola (UNITA) Parliament in Angola from October 1998 to September 2000. He is a member of the Pan-African Parliament from Angola, beginning in 2004.
Margarida Chivukuvuku, wife of Pedro Chivukuvuku, gave birth to Abel in Luvemba, Angola in 1957. His parents enrolled him in Dondi Mission, Bela Vista elementary school and Huambo National Secondary School. He joined UNITA in 1974 and its armed wing, the Armed Forces of the Liberation of Angola, in 1976. Chivukuvuku became UNITA's representative to the rest of Africa in 1979. He later served as Angola's representative to Portugal and the United Kingdom. He returned to Angola and ran in the 1992 parliamentary elections. He sustained wounds in the ensuing Halloween Massacre. MPLA police arrested him, holding him until 1997. He did not take sides in UNITA's factional disputes in the 1990s and his fellow parliamentarians elected him Chief of UNITA's Parliament in October 1998. He served until September 2000.
In 2012, Chivukuvuku left UNITA and founded the Broad Convergence for the Salvation of Angola electoral alliance (CASA-CE) which became one of the main contenders at the Angolan legislative election, 2012, winning 6% of the votes.

</doc>
<doc id="2911045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911045" title="Maximilian of Lorch">
Maximilian of Lorch

Saint Maximilian of Lorch (died 12 October 288) was a missionary in the Roman province of Noricum. He was martyred in AD 288.
Maximilian was born in Celeia in the Roman province of Pannonia (in present-day Slovenia). As an adult he made a pilgrimage to Rome. Pope Sixtus II sent him to Lorch in the Roman province of Noricum, where he worked as a missionary during the latter half of the third century. He founded the church of Lorch. Maximilian was beheaded by the Roman Prefect of Emperor Numerian after refusing to abandon Christianity and sacrifice to the pagan gods. He is remembered on 12 October (and in some locations on 29 October).
His cult dates at least from the eighth century. In that century, Saint Rupert built a church in his honour at Bischofshofen in the Salzach valley, and brought his relics there. They were later transferred to Passau in 985.

</doc>
<doc id="2911049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911049" title="Robert J. Gaffney">
Robert J. Gaffney

Robert J. Gaffney (born 1944/1945) was the sixth County Executive of Suffolk County, New York. First elected in 1991, he served through 2003. He was president of Dowling College 2006 - 2010.
Born and educated in New York City, he received a Bachelor of Science degree in Business from Fordham University School of Business in 1965 and a J.D. from Fordham University School of Law in 1969. After working as a Special Agent with the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Gaffney moved to Suffolk County in 1973. There he practiced law, concentrating in the areas of real property, litigation, corporate and commercial law.
In 1984, Gaffney was elected to the New York State Assembly, representing the Fourth Assembly District. He served as the ranking Republican member of the Real Property Tax Committee and the Committee on Corrections, as well as the Assembly Standing Committees on Codes, Higher Education, Environmental Conservation and the Judiciary. He also co-chaired the Assembly Republican Task Force on Crime Victims' Rights.
During his three terms as Suffolk County Executive, Gaffney was President of the New York State Association of Counties (NYSAC) from 1994–1995 and President of the New York State County Executives Association from 1995-1996. He served on the New York Metropolitan Transportation Coordinating Committee from 1992-2003. As an adjunct professor at the State University of New York at Stony Brook, he taught "Public Policy and Administration" in the Graduate School of Political Science from 2000-2003.
In 2004 he was elected a Trustee of Dowling College. He became its fourth president on October 1, 2006. He has also served on the boards or committees of Central Suffolk Hospital and the Long Island Housing Partnership. In 2005, Gaffney was appointed by Governor George Pataki to the New York State.

</doc>
<doc id="2911050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911050" title="Computational Intelligence (journal)">
Computational Intelligence (journal)

Computational Intelligence is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on artificial intelligence. It was established in 1985 and is published by Wiley-Blackwell. Since 2009, the editors-in-chief have been Ali Ghorbani and Evangelos Milios.

</doc>
<doc id="2911052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911052" title="Nafees Iqbal">
Nafees Iqbal

Mohammad Nafees Iqbal Khan () (born January 31, 1985, in Chittagong), better known as Nafees Iqbal, is a Bangladeshi cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman, and a right-arm medium pace bowler. As a young boy, he attended the English medium school, Maple Leaf International, in Dhaka, Bangladesh. 
He is the nephew of former Bangladesh captain Akram Khan and elder brother of Tamim Iqbal. After scoring a hundred for Bangladesh A against the touring England team in 2003–04, he was disparaging toward the England bowling which he faced, dismissing their spinners as "ordinary". His comments drew more press attention than his batting.
His only Test century came in January 2005, one which aided Bangladesh towards their first ever series victory, 1–0 against Zimbabwe.

</doc>
<doc id="2911054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911054" title="Abdul Hamid Lahori">
Abdul Hamid Lahori

Abdul Hamid Lahori (died 1654) was a traveller and historian during the period of Shah Jahan who later became a court historian of Shah Jahan. He wrote the book "Padshahnama" also referred as "Badshahnama", about the reign of Shah Jahan. He has described Shah Jahan's life and activities during the first twenty years of his reign in this book in great detail.
Biography.
Not much is known about the biographical details about Abdul Hamid Lahori, except from "Amai-i Salih" of Muhammad Salih, another court writer, who mentions his date of death to be 1065 A.H. (1654 AD).
In his own preface to the text, Lahori mentions that he called from his retirement in Patna to write official history as the Emperor wanted someone who could emulate the style of "Akbarnama" of Abul Fazl which he too greatly admired. Lahori could only finish the first two sections, from 1037/1627 to 1047/1637 and 1047/1637 to 1057/1647, thus the final section was completed by one of his pupils.
Abdul Hamid Lahori calls the glass pieces of the Shish Mahal of the Agra Fort as glass pieces "shishye halabi" because Haleb was the original name of Aleppo (Syria) which was the main centre for manufacturing these glasses.
He was a good scholar. He also had good knowledge of science and astronomy. Abdul Hamid was called Lahori because he was from Lahore, Punjab in modern Pakistan.
Lahori also wrote about the Shalimar Gardens in detail.
External links.
The English translation of the complete Padshahnama by Dr. Hamid Afaq Siddiqi has recently been published in two volumes by Idarah-i Adabiyat-i Delli (Delhi, 2011).

</doc>
<doc id="2911058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911058" title="SCORE! Educational Centers">
SCORE! Educational Centers

SCORE! Educational Centers (commonly SCORE!), was owned by Kaplan, Inc., which is a subsidiary of Graham Holdings Company, and was a United States provider of customized supplementary education and one-on-three tutoring services for children in kindergarten through ninth grade. SCORE! offered materials in multiple subjects, including reading, mathematics, language arts, and writing. In 2009, all SCORE! centers were closed or converted to Kaplan centers.
At its height, SCORE! had over 165 centers in twelve states, including California, Colorado, Connecticut, Georgia, Illinois, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, Texas, and Virginia, and also in the District of Columbia, and in Israel.
Positive reinforcement.
SCORE! employed methods of positive reinforcement to help students set and achieve academic goals. After ten-minute computer lessons, called "learning workouts", students obtained SCORE! cards, small magnetic squares emblazoned with the SCORE! logo, which were earned for scoring over 70% on a lesson or making basketball shots. Students saved these cards at home or redeemed them for prizes (balls, Disneyland tickets, etc.). Because students spent most of their time at the computer, basketball shots broke up the lessons and allowed students to let out active energy. Shots were awarded for doing well on lessons or completing a full hour of lessons. The SCORE! coaches also awarded students with high fives. With help from their SCORE! coaches, students set long-term goals in an academic subject, measured against national curriculum standards. Students tracked their long-term progress on the "SCORE! Mountain" located in the learning center—a "goal program that rewards completion, helping students to set and pursue academic goals: students attained bronze, silver, gold, and even 'top of the mountain' goals when they completed a certain number of sessions, advancing them up a wooden mountain to the summit." Positive reinforcement was a strong part of the corporate culture, as documented in Harvard Business School Case Studies in 1999 and 2000.
Personalization in educational software.
By developing a retail business model to deliver educational software for a monthly fee, SCORE! made available to individual consumers access to a large personalization software system that was originated by Stanford professors, Patrick Suppes and Richard C. Atkinson, and was previously only available to select schools and the Education Program for Gifted Youth. In 1963, IBM had established a partnership with Stanford University's Institute for Mathematical Studies in the Social Sciences (IMSSS), directed by Suppes, to develop the first comprehensive CAI elementary school curriculum which was implemented on a large scale in schools in both California and Mississippi. In 1967 Computer Curriculum Corporation (CCC, now Pearson Education Technologies) was formed to market to schools the materials developed through the IBM partnership. As a student worked on the CCC software, the system learned the user’s strengths and weaknesses and created customized lessons based on criterion-referenced testing that produced on a personalized profile for each student. The instructional design, based on automated personalization, was considered innovative in the early 1990s, compared to the traditional classroom model of instruction where students would cover educational material together at the same pace. Based on computer-generated progress reports that CCC measured against national curriculum standards, typical students at SCORE! who worked for six months, or forty computer-hours, increased the equivalent of approximately two years in a classroom in math or reading.
History.
Startup years: 1992-1996.
Company founder, Alan Tripp, a graduate of Stanford University, opened the first SCORE! Educational Center in Palo Alto, California, in November 1992, and hired the company's first two Directors, Kai Drekmeier and Ingrid Stabb, who helped Tripp further develop the SCORE! concept and company culture throughout the startup years. In the summer of 1993, Stabb opened the second center in Menlo Park, California, established profitability for the first time for the SCORE! center business model, and addressed customer attrition issues in the model by developing SCORE! Mountain.", the company's first long-term customer loyalty program for the students with a reporting system for their parents. Drekmeier opened the third center in Los Altos, California, beginning a period of rapid growth for the company. SCORE!'s early success was attributed to personalized educational software provided by Computer Curriculum Corporation (CCC), the corporate culture fueled by energetic SCORE! coaches, and the loyalty business model. Glenn Tripp, Alan Tripp's brother, joined the company and opened the sixth center, in San Jose, California in 1994. Glen Tripp soon joined the executive management team and helped lead the company to further successes and operational efficiencies. Other professionals who played early leading roles in shaping the start-up company in 1993 and 1994 included (in alphabetical order) Ben Besley, James Cleveland, Gail Derecho, Allison Don, Sarah Hainstock, David Hannigan, Rich Kelly, Thomas Layton, Elizabeth Phythian, and Ann Smith.
After 1995, the company expanded its cadre of center directors and SCORE! coaches and grew to 19 centers serving thousands of students throughout California. With a chain of prime retail locations secured, the firm sought to increase revenue per center by investing in two new services: SCORE! Learning Adventures and Personal Academic Tutoring. In 1996 CCC decided not to sign an exclusive licensing agreement with SCORE! and instead awarded licensing to Kaplan. This limited SCORE!'s ability to expand, as the initial deal only allowed Alan Tripp to expand to eight more centers. In order to bypass this limit, on 17 April 1996, Kaplan acquired SCORE! in a deal worth less than $10 million USD. In 1999, Tripp went on to found another educational services business, InsideTrack focused on coaching college students.
A decade of national expansion: 1997-2006.
Once owned by Kaplan, Inc., the company expanded to over 165 locations in eleven states at its height. The division moved its headquarters from San Francisco, CA to Jack London Square.
By 2005, the learning centers had helped more than 250,000 students since it first opened its doors in Palo Alto, CA. 
By 2006, the centers served 82,000 students per year. The division headquarters moved again to Chicago, IL.
Later developments: 2007 to present.
In 2007 Kaplan and SCORE! released SCORE! Mountain Challenge Workbook Series and interactive companion. 
The same year, likely due to continued weak results in revenue, Kaplan made the decision to close 75 Score! centers, nearly half of the total 160 centers as of the end of 2007, eliminating entirely the regions in San Diego, Orange County, Texas, and Georgia among other centers in the remaining regions. The closures were focused primarily on centers that solely offered only one of Score!'s programs (either the Advantage Program or the Personal Academic Tutoring program.) The company restructuring resulted in certain management and terminating certain employees from closed centers. The remaining centers offered both programs to increase revenue opportunities. As of January, 2008, Score! operated 80 centers in eight states.
SCORE! closes all operations June 2009.
Score revenues declined 41% in the first quarter of 2009, and operating losses at Score increased from $3.7 million in the first quarter of 2008 to $17.6 million in the first quarter of 2009, inclusive of restructuring charges. At the end of March 2009, the Washington Post Company approved a plan to offer tutoring services, previously provided at Score, in Kaplan test prep centers. In conjunction with this plan, 14 existing Score centers will be converted into Kaplan test prep centers and the remaining 64 Score centers will be closed. The plan is expected to be substantially completed by the end of the second quarter of 2009. Washington Post recorded $11.5 million in asset write-downs, severance and accelerated depreciation of fixed assets in the first quarter of 2009, including a $9.2 million write-down on Score’s software product. Additional operating losses of approximately $19.2 million are expected to be recorded during the remainder of 2009; these estimated losses are related to the wind-down period of the 64 Score centers to be closed, including $15.0 million related to lease obligations, severance and accelerated depreciation of fixed assets. 

</doc>
<doc id="2911059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911059" title="Natasha Desborough">
Natasha Desborough

Natasha Desborough (born June 21, 1974, Wimbledon, London) is a radio presenter, author, DJ, and radio and television producer. Her debut book, "Parental Advisory Manual", was published in October 2009.
She attended Reigate College, Reigate, Surrey, UK from 1990 to 1993. 
Biography.
She started her music career as Programme Controller for Crystal Palace F.C.'s own radio station, Palace Radio 1278AM, where she was responsible for producing, scripting and coordinating the station's programming. From there she moved to Invicta FM, in Kent.
She then moved to the alternative music station in 2003, Xfm London where she fronted the late night "Chill Out Room" before moving onto then the "Breakfast Session" alongside celebrity guests such as Iain Lee from . During her time there, she also co-presented the Sunday morning show, writing and co-presenting with Perrier Award nominated comedian Jimmy Carr.
Natasha is also a radio producer, having produced all her own shows on XFM. 
Natasha left BBC 6 Music on Sunday September 28, 2008 and was replaced on weekend breakfast by Iyare Igiehon.
TV Appearances.
Her appearances on TV have included 
She has narrated "Army Wives" for Channel 4, "California Escorts" and "Real Sex" for Five. She has been a "voice of" in campaigns for the BBC, Hit 40 UK, HMV, Sony, MTV, Doc Martens, Tampax, and Cadbury's.

</doc>
<doc id="2911074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911074" title="Rotaliida">
Rotaliida

The Rotallida is an order in the Kingdom Protista, phylum or class Foraminifera characterized by multilocular tests (shells) composed of bilammelar per­forate hyaline lamellar calcite that may be optically radial or granular. Where Foraminifera is a phylum, the Class Rotalidia is equivalent to the order. 
In form rotaliid tests are typically enrolled but maybe reduced to biserial or uniserial or may be encrusting with proliferated chambers. Chambers may be simple or subdivided by secondary partitions; surface smooth, papillate. costate, striate or cancellate; aperture sim­ple or with internal toothplate, entosolenian tube or hemicylindrical structure; may have internal canal or stolen systems' 
Rotaliids are primarily oceanic benthos, although some are common in shallower estuarine waters. They also include many important fossils, such as the nummulitids. 
Taxonomy.
The Rotaliida are now divided into the following superfamilies. 
Acervulinoidea 
Annulopatellinoidea 
Asterigerinoidea 
Chilostomelloidea 
Discorboidea 
Discorbinelloidea 
Glabratelloidea 
Nonionoidea 
Nummulitoidea 
Orbitoidoidea † 
Planorbulinoidea 
Rotalioidea 
Siphoninoidea 

</doc>
<doc id="2911076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911076" title="Rotaliacea">
Rotaliacea

The Rotaliacea, ("sensu" Sen Gupta, 1999) is a superfamily of mostly benthic Protista included in the foraminiferal order, Rotaliida.
References.
r

</doc>
<doc id="2911081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911081" title="Touch Too Much">
Touch Too Much

"Touch Too Much" is the fourth track on AC/DC's 1979 album "Highway to Hell", their last with lead vocalist Bon Scott, who died the following year.
The cover of the single in many territories was released with the band photograph reversed, incorrectly showing the Youngs and bassist Cliff Williams as playing left-handed.
The music video was live rehearsal performance from If You Want Blood Tour 1978-1979, along with "Walk All Over You" on the Family Jewels DVD compilation.
A song with the same name can be found on "Volts", part of their "Bonfire" box set, released in 1997.
The song is featured in the video games ' and '.

</doc>
<doc id="2911085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911085" title="Kaichū type submarine">
Kaichū type submarine

The submarines were double-hulled medium sized submarines of the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II. They were derived from the . 
Several variants existed. From 1934 to 1944, the K6 type ("Ro-33" Class) and the K7 type (Senchū, "Ro-35" Class) were built. They were equipped with a 3.0 inch (76.2 mm) gun and four 53 cm torpedo tubes for ten Type 95 Long Lance torpedoes. 
Most of these submarines were destroyed in combat, suffering from Allied anti-submarine warfare measures, and only the "Ro-50" survived the war.
Class variants.
The "Kaichū"s were divided into seven types; Kaichū I - VII
"Kaichū I (Ro-11 class)".
Project number S7. In 1910s, the Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN) bought a license of Schneider-Laubeuf design submarine. The IJN used the design as model and built the "S Type (Schneider Type)" submarine, the "Ha-9" and "Ha-10". The "Kaichū I" is the submarine which jumboized the "S Type" submarines.
"Kaichū II (Ro-13 class)".
Project number S18. The "Kaichū II" had an increased range compared with the "Kaichū I", and the turning torpedo tubes were removed.
"Kaichū III (Ro-16 class)".
Project number S18. Their project number was the same as in the "Kaichū II" type submarine, however their performance was improved.
"Kaichū IV (Ro-26 class)".
Project number S18A. Improved model from the "Kaichū III" type. 
"Kaichū V (Toku-Chū, Ro-29 class)".
Project number S18B. They were built for economic-warfare role. The IJN official designation of these boats was .
"Kaichū VI (Ro-33 class)".
Project number S30. They were planned as a prototype for a mass production submarines in the wartime under the Maru 1 Programme.
"Kaichū VII (Sen-Chū, Ro-35 class)".
Project number S44. The final design in the "Kaichū" series. They were equipped with a Freon air-conditioner, because the IJN took into consideration that they were to be active on the equator area too. The official IJN designation of these boats was or .
The IJN planned to build these boats under the following Naval Armaments Supplement Programmes:
However some of the boats were cancelled and their naval budgets, materials and staffs were transferred to the "I-201" class submarines.

</doc>
<doc id="2911088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911088" title="Ashish Bagai">
Ashish Bagai

Ashish Bagai (born 26 January 1982) is the captain of the Canadian cricket team. He is a right-handed batsman who specialises as a wicketkeeper. He studied at St. Columba's School during his brief stay in Delhi, India. He moved to Canada at the age of 11.
His first taste of cricket came in the inaugural Under-15s Cricket World Cup in 1996, in which he was voted the tournament's best wicketkeeper. He had the highest batting average in the Under-19s World Cup in January – February 2000. Going to the 2002 Under-19s World Cup, his batting was invaluable, securing a tie with Bangladesh.
He has since become a mainstay of the Canadian cricket team. He has played 52 One Day Internationals, more than any other Canadian player. Indeed, he has played every Canadian ODI since he made his debut in the 2003 World Cup against Bangladesh. The only Canadian ODIs he has not played in were the three that took place before he was born.
Despite his ever-present position in the Canadian ODI team, he missed the 2005 ICC Trophy, though he did play the 2001 tournament, the highlight of which was an innings that took the Canadians to victory over the UAE after spending a night in hospital due to being hit in the face when keeping.
He holds the Canadian record for highest ODI score after his unbeaten 137 in a losing cause against Scotland. He added 100 runs for 4th wicket with Asif Mulla which was the first ever century stand for Canada in an ODI.
Bagai captained the Canadian team during the 2011 Cricket World Cup and made 64* against Kenya of 97 balls as Canada won their first match of the tournament. This was the second World Cup win Canada had registered. Against New Zealand in the following ODI he scored 84 of 87 balls and he shared a 100+ partnership with Jimmy Hansra, Hansra eventually made 70*. However Canada lost by 70 runs as New Zealand managed to score 358 in the first innings.
Step down as Captain.
On 30 May 2011 Bagai announced that he officially stepped down as Canada's Captain stating:
"It has been an honour to captain my country in the sport I love and I thank everyone in this organization who helped and supported me throughout my term including administrators, coaches, managers and most of all, the players,"

</doc>
<doc id="2911095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911095" title="Sinitic languages">
Sinitic languages

The Sinitic languages, often synonymous with the Chinese languages, are a language family frequently postulated as one of two primary branches of Sino-Tibetan. The Bai languages may be Sinitic (classification is difficult); otherwise Sinitic is equivalent to the Chinese languages, and often used in opposition to "Chinese dialects" to convey the idea that these are distinct languages rather than dialects of a single language.
Languages.
Assuming Bai is Sinitic, it diverged at approximately the time of Old Chinese, perhaps before. By the time of Middle Chinese, the Min languages had also split off. An evidence is that all Chinese languages can be fit into the structure of Qieyun except Min. Languages traceable to Middle Chinese include Mandarin, Wu, Hakka, and Yue. As more comparative work is done, additional "dialects" are found to be mutually unintelligible with their parent language; the latest to be separated out as languages were Huizhou, Jin, Pinghua, and Qiongwen, though the remaining Wu and Yue varieties are not all mutually intelligible, or have very limited intelligibility. Some varieties remain unclassified within Chinese.

</doc>
<doc id="2911098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911098" title="Nicky Chinn">
Nicky Chinn

Nicholas Barry "Nicky" Chinn (born 16 May 1945, London, England) is an English songwriter and record producer. Together with Mike Chapman he had a long string of hit singles in the UK and US in the 1970s and early 1980s, including several international number-one records. The duo wrote hits for Suzi Quatro, Mud, Sweet, New World, Arrows, Racey, Smokie, Tina Turner, Huey Lewis and the News and Toni Basil.
Career.
Chinn was born to an affluent London Jewish family, that owned a string of service stations and car sales distributorships. As a young man his talent for writing successful pop songs was obvious and within a month or two of his first efforts as a songwriter, Chinn co-wrote with Mike d'Abo the two main songs for the hit film, "There's a Girl in My Soup" (1970).
It was at this point that Chinn joined the Australian-born Mike Chapman, who was a waiter at a night club Chinn frequented, and they decided to team up. Chapman was already a professional musician and songwriter with the band Tangerine Peel, and the two quickly joined up with Mickie Most's RAK label. They began writing songs for a new glam rock band, Sweet, and their compositions accounted for all the singles the band released in their early years.
Chinn's and Chapman's songwriting style was so successful with British and worldwide audiences, that Sweet had an uninterrupted string of million-selling hits in the next few years. These included "Co-Co", "Little Willy", "Wig-Wam Bam", "Blockbuster!" "Ballroom Blitz", "Hell Raiser" and "Teenage Rampage". " Ballroom Blitz" entered the UK Singles Chart at number two – an unusual feat in those days. "Little Willy" and "Ballroom Blitz" both went on to be top five hits in America.
Chinn and Chapman stopped working with Sweet in 1975 but achieved equal success worldwide with Suzi Quatro, for whom they wrote many hits including "Can the Can", "48 Crash" and "Devil Gate Drive", both No.1 records. Chinn and Chapman found their next big success with Mud who had hits with a number of their compositions between 1973 and 1975, including two number ones in "Tiger Feet" and "Lonely This Christmas". Smokie became Chinn and Chapman's next project and they had a number of hit singles with them between 1975 and 1978 including the worldwide hit "Living Next Door to Alice".
In 1978, the two scored their first number one in the United States with Exile's "Kiss You All Over", and Suzi Quatro and Chris Norman reached number four in the same year with their duet "Stumblin' In". In 1982 "Mickey" by Toni Basil gave the two their second American number one, and in the mid 1980s they had top ten hits with Tina Turner's "Better Be Good To Me", and Huey Lewis's "Heart and Soul".
Chinn and Chapman gradually separated during the early 1980s, finally splitting up in 1983. Chinn's twelve year stint with Chapman had made him co-writer of over fifty Top 40 hits. In 1983 he co-wrote "Dancing in the Dark", a UK hit for Kim Wilde.
During their careers they were recipients of three Ivor Novello Awards for songwriting, including the Jimmy Kennedy award for outstanding career achievement in 1997.
During the late 1980s and throughout the 1990s, Nicky Chinn suffered from ill health causing an enforced break in his career. He returned in 2004 and started working with various writers including Jorgen Elofsson, and they wrote "You Must Have Had a Broken Heart" for Westlife's 2006 album "Back Home", which went to number one in the UK Albums Chart selling over a million copies.
Chinn now spends time in Nashville, Tennessee, working with many writers there. He co-wrote "Live Like There's No Tomorrow" recorded by Selena Gomez for her 2010 album, "A Year Without Rain", which debuted at number 4 on the Billboard Top 200 albums chart. The song was also featured in her Disney movie "Ramona and Beezus". Also while in Nashville he co-wrote "A Beautiful Life", which was recorded by Donny and Marie Osmond for their 2010 album, "Donny & Marie".

</doc>
<doc id="2911099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911099" title="Edict to Repel Foreign Vessels">
Edict to Repel Foreign Vessels

The was a law passed by the Tokugawa Shogunate in 1825 to the effect that all foreign vessels should be driven away from Japanese waters.
An example of the law being put into practice was the "Morrison" Incident of 1837, in which a merchant ship bearing Japanese citizens was fired upon.
The law was repealed in 1842.

</doc>
<doc id="2911102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911102" title="Unlimited company">
Unlimited company

An unlimited company or private unlimited company is a hybrid company (corporation) incorporated either with or without a share capital (and similar to its limited company counterpart) but where the legal liability of the members or shareholders is not limited - that is, its members or shareholders have a joint, several and non-limited obligation to meet any insufficiency in the assets of the company to enable settlement of any outstanding financial liability in the event of the company's formal liquidation. The joint, several and non-limited liability of the members or shareholders of the company to meet any insufficiency in the assets of the company (to settle its outstanding liabilities if any exist) only applies upon the formal liquidation of the company. Therefore, prior to any such formal liquidation of the company, any creditors or security holders of the company may only have recourse to the assets of the company and not to those of its members or shareholders.
Until such event occurs (formal liquidation) - an unlimited company is similar with its counterpart the limited company where its members or shareholders have no direct liability to the creditors or security holders of the company during its normal course of business or existence.
Unlimited companies are found in the United Kingdom, Ireland, Hong Kong, Pakistan, Nigeria, India, Australia, New Zealand and other jurisdictions where the company law is derived from English law. They can also be found in Germany, France, Macao, Czech Republic and in two jurisdictions in Canada—Alberta and Nova Scotia—where they are called unlimited liability corporations. In the United Kingdom they are formed or incorporated by registration under the Companies Act 2006.
An unlimited company has the benefit and status of incorporation same as its limited company counterpart. Situations where an unlimited company will be preferred to an alternative business model or its limited company counterpart include:
Once formed or incorporated, an unlimited company can in some jurisdictions also re-register and designate itself to limited company status at any time with few formalities, the same also extends to a limited company which may at any time re-register and designate itself to an unlimited company status.
Notable unlimited companies.
The unlimited company is a not too common or perhaps well known or promoted form of company incorporation (due to the narrow focus of generic company formation registration agents) and is not always required under company law to add or state the word Unlimited or its abbreviations (Unltd., or Ultd.) at the ending of its legal company name, making it not easily recognizable without first reviewing its "certificate of incorporation" or government registry status. Notable examples in the United Kingdom include:
Other notable global trading companies such as Mobil Producing Nigeria Unlimited (a subsidiary of Exxon Mobil) and Texaco Overseas (Nigeria) Petroleum Company Unlimited (part of the merged Chevron and Texaco petroleum conglomerates) exist in Nigeria, amongst others. In the USA, another notable example is the American Express Company, which once was a publicly traded unlimited liability company, re-incorporating itself to a limited liability company status only in 1965.
In Ireland, local subsidiaries of a number of American companies have registered as unlimited companies to shield their finances from public view. Janssen Pharmaceutical, a subsidiary of its US parent company Johnson & Johnson re-registered as an unlimited company to avoid the requirement to file annual financial accounts at the Companies Registration Office (CRO) Ireland, thereby effectively also protecting a portion of Johnson & Johnson's financial information. Apple Computer's Irish division did the same.
Specific Countries.
United States.
In the United States, a similar "unlimited" entity exists in the form of a joint-stock company (JSC). This type of joint stock association exists in New York and Texas, among other states. The JSC exists in Texas under the Texas Joint-Stock Company / Revocable Living Trust model, which would present the following differences from a general partnership:
Despite the fact that shareholders are severably liable for the company's liabilities (as with general partnerships), Texas Joint-Stock Companies have frequently been inappropriately promoted in asset protection schemes as "alternatives" to limited partnerships and LLCs.

</doc>
<doc id="2911105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911105" title="Shahad">
Shahad

Shahad is a town in Thane district in Maharashtra state in India. It is located 60 km from Mumbai.
The term "Shahad" is derived from Urdu word "Shah Had" "Shah" related to Mughals and "Had" means Border, it means Border of Shah's. Kalyan was developed under Mughal empire. In Kalyan you can find mosoleum of many caretakers of Kalyan deployed by Mughals. 
Once "Shahad" comprised a large area which included 
"Mothe Shahad" (Birla college & Milind nagar)
"Shahad Gaothan Koliwada" (Birla Madir)
"Dhakate shahad"
"Shahad" is home to communities of fishing colonies which are known as "Shahad Koliwada"
Shahad is home to large industrial complexes, such as the one owned by Century Rayon which was built by the Birla family. This area typically classified as a "developing area." Shahad is located close to Kalyan, Vithalwadi, Ulhasnagar, Mohone, Ambivli, Titwala, Vasind and Murbad. Waldhuni River flows through shahad. 
NH222 Mumbai-Nanded-Adlilabad flies over Shahad Railway Station. Shahad Railway Station splits Shahad into two - a) Shahad East, which belongs to Ulhasnagaer Municipal Corporation (Ulhasnagar Sector 1) and Shahad West, which belongs to Kalyan-Dombivali Municipal Corporation. .
There is a large market of "marble" in shahad west area. Hotel "sapna", "Balaji lodging and Boarding", 'Patidar Bhavan" marriage Hall and "Patel low price super market" are the famous one in shahad west area. Now many residential complexes are being building up in west area. Birla college is also near from shahad railway station
In June 2005 a severe flood occurred in this area.
Reaching Shahad.
Shahad railway station is on the Central Line of the Mumbai Suburban Railway. You can also reach Shahad from Kalyan station via autorickshaw. Shahad is developing very fast from being a village to urban town. Century Colony, Camps Corner, Shri Krishna Hsg. Society and Happy Home Hsg. Society Ltd in Shahad ( West) are the best residential societies in Shahad. 
Birla Mandir located in Shahad is known to attract tourists from all over Mumbai. Portions of famous films such as Suhaag, Prem granth, Tere Naam were shot in this temple.
"Dhakate Shahad" also has temple of god "Hanuman". It host the most famous Gita Parayan week in December, where lakhs of devotee come to hear the "kirtan" performed by very respected and famous kirtankars from alandi, pandharpur and various parts of maahrashtra.
GOAL MAIDAN on the east side of sahad station (comes under ulhasnagar-1) is another popular area.Surya Gas Agency, Kala Palace and Dunichand kalani college of B.ed D.ed are famous spots near shahad railway station.

</doc>
<doc id="2911107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911107" title="Gaythorne, Queensland">
Gaythorne, Queensland

Gaythorne is a suburb of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. It is located seven kilometres north-west of the Brisbane central business district. Gaythorne is situated on the slopes of Enoggera Hill. It shares some streets with the neighbouring suburb of Mitchelton. In the late 1990s it was split from Enoggera, a much larger suburb and a suburb it still shares its postcode with. It is a leafy, residential suburb with the dominant architectural style being "Queenslander" architecture. It adjoins the Enoggera Barracks and many of its streets are named after World War I sites.
Public transport facilities includes Gaythorne Railway Station on the Ferny Grove - City line.
Demographics.
In the 2011 Census the population of Gaythorne is 2,655, 51.6% female and 48.4% male.
The median/average age of the Gaythorne population is 31 years of age, 6 years below the Australian average.
80.2% of people living in Gaythorne were born in Australia. The other top responses for country of birth were England 2.4%, New Zealand 2.2%, India 1.5%, Nepal 0.6%, Philippines 0.5%.
88.2% of people speak English as their first language 1% Cantonese, 0.8% Mandarin, 0.7% Spanish, 0.6% Punjabi, 0.6% Nepali.

</doc>
<doc id="2911110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911110" title="Marrara Stadium">
Marrara Stadium

Marrara Stadium (also known as "Football Park" and currently as TIO Stadium due to naming rights) is a sports ground in Darwin, Northern Territory, Australia. The ground was built in 1991 and Australian rules football and Cricket are primarily played at the venue. This includes Northern Territory Football League matches, pre-season Australian Football League matches, and also two AFL Premiership match each year. The record crowd of 17,500 was set in 2003 for an AFL pre-season practice match between the Aboriginal All-Stars and Carlton Football Club which the All-Stars won.
The Sydney Roosters played host against the North Queensland Cowboys in Round 7 of the 2012 NRL season. This was the first time Darwin hosted a professional Rugby League game since 1995. 
The stadium hosted two cricket Tests in 2003 with Australia against Bangladesh and 2004 against Sri Lanka, as well as a total of four one day internationals against Bangladesh in 2003 and 2008. The current total capacity is around 15,000 including 5,000 seats.
Since 2010 both Melbourne and the Western Bulldogs have hosted a single 'home' game each year at the stadium, except for 2011 when Richmond hosted a game rather than the Western Bulldogs. Between 2004 and 2008 a single Western Bulldogs 'home' game was the only AFL season game played at the ground. Port Adelaide also had had a three-year deal with the Northern Territory government and Marrara Stadium, in which Port would play two 'away' games at TIO Stadium each year between 2009 and 2012.
TIO Stadium has hosted AC/DC for their "Ballbreaker" tour in November 1996, when 13,000 fans and 170 tonnes of equipment packed the ground.
Sir Elton John performed for the first time in the Northern Territory, at TIO Stadium on the 17 May 2008 as part of the his Australian Tour.
Attendance records.
Top 10 Sports Attendance Records
"Last updated on the 1st of January 2012"

</doc>
<doc id="2911128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911128" title="Xie Shengwu">
Xie Shengwu

Xie Shengwu, (Chinese: 谢绳武; November 22, 1943 -) is a physicist and former President of Shanghai Jiao Tong University.
Xie was born in Shaoxing, Zhejiang Province. From 1960 to 1966, he studied in the department of engineering physics at SJTU, majoring in nuclear reactors. From 1966 to 1970, he was a teaching assistant in the physics teaching office at SJTU. Xie later became a teaching assistant and vice director of the laser research lab. From 1978 to 1981, he studied optics in the department of applied physics at SJTU and obtained a master's degree. From 1981 to 1991, Xie was elevated to a full professor of physics, and later served as the chair of the physics department. From 1991, he served as the vice president of SJTU and a member of the University's CPC standing committee. He became the dean of the graduate school and a doctor's supervisor in 1994. 
From July 1997, Xie served as the president of SJTU until his retirement on November 27, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="2911130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911130" title="Peter Radtke">
Peter Radtke

Doctor Peter Radtke (born 1943) is a German actor and playwright who is the author of many scientific publications on disability issues and has a PhD in Romance languages. As a small boy his parents and a sympathetic doctor allowed him to escape a Nazi euthanasia program. From 1957 to 1961 Peter Radtke completed training as an interpreter of English, French, and Spanish at a private foreign language school in Regensburg. In 1963 he studied at the University of Pennsylvania and acquired a "Certificate into American Culture and Civilization." Afterwards he studied at Regensburg and Geneva. He would then go on to write an autobiography and appear in three films starting in 1995 with "My Mother's Courage". He did drama and theater work before that. In 2003 he was appointed as a member of the national ethics advisory committee by resolution of the Federal Cabinet. Dr. Radtke received a service medal from Bavaria on 17 July 2003. He has osteogenesis imperfecta.

</doc>
<doc id="2911134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911134" title="EFTA Court">
EFTA Court

The Court of Justice of the European Free Trade Association States (more commonly known as the EFTA Court) is a supranational judicial body responsible for the three EFTA members who are also members of the European Economic Area (EEA): Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway.
As members of the EEA, the three countries have access to the internal market of the European Union. Consequently they are subject to a number of European laws. Enforcement of these laws would normally be carried out by the European Court of Justice (ECJ), however there were legal difficulties in giving Union institutions powers over non-members so the EFTA Court was set up to perform this role instead of the ECJ.
Since September 1995, the Court has consisted of three judges and six ad-hoc judges. They are nominated by the three members and appointed by their Governments collectively through common accord.
General remarks.
According to Article 108(2) of the EEA Agreement of 2 May 1992, the EFTA States taking part in the EEA Agreement shall establish a court of justice. That obligation was complied with by the conclusion of the "Surveillance and Court Agreement", cf. Art. 27. The EFTA Court was originally designed for the then seven EFTA States Austria, Finland, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway, Sweden and Switzerland. On 1 January 1994, upon the entry into force of the EEA Agreement, the EFTA Court took up its functions with five judges nominated by Austria, Finland, Iceland, Norway and Sweden. Switzerland was unable to ratify the EEA Agreement due to a negative referendum. Liechtenstein postponed membership until 1 May 1995. In 1995, Austria, Finland and Sweden left EFTA and joined the EU. Since September 1995, the EFTA Court has consisted of three judges and six "ad hoc" judges nominated by the three actual EEA/EFTA States Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway and appointed by their Governments through common accord.
When the EEA Agreement entered into force on 1 January 1994, the seat of the Court was the old EFTA capital Geneva. After the accession of Austria, Finland and Sweden to the European Union, it was decided to move the Court's seat to Luxembourg, where the European Court of Justice and the General Court are located. On 1 September 1996, the EFTA Court moved to Luxembourg.
Organization.
The EFTA Court has essentially been modeled on the template of the European Court of Justice. The main difference is that it has no Advocates General. The EFTA Court consists of 3 regular judges. Each EEA/EFTA State has the right to nominate one candidate for judgeship. The Judges are appointed by common accord of the governments of the EEA/EFTA States for a renewable term of six years. They are chosen from persons whose independence is beyond doubt and who possess the qualifications required for appointment to the highest judicial offices in their respective countries or who are jurisconsults of recognized competence. One of the six "ad hoc" judge is called upon to sit if a regular judge is prevented from participating in a case due to bias or illness. Each judge has his or her cabinet which consists of the judge, a legal secretary and an administrative assistant.
President.
The judges elect one of their colleagues to be President of the Court for a term of three years. The President may be re-elected. He or she directs the judicial business and the administration of the Court. The President assigns the cases to a judge to act as a rapporteur. He or she sets the dates and timetable for the sessions of the Court, presides at hearings and deliberations. The President is competent to take decisions on requests for the application of interim measures. Presidents of the EFTA Court include:
Registry.
The Court appoints a Registrar for a period of three years, after which he or she may be reappointed. The Registrar assists the Court in procedural matters, and he or she is the head of personnel. He or she is responsible for the Registry as well as for the receipt, transmission and custody of documents and pleadings. The Registrar is also responsible for the Court's archives and publications, for the administration of the Court, its financial management and its accounts. The Registrar supports the judges in their official and representative functions. The operation of the Court is in the hands of officials and other servants who are responsible to the Registrar under the authority of the President. The Court administers its own infrastructure and its own budget.
Jurisdiction.
The EFTA Court’s Statute and its Rules of Procedure are modeled on those of the European Court of Justice. Individuals and economic operators have broad access to the Court. The EFTA Court is in particular competent to decide on:
The homogeneity goal.
The EEA is based in a two pillar structure, the EU constituting one pillar and the three participating EFTA States the other. In substance, the EEA Agreement has extended the EU single market to the participating EFTA States. EEA law is therefore largely identical to EU law. In order to secure a level playing field for individuals and economic operators in both pillars, special homogeneity provisions have been laid down in the EEA Agreement and in the Surveillance and Court Agreement. Under these rules, the EFTA Court shall follow the relevant case law of the ECJ on provisions of Union law that are identical in substance to provisions of EEA law rendered prior to the date of signature of the EEA Agreement (2 May 1992) and shall pay due account to the principles laid down by the European Court of Justice's relevant case law rendered after that date. The EFTA Court’s jurisprudence is in fact based on the case law of the European Court of Justice (ECJ). The politically important distinction between old and new ECJ case law has largely been qualified in practice. The EFTA Court also refers to the case law of the General Court of the European Union (EGC). All three EEA courts (ECJ, EGC, EFTA Court) have not only emphasized the need for a uniform interpretation of EU and EEA law, but have actively seen to it that homogeneity has been preserved.
The EFTA Court has in the majority of its cases been faced with legal issues that have not or not fully been decided by the ECJ. The EEA Agreement does not contain a written rule that would oblige the ECJ to take into account the case law of the EFTA Court when interpreting EU or EEA law. In practice, both Union Courts (the ECJ and the EGC), have, however, made reference to EFTA Court jurisprudence. As to the interpretation of EEA law, the Union courts reverted to judgments by the EFTA Court with regard to the legal nature of the EEA Agreement, the principle of State liability in EEA law, the free movement of goods and the freedom of establishment.
When interpreting EU law, the Union Courts found support in the jurisprudence of the EFTA Court in cases concerning the Directive on Television without Frontiers, the Directive on Transfer of Undertakings, the precautionary principle in foodstuff law, and the selectivity criterion in State aid law. Advocates General of the European Court of Justice have also entered a judicial dialogue with the EFTA Court. On the other hand, the EFTA Court regularly refers to Opinions of Advocates General.
Methods of interpretation.
Like the ECJ, the EFTA Court does not follow the rules laid down in Articles 31 and 32 of the 1969 Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties when interpreting EEA law, but rather the methodological rules usually applied by national supreme and constitutional courts. Teleological (or purposive) interpretation is particularly important, but also dynamic interpretation is not uncommon.
Notable cases.
Effect, supremacy and state liability.
The EFTA Court has consistently held that the provisions of the EEA Agreement are intended for the benefit of individuals and economic operators throughout the European Economic Area and that the proper functioning of the EEA Agreement is dependent on those individuals and economic operators being able to rely on the rights before the national courts of EEA/EFTA States.
State liability is, according to settled EFTA Court case law, part of EEA law so that Contracting Parties infringing primary or secondary EEA law and thereby causing damage to individuals or economic operators may be obliged to pay compensation. The EFTA Court ruled that way in its 1998 "Sveinbjörnsdóttir" judgment and confirmed this jurisprudence in 2002 in "Karlsson".
Legal nature of the EEA Agreement.
In its judgment in the "Sveinbjörnsdóttir" case, the EFTA Court characterized the EEA Agreement as an international treaty "sui generis" which contains a distinct legal order of its own. Its depth of integration is less far-reaching than under the EC Treaty, but the scope and objective go beyond what is usual for an agreement under public international law. The distinct legal order "sui generis" established by the EEA Agreement is characterized by the creation of an internal market, the protection of the rights of individuals and economic operators and an institutional framework providing for effective surveillance and judicial review.
Collective agreements and competition law.
In Case E-8/00 "Landsorganisasjonen" the EFTA Court had to deal with whether a number of Norwegian municipalities had breached certain provisions of the Basic Collective Agreement for Municipalities when they transferred their occupational pension insurance scheme from one supplier, KLP, a private mutual life insurance company wholly owned by members of the Norwegian Association of Local and Regional Authorities, to other insurance companies. The municipalities submitted that several provisions in the Basic Collective Agreement were void because they infringed Articles 53 and 54 EEA, the provisions mirroring Articles 81 and 82 EC. The contested provisions stated, inter alia, that in the event of a change of the pension company, this should be discussed with union representatives; that before the decision-making body might begin to deal with a possible change of company relevant offers for a new occupational pension scheme should be put before those members of the pension committee who represent the parties to the collective agreement; that the occupational pension scheme had to be based on a financing system that is gender-neutral and does not have the effect of excluding older employees; that before the matter might be decided upon by the municipality there had to be approval from the Norwegian Public Service Pension Fund; and that the pension scheme had to be taken note of by the Banking, Insurance and Securities Commission.
The EFTA Court found that the relationship between the national law of collective bargaining and the EEA competition rules must be assessed by applying the test established by the ECJ in Case C-67/96 "Albany" ( "ECR" I-5751) and in related cases. It concluded that on that basis, the contested provisions would "prima facie" fall outside the scope of Article 53 EEA. If, however, the national court found that the contested provisions do not pursue their apparent objectives, the provisions, in light of the objectives actually pursued, fall within the scope of Article 53 EEA. If so, and if the court found that these provisions in effect required the municipalities to obtain supplementary pension insurance services from specific insurers, thus excluding, or severely limiting, their possibility of selecting other qualified service providers, these provisions were also held capable of constituting a restriction of competition within the meaning of Article 53 EEA. The Court held that, in any case, the good faith of the parties in concluding and implementing a collective agreement must also be taken into account. When examining the several elements of a collective agreement, the national court must consider their aggregate effect. Whether an agreement restricts competition, and thereby infringes Article 53 EEA, is a legal question that must be examined in light of economic considerations. The EFTA Court found furthermore that Article 54 EEA may apply if the national court were to find that the supplier of the occupational pension scheme, KLP, enjoyed a dominant position in the relevant market, that an identification might be made between the Norwegian Association of Local and Regional Authorities and the supplier, and that their conduct in relation to the conclusion or the implementation of the contested provisions of the Basic Collective Agreement had in practice prevented transfers of supplementary pension insurance schemes from KLP to other insurance companies, in order to protect the position of KLP.
Transfer of undertakings.
In Case E-2/96 "Ulstein" (1995/1996 EFTA Court Report, 65), a company that had provided ambulance services for a hospital was no longer considered after public tenders had been invited, but was replaced by a second company. No tangible assets were taken over by the second service provider. The office in the hospital building that had been used by the first service provider was no longer available. The second company reemployed four of the first company’s nineteen employees. The other employees, including the two plaintiffs, were not offered employment. The EFTA Court ruled that a mere succession of two contracts for the provision of the same or similar services will not, as a rule, be sufficient for there to be a transfer of an undertaking, business, or part of a business within the meaning of the Transfer of Undertakings Directive 77/187/EEC.
International exhaustion of trademark rights.
In Case E-2/97 "Mag Instruments" (1997 EFTA Court Report, 127), a parallel importer purchased Maglite flashlights in California, where they were manufactured, and imported them into Norway without the manufacturer’s and trade mark owner’s consent. According to established Norwegian law, international exhaustion applied for trade marks. The EFTA Court held that under the First Trade Mark Directive 89/104/EEC, the EFTA States were entitled to opt for international exhaustion of trade mark rights. The Court emphasized that they retained their sovereignty in foreign trade matters. Unlike the EC Treaty, the EEA Agreement did not establish a customs union, but an enhanced free trade area. The purpose and the scope of the EC Treaty and the EEA Agreement are therefore different. According to Article 8 EEA, the principle of free movement of goods as laid down in Articles 11 to 13 EEA applies only to goods originating in the EEA, while in the Community a product is in free circulation once it has been lawfully placed on the market in a Member State. In general, the latter applies in the context of the EEA only with respect to products originating in the EEA. In the case at hand, the product was manufactured in the United States and imported into Norway. Accordingly, it was not subject to the principle of the free movement of goods within the EEA. Based on this, the EFTA Court rejected the argument put forward by the governments of France, Germany, and the United Kingdom as well as by the European Commission that giving the EEA/EFTA States the right to opt for international exhaustion would lead to disparities in the EEA market. Article 7(1) of the Trade Mark Directive was interpreted so that it was for the EEA/EFTA States’ legislatures and courts to decide whether they wanted to introduce or to maintain the principle of international exhaustion of trade mark rights with regard to goods originating from outside the EEA. The EFTA Court found that international exhaustion was in the interest of free trade and competition and thus in the interest of consumers. Furthermore, the principle of international exhaustion was in line with the main function of a trade mark, to allow the consumer to identify with certainty the origin of the products. This interpretation of Article 7(1) of the Trade Mark Directive was also consistent with the TRIPs Agreement, which left the issue open for the Member States to regulate.

</doc>
<doc id="2911138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911138" title="Bill Harry">
Bill Harry

Bill Harry (born 17 September 1938), is the creator of "Mersey Beat"; a newspaper of the early 1960s which focused on the Liverpool music scene. Harry had previously started various magazines and newspapers, such as "Biped" and "Premier", while at Liverpool's Junior School of Art. He later attended the Liverpool College of Art, where his fellow students included John Lennon and Stuart Sutcliffe, who both later performed with The Beatles. He published a magazine, "Jazz", in 1958, and worked as an assistant editor on the University of Liverpool's charity magazine, "Pantosphinx".
Harry met his wife-to-be, Virginia Sowry, at the Jacaranda club—managed by Allan Williams, the first manager of The Beatles—and she later agreed to help him start a music newspaper. After borrowing £50, Harry released the first issue of "Mersey Beat" on 6 July 1961, with the first 5,000 copies selling out within a short time. The newspaper was published every two weeks, covering the music scenes in Liverpool, Wirral, Birkenhead, New Brighton, Crosby and Southport, as well as Warrington, Widnes and Runcorn. He edited the paper in a small attic office above a wine merchant's shop at 81a Renshaw Street, Liverpool.
Harry arranged for the future Beatles' manager, Brian Epstein, to see them perform a lunchtime concert at The Cavern Club on 9 November 1961. Epstein subsequently asked Harry to create a national music paper, the "Music Echo", but after disagreements with Epstein about editorial control, he decided to become a P.R. agent; working for many solo artistes and groups, including Pink Floyd, Jethro Tull, Procol Harum, David Bowie, Led Zeppelin, and the Beach Boys, as well as many others.
Early years.
Harry was born in Smithdown Road Hospital (now demolished), in Liverpool on 17 September 1938. He came from a poor Liverpudlian background and was raised in a rough neighbourhood near Liverpool's dockyards. His father ( John Jelicoe Harry) was killed during the war on the SS Kyleglen British Steam Merchant ship none of the crew survived and he died on the 14th December 1940 aged 25, the ship was torpedoed in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean by a German U boat. He attended the Catholic St. Vincent's Institute, but had to get used to the priests dispensing corporal punishment on a regular basis. Because of his small stature, Harry was beaten by his classmates, being once kicked in the appendix and "left for dead". His mother had no option but to transfer him elsewhere.
Harry became interested in science fiction and read comics by candlelight (the house had no electricity), and eventually joined the Liverpool Science Fiction Society. At the age of 13, he produced his own science fiction fanzine, "Biped", using a Gestetner machine to print 60 copies. His pen friend at the time was Michael Moorcock; the writer of science fiction and fantasy novels. After winning a scholarship to the Junior School of Art in Gambier Terrace, Liverpool, Harry started his first school newspaper, "Premier".
Liverpool College of Art.
At the age of 16, Harry obtained a place at Liverpool's College of Art at 68 Hope Street. After studying typography and page layouts, he borrowed the college's duplicating machine and published a newspaper called "Jazz" in 1958, which reported concerts at the Liverpool Jazz Society club, the Temple Jazz Club and The Cavern Club. He also worked as assistant editor on University of Liverpool's charity magazine, "Pantosphinx", and on a music newsletter for Frank Hessy's musical instruments store called "Frank Comments". The title was suggested by the owner, Frank Hesselberg, as a play on his own comments, but was abandoned after a few issues.
Harry received a National Diploma in design while at the Liverpool Art College and became the first student in the new Graphic Design course, eventually winning a Senior City Art Scholarship. Harry maintained that students at art college should be bohemian in their thoughts and actions and not like the "dilettantes and dabblers", whom Harry disapproved of for wearing duffle coats and turtle neck sweaters. One of the college's artists and teachers, Arthur Ballard, later stated that Harry and Sutcliffe both overshadowed Lennon at college, explaining that they were both "extremely well educated, and very eager for information". Harry organised a students' film society, where he showed "Orphee", by Jean Cocteau and Salvador Dalí, and Luis Buñuel's, "L'Age d'Or".
Meeting Lennon had been a shock for Harry, as Lennon often dressed like a Teddy boy, and was a disruptive influence at the college. Despite his misgivings about Lennon, Harry introduced him to Sutcliffe, who was a small, soft-spoken and shy student, who had painted a portrait of Harry. The three often spent time together at the Ye Cracke pub in Rice Street, or on the top floor of the Jacaranda club (run by Williams, who later managed The Beatles). Harry met his then 16-year-old future wife-to-be, Virginia Sowry, at the club. Harry, Lennon, Sutcliffe and Rod Murray saw the poet Royston Ellis at Liverpool University in June 1960. Having been disappointed with Ellis' performance, Harry proposed the idea that they should call the assembled quartet of friends The Dissenters, and make Liverpool famous: Sutcliffe and Murray with their paintings, Harry's writing and Lennon's music.
Music and journalism.
A fellow student, John Ashcroft, introduced Harry to rock 'n' roll records, and the members of Rory Storm & The Hurricanes and Cass & The Cassanovas. Harry carried notebooks with him, collecting information about the local groups, once writing to "The Daily Mail": "Liverpool is like New Orleans at the turn of the century, but with rock 'n' roll instead of jazz". He also wrote to "The Liverpool Echo" about the emerging Liverpool music scene, but neither paper was interested in stories about music that was popular with teenagers. The classified ads in "The Liverpool Echo" for local groups were always under the heading of "Jazz", but the paper refused to change this policy, despite pleas from the promoters and groups who actually paid for them. Harry planned to produce a jazz newspaper called "Storyville/52nd Street" and contacted Sam Leach, the owner of a club called Storyville. Leach promised to fund the newspaper, but failed to turn up for three meetings with Harry, leaving him no other option but to find another investor. Harry thought starting a fortnightly newspaper covering Liverpool's rock 'n' roll music scene would be more successful, and would differ from national music newspapers such as the "New Musical Express" and the "Melody Maker", which only wrote articles about current chart hits and artists.
"Mersey Beat".
Photographer Dick Matthews, a friend from the Jacaranda, heard about Harry's problems with Leach and introduced Harry to a local civil servant, Jim Anderson, who lent Harry £50. This enabled Harry to found "Mersey Beat" in 1961. Harry decided to publish the newspaper every two weeks, covering the music scene in Liverpool, Wirral, Birkenhead, New Brighton, Crosby and Southport, as well as Warrington, Widnes and Runcorn. He thought up the name "Mersey Beat" by thinking about a policeman's 'beat' (the area of duty), which had nothing to do with a musical beat. Virginia gave up her accountancy/comptometer operator job at Woolworth's and worked full-time for £2.10/- a week (also contributing a "Mersey Roundabout" article), while Harry lived on his Senior City Art Scholarship funding. Matthews photographed groups, while Anderson found a small attic office for £5 a week above David Land's wine merchant's shop at 81a Renshaw Street, Liverpool. Anderson and Matthews helped with the move to the new office, with Anderson providing a desk, chair and an Olivetti typewriter.
Harry asked printer James E. James (who had printed "Frank Comments"), if he could borrow the printing blocks he used for photos, as they were too expensive for the fledgling company at the time. Harry also borrowed blocks from the "Widnes Weekly News", "Pantosphinx" and local cinemas, but contributed to charities by printing free charity advertisements at the side of the front cover page. After taking Virginia home to Bowring Park in the evening, Harry would often return to the office and work throughout the night, pausing only to go to the Pier Head to buy a cup of tea and a hot pie at four in the morning. Virginia's parents helped the paper during this time, as they paid for classified ads, and arranged for Harry and his future wife's first photographs together.
The first issue.
Splitting the price of the newspaper (three pence), with retailers, Harry arranged for three major wholesalers, W.H. Smith, Blackburn's, and Conlan's, to sell "Mersey Beat". Harry personally delivered copies to more than 20 newsagents as well as to local venues and musical instrument and record stores, such as Cramer & Lea, Rushworth & Draper, and Cranes. The paper released its first edition on 6 July 1961, selling out all 5,000 copies. The paper's circulation increased rapidly as Harry started featuring stories about groups in Manchester, Birmingham, Sheffield and Newcastle, with circulation growing to 75,000. As the newspaper's sales rose, it became known as the "Teenagers Bible". Local groups were soon being called "beat groups", and venues started advertising concerts as "Beat Sessions". With circulation rising, the paper's offices were moved downstairs to a larger two-roomed office. The Cavern Club's doorman, Pat (Paddy) Delaney, was employed to deliver copies, a secretary, Pat Finn, was hired, as well as Raymond Caine to promote advertising space, 
Harry later said: "The newspapers, television, theatres and radio were all run by people of a different generation who had no idea of what youngsters wanted. For decades they had manipulated and controlled them. Suddenly, there was an awareness of being young, and young people wanted their own styles and their own music, just at the time they were beginning to earn money, which gave them the spending power. "Mersey Beat" was their voice, it was a paper for them, crammed with photos and information about their own groups, which is why it also began to appeal to youngsters throughout Britain as its coverage extended to other areas." Because of the employment situation in Liverpool at the time, "The Daily Worker" newspaper denounced the enthusiasm of younger people in Liverpool by saying "The Mersey Sound is the sound of 30,000 people on the dole."
Liverpool groups.
Between 1958 and 1964, the Merseyside area had about 500 different groups, which were constantly forming and breaking up, with an average of about 350 groups playing concerts on a regular basis. In 1961, Harry and The Cavern Club's DJ, Bob Wooler, compiled a list of groups that they had personally heard of, which had almost 300 names. In 1962, "Mersey Beat" held a poll to find out who was the most popular Merseyside group. When the votes were counted, Rory Storm & The Hurricanes were in first place, but after looking through the postal votes again, Harry noticed that forty votes were all written in green ink, in the same handwriting, and from the same area of Liverpool, so the dubious votes were declared void. This was suspected to have been Storm himself, but Harry had no idea that The Beatles had done exactly the same thing.
The results were announced on 4 January 1962, with The Beatles in first place. The results were printed in issue 13 of "Mersey Beat" on 4 January 1962, with the front page announcing, "Beatles Top Poll!" Such was the popularity of the poll, Rushworth's music store manager, Bob Hobbs, presented Lennon and George Harrison with new guitars. At the time, many groups in Liverpool complained to Harry that his newspaper should be called "Mersey Beatles", as he featured them so often.
Harry asked a local singer, Priscilla White, to contribute a fashion column after writing an article called "Swinging Cilla", in which he wrote, "Cilla Black is a Liverpool girl who is starting out on the road to fame." Harry's mistake came about because he could not remember her surname (which he knew was a colour), but White decided to keep it as a stage name. Two years later Harry arranged for her to sing for Epstein at the Blue Angel club, leading to a management contract.
In late 1962, Harry wrote an article called "Take a look up North", asking for A&R men from London to travel up to Liverpool and see what was really happening with the music scene, but not one record company sent an A&R representative to Liverpool. Journalist Nancy Spain once wrote an article for the "News of the World" newspaper, stating that "Bill and Virginia Harry were Mr. & Mrs. Mersey Beat", and when Bob Dylan visited Liverpool to appear at the Odeon, he specifically asked for Harry to act as his guide to the city.
The Beatles and Brian Epstein.
Harry often heard Lennon, McCartney and Harrison rehearsing or playing in the Art College canteen in the basement, but after Sutcliffe joined The Quarrymen, Harry complained that Sutcliffe should be concentrating on art and not music, as he thought he was a competent, but not brilliant bassist. As Harry and Sutcliffe were members of the Liverpool College of Art's Student Union committee, they put forward the idea that the college should buy its own P.A. system for college dances, which The Quarrymen often played at, but the equipment would later be appropriated by the group and taken to Hamburg. As late as 7 March 1962, the Student's Union sent Pete Mackey to ask Lennon to either return the equipment or pay for it, but Lennon told him it had been sold in Hamburg. Harry asked Lennon to write a short biography of The Beatles for the first issue of "Mersey Beat", which Harry titled, "Being A Short Diversion On The Dubious Origins Of Beatles, Translated From The John Lennon": Lennon was very grateful that Harry printed his 'Dubious Origins' piece without editing it and later gave Harry a large collection of drawings, poems and stories (approximately 250), telling Harry he was free to publish whatever he liked (under the pseudonym of "Beatcomber", which was appropriated from a "Daily Express" column, "Beachcomber").
Harry convinced Epstein to sell 12 copies of the first "Mersey Beat" newspaper at his North End Music Stores (NEMS), which sold out in one day, resulting in Epstein having to order more copies. After ordering and selling 144 copies of the second issue, Epstein invited Harry to his office for a glass of sherry, proposing the idea that he (Epstein), should write a record review column. It was published in the third issue on 3 August 1961, entitled "Stop the World—And Listen To Everything In It: Brian Epstein of NEMS".
Epstein saw numerous posters around Liverpool advertising concerts by The Beatles as well as in the second issue of "Mersey Beat", which had "Beatles sign Recording Contract!" on the front cover, as The Beatles had recorded the "My Bonnie" single with Tony Sheridan in Germany. Some months after its release, Epstein supposedly (as stated in his biography), asked his assistant Alistair Taylor about the single, because a customer, one Raymond Jones, had asked Epstein for the single on 28 October 1961, which made Epstein curious about the group. Harry and McCartney repudiated this story, as Harry had been talking to Epstein about The Beatles for a long time (being the group he promoted the most in "Mersey Beat"), and by McCartney saying, "Brian knew perfectly well who The Beatles were, they were on the front page of the second issue of "Mersey Beat"."
The Beatles were due to perform a lunchtime concert at The Cavern Club on 9 November 1961, not far from Epstein's NEMS store. Epstein asked Harry to arrange for him and Taylor to watch The Beatles perform without queuing at the door. Harry phoned the owner, Ray McFall, who said he would inform the doorman on the day, Delaney, to let Epstein in. Epstein and Taylor bypassed the line of fans at the door and heard a welcome message announced over the club's public-address system by Wooler: "We have someone rather famous in the audience today, Mr. Brian Epstein, the owner of NEMS ..."
Lennon had once given Harry a collection of photos taken in Hamburg, showing Lennon standing on the Reeperbahn reading a newspaper and wearing nothing but his underpants, performing on stage with a toilet seat around his neck, and one of McCartney sitting on a toilet. After Epstein became The Beatles' manager, Lennon rushed into Harry's office and asked for them back, saying, "Brian insists I've got to get them back—the pictures, everything you've got. I must take it all with me now." When Epstein finally secured a recording contract with EMI, he sent Harry a telegram from London to the "Mersey Beat" office to announce the news.
The last issues and London.
On 13 September 1964, Epstein approached Harry to create a national music paper, so Harry coined the name "Music Echo", and gradually merged "Mersey Beat" into it. Epstein had promised Harry full editorial control, but then hired a female press officer in London to write a fashion column and a D.J. to write a gossip column, without informing Harry of his intentions, leaving Harry with no other option but to resign. The paper subsequently ran into financial problems, and Epstein had to merge it with another paper, becoming the "Disc & Music Echo". When Harry and his wife moved to London in 1966, he was already contributing a column for the magazine "Weekend" and also for the teen magazines "Marilyn" and "Valentine". He then became the feature writer, news editor and columnist for "Record Mirror" (using various pseudonyms such as 'Brenda Tarry' and 'David Berglas'), and wrote features for "Music Now" (under the name of Nick Blaine) for "Record Retailer".
P.R. and present.
Harry and his wife moved to London in 1966 and was engaged as a public relations (P.R.) for The Kinks and The Hollies. During the next 18 years he was the P.R. to many artists, including Pink Floyd, Jethro Tull, Procol Harum, David Bowie, Led Zeppelin, The Beach Boys, Clouds, Ten Years After, Free, Mott The Hoople, The Pretty Things, Christine Perfect, Supertramp, Hot Chocolate, Suzi Quatro, and Kim Wilde. During his time working as a press officer, Harry started a monthly magazine called "Tracks", which reported the latest album releases, and another magazine, "Idols: 20th Century Legends", which ran for 37 issues, from 1998 to 1991. Harry also compiled a 34-track compilation, "Mersey Beat", for Parlophone records, which was released on 31 October 1983.
Harry was presented with a gold award for a 'Lifetime Achievement in Music' by the British Academy of Songwriters, Composers and Authors (BASCA) in 1994, has taken part in over 350 international television/radio shows, and was hired by Rediffusion to be programme assistant for the documentary "Beat City". He was a programme assistant for the BBC's "Everyman" documentary about Lennon: "A Day In The Life", and "The Story Of Mersey Beat". The British Council asked him to represent them in Hong Kong, promoting The Beatles. "Mersey Beat" returned to publication in August 2009 with a 24-page special issue to celebrate the "Liverpool International Beatle Week". He was an Associate Producer of the film "The City That Rocked The World". Harry and Virginia have a son, Sean Harry, who is an actor, director and producer.
Books written or co-written by Bill Harry.
Harry once commented on his numerous books:
"The hundreds of interviews I have conducted over the past 40 years have been utilised. I have always been a hoarder of clippings in addition to collecting magazines, fanzines, newspapers and books. I'll never tire of it."

</doc>
<doc id="2911139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911139" title="Ben Bagley">
Ben Bagley

Ben Bagley (October 18, 1933 – March 21, 1998) was an American musical theatre and record producer.
Career.
Born in Burlington, Vermont, Bagley moved to New York City during the early 1950s, and in 1955, at age 22, he produced his first hit, "Shoestring Revue", starring (among others) Beatrice Arthur and Chita Rivera (and, later, Jane Connell), and with songs by Charles Strouse, Lee Adams, June Carroll, and Sheldon Harnick.
The glowing notices from "Shoestring" enabled him to mount a more lavish and sophisticated revue, "The Littlest Revue" Off-Broadway in 1956. This revue featured the young, unknown Joel Grey, Larry Storch, and Charlotte Rae, as well as Tammy Grimes making her Off-Broadway debut. Contributing lyricists and composers included Vernon Duke, John Latouche, Ogden Nash and others. Particularly memorable was a snappy number by Sammy Cahn and Vernon Duke, called "Good Little Girls." Performed by flame-haired newcomer Beverly Bozeman, this song had originally been written for Bette Davis in a 1952 musical revue, "Two's Company." Resurrecting unused and forgotten songs by major songwriters eventually became a hallmark of Bagley shows and recordings. "The Littlest Revue" closed after 32 performances, possibly because its venue, the Phoenix Theatre at 2nd Avenue and 12th Street, was too inaccessible for the casual theatergoer. Critics noted the revue's pleasant songs and dull, overlong sketches. 
Bagley returned a few months later with "Shoestring '57" at the Barbizon-Plaza on Central Park South, and this turned out to be his most successful show yet with 119 performances.
Bagley's Off-Broadway revue "The Decline and Fall of the Entire World as Seen Through the Eyes of Cole Porter" drew on the composer's lesser-known songs. It ran Off-Broadway from March 1965 to November 1965 for 273 performances at Square East (West Fourth Street), and starred Carmen Alvarez, Kaye Ballard, William Hickey, Harold Lang, and Elmarie Wendel.
Following that, it ran for 13 months in San Francisco, before moving to the regional theater stage. According to "Variety", the show "helped pave the way for later Broadway revues like "Ain't Misbehavin'" and "Sophisticated Ladies", which surveyed the work of a single composer."
Shortly after his 1958 revue, "Shoestring Revue in Fort Worth", Bagley was diagnosed with tuberculosis. He was hospitalized until 1960. During this time of sickness and recuperation, he learned what true friendship was and what else he could do with his career.
He began recording albums dedicated to American Popular Song (later collectively referred to as "Great American Songbook") and licensed them to various companies, including MGM and RiC in the United States, and CBS in the United Kingdom. 
He later founded his own recording label, Painted Smiles Records, and through it reissued thoses albums and several newer ones, producing 48 albums. The greater part of his record production consisted largely of the "Revisited" series, which promoted the body of work produced by the likes of Richard Rodgers & Lorenz Hart, Oscar Hammerstein II, Jerome Kern, Irving Berlin, Kurt Weill, Cole Porter, Leonard Bernstein, Harold Rome, Howard Dietz & Arthur Schwartz, Frank Loesser, Noël Coward, Harold Arlen, Vernon Duke, Alan Jay Lerner, and DeSylva, Brown, & Henderson. These albums focused largely upon the composers' lesser-known songs, and contained performances by some of the leading jazz and the theatrical singers of the day (such as Bobby Short and Kaye Ballard), as well as many great theatre and film actors not generally known for their singing ability (among them Katharine Hepburn, Ellen Burstyn, and Laurence Harvey).
The "Playbill" writer has called Bagley's liner notes for his "Revisited" albums "odd and iconoclastic." The recordings themselves are "hardly scholarly and sometimes downright unpleasant to listen to (note the antic, drowsy, caffeinated, tinny arrangements and uneven voices — a festival of sharps and flats)." However, "the discs are nonetheless embraced by fans hungry to explore old, mothballed material by extraordinary songwriters."

</doc>
<doc id="2911141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911141" title="Virginia Graham">
Virginia Graham

Virginia Graham, born Virginia Komiss, (July 4, 1912 – December 22, 1998) was a daytime television talk show host from the mid-1950s to the mid-1970s. On television, Graham hosted the syndicated programs "Food for Thought" (1953–1957), "Girl Talk", which debuted in January 1963 and ran until 1969; and "The Virginia Graham Show" (1970–72). She was also a guest on many other programs.
Personal life/education.
Graham was born and raised in Chicago. Her father, an immigrant from Germany, was a successful businessman who owned the Komiss department store chain. She graduated from the Frances Parker School in Chicago. She attended the University of Chicago, where she majored in anthropology, and was a member of Phi Beta Kappa. She then studied journalism at Northwestern University, and received a master's degree. 
Marriage.
In 1935, she married Harry William Guttenberg, who owned a theatrical costume company. They remained married until his death in 1980. The couple had one daughter.
She was described as "a bright, alert, talkative woman of ripe, tart-edged candor." Another writer said she looked like "Sophie Tucker doing a Carol Channing performance."
Career.
After World War II, she wrote scripts for such radio soap operas as "Stella Dallas", "Our Gal Sunday", and "Backstage Wife". She hosted her first radio talk show in 1951. Graham was a panelist on the DuMont panel show "Where Was I?" (1952–53). She succeeded Margaret Truman in 1956 as co-host of the NBC radio show "Weekday", teamed with Mike Wallace.
While co-hosting "Weekday", Graham read a letter from a listener that caused her to collapse into hysterics, much to Wallace's chagrin. The segment was not aired at the time, but has since become a staple of blooper records and retrospectives.
In 1982, Graham played fictional talk show host "Stella Stanton" in the final episodes of the soap opera "Texas". Her book about her husband's death, "Life After Harry: My Adventures in Widowhood", became a bestseller in 1988. Graham, a cancer survivor, was a fundraiser for the American Cancer Society. A former smoker, she denounced smoking whenever the opportunity arose. 

</doc>
<doc id="2911143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911143" title="Indian Rugby Football Union">
Indian Rugby Football Union

Indian Rugby Football Union () is the governing body for rugby union in India. It was founded in 1968 and became affiliated to the International Rugby Board in 1999.
IRFU administers all India national teams: senior men's and women's teams, sevens teams for both men and women, and under-20 national teams for both sexes.
Coaches.
Currently South African Norman Laker is the coach of the India national rugby union team.
History.
Rugby Union in India dates back to a scratch match or two played in Kolkata and Madras during the visit of MS Galatea in 1871. The first recorded match was played on Christmas Day 1872, at CFC in Kolkata, it was played between England and a combined team of Scotland, Ireland and Wales.
In 1968 the India Rugby Football Union was founded and in 1999 the IFRU gained association from the International Rugby Board.

</doc>
<doc id="2911144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911144" title="Stafford, Queensland">
Stafford, Queensland

Stafford is a northern suburb of Brisbane, the state capital of Queensland, Australia.
A predominantly residential suburb, including some original Queenslander-style homes and a significant number of post-war Queensland Housing Commission homes on quarter-acre blocks built around the 1940s and 1950s, Stafford lies to the west of Lutwyche Road, along the banks of Kedron Brook. Being an area of that age, a large number of Stafford's residents are elderly people, as well as growing number of families of a younger generation.
Demographics.
In the 2011 Census the population of Stafford is 6,041, 52% female and 48% male.
The median/average age of the Stafford population is 34 years of age, 3 years below the Australian average.
77.7% of people living in Stafford were born in Australia. The other top responses for country of birth were New Zealand 3%, England 2.3%, Philippines 1.4%, India 0.9%, Italy 0.6%.
86.1% of people speak English as their first language 1.3% Italian, 0.6% Punjabi, 0.6% Cantonese, 0.6% Mandarin, 0.5% Spanish.
History.
Stafford was originally called Happy Valley. It is possible that the name originates from the fact the Sir Thomas Brisbane for whom the city is named was an officer in the Staffordshire Regiment - a Stafford Knot is featured in the city's coat-of-arms.
A public move to rename the area after the English county of Staffordshire in 1885 and 1886 led to its current name, approved by the Queensland Place Names Board on 11 August 1975.
Between 1940 and 1968 Stafford was served by electric trams operated by the Brisbane City Council. This was the last completely new tram line (as distinct from tram line extension) built in Brisbane.
One of the original large employers of local workers, Gibson's Tannery (also known as Scotia Works), closed in 1982 to make way for the Stafford City Shopping Centre, which opened in 1983 and extended in 1997. Previously, the Stafford Road shopping strip at the tram terminus was the local centre.
Heritage listings.
Stafford has a number of heritage-listed sites, including:
Sporting Clubs.
The Wilston Grange Australian Football Club has played Australian rules football at Hickey Park in Stafford since 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="2911162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911162" title="Cazaly's Stadium">
Cazaly's Stadium

Cazaly's Stadium, formerly known as Bundaberg Rum Stadium, is a sports stadium located in Westcourt, a suburb of Cairns, Australia. It is named after the former VFL legend Roy Cazaly.
The stadium is largest oval stadium in Cairns and is used by Queensland Cricket Association, the Queensland Rugby League and AFL Cairns.
It features a main grandstand relocated from the Brisbane Cricket Ground in the late 1990s.
History.
In 1957 the Australian National Football Council, through Bruce Andrew, purchased land in Cairns for the first dedicated field in regional Queensland which became Cazaly's Stadium. The Cairns Australian Football League, led by Kevin Crathern (then president of the CAFL), helped clear the land of trees, filled in the dense bushlands and turned the land into a suitable playing field. In 1984 the CAFL began negotiations with the ANFL in a bid to purchase the freehold of Cazaly's Stadium. The bid would prove successful and the CAFL would make the final payment on the ground in 1994. From 1997 to 1998, $2.4 million was spent upgrading the stadium, which included acquiring the western grandstand from the Gabba and the installation of 4 light towers. In 1999 the CAFL purchased the 51st battalion barracks housing property adjacent to grounds, which later became the headquarters for AFL Cairns. In 2008, $3 million was spent upgrading the stadium including lighting to AFL television standards, new entrance gates on Till street, increasing the size of player dressing rooms, providing adequate first aid and medical facilities and improved coaching facilities. In 2011 a $15 million stadium redevelopment was completed which included new grandstand and players facilities, media box and upgraded lighting.
Stadium name.
In 1957 the Cairns Australian Football League named the newly opened ground after legendary VFL player Roy Cazaly. Although Cairns had traditionally been a Rugby League dominated area, the CAFL settled on the name in an attempt to expose locals to Australian rules football. It is also believed the choice of name was seen to be a good fit due to the popular song Up There Cazaly, making reference to the city's northern geographical location. The stadium was briefly known as Bunderberg Rum Stadium between 2001-2003 after being officially sponsored by Bundaberg Rum.
Sports.
Cricket.
In July and August 2003 Australia hosted Bangladesh in an out of season series in Carins and Darwin. Cazaly's Stadium hosted the 2nd Test and the first two One Day Internationals while Mararra Stadium in Darwin hosted the 1st Test and 3rd ODI. Australia won all matches comfortably. In July 2004 Australia hosted Sri Lanka in a two test series with matches again in Carins and Darwin. However due to disappointing attendances in both series, Cairns has not hosted Australian international cricket matches since, despited that according to cricket historian Gideon Haigh, "Almost a quarter of the combined populations of Cairns and Darwin attended the cricket" during the Bangladesh Test and ODI series. In October 2008 the venue hosted a Ford Ranger Cup match between Queensland and New South Wales
Rugby League.
In 2001 the stadium hosted two National Rugby League matches, both involving the North Queensland Cowboys. Crowds of 13,000 and 6,113 attended the matches.
Australian rules football.
Cazaly's Stadium hosts Australian rules football matches during the winter. AFL Cairns is headquartered at Cazaly's Stadium; the league's Manunda Hawks plays its home matches at the stadium, and all AFL Cairns finals are played at the stadium.
The venue hosted AFL pre-season matches each season from 2000 until 2007; and its first Australian Football League match for premiership points in 2011. The Richmond Football Club played a home-away-from-home match against the newly established Gold Coast Football Club in each of the 2011, 2012 and 2013 AFL seasons; sellout crowds of 10,382, 10,961 and 11,197 attended the three matches. The Western Bulldogs will replace Richmond in 2014, playing one home game against Gold Coast in 2014.
Other events.
In June 2013 the stadium hosted a Nitro Circus Live show during its 2013 Australian Regional Tour. A crowd of around 10,000 people attended the event.
Attendance records.
Top 10 Sports Attendance Records
"Last updated on the 14 of July 2013"

</doc>
<doc id="2911165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911165" title="Craigenputtock">
Craigenputtock

Craigenputtock is the craig/whinstone hill of the puttocks (small hawks). It is the upland farming estate in the civil parish of Dunscore in Dumfriesshire, within the District Council Region of Dumfries and Galloway. 
It comprises the principal residence - a two storey, 4 bedroomed Georgian Country House (category B listed), 2 cottages and a farmstead, of moorland hill rising to above sea level, of inbye ground of which is arable/ploughable and of woodland/forestry. It was once the residence of the well-known writer Thomas Carlyle, who wrote many famous works there.
It was the property for generations (circa 1500) of the family Welsh, and eventually that of their heiress, Jane Baillie Welsh Carlyle (1801-1866) (descended on the paternal side from Elizabeth, the youngest daughter of John Knox), which the Carlyles made their dwelling-house in 1828, where they remained for seven years (before moving to Carlyle's House in Cheyne Row, London), and where "Sartor Resartus" was written. The property was bequeathed by Thomas Carlyle to the Edinburgh University on his death in 1881. It is now home to the Carter-Campbell family, and managed by the C.C.C. (Carlyle Craigenputtock Circle).
James Paterson on Craigenputtock.
The artist James Paterson (one of the "Glasgow Boys") stayed at Craigenputtock in 1882. The following is his account and sketches of his stay:

</doc>
<doc id="2911166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911166" title="Rocklea, Queensland">
Rocklea, Queensland

Rocklea is a large suburb of Brisbane, the state capital of Queensland, Australia. The suburb is located 12 kilometres south of the city. At times the suburb has experienced significant flooding from the nearby Brisbane River. The west of the suburb is bordered by the Oxley Creek. Its tributaries, Stable Swamp Creek and Rocky Waterholes Creek, are the cause of local flooding. The suburb's name is derived from the Rocky Waterholes in the area.
It is also at one end of the Ipswich Motorway and has a train station on the Beenleigh line. Ipswich Road continues north from the Ipswich Motorway, through Moorooka and into the Brisbane central business district.
Rocklea is a mostly industrial suburb, being the home to many large firms from a range industries. The suburb has a school, Rocklea State School, which was opened in 1885. At the 2011 Australian Census Rocklea had a population of 1,255.
History.
The locality was originally called Rocky Water Holes. It was renamed Rocklea with the opening of the railway.
The suburbs was once the centre of the Shire of Yeerongpilly which was established in 1879 and disbanded in 1925 after the City of Brisbane of created. In 1949, Commonwealth Engineering established a railway factory in Rocklea. On 31 July 2009 the last race was held at the Rocklea horse harness racing track.
Demographics.
In the 2011 Census the population of Rocklea is 1,255, 45.3% female and 54.7% male. The median/average age of the Rocklea population is 36 years of age, 1 year below the Australian average. 60.5% of people living in Rocklea were born in Australia. The other top responses for country of birth were New Zealand 5.2%, England 2.5%, India 2.2%, China 1.8%, Russia 1.4%. 69.4% of people speak English as their first language 2.9% Russian, 2.8% Vietnamese, 2.1% Mandarin, 1.8% Tamil, 1.7% Arabic.
Fruit and vegetable market.
Rocklea is also the host to the Brisbane Markets, which is known for its flowers, fresh fruit and fresh vegetables. The current markets were established in 1964. The opening of the markets occurred on 31 August and was attended by the then Premier of Queensland, Frank Nicklin. The markets occupy an 100 hectare site.
The first market in the area opened in 1866 and then closed in 1881. Roma Street Markets closer to the city were operational for a number of decades until congestion forced a move for the markets back to the suburbs in the 1960s.
Industry.
The suburb is predominately zoned for industrial land uses. Many of the companies situated in Rocklea are part of the transport sector, with the proximity to Archerfield Airport being a drawcard. The Rocklea Works of English Electric built diesel-electric locomotives for several operators including the Queensland Railways 1600 class and successor classes. 
DuluxGroup's main paint manufacturing facility is located in the suburb.
Flooding.
Rocklea is one of Brisbane's most flood affected suburbs. Severe damage was experienced in both the 1974 Brisbane flood and 2010–2011 Queensland floods. Flooding in Rocklea is particularly harmful to the coastal ecosystem because of the oil and other toxic chemicals which are washed downstream. The effect of flooding on the Brisbane Markets was minor in 1974 but since then the site has grown five times and in 2011 35 buildings were inundated.
After the 2011 flood, home and land values in the suburb decreased dramatically. The median house price decreased by 23.9%.

</doc>
<doc id="2911167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911167" title="Mazandaran Plain">
Mazandaran Plain

The Mazandaran Plain is in Iran. The plains stretch as far as the Caspian Sea. Mazandaran Plain become narrow at Sakhtsar, an Iranian town, and broader in the district of Barfurush.
Explorers of the 19th century noted that the plains had vegetation that is now known to be luxurious forest.

</doc>
<doc id="2911169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911169" title="Triffin dilemma">
Triffin dilemma

The Triffin dilemma or paradox is the conflict of economic interests that arises between short-term domestic and long-term international objectives when a national currency also serves as a world reserve currency.
The dilemma of choosing between these objectives was first identified in the 1960s by Belgian-American economist Robert Triffin. He pointed out that the country whose currency, being the global reserve currency, foreign nations wish to hold, must be willing to supply the world with an extra supply of its currency to fulfill world demand for these foreign exchange reserves, and thus cause a trade deficit.
The use of a national currency, e.g., the U.S. dollar, as global reserve currency leads to tension between its national and global monetary policy. This is reflected in fundamental imbalances in the balance of payments, specifically the current account: some goals require an overall flow of dollars out of the United States, while others require an overall flow of dollars into the United States.
Specifically, the Triffin dilemma is usually cited to articulate the problems with the role of the U.S. dollar as the reserve currency under the Bretton Woods system.
History.
Onset during Bretton Woods era.
Due to money flowing out of the country through the Marshall Plan, U.S. military budget and Americans buying foreign goods, the number of U.S. dollars in circulation exceeded the amount of gold backing them up in 1959.
By the autumn of 1960, an ounce of gold could be exchanged for $40 in London, even though the rate in the U.S. was $35. This difference, the "gold window", showed that investors knew the dollar was overvalued.
The solution to the Triffin dilemma for the U.S. was the reduction of dollars in circulation by cutting the deficit and raising interest rates to attract dollars back into the country. Some economists believed both these tactics, however, would drag the U.S. economy into recession.
In support of the Bretton Woods system and to exert control over the exchange rate of gold, the U.S. initiated the London Gold Pool and the General Agreements to Borrow (GAB) in 1961 which sustained the system until 1967, when runs on gold and the devaluation of the pound sterling were followed by the demise of the system.
The Balance of Payments dilemma.
In order to maintain the Bretton Woods system, the U.S. had to run a balance of payments current account deficit to provide liquidity for the conversion of gold into U.S. dollars. With more U.S. dollars in the system the citizens began to speculate, thinking that the U.S. dollar was overvalued. This meant that the U.S. had less gold as people started converting U.S. dollars to gold and taking it offshore. With less gold in the country there was even more speculation that the U.S. dollar was overvalued. Furthermore, the US had to run a balance of payments current account surplus to maintain confidence in the U.S. dollar.
As a result, the U.S. was faced with a dilemma because it is not possible to run a balance of payments current account deficit and surplus at the same time.
The Nixon Shock.
In August 1971, President Richard Nixon acknowledged the demise of the Bretton Woods system. He announced that the dollar could no longer be exchanged for gold, which soon became known as the Nixon shock. The "gold window" was closed.
Implication in 2008 meltdown.
In the wake of the financial crisis of 2007–2008, the governor of the People's Bank of China explicitly named the Triffin Dilemma as the root cause of the economic disorder, in a speech titled "Reform the International Monetary System". Zhou Xiaochuan's speech of 29 March 2009 proposed strengthening existing global currency controls, through the IMF.
This would involve a gradual move away from the U.S. dollar as a reserve currency and towards the use of IMF special drawing rights (SDRs) as a global reserve currency.
Zhou argued that part of the reason for the original Bretton Woods system breaking down was the refusal to adopt Keynes' bancor which would have been a special international currency to be used instead of the dollar.
American economists such as Brad DeLong agreed that on almost every point where Keynes was overruled by the Americans during the Bretton Woods negotiations, he was later proved correct by events.
Zhou's proposal attracted much international attention; in a November 2009 article published in Foreign Affairs magazine, economist C. Fred Bergsten argued that Zhou's suggestion or a similar change to the International Monetary System would be in the best interests in both the U.S. and the rest of the world.
While Zhou's proposal has not yet been adopted, leaders meeting in April at the 2009 G-20 London summit agreed to allow 250 billion SDRs to be created by the IMF, to be distributed to all IMF members according to each country's voting rights.
On April 13, 2010, the Strategy, Policy and Review Department of the IMF published a comprehensive report examining these aforementioned problems as well as other world reserve currency considerations, recommending that the world adopt a global currency (bancor) and that a global central bank be established to administer such a currency. In this report, the current issues with having a national global reserve currency are addressed. The merits, difficulties and effectiveness of establishing a multi-currency reserve system are weighed against that of the SDRs, or "basket currency" strategy, and those of establishing this new "global reserve currency". A new multilateral framework and 'multi-polar system' for managing capital flows and national debts is also called for, but the IMF cautions that it prefers a gradual shift to this new framework, rather than a sudden change.

</doc>
<doc id="2911170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911170" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Baker">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Baker

The Diocese of Baker (Latin: "Dioecesis Bakeriensis") is a territorial division, or diocese, of the Roman Catholic Church in Eastern Oregon, United States. It is a suffragan see of the Archdiocese of Portland.
While the cathedral, Cathedral of Saint Francis de Sales, is in the small city of Baker City, the pastoral offices are located in Bend, the largest city in Oregon outside the Willamette Valley.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Baker "includes almost 67,000 square miles in Oregon and has a population of 526,760 people, of whom 34,375, or seven percent, are Catholic".
History.
The "Diocese of Baker City" was established on June 19, 1903, and renamed "Diocese of Baker" on February 16, 1952.
Territory.
The diocese consists of the counties of Baker, Crook, Deschutes, Gilliam, Grant, Harney, Hood River, Jefferson, Klamath, Lake, Malheur, Morrow, Sherman, Umatilla, Union, Wallowa, Wasco and Wheeler in Eastern Oregon.

</doc>
<doc id="2911176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911176" title="Errol Brown">
Errol Brown

Errol Brown MBE (born Lester Errol Brown, 12 November 1948) is a singer and songwriter, best known as the frontman of Hot Chocolate. He has British citizenship by marriage to Ginette and they live in The Bahamas. Hot Chocolate's hits included "You Sexy Thing", "So You Win Again" and "Brother Louie".
In 2003 Brown was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire for services to popular music for the United Kingdom. In 2004 he received an Ivor Novello Award for outstanding contributions to British music.
Career.
Brown was born in Kingston, Jamaica, but moved to the UK when he was twelve years old. His break in music came in 1969 when he recorded a version of John Lennon's "Give Peace a Chance", with some friends. Unable to change the lyrics with Lennon's permission he sent a copy to his record label, Apple, and the song was released with Lennon's approval.
The Hot Chocolate albums were produced by Mickie Most and recorded at the RAK Records studio. Brown has had a solo career since the 1980s, and achieved music success in the clubs with the 1987 single "Body Rocking", produced by Richard James Burgess.
Brown owns some National Hunt horses, including Gainsay.
Discography.
Solo singles.
1 - Credited to Hot Chocolate featuring Errol Brown 

</doc>
<doc id="2911177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911177" title="Let's Go to My Star">
Let's Go to My Star

"Let's Go To My Star" is Lee Jung Hyun's first album.

</doc>
<doc id="2911184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911184" title="Reconstruction of Germany">
Reconstruction of Germany

The reconstruction of Germany was a long process. After World War II, Germany had suffered heavy losses, both in lives and industrial power. 7.5 million Germans had been killed, roughly 11 percent of the population (see also World War II casualties). The country's cities were severely damaged from heavy bombing in the closing chapters of the War and agricultural production was only 35 percent of what it was before the war.
At the Potsdam conference, the victorious Allies ceded roughly 25 percent of Germany's pre-Anschluss territory to Poland and the Soviet Union. The German population in this area was expelled by force, together with the Germans of the Sudetenland and the German populations scattered throughout the rest of Eastern Europe. Between 0.5 and 2 million are said to have died in the process, depending on source. (See also Expulsion of Germans after World War II). As a result, the population density grew in the "new" Germany that remained after the dismemberment.
As agreed at Potsdam, an attempt was made to convert Germany into a pastoral and agricultural nation, allowed only light industry. Many factories were dismantled as reparations or were simply destroyed (see also the Morgenthau Plan). Due to these policies, large numbers of German civilians died in the years following the unconditional surrender in what would eventually become West Germany (unsourced, should be modified or removed). Millions of German prisoners of war were for several years used as forced labor, both by the Western Allies and the Soviet Union.
Beginning immediately after the German surrender and continuing for the next two years, the United States pursued a vigorous program to harvest all technological and scientific know-how, as well as all patents in Germany. John Gimbel comes to the conclusion in his book, "Science Technology and Reparations: Exploitation and Plunder in Post-war Germany", that the "intellectual reparations" taken by the U.S. and the UK amounted to close to 10 billion dollars, equivalent to around 100 billion dollars in 2006 (Ref: Norman M. Naimark The Russians in Germany pg. 206) (see also Operation paperclip).
Rehabilitation and "denazification".
As soon as 1945, the Allied forces worked heavily on removing Nazi symbolism from Germany in a process dubbed as "denazification."
By mid-1947, the start of the Cold War had led to a re-consideration of policy, as the Germans were seen as possible allies in the conflict and the dawning realization that the economic recovery of Europe was dependent on the reactivation of German industry. With the repudiation of the U.S. occupation directive JCS 1067 in July 1947, the Western Allies were able to start planning for the introduction of a currency reform to halt the rampant inflation. This type of action to help the German economy had been prohibited by the directive and its execution also led to the eventual division of Germany. (see also Berlin Blockade)
In 1948, the Deutsche Mark replaced the occupation currency as the currency of the Western occupation zones, leading to their eventual economic recovery.
In 1947, the Marshall Plan, initially known as the "European Recovery Program" was initiated. In the years 1947-1952, some $13 billion of economic and technical assistance—-equivalent to around $130 billion in 2006—were allocated to Western Europe. Despite protests from many beneficiaries, the Marshall Plan, although in the less generous form of loans, was in 1949 extended to also include the newly formed West Germany. In the years 1949-1952, West Germany received loans which totaled $1.45 billion, equivalent to around $14.5 billion in 2006.
The country subsequently began a slow but continuous improvement of its standard of living, with the export of local products, a reduction in unemployment, increased food production, and a reduced black market
By 1950, the UK and France were finally forced to stop the dismantling of German heavy industry. [http://www.thyssenkrupp.com/en/konzern/geschichte_chronik_t1949.html [http://www.ena.lu?lang=2&doc=16822]. The country's economic recovery was, once it was permitted, swift and effective. During the mid-1950s, the unemployment rate in Germany was so low that it led to the influx of Turkish immigrants into the country's labor force. Germany's economy continued to improve until the 1973 oil crisis. (see also Wirtschaftswunder)

</doc>
<doc id="2911185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911185" title="Johannes Max Proskauer">
Johannes Max Proskauer

Johannes Max Proskauer (December 5, 1923 – December 20, 1970) was born in Göttingen, Germany. He attended the University of London, which awarded him a B.Sc. in 1944, a Ph.D. in 1947, and a D.Sc. in 1964, all in the field of botany.
In 1948, Proskauer moved to Berkeley, California, where he became an instructor in botany at the University of California, Berkeley. He was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1954. He became a United States citizen in 1957.
Professor Proskauer's thesis research was concerned with the biology and morphology of the British species of the hornwort "Anthoceros". Much of his life's work focussed on this group, and in 1951, he recognized and defined the genus "Phaeoceros" for the first time. He continued to work at Berkeley on the morphology and cytology on the hornworts and also the liverworts.
He died in 1970, leaving a legacy of careful and meticulous study.

</doc>
<doc id="2911190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911190" title="Archaean">
Archaean

Archaean could mean:

</doc>
<doc id="2911232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911232" title="Jo Sullivan Loesser">
Jo Sullivan Loesser

Elizabeth Josephine "Jo" Sullivan Loesser is an American soprano and the widow of composer Frank Loesser. Her daughter, Emily Loesser, is also a singer-actress. 
Born in Mounds, Illinois, Jo Sullivan played Polly Peachum in Marc Blitzstein's legendary English-language adaptation of "The Threepenny Opera" by Kurt Weill and Bertolt Brecht off-Broadway in 1954. On Broadway, she starred in her future husband's masterpiece "The Most Happy Fella" (1956) as "Rosabella", alongside Robert Weede and Susan Johnson, which earned her a 1957 Tony Award nomination as Best Featured Actress in a Musical. 
She married Loesser on April 29, 1959; they had two children, Hannah (1962–2007) and Emily (born 1965). She also appeared as herself in an "original special" on Broadway, called "Let's Make An Opera" (1950), which boasted music by Benjamin Britten, a libretto by Eric Crozier, musical direction by Norman Del Mar, and was directed by Marc Blitzstein.
In the summer of 1951 she played Dorothy Gale in The Municipal Opera Association of St. Louis production of "The Wizard of Oz", opposite Margaret Hamilton, who reprised her film role of the Wicked Witch of the West. In 1992, Jo Loesser's daughter, Emily, played the same role at The Municipal Opera Association of St. Louis, the first time in Muny history a role has been played by both mother and daughter. Sullivan later reprised her role in the 1953 production at the Kansas City Starlight Theatre.
She has also appeared on numerous recordings, such as "Loesser by Loesser" (alongside her daughter, Emily) as well as several albums for Ben Bagley's celebrated "Revisited" series on Painted Smiles Records (most notably "Kurt Weill Revisited", "Leonard Bernstein Revisited", and "Frank Loesser Revisited".)
Since her husband's death in 1969, she has managed the Frank Loesser estate, which has included guiding production of all of his musicals, including "Guys and Dolls", "How To Succeed In Business Without Really Trying" and "The Most Happy Fella".

</doc>
<doc id="2911235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911235" title="Elisabeth Jordán">
Elisabeth Jordán

Elisabeth Jordán (born 26 August 1983 Cartagena, Spain) started her professional career on the television program "Popstars, todo por un sueño", the Spanish version of "Popstars". She won, after never having been nominated for exclusion, and joined the band Bellepop.
After recording an album with Bellepop and touring, she joined the television series "Un Paso Adelante" and the band Upa Dance.

</doc>
<doc id="2911237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911237" title="Patrick G. Halpin">
Patrick G. Halpin

Patrick Goodchild Halpin (born January 18, 1953) was the fifth County Executive of Suffolk County, New York, elected in 1987. He served one term from 1988 through 1991, when he was defeated by Robert J. Gaffney.
Education and career.
Halpin grew up on Long Island and attended St. Joseph's School in Babylon. He attended Old Dominion University in Norfolk, Virginia, where he earned a B.A. degree in political science and economics. After college he was a political campaign volunteer and became a campaign staffer for Tom Downey, who was first elected to the United States House of Representatives in 1974. He later became a congressional aide for Downey.
Halpin's own political career began at age 26 in 1979, when he was elected to represent the 13th District of the Suffolk County Legislature. In 1982, Halpin won the New York State Assembly seat for the 9th District, becoming the first Democrat in 116 years to be elected to the Assembly from that area. During his three terms in office, he chaired the Standing Committee on Ethics and the Long Island Marine Resources subcommittee.
In 1987 at the age of 34, Halpin was elected Suffolk County Executive, the youngest in the county's history. His achievements include instituting the drug education program DARE; an anti-domestic violence program; a homeless housing initiative; and a nationally-recognized open space and environmental program.
Halpin is currently an Executive Vice President at the Institute for Student Achievement, located in Lake Success on Long Island. The Institute works in partnership with schools to help low-performing students stay in school, graduate and go on to college, work, other post-secondary education or job training. He has been with the organization since 1994.
Halpin also hosts Cablevision's "Meet the Leaders", a public affairs talk show. He has also worked as a lobbyist under the business name Halpin Public Affairs, LLC.
Personal life.
Remarried

</doc>
<doc id="2911238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911238" title="Kingston upon Thames Council election, 2002">
Kingston upon Thames Council election, 2002

Elections to Kingston upon Thames Council were held on 2 May 2002. The whole council was up for election with boundary changes reducing the number of councillors by two since the last election in 1998. The Liberal Democrats took overall control of the council.

</doc>
<doc id="2911239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911239" title="Ian Billcliff">
Ian Billcliff

Ian Shaw Billcliff (born October 26, 1972) is a Canadian cricketer. Though born in Canada, he grew up in New Zealand.
Billcliff made his debut in first-class cricket in 1991 for Otago in New Zealand domestic cricket, and in 1992 he played twice for the New Zealand Under-19 team. He later played for Wellington from 1995 to 1997, and then for Auckland from 1997 to 1999. After leaving Auckland, he played club cricket in England in the Surrey League.
Billcliff became interested in playing a season in Canada and got in contact with the Canadian cricket president via an ICC Development Manager. 
Having revealed his place-of-birth, he was immediately chosen for Canada's squad in the 2001 ICC Trophy, and was an important part of the team who achieved a third place finish, thus progressing to the World Cup. He made important contributions in the World Cup matches, including a 42 in the match against Bangladesh, and a 71 in the match against Kenya.
Since the 2003 World Cup he has played just two One Day Internationals for Canada, against Bermuda in August 2006. He has played in other tournaments for Canada though, including the 2005 ICC Trophy, the ICC Americas Championship in 2004 and 2006, and three ICC Intercontinental Cup matches. He has also captained Canada on occasion.
Billcliff continued to play cricket in New Zealand, but only in club cricket in Auckland where he has played for Cornwall In the 2006-07 season, he played for the newly formed University/Ellerslie club, a merger between Auckland University Cricket Club and Ellerslie Cricket Club [http://www.times.co.nz/cms/sport/sports_news/2006/09/art100013275.php.
He is currently a physical education teacher at Auckland Grammar School.

</doc>
<doc id="2911245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911245" title="Michael Mason (cricketer)">
Michael Mason (cricketer)

Michael James Mason (born 27 August 1974) currently living in Pahiatua is a New Zealand cricketer, born in Carterton. He plays Test and One Day Internationals for New Zealand. He plays domestic cricket for Central Districts. He has recently recovered from an operation on a hernia during late 2008, and is back playing domestic cricket.He is also signed by the Kings XI Punjab for the Pepsi IPL 2013 as a replacement for the injured Ryan Harris
He was part of the New Zealand squad for the 2007 Cricket World Cup.
New Zealand tour of England.
Michael Mason was part of the New Zealand squad for the tour of England in 2008.
He took 3 wickets against Essex and was 12th man against England Lions.
NZ A Match.
In 2009, Mason was part of the NZ A match vs the England Lions at Pukekura Park. NZ won with 227 but England only got 143.

</doc>
<doc id="2911254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911254" title="Holt McDougal">
Holt McDougal

Holt McDougal is an American publishing company, a division of Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, that specializes in textbooks for use in secondary schools. Holt, Rinehart & Winston was a division of Harcourt Education. When owner Reed Elsevier sold Harcourt to Houghton Mifflin in 2008, Holt, Rinehart and Winston was combined with McDougal Littell to form Holt McDougal.
Holt McDougal publishes textbooks on mathematics, language arts, social studies, science, health, and world language (French, Spanish, and German). They have also published children's books for the Weekly Reader Book Club, including Sweet Pickles, Fraggle Rock, and Snoopy. This American publishing company is based out of Dumfries, NC.

</doc>
<doc id="2911284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911284" title="John Tiptoft, 1st Baron Tiptoft">
John Tiptoft, 1st Baron Tiptoft

John Tiptoft, 1st Baron Tiptoft (died 27 January 1443) was a Knight of the Shire for Huntingdonshire and Somerset, Speaker of the House of Commons, Treasurer of the Household, Chief Butler of England, Treasurer of the Exchequer and Seneschal of Landes and Aquitaine.
Early life.
This English nobleman was the eldest son and heir of Sir Pain Tiptoft (c.1413) by his spouse, Agnes, née Wrothe (d.bef.1413). He was Lord of the Manors of Burwell and Eversden, in Cambridgeshire. In 1413 he was heir to his first cousin, Elizabeth Wrothe, wife of Sir William Palton, Kt., by which he inherited the manors of Nether Wallop, Hampshire, Worcesters (in Enfield), Middlesex, and Redlynch (in Downton, Wiltshire).
Career.
He was knighted in 1399. He was returned to Parliament as knight of the shire for Huntingdonshire in January and October, 1404 and again in 1406, when he was elected Speaker of the House of Commons. He represented Somerset in 1414.
He was appointed Treasurer of the Household (1406–1408), Chief Butler of England in 1407, Treasurer of the Exchequer (1408–1409), Seneschal of Aquitaine (1415–1423), Councillor of Regency to Henry VI (1422–1443) and Lord Steward of the Household (1426–1432).
On 7 January 1426 he was summoned to the House of Lords whereby he was created Baron Tiptoft.
Marriage & progeny.
John Tiptoft married twice, leaving progeny by his 2nd marriage only: 
Death & burial.
Sir John, 1st Lord Tiptoft, was buried at Enfield in Middlesex, early in February 1443.

</doc>
<doc id="2911289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911289" title="Daniel Altman">
Daniel Altman

Daniel Altman is an American-born economist and writer. He is the son of Ann (née Körner) and Sidney Altman.
Career.
Altman is a contributing editor and economics columnist for Foreign Policy (magazine), where he also edits the soccer commentary site Midfield General. He is the founder of North Yard Analytics LLC, a consulting firm that analyzes sports data for teams and other clients. He is also a frequent speaker (in English and Spanish) at international conferences on economics and investing. Altman teaches economics as an adjunct professor at the New York University Stern School of Business and serves as Chief Economist of Big Think.
Altman was formerly Director of Thought Leadership at Dalberg Global Development Advisors. He also worked for many years as a full-time economic journalist, most recently as the global economics columnist of the "International Herald Tribune". Previously, he had been one of the youngest-ever members of the editorial board of "The New York Times", under then-editor Howell Raines. He was also on the staff of "The Economist". Outside of journalism, he served as an economic advisor to the British government in 2003 and 2004.
His fourth book, "Outrageous Fortunes: The Twelve Surprising Trends That Will Reshape the Global Economy" was published in January 2011 by Times Books. His previous books are "Power in Numbers: UNITAID, Innovative Financing, and the Quest for Massive Good", co-authored with Philippe Douste-Blazy and published in 2010 by PublicAffairs; "Neoconomy: George Bush's Revolutionary Gamble with America's Future", also published by PublicAffairs, in 2004; and "Connected: 24 Hours in the Global Economy", published by Farrar, Straus and Giroux in 2007. Both "Outrageous Fortunes" and "Connected" have been translated into many languages, including Chinese, Korean, Portuguese, and Spanish.
Mr. Altman received his A.B. "magna cum laude", A.M. and Ph.D. in Economics from Harvard University. While at Harvard, he was Editorial Board Chair of "The Harvard Crimson".

</doc>
<doc id="2911307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911307" title="Shayne O'Connor">
Shayne O'Connor

Shayne Barry O'Connor (born 15 November 1973 in Hastings) played 19 Tests and 38 One Day Internationals for New Zealand, he retired from all cricket after the 2003 Cricket World Cup.
O'Connor also played for Central Otago in the Hawke Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="2911322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911322" title="Basilica of Sant'Agostino">
Basilica of Sant'Agostino

Sant'Agostino is a church in Rome, Italy, not far from Piazza Navona. It is one of the first Roman churches built during the Renaissance. The construction was funded by Guillaume d'Estouteville, Archbishop of Rouen and Papal Chancellor. The façade was built in 1483 by Giacomo di Pietrasanta, using travertine taken from the Colosseum. It is a fine, plain work of the 
early Renaissance style.
Sant'Agostino was once noted for the presence of a number of courtesans and prostitutes in its congregation.
Artwork.
The most famous work of art presently in the church is the "Madonna di Loreto", an important Baroque painting by Caravaggio. The church also contains a Guercino canvas of "Saints Augustine, John the Evangelist and Jerome"; a fresco of the "Prophet Isaiah" by Raphael; and the statues of the "s.Anna and Virgin with Child", by Andrea Sansovino and of the "Madonna del Parto" (Our Lady of Childbirth) by his pupil, Jacopo Sansovino. The latter sculpture is reputed by tradition to work miracles and was, according to a legend, based on an ancient statue of Agrippina holding Nero in her arms. In 1616, the 17th-century Baroque artist Giovanni Lanfranco decorated the Buongiovanni Chapel (in the left transept) with three canvasses and a ceiling fresco of the Assumption. The church also houses Melchiorre Caffà's sculpture "St. Thomas of Villanova Distributing Alms", completed by his mentor Ercole Ferrata. Pietro Bracci designed and sculpted the polychromatic tomb of Cardinal Giuseppe Renato Imperiali (1741).
Tombs.
The church contains the tomb of Saint Monica, mother of Saint Augustine, that of Fiammetta, lover of Cesare Borgia and a famous courtesan, and that of Olav Trondson, archbishop of Norway 1459 - 1473. His tombstone has the inscription "CVI DEDERAT SACRAM MERITO NORVEGIA SEDEM HIC TEGIT OLAVI FRIGIDVS OSSA LAPIS", meaning: Olav, who Norway gave the holy chair. Here is his bones under the cold stone"
The "Titulus S. Augustini" is held by Cardinal Jean-Pierre Ricard since 2006. Furthermore, it is the station church of the first Saturday in Lent.

</doc>
<doc id="2911323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911323" title="Blast! (musical)">
Blast! (musical)

Blast! is a Broadway production created by James Mason for Cook Group Incorporated, the director and organization formerly operating the Star of Indiana Drum and Bugle Corps. It was the 2001 Winner of the Tony Award for "Best Special Theatrical Event" and also won the 2001 Emmy Award for "Best Choreography".
"Blast!"'s instrumentation is exclusively brass and percussion, a nod to the show's roots in the drum and bugle corps activity. "Blast!"'s performers use trumpets, flugelhorns, mellophones, baritone horns, tubas, trombones (including one on a unicycle during "Gee, Officer Krupke!"), french horns, and a full complement of percussion instruments including snare drums, tenor drums, bass drums, xylophones. vibraphones and marimbas, timpani, and other standard percussion equipment. In addition, "Blast!" adds instruments not normally found in drum corps, such as French horns, concert euphoniums, trombones and bass trombones, didgeridoos and synthesizers. Accompanying the wind and percussion is the Visual Ensemble (or VE for short), a group of dancers who manipulate a variety of props, similar to a color guard.
History.
The Star of Indiana Drum and Bugle Corps, founded in 1984, began competition in the Drum Corps International circuit in 1985 and continued through the 1993 season. Highly successful, it won the 1991 World Championship, and was a respected Midwestern corps. After an historic showing in the 1993 season, the program left the DCI circuit to tour with the Canadian Brass, in a new program dubbed "Brass Theater". On December 14, 1999, "Blast!" premiered at the London Apollo in Hammersmith, and arrived in the United States on August 23, 2000, at the Wang Center in Boston, Massachusetts. On April 17, 2001, "Blast!" opened on Broadway at The Broadway Theatre, and later that year commenced its first national tour starting September 7 in St. Louis, Missouri.
Following the success of the original production, "Blast II Shockwave" was developed and toured the United States in 2002-2003. This production added woodwind instruments. "Shockwave" has not been released on CD or DVD. Additionally, a second sequel, "MIX:Music in Xtreme", debuted in 2006 and toured in Japan in 2008.
A shortened version of the show, called "The Power of BLAST!" played at the America Gardens Theatre at Epcot in Orlando, Florida for the summer of 2001, before moving to the Hyperion Theater in Disney California Adventure Park in Anaheim, California from November 22, 2001 until September 2, 2002.
Musical Numbers.
"Blast!".
Act One.
Overture of color
Violet
Blue
Green
Black
Act Two.
Color Wheel
Yellow
Orange
Red
Recent editions of "Blast!" have omitted "Simple Gifts" and "Gee, Officer Krupke!", and moved "Tangerinamadidge" immediately before "Lemontechno".
"MIX: Music in Xtreme".
Act One
Act Two
"The Power of BLAST!".
Epcot version
Disney's California Adventure version

</doc>
<doc id="2911332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911332" title="San Luigi dei Francesi">
San Luigi dei Francesi

The Church of St. Louis of the French (, , ) is a Roman Catholic church in Rome, not far from Piazza Navona. The church is dedicated to the Virgin Mary, to St. Denis the Areopagite and St. Louis IX, king of France. The church was designed by Giacomo della Porta and built by Domenico Fontana between 1518 and 1589, and completed through the personal intervention of Catherine de' Medici, who donated to it some property in the area. It is the national church in Rome of France. It is a titular church; the current Cardinal-Priest of the "Titulus S. Ludovici Francorum de Urbe" is André Vingt-Trois.
History.
When the Saracens burned the Abbey of Farfa in 898, a group of refugees settled in Rome. Monks remained in Rome even after their abbot Ratfredus (934-936) rebuilt the abbey. By the end of the tenth century, the Abbey of Farfa owned in Rome churches, houses, windmills and vineyards. A bull of Holy Roman Emperor Otto III in 998 confirms the property of three churches: Santa Maria, San Benedetto and the oratorio of San Salvatore. When they ceded their property to the Medici family in 1480, the church of Santa Maria became the church of Saint Louis of the French. Cardinal Giulio di Giuliano de' Medici commissioned Jean de Chenevière to build a church for the French community in 1518. Building was halted when Rome was sacked in 1527, the church was finally completed in 1589 by Domenico Fontana. The interior was restored by Antoine Dérizet between 1749 and 1756.
The foundation "" is responsible for the five French churches in Rome and apartment buildings in Rome and in Loreto. The foundation is governed by an "administrative deputy" named by the French ambassador to the Holy See.
Exterior.
Giacomo della Porta made the façade as a piece of decorative work entirely independent of the body of the structure, a method much copied later. The French character is evident from the façade itself, which has several statues recalling national history: these include Charlemagne, St. Louis, St. Clothilde and St. Jeanne of Valois. The interior also has frescoes by Charles-Joseph Natoire recounting stories of Saint Louis IX, Saint Denis and Clovis.
Interior.
Domenichino painted here one of his masterworks, the frescoes portraying the "Histories of Saint Cecilia". Other artists who worked in the decoration of San Luigi dei Francesi include Cavalier D'Arpino, Francesco Bassano il Giovane, Muziano, Giovanni Baglione, Siciolante da Sermoneta, Jacopino del Conte, Tibaldi and Antoine Derizet.
The church's most famous item is, however, the cycle of paintings in the Contarelli Chapel, painted by the Baroque master Caravaggio in 1599-1600 about the life of St. Matthew. This include the three world-renowned canvases of "The Calling of St Matthew", "The Inspiration of Saint Matthew", "The Martyrdom of Saint Matthew".
Burials.
The church was chosen as the burial place for the higher prelates and members of the French community of Rome: these include the tomb of Pauline de Beaumont, who died of consumption in Rome in 1805, erected by her lover Chateaubriand, the classic liberal economist Frédéric Bastiat, Cardinal François-Joachim de Pierre de Bernis, ambassador in Rome for Louis XV and Louis XVI, and Henri Cleutin the French lieutenant in 16th-century Scotland.
Trivia.
This church is where Martin Luther stayed when he came to Rome for his trial, which was held at the church of Santa Maria sopra Minerva which is on the other side of the Pantheon.
San Luigi dei Francesi Building.
Adjacent to the church is the late-Baroque San Luigi dei Francesi Building. It was built in 1709-1716 as a place to stay for the French religious community and pilgrims without resources". Its porch has a bust of Christ whose face is traditionally identified as Cesare Borgia's. The interior houses a gallery with portraits of the French kings and a notable Music Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="2911339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911339" title="British Rail Class 70 (electric)">
British Rail Class 70 (electric)

The British Rail Class 70 was a class of three 3rd rail Co-Co electric locomotives. The initial two were built by the Southern Railway at Ashford Works in 1941 and 1945 and were numbered CC1 and CC2 - the Southern Railway latterly preferring French practice for locomotive numbers which also gave an indication of the wheel arrangement. Electrical equipment was designed by Alfred Raworth and the body & bogies by Oliver Bulleid. CC2 was modified slightly from the original design by C. M. Cock who had succeeded Raworth as Electrical Engineer. The third was built by British Railways in 1948 and numbered 20003.
Southern Railway nos. CC1 and CC2.
Externally, it was clear the cab design owed a lot to Southern experience with the 2HAL multiple unit design. It has even been suggested that (in true Southern tradition) this was because the jigs for the welded cabs already existed and thus made for speedy and cheap construction. At the outbreak of war in 1939, most construction projects were put on hold in favour of the war effort. Construction of CC1 and CC2 was exempted from this because of promised savings in labour and fuel over steam locomotives. Construction was not smooth however and was brought to a halt several times due to shortage of resource.
After nationalisation in 1948, British Railways renumbered them 20001 and 20002 respectively.
British Railways no. 20003.
The third member of the class, 20003 from new, was built at Brighton. S. B. Warder (later to become Chief Electrical Engineer of the British Transport Commission and architect of the UK 25 kV AC overhead system still in use today) was by then Southern Railway's Electrical Engineer and he modified the design somewhat. Although counted as the same class, 20003 was markedly different externally to its two earlier sisters, being 2 inches (5 cm) longer with flat 4SUB-like cab ends, arguably simpler (and therefore cheaper) design than the earlier two. Equipment changes added 5 tons to the earlier 100-ton design.
Headcodes.
All three locomotives were equipped with stencil headcodes, but as it quickly became apparent that suitable headcodes for freight workings did not exist (nor did the combination of two numbers only at that time, provide the scope) they were also fitted with six steam locomotive style discs at each end so that standard codes could be displayed. With standardisation came a whole set of new two-character codes with letters as well, and all three locomotives were fitted with roller-blind headcodes and the discs removed.
Technical details.
The class soon proved their worth. The six traction motors providing 1470 hp allowed them to handle 1000-ton freight and 750-ton passenger trains with ease.
Booster control.
Being much shorter than the predominant multiple units, electric locomotives can suffer from a problem known as "gapping" - becoming marooned between supplies at breaks in the electrical supply and snatching at the couplings whilst moving as they come on and off the power. The latter places undue stress on couplings and has been known to cause separations of a train. Raworth overcame this by having a motor-generator set with a large flywheel on the shaft between the two. The traction current, instead of feeding the traction motors directly through the control assembly, powered a large motor which turned a shaft with the flywheel and fed into the generator. The output of the generator could be combined with the 3rd rail power to reduce or boost the voltage applied to the traction motors. With the generator output polarity reversed, the control assembly could deliver around 1200 V DC by combining the generator output with the 650 V from the 3rd rail to give positive 650 V "and" negative 500-600 V - leading to the nickname "boosters". The flywheel ensured the generator continued to turn whilst no current was available from the 3rd rail, thus ensuring a continuous supply to the traction motors. 
Even while stationary, Class 70 produced a noticeable droning noise due to the booster-set turning inside the body. Two booster sets were fitted in each locomotive, one for each bogie. It was not sufficient to allow the locomotives to work "off the juice" as the load on the generator whilst under power meant it would quickly consume the stored kinetic energy. They needed attentive driving, to ensure they were not brought to a halt on a gap and the booster set allowed to run down. 
There were losses incurred in the conversion of electrical energy to kinetic and back again, but Raworth mitigated this in the control mechanism. Instead of having large, heavily built resistances in the power lines for the motors, the 26 taps on the throttle changed resistances in the field coils of the generator. These correspondingly made the construction much lighter and more easily maintained. Instead of "burning-up" unrequired power, the throttle simply altered how much power was generated.
Other features.
All three were fitted with a tram-style pantograph to allow them to work from overhead lines erected in some yards (notably Hither Green marshalling yard, South East London) where it was deemed too dangerous to have 3rd rail with staff constantly at track level, particularly in wartime blackout. The pantograph was recessed into a cut-out on the roof when not in use, to keep within the loading gauge.
The locomotives were fitted with electrically powered train heating boilers to generate steam for train heating.
Successor and withdrawal.
The class formed a "proof-of-concept" for booster-based electric locomotives. Although thought of as prototypes for the later Class 71, which used the same concept, the latter differed greatly in its design and construction, being based on Swiss practice.
All three were withdrawn in the winter of 1968/1969 without receiving TOPS numbers, although 20001 received BR "Rail Blue" for its final years. None survived to preservation.

</doc>
<doc id="2911349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911349" title="Central tolerance">
Central tolerance

Central tolerance is the mechanism by which newly developing T cells and B cells are rendered non-reactive to self. The concept of central tolerance was proposed in 1959 by Joshua Lederberg, as part of his general theory of immunity and tolerance, and is often mistakenly attributed to MacFarlane Burnet. Lederberg hypothesized that it is the age of the lymphocyte that defines whether an antigen that is encountered will induce tolerance, with immature lymphocytes being tolerance sensitive. Lederberg's theory that self-tolerance is 'learned' during lymphocyte development was a major conceptual contribution to immunology, and it was experimentally substantiated in the late 1980s when tools to analyze lymphocyte development became available. Central tolerance is distinct from peripheral tolerance in that it occurs while developing immune cells are still present in the primary lymphoid organs (the thymus and bone-marrow), prior to export into the periphery. Such peripheral tolerance is generated after the cells reach the periphery by regulatory T cells. Such regulatory T cells can be considered both central tolerance "and" peripheral tolerance mechanisms, as they can be generated from self(or foreign)-reactive T cells in the thymus (during T cell differentiation), but can also exert immune suppression in the periphery on other self(or foreign)-reactive T cells.
Requirement for central tolerance.
At first, all T and B cell precursors have an identical genome, but then receptor variety is generated by a combination of 3 mechanisms. The first mechanism is the combination of the alpha- and beta-chain for the T cell receptor (TCR), or of the heavy and light chain for the B cell receptor (BCR), each encoded by 2 different gene copies - the unused copy gets inactivated. T cell and B cell receptor genes contain multiple gene segments (the V, D, and J segments) which need to be physically rearranged by somatic gene rearrangement - called V(D)J-recombination - to make a functional gene. At the site of segment recombination, additional bases will be inserted, which results in additional diversity - called junctional diversity - and gives rise to the complementary determining regions (CDR). These random combinations and base insertions allow the creation of T cell receptors and antibodies against antigens which the host has never encountered during its evolutionary history, and is thus a powerful defense against rapidly evolving pathogens. Conversely, the random nature of junctional diversity creates, by chance, a population of T cells and B cells that are self-reactive (i.e., recognize an antigen which is a constituent component of the host).
In mammals, central tolerance is established in the thymus (T cells) and bone marrow (B cells). These are the two primary lymphoid organs where T cells and B cells mature. During the maturation phases of both T cells and B cells, the cells are sensitive to self-antigens. Unlike mature peripheral lymphocytes, which become activated upon encountering their specific antigen, the immature lymphocytes respond to antigen stimulation by undergoing a rewiring of cellular processes. The response to antigen at this stage depends on the properties of the antigen, the cell type, and the developmental stage, and can lead to the cell becoming non-responsive (anergic), undergoing directed suicide (negative selection), altering its antigen receptor (receptor editing), or entering a regulatory lineage.
As this tolerance is dependent on encountering self-antigens during maturation, lymphocytes can only develop central tolerance towards those antigens present in primary lymphoid organs. In the case of B cells, this is limited to ubiquitous and bone-marrow specific antigens and additional antigens imported by circulation (either as raw antigens or presented by circulating dendritic cells). The thymus has an additional source of antigen through the action of the transcription factor AIRE, which allows the expression of organ-specific antigens such as insulin in the thymus.
Mechanisms of central tolerance.
B cell tolerance.
The recognition of antigens by the immature B cells in the bone marrow is critical to the development of immunological tolerance to self. This process produces a population of B cells that do not recognize self-antigens but may recognize antigens derived from pathogens (non-self).
Immature B cells expressing only surface IgM molecules undergo negative selection by recognizing self-molecules present in the bone marrow. This antigen induced loss of cells from the B cell repertoire is known as clonal deletion. B cells may encounter two types of antigen, multivalent cell surface antigens or low valence soluble antigens:
Even if mature self-reacting B cells were to survive intact, they would very rarely be activated. This is because B cells need co-stimulatory signals from T cells as well as the presence of its recognized antigen to proliferate and produce antibodies (Peripheral tolerance). If mature peripheral B cells encounter multivalent antigen (e.g. cell surfaces) they are eliminated via apoptosis. If mature B cells recognize soluble antigen in the periphery in the absence of T cell help, they lose surface IgM receptors and become anergic.
T cell tolerance.
T cells are selected for survival much more rigorously than B cells. They undergo both positive and negative selection to produce T cells that recognize self- major histocompatibility complex (MHC) molecules but do not recognize self-peptides. T cell tolerance is induced in the thymus
Positive selection occurs in the thymic cortex. This process is primarily mediated by thymic epithelial cells, which are rich in surface MHC molecules. If a maturing T cell is able to bind to a surface MHC molecule in the thymus, it is saved from programmed cell death; those cells failing to recognize MHC on thymic epithelial cells will die. Thus, positive selection ensures that T cells only recognize antigen in association with MHC. This is important because one of the primary functions of T cells is to identify and respond to infected host cells as opposed to extracellular pathogens. The process of positive selection also determines whether a T cell ultimately becomes a CD4+ cell or a CD8+ cell: prior to positive selection, all thymocytes are double positive (CD4+CD8+) i.e. bear both co-receptors. During positive selection they are transformed into either CD4+CD8- or CD8+CD4- T cells depending on whether they recognize MHC II or MHC I, respectively.
T cells may also undergo negative selection in a process analogous to the induction of self-tolerance in B cells, this occurs in the cortex, at the cortico-medullary junction, and the medulla (mediated in the medulla predominately by medulary thymic epithelial cells (mTECs) and dendritic cells). mTEC display "self" antigens to developing T-cells and signal those "self-reactive" T-cells to die via programmed cell death (apoptosis) and thereby deleted from the T cell repertoire. This process is highly dependent on the ectopic expression of tissue specific antigens (TSAs) which is regulated by AIRE (the Autoimmune Regulator).
This clonal deletion of T cells in the thymus cannot eliminate every potentially self-reactive T cell; T cells that recognize proteins only found at other sites in the body or only at certain times of development (e.g. after puberty) must be inactivated in the periphery. In addition, many self reactive T cells may not have sufficient affinity (binding strength) for the self antigen to be deleted in the thymus.
Regulatory T cells are another group of T cells maturing in the thymus, they are also involved with immune regulation but are not directly involved in central tolerance.
Genetic diseases caused by defects in central tolerance.
Genetic defects in central tolerance can lead to autoimmunity.

</doc>
<doc id="2911350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911350" title="CSAO">
CSAO

CSAO may refer to:
Companies.
Conrail Shared Assets Operations, an American railroad company
Organisations.
Club du Sahel et de l’Afrique de l’Ouest, a development organization from the Sahel.

</doc>
<doc id="2911366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911366" title="Barred danio">
Barred danio

The barred danio ("Devario pathirana") is a fish belonging to the minnow family (Cyprinidae). Originating in Sri Lanka, this fish grows to a maximum length of 2 inches (6 cm).
In the wild, the barred danio is understood to be critically endangered, but is freely available from captive-bred stock. Typically, the fish prefer water with a 6.0-8.0 pH, a water hardness of 5.0-19.0 dGH, and an ideal temperature range of 69-79°F (20-26°C). Its diet consists of annelid worms, small crustaceans, and insects. The barred danio is oviparous (an egg layer), and is found mostly in the Nilwala River basin.

</doc>
<doc id="2911370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911370" title="Martin Donnelly (cricketer)">
Martin Donnelly (cricketer)

Martin Paterson Donnelly (17 October 1917 – 22 October 1999) was a New Zealand Test cricketer and England Rugby Union player.
Born in Ngaruawahia, New Zealand, Donnelly's twin brother Maurice died in the Spanish flu epidemic in 1918. His sporting talent emerged quickly and Donnelly became known for his batting and fielding skills, as well as his prowess at Rugby Union. While still a student at New Plymouth Boys' High School, Donnelly made 49 for Taranaki against the touring MCC side in January 1936. This led to his first-class debut in January 1936 for Wellington in a Plunket Shield match against Auckland, in which he made 22 and 38.
Aged only 19, Donnelly was a surprise selection for the 1937 New Zealand tour of England, having played only one first-class match. After showing more promise than results in the warm up matches, the selectors showed patience and Donnelly made his Test debut in the 1st Test at Lord's. He made a duck and 21, but remained in the team to make 4 and 37*, and 58 and 0 in the following two Tests. He achieved greater success against the county sides, finishing second in the batting averages, and earned praise from "Wisden", which called him "a star in the making".
Returning to New Zealand, Donnelly moved to Christchurch in 1938 to attend the University of Canterbury and play for Canterbury. While there, he won the Redpath Cup as the best batsman in the Plunket Shield in 1939. He also played rugby for Canterbury University, the Canterbury Provincial XV, and for New Zealand Universities. At the completion of his degree, Donnelly returned to Wellington but played only one more first-class match before enlisting in the New Zealand Army in 1940. Commissioned in 1941, he served as a tank commander in northern Africa and Italy, rising to the rank of Major. While in Cairo, he purchased what would become his lucky cap, an old multi-striped number, that he would wear whenever he took the field in his post-war cricketing career.
At war's end, Donnelly was a member of the Dominions side that played an England XI at Lord's in 1945, making 133, including a six hit onto the roof of the pavilion, before going up to Worcester College, Oxford to read History. He played cricket for Oxford University in 1946, scoring six centuries, and then as captain in 1947. He headed the Oxford batting averages each year, gained a reputation as the best left-hander in the world, and won selection as Wisden Cricketer of the Year in 1948. He also played rugby for the University team, achieving success as a fly half, and, less successfully, as centre in the English national rugby side for their match against Ireland at Lansdowne Road in Dublin in 1947.
Following his graduation from Oxford, Donnelly commenced working for Courtaulds while playing cricket for Warwickshire County Cricket Club. He continued to impress observers with his attacking style of play, including former champion C B Fry, who believed Donnelly to be the best left-handed batsman he had seen. In 1960, Neville Cardus confirmed his opinion that Donnelly was the finest left-handed foreign batsman to play in England since World War II. Donnelly's favourite shot, a legside flick off the pads, often had spectators gasping in admiration, while some commentators suggested he was the best cover-point of all time. In 1948, playing for Warwickshire against Middlesex, he was bowled by left-arm spinner Jack Young from the wrong side of the stumps, the ball having bounced off his foot and over his head before landing behind the stumps and spinning back to dislodge the bails.
On this form, Donnelly was chosen for the 1949 New Zealand tour of England, where he continued to enhance his reputation, making 462 runs in the Test series at 77.00, including scores of 64, 206, 75 and 80. Donnelly's 206 at Lord's was the first Test double century by a New Zealander and remained the highest New Zealand Test score until Bert Sutcliffe's 230* against India at Delhi in 1955/56.
The 1949 series would prove to be the end of Donnelly's Test career. After four first-class matches in 1950, Courtaulds transferred the newly married Donnelly to their Sydney office to assume a managerial role. He developed a preference to fishing over cricket, and played his last first-class match in New Zealand in 1961. In all, Donnelly played just seven Tests, all in England, making 582 runs at 52.90.
A short man (his nickname was Squib), Donnelly is one of only two cricketers (along with Percy Chapman) to have scored centuries at Lord's in each of the three "classic matches": Test matches (206 for New Zealand against England in 1949), Gentlemen versus Players (scoring 162 for the Gentlemen in 1947) and the University Match (scoring 142 for Oxford against Cambridge in 1946).
Despite having played only 13 of his 131 first-class matches in New Zealand, and in only 7 Test matches, none of which were in New Zealand, he was elevated to the New Zealand Sports Hall of Fame in 1990 and died in Sydney on 22 October 1999, survived by his wife, three sons and one daughter.
Donnelly House, one of four houses at New Plymouth Boys' High School is named in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="2911381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911381" title="James Edward Zimmerman">
James Edward Zimmerman

James Edward Zimmerman (February 19, 1923 – August 4, 1999) was born in Lantry, South Dakota. He was a coinventor of the radio-frequency superconducting quantum interference device (SQUID) and he is credited with coining the term.
Career.
While at NIST, Jim introduced two important innovations in SQUID magnetometry:
In addition, in the late 70's and early 80's, he also gave a major contribution
to the development of low-power closed-cycle Stirling refrigerators,
to reach temperatures in the range 4K - 8K with the purpose of cooling
SQUID devices and small-scale superconducting electronics without resorting to
liquid helium dewar vessels.
A major achievement was the use of plastic parts made in the laboratory,
which would be assembled in a totally non-magnetic cryocooler (refrigerator),
in order not to interfere with highly sensitive SQUID's.
Later, he was also involved in the development of pulse-tube cryocoolers.
Education.
South Dakota School of Mines and Technology, B.S. Electrical Engineering 1943 <br>
Carnegie Institute of Technology, ScD Physics 1951 – 1953
Awards.
NIST Fellow <br>
Samuel Wesley Stratton Award, the highest award for scientific achievement conferred by NIST <br>
In 1987 he became one of the first to make a SQUID using the newly discovered high-temperature superconductors.
Trivia.
On New Year's Eve of 1969, he participated in an historic experiment, conducted at MIT in collaboration with David Cohen and Edgar Edelsak recording the first human magnetocardiogram using a SQUID sensor.

</doc>
<doc id="2911397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911397" title="TWS">
TWS

TWS may stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="2911399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911399" title="Linton, New Zealand">
Linton, New Zealand

Linton is a suburb of Palmerston North, situated 11km south-west of the city.
Facilities.
It is home to the Linton Military Camp, which is the largest army camp in New Zealand. 
It was built in 1945 3.5 kilometres to the north-east of Palmerston North. It became the country’s second largest base in 1985 when the permanent force at Singapore was relocated there. More units have transferred from Auckland and Waioru
Manawatu Prison is in Linton.
Linton is home to:
Population.
The population count in 2001 was 1,512.In the 2013 census Linton has shed 24.7 per cent of its population, or 441 people.
[http://www2.stats.govt.nz/domino/external/web/CommProfiles.nsf/FindInfobyArea/561820-au]
History.
Linton is named for James Linton, an early settler in the area and also twice Mayor of Palmerston North.
Scotsman James Linton was one of the first European settlers in Palmerston. He and his wife Sarah arrived on horseback from Wairarapa early in 1871. Linton served as mayor of Palmerston North 1879-82 and 1884-5, and was a director and ardent promoter of the Wellington and Manawatu Railway Company.
Today Linton is best known for the army camp. But the site first planned as Linton township is several kilometres away from there.
Only the school and a few houses now provide clues to where the Wellington and Manawatu Railway Company decided that the next stop on their Wellington ‒ Longburn railway line would be. Along with several other directors of this private company, James Linton was honoured by having a railway station settlement on the line named after him. The line, opened in 1886, was a successful venture, but the Linton township did not develop.
The site of the Linton Military Camp was bought by the New Zealand Government in October 1941. Tents for the 2 Field Regiment formed the first accommodation on this site in February 1942, but within six months the first prefabricated huts were being built. The first housing blocks for officers were constructed in 1955. It was in 1985 that Linton Military Camp became New Zealand’s largest, when the permanent force then stationed in Singapore was withdrawn and accommodated at Linton. It has grown even bigger since then with the transfer of frontline units from Auckland and Waiouru 
The site purchased for Linton Military Camp included an area by the Manawatu River which had been a major Rangitane Maori village known as Te Kairanga (the place where much food is gathered) but by the 1940s the name was in common use for the district on the other side of the river. Instead the camp took the name of Linton

</doc>
