<doc id="2850121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850121" title="Facing Identification Mark">
Facing Identification Mark

The Facing Identification Mark, or FIM, is a bar code designed by the United States Postal Service to assist in the automated processing of mail. The FIM is a set of vertical bars printed on the envelope or postcard near the upper edge, just to the left of the postage area (the area where the postage stamp or its equivalent is placed). The FIM is intended for use primarily on preprinted envelopes and postcards and is applied by the company printing the envelopes or postcards, not by the USPS.
The FIM is a nine-bit code consisting of ones (vertical bars) and zeroes (blank spaces). The following four codes are in use:
The FIM serves the following purposes. It allows the proper facing of mail for cancellation. It also identifies the manner in which postage is paid (e.g., business reply mail or Information Based Indicia (IBI) postage) and whether that business reply mail has a POSTNET bar code. If the POSTNET bar code is present, the mail can be sent directly to a barcode sorter.
The four codes have the following uses:

</doc>
<doc id="2850124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850124" title="Fleming's left-hand rule for motors">
Fleming's left-hand rule for motors

Fleming's left-hand rule (for motors), and Fleming's right-hand rule (for generators) are a pair of visual mnemonics. They were originated by John Ambrose Fleming, in the late 19th century, as a simple way of working out the direction of motion in an electric motor, or the direction of electric current in an electric generator.
When current flows in a wire, and an external magnetic field is applied across that flow, the wire experiences a force perpendicular both to that field and to the direction of the current flow. A left hand can be held, as shown in the illustration, so as to represent three mutually orthogonal axes on the thumb, first finger and middle finger. Each finger is then assigned to a quantity (mechanical force, magnetic field and electric current). The right and left hand are used for generators and motors respectively.
Mnemonics.
Several memory aids have been used in order to remember the quantity each finger represents.
Third variant.
Van de Graaff's translation of Fleming's rules is the FBI rule, easily remembered because these are the initials of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
This uses the conventional symbolic parameters of F (for Lorentz force), B (for magnetic flux density) and I (for electric current), and attributing them in that order (FBI) respectively to the thumb, first finger and second finger.
Of course, if the mnemonic is taught (and remembered) with a different arrangement of the parameters to the fingers, it could end up as a mnemonic that also reverses the roles of the two hands (instead of the standard left hand for motors, right hand for generators). These variants are catalogued more fully on the FBI mnemonics page.
Distinction between the right-hand and left-hand rule.
Fleming's left-hand rule is used for electric motors, while Fleming's right-hand rule is used for electric generators.
Different hands need to be used for motors and generators because of the differences between cause and effect. 
In an electric motor, the electric current and magnet field exist (which are the causes), and they lead to the force that creates the motion (which is the effect), and so the left hand rule is used. In an electric generator, the motion and magnetic field exist (causes), and they lead to the creation of the electric current (effect), and so the right hand rule is used.
To illustrate why, consider that many types of electric motors can also be used as electric generators. A vehicle powered by such a motor can be accelerated up to high speed by connecting the motor to a fully charged battery. If the motor is then disconnected from the fully charged battery, and connected instead to a completely flat battery, the vehicle will decelerate. The motor will act as a generator and convert the vehicle's kinetic energy back to electrical energy, which is then stored in the battery. Since neither the direction of motion nor the direction of the magnetic field (inside the motor/generator) has changed, the direction of the electric current in the motor/generator has reversed. This follows from the second law of thermodynamics (the generator current must oppose the motor current, and the stronger current outweighs the other to allow the energy to flow from the more energetic source to the less energetic source).
The rule for motors can be recalled by remembering that "motors drive on the left in Britain". The rule for generators can be recalled by remembering that either the letters "g" and "r" is common to both "right" and "generator", or the phrase "Jenny is always right" ("Genny" being a common shortened version of Generator).
Physical basis for the rules.
When electrons, or any charged particles, flow in the same direction (for example, as an electric current in an electrical conductor, such as a metal wire) they generate a cylindrical magnetic field that wraps round the conductor (as discovered by Hans Christian Ørsted). 
The direction of the induced magnetic field is sometimes remembered by "Maxwell's corkscrew rule". That is, if the conventional current is flowing away from the viewer, the magnetic field runs clockwise round the conductor, in the same direction that a corkscrew would have to turn in order to move away from the viewer. The direction of the induced magnetic field is also sometimes remembered by the right-hand grip rule, as depicted in the illustration, with the thumb showing the direction of the conventional current, and the fingers showing the direction of the magnetic field. The existence of this magnetic field can be confirmed by placing magnetic compasses at various points round the periphery of an electrical conductor that is carrying a relatively large electric current.
If an external magnetic field is applied horizontally, so that it crosses the flow of electrons (in the wire conductor, or in the electron beam), the two magnetic fields will interact. Michael Faraday introduced a visual analogy for this, in the form of imaginary magnetic lines of force: those in the conductor form concentric circles round the conductor; those in the externally applied magnetic field run in parallel lines. If those one side of the conductor are running (from the north to south magnetic pole) in the opposite direction to those surrounding the conductor, they will be deflected so that they pass on the other side the conductor (because magnetic lines of force cannot cross or run contrary to each other). Consequently, there will be a large number of magnetic field lines in a small space on that side of the conductor, and a dearth of them on the original side of the conductor. Since the magnetic field lines of force are no longer straight lines, but curved to run around the electrical conductor, they are under tension (like stretched elastic bands), with energy stored up in the magnetic field. There is therefore a force that is being applied to the only moveable object in the system (the electrical conductor) to expel out of the externally applied magnetic field. This is the reason for torque in an electric motor. (The electric motor is then constructed so that the expulsion of the conductor out of the magnetic field causes it be placed inside the next magnetic field, and for this switching to be continued indefinitely.)
Faraday's Law: the induced electromotive force in a conductor is directly proportional to the rate of change of the magnetic flux in the conductor.

</doc>
<doc id="2850132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850132" title="National Bus Company">
National Bus Company

National Bus Company was an Australian bus operator in Brisbane and Melbourne. Formed in December 1993 by Jim and Carol Bosnjak following the privatisation of some of the Public Transport Corporation's Melbourne bus services, it also held the pair's 57% shareholding in Sydney operator Westbus. In August 1997 it purchased Brisbane operator Bayside Buslines.
In May 1999 National Bus Company was purchased by British coach operator National Express. In September 2004 National Express sold its Melbourne operations to Ventura Bus Lines, and Brisbane operations to Connex. In August 2013 National Bus Company's Melbourne services were transferred to Transdev Melbourne.
Melbourne.
History.
In 1993 the Kennett State Government put the state owned Public Transport Corporation services up for privatisation. The tender was won by Jim Bosnjak and sister in law Carol, who together held 57% of the shares in Sydney operator Westbus.
National Bus Company commenced operations on 27 December 1993 with a fleet of 61 Volvo B59 and 170 MAN SL200 former Public Transport Corporation buses and two depots located at Doncaster and Fitzroy North.
National Bus Company placed an order for 157 Newnham Custom bodied Mercedes-Benz LO812 and O405 buses. The LO812s were introduced under National's plan to introduce bus services in local areas previously not serviced by bus routes, along the lines of the "Nepean Nipper" scheme introduced in 1993 by Westbus in Penrith, the O405s were to replace older buses inherited from the Public Transport Corporation.
In September 2004 the Melbourne operations of National Bus Company were purchased by Ventura Bus Lines. At this time the company operated 268 buses along 44 northern and eastern suburbs bus routes.
In April 2013 Transdev Melbourne won the tender to operate the Melbourne Metropolitan Bus Franchise from August 2013. The franchise operates 30% of Melbourne's services including those of National Bus Company. National Bus Company ceased operating on 3 August 2013.
Fleet.
When operations ceased in August 2013, National Bus Company operated 276 buses. Upon formation in 1993, National Bus Company adopted the same cream and red colours as related company Westbus. It later adopted an all yellow livery before the two shades of blue of Ventura Bus Lines was adopted in 2004.
Brisbane.
In August 1997 National Bus Company purchased the services of Bayside Buslines, Capalaba from Geoff Todd. In September 2004 National Express sold the business to Connex.

</doc>
<doc id="2850135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850135" title="Ari Gold (filmmaker)">
Ari Gold (filmmaker)

Ari Gold is an American filmmaker, actor and musician. His short film "Helicopter", about the aftermath of his mother's death, won him a Student Oscar. His feature debut "Adventures of Power" premiered at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival and made its European debut at the 2008 Karlovy Vary International Film Festival. The film was released in North America by Variance Films/Phase 4 Films. Gold is the son of writer Herbert Gold.
Career.
"Adventures of Power" (2008) is an all-star cult comedy about a mine worker who discovers an underground subculture of air-drummers that has the power to change the world. The film was written and directed by Ari Gold, starring Ari Gold, Michael McKean, Jane Lynch, Shoshannah Stern, Chiu Chi Ling, and Adrian Grenier and featuring Steven Williams, Jimmy Jean-Louis, Annie Golden and Nick Kroll, with a cameo performance by Rush drummer Neil Peart. The film features a soundtrack with original music written by Gold's brother, Ethan Gold, and hits by Rush, Mr. Mister, Judas Priest, Phil Collins, Dazz Band, Loverboy, Bow Wow Wow, and Woody Guthrie. Although the film was not released by a studio, it was influential to several Hollywood comedies such as "The Hangover" and "I Love You, Man". Upon the film's DVD release, Gold collaborated with the VH1 Save the Music Foundation to create Power Saves the Music, a charity auction with rock and roll memorabilia donated by Rush, Aerosmith, Phish, Ringo Starr, Styx, Ween, Weezer, Wilco, and others, to raise funds for school music programs for children.
"Helicopter" (2001)(copyrighted 2000) is a short film dealing with the aftermath of the death of Gold's mother, Melissa Gold, in the helicopter crash that also took the life of rock impresario Bill Graham and pilot Steve Kahn. An experimental narrative combining animated sequences and live action, the film was awarded a Student Oscar and also won awards at SXSW Film Festival and a number of other film festivals.
"Culture" (1999), which Gold directed and starred in, is a 60-second short film, shot entirely in one take with no rehearsal. Gold followed set of self-imposed rules while making the film, including “only black, white, & primary colors may be used” and “the camera must not move.” "Culture" premiered in the United States at the 1999 Sundance Film Festival, and Reel.com called it “the best sixty seconds of film” at that festival. Although "Culture" has no dialogue, it offers a commentary on contemporary film and television.
The comedic short "Frog Crossing" (1996), which Gold co-directed with Jamie Babbit ("But I'm a Cheerleader"), has screened at Sundance Film Festival and was named Best Short at San Antonio Underground Film Festival. In the film, Gold plays a hippie standing by the side of a road, trying to protect the frogs crossing the road during their mating season. Gold's sister Nina also stars in the film.
Music.
Gold is a member of two bands. The Gold Brothers is Gold's newest project. Joined by his brother Ethan Gold on guitar, he sings and plays ukulele.
Gold also sings in the new wave folk band The Honey Brothers. The Honey Brothers started small in 2001 by singing for people on the street corners of New York. Since then, they have released 2 studio albums, 1 live album, and even made a guest appearance on the TV show 90210. The other members of The Honey Brothers are Andrew Vladeck, Daniel Posner, Dan Green, and Adrian Grenier, star of the HBO series "Entourage". (It is rumored that Gold's name was borrowed for the character Ari Gold in the HBO series Entourage.) Gold's brother Ethan Gold is a former member of the band.
Personal Life.
Ari is reportedly living in New York City and previously said to have dated Ms. Amber of Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="2850138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850138" title="Quality Bus Corridor">
Quality Bus Corridor

Quality Bus Corridors (QBC, Irish: "Mórlána Bus") are an initiative to give dedicated road space and traffic signal priority to buses in Dublin, Ireland in order to reduce journey times and improve service consistency. The aim of the initiative is to encourage people to change from cars to buses and thus reduce traffic congestion. The strategy requires close co-ordination between the local authorities, who are responsible for the road changes required, and Dublin Bus who operate the vast majority of bus services. This co-ordination is managed by the National Transport Authority.
The idea for the creation of QBCs first arose back in 1993 when Dublin Bus launched its "CitySwift" service on route 39 to Clonsilla along the Navan Road. This became part of the eventual Blanchardstown QBC some years later.
There are currently sixteen QBCs in Dublin. A 2007 survey by the former Dublin Transportation Office found that bus average journey times in the morning peak were less than the corresponding car average journey times in twelve out of the sixteen QBCs monitored, with it being twice as fast in some cases.
The sixteen Quality Bus Corridors are as follows:
According to the now defunct Dublin Transportation Office, the number of cars entering Dublin's inner city at the canal cordon points reduced by 7849 (21.43%) from November 1997 to November 2004. Conversely the number of bus passengers entering the inner city increased by 15016 (49.17%) during the same period. However between 2003 and 2004 there was a reduction in bus passengers entering the inner city of 7.10%. In part this may be attributable to the introduction of the Luas system, but an increase in car traffic of 5.74% was also noted.
The effectiveness of the QBCs are compromised at various pinch points along the routes. In particular, the routing of the majority of buses on the Lucan routes through Lucan and Chapelizod villages at peak mean that time savings can be frittered away on narrow congested streets filled with school traffic.
In November 2012, three QBCs (Swords, Blanchardstown and Tallaght) were designated for a potential upgrade to bus rapid transit status under the name Swiftway. Public consultation on this matter began on 17th February 2014 and ended on 18th March 2014. Planning permission will be submitted to An Bord Pleanála for the Swords project in late 2014 or early 2015, with Blanchardstown and Tallaght afterwards. The service is expected to be fully operational by 2019. 

</doc>
<doc id="2850141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850141" title="Actuarial Society of South Africa">
Actuarial Society of South Africa

The Actuarial Society of South Africa, is the governing body for the actuarial profession in South Africa.
Fellowship to the Society is now gained by passing the prescribed examinations of the Actuarial Society. This is a new development with the South African qualification in place from 2010. Fellowship was traditionally gained through exams written through other recognised actuarial organisations, mostly the Institute of Actuaries in London or the Faculty of Actuaries in Edinburgh. Fellows may add "FASSA" (Fellow of the Actuarial Society of South Africa) after their names. The FASSA qualification has mutual recognition with the Institute and Faculty of Actuaries, the Institute of Actuaries of Australia and the Society of Actuaries in Ireland.
Past Presidents of the Actuarial Society.
By convention Actuarial Society presidents take office following the AGM at the Conventions, usually held in October or November. In 2001 their term was changed from one to two years and the office of Immediate Past President was abolished. In 2009, the President's term was changed so that the handover occurred at the end of the calendar year.

</doc>
<doc id="2850144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850144" title="Ballyvourney">
Ballyvourney

Ballyvourney (, also spelled ' or ', ), is a Gaeltacht village in south-west County Cork, Ireland. It is a civil parish in the barony of Muskerry West and is also an ecclesiastical parish in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Cloyne
Location and access.
The village stretches along the N22 road which links Cork city (to the south east) with Killarney (to the north west). The nearest large town is Macroom while the nearest international airport is Cork Airport. There is a proposal to construct 22 km of dual carriageway from Coolcour at the eastern side of Macroom, bypassing Macroom to the north and finishing west of Ballyvourney. The project's status, as of September 2011, is still "Preliminary Design"
Physical geography and political subdivisions.
The village lies on the River Sullane:"The river Sullane has its source in the parish, in the mountains bordering on the county of Kerry, and after intersecting it longitudinally pursues an eastern course through the parish of Clondrohid to the town of Macroom, to the east of which, at the distance of a mile, it discharges itself into the river Lee;" 
In this part of Cork, the rivers mainly drain longitudinally from west to east; this is true of the Lee and the Munster Blackwater. In between these rivers lies the valley of the Sullane. To the north of the parish, the Derrynasaggart Mountains and the Boggeragh Mountains separate the valley from the Blackwater valley. To the south, the upland area of Reananerree and the Shehies separate it from the Lee valley. The surrounding district of Muskerry straddles the counties of Cork and Kerry. The highest point in the parish, at 694m, is Mullaghanish () located just northeast of the village.<br>
While it is the western part of the county, it would not be considered to be part of the area informally known as West Cork because it lies north of the river Lee. Neither would it be part of the Golden Vale unlike the rich pasture towns to the north of the Boggeragh mountains (e.g. Charleville). The mountainous terrain and poor quality of the land has instead made it a virtual enclave within the county, best expressed in the old Gaelic tuatha of Muskerry. As the tuatha was relatively less desirable from an economic viewpoint, it may explain why the Gaelic way of life persisted into the 20th century and why Muskerry attained Gaeltacht status.<br>
Bantry Bay is the district's nearest point to the sea. It is accessed by bad minor roads over the Reananerree uplands to the neighbouring Gaeltacht parish of Béal Átha an Ghaorthaidh where the R584 regional road crosses the Lee, passes the Shehy mountains via the Pass of Keimaneigh () (meaning the "pass of the deer's leap") and thence to Ballylickey.
More specifically, it is one of the 24 civil parishes in the barony of Muskerry West. The barony is the namesake of Baron Muskerry. There are 47 townlands in the civil parish.
For electoral purposes, the parish lies in the Rural District of Macroom, in the District electoral division (DED) of An Sliabh Riabhach. Other DEDs within that rural district include Aghinagh, Aglish, Béal Átha an Ghaorthaidh, Cannaway, Ceann Droma, Cill na Martra, Claonráth, Clondrohid, Clonmoyle, Doire Fhínín, Gort na Tiobratan, Greenville, Inchigeelagh, Kilberrihert, Macloneigh, Magourney, Mashanaglass, Na hUláin, Rahalisk and Warrenscourt. The DED is part of the Cork North–West constituency for elections to Dáil Éireann.
History.
Historically, the people of Múscraige had the Corcu Loígde as their overlords. However, they switched allegiance to the Eóganachta and facilitated their rise to power as Kings of Munster. In "Griffith's Valuation of Ireland (1837)", 548 unique records are recorded in the civil parish. Of these, the top 11 surnames accounted for over half over the entries. The top 15 surnames (after aggregating for common misspellings) recorded, from greatest to least, are: Lynch, Keleher, Twomey, Healy, Lucey, Quill, Leehane, Murphy, Riordan, Sweeny, Herlihy, Buckley, McCarthy, Creedon, Dinneen. The townlands with the most recorded surnames, from greatest to least, are: Coolavokig, Derrylahan, Slievereagh, Ballymakeery, Gortnatubbud, Dangansallagh, Derreenaling, Knockanure, Milleeny and Coolea.
Ballyvourney today.
Tourism and culture.
Today, the district gives its name to the Muskerry Gaeltacht which is an officially designated Irish-speaking area. While the inhabitants of the area know Irish well, English has been the predominant household and community language since the 1920s. The area's Gaeltacht status draws visitors - as does its architectural heritage. 
The town is associated with Saint Gobnait and is the site of her abbey, cells and St. Gobnait's Well. Her Pattern Day, February 11, is still celebrated by the community. During a Mass at the well, everyone takes water from it. According to legend, Gobnait was born in County Clare in the 6th century. Fleeing from Clare, she took refuge in the Aran Islands, where she encountered an angel who instructed her to go on a journey. The angel told her that when she came upon nine white deer, that would be her place. Travelling south, she came to Clondrohid where she found three white deer. She followed them to Killeens, Ballymakeera where she saw six more. When she found the nine white deer in Baile Bhuirne, she stayed and founded a convent. The remains of the convent are still the locus of pilgrimage, which while it is ostensibly Christian, may well be pagan in origin.
The composer Seán Ó Riada is buried in the cemetery there. The abbey contains an example of a Sheela na Gig and there are a number of stone circles, stone rows and fulachtaí fia in the area.
The poet Seán Ó Ríordáin was born in the town.
Ballyvourney is also the home of Ionad Cultúrtha which is a regional cultural centre for the traditional and contemporary arts. It holds many music and visual art events.
The village gives its name to an Irish dance figure - the Baile Bhuire Set
Amenities and attractions.
St. Gobnet's Wood is an old 30 ha woodland mainly planted in old Sessile Oak.
The local national school is called "Scoil Aban Naofa" and is named after Aban a saint associated with the area.
The secondary school, "Coláiste Ghobnatan", was formed in 1989 following the merger of "Coláiste Iosagáin" and "Scoil Ghobnatan". According to the school principal, Breandán O Lionáird, "The College is named in honour of Saint Gobnait, patron Saint of Baile Bhúirne and indeed we place all our work under her protection.". The grounds of "Coláiste Íosagáin", a former De La Salle college, was where "Song for a Raggy Boy" was filmed.
The film "The Wind That Shakes the Barley" was also filmed in nearby locations.
The bars and restaurants in the village are "The Mills Inn", "The Abbey Hotel", "The Hibernian" and "The Crúiscín Lán". The Abbey Hotel is built on the site of the former police barracks, an area known as "The Mills" due to the millrace on the Sullane.
Cultural events include:
Economy.
Employment opportunities in Ballyvourney range from agricultural, industrial to hospitality sectors. Údarás na Gaeltachta provide grants for businesses, many of which are situated in Ballyvourney's industrial estate.

</doc>
<doc id="2850161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850161" title="Daṇḍin">
Daṇḍin

Daṇḍin is a 6th-7th century Sanskrit author of prose romances and expounder on poetics. Although he produced literature on his own, most notably the Daśakumāracarita, first translated in 1927 as "Hindoo Tales, or The Adventures of the Ten Princes", he is best known for composing the "Kāvyādarśa" ('Mirror of Poetry'), the handbook of classical Sanskrit poetics, or Kāvya. His writings were all in Sanskrit. He lived in Kanchipuram in modern-day Tamil Nadu.
Kāvyādarśa.
The "Kāvyādarśa" is the earliest surviving systematic treatment of poetics in Sanskrit. It has been shown that "Kāvyādarśa" was strongly influenced by the Bhaṭṭikāvya of Bhaṭṭi. In "Kāvyādarśa", Daṇḍin argued that a poem's beauty derived from its use of rhetorical devices – of which he distinguished thirty-six types.
He is also known for his complex sentences and creation of very long compound words (some of his sentences ran for half a page, and some of his words for half a line).
Daśakumāracarita.
The Daśakumāracarita relates the vicissitudes of ten princes in their pursuit of love and royal power. It contains stories of common life and reflects a faithful picture of Indian society during the period couched in the colourful style of Sanskrit prose. It consists of (1) Pūrvapīṭhikā, (2) Daśakumāracarita Proper, and (3) Uttarapīṭhikā. 
A "shloka" (hymn) that explains the strengths of different poets says: 
"daṇḍinaḥ padalālityaṃ"
("Daṇḍin is the master of playful words").

</doc>
<doc id="2850164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850164" title="Courtesy reply mail">
Courtesy reply mail

Courtesy reply mail, or CRM, is a type of mail in which a business sends pre-printed, self-addressed envelopes or postcards to customers, who then affix postage stamps to the envelopes or postcards and mail them back to the business. Alternatively, the business can disseminate the envelopes or postcards with stamps already affixed, similarly to metered reply mail.
Courtesy reply mail differs from business reply mail in the manner of payment of postage, namely, by stamp when the mail is sent, rather than by the permit holder when the mail is received. Courtesy reply mail is typically used when a response is practically guaranteed, e.g., bill payments.
In the United States, the United States Postal Service specifies that the envelopes or postcards for courtesy reply mail should be printed with a FIM A code. The POSTNET bar code can be printed on the envelope or postcard; alternatively, it can be printed on a payment coupon so that the bar code is visible through the window of a window envelope when the payment coupon is inserted.

</doc>
<doc id="2850168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850168" title="Mario Bettinus">
Mario Bettinus

Mario Bettinus (Italian name, Mario Bettini) (6 February 1582 – 7 November 1657) was an Italian Jesuit philosopher, mathematician and astronomer. The lunar crater Bettinus was named after him by Giovanni Riccioli in 1651. His "Apiaria Universae Philosophiae Mathematicae" is an encyclopedic collection of mathematical curiosities. This work had been reviewed by Christoph Grienberger.

</doc>
<doc id="2850174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850174" title="Steve Holy">
Steve Holy

Steve Holy (born February 23, 1972) is an American country music singer. Signed to Curb Records since 1999, he has released three studio albums: 2000's "Blue Moon", 2006's "Brand New Girlfriend", and 2011's "Love Don't Run". Fifteen of his singles have entered the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts, including the Number One hits "Good Morning Beautiful" (which was featured in the movie "Angel Eyes") and "Brand New Girlfriend".
Career.
Early life.
Steve was born February 23, 1972 in Dallas, Texas as the youngest of eight children. He entered a local competition called the Mesquite Opry at age nineteen. While there, he caught the attention of Wilbur Rimes, the father of country singer LeAnn Rimes. By 1999, Holy was signed to Curb Records.
2000–2001: "Blue Moon".
His first single for the label, "Don't Make Me Beg", peaked at No. 29 on the "Billboard" country charts in 2000. By October of that year, Holy's debut album, "Blue Moon", was released. Its second and third singles, which were the title track and "The Hunger", respectively, both reached No. 24 on the country charts.
Late in 2001, Holy reached Number One for the first time with "Good Morning Beautiful," a selection from the soundtrack to the film "Angel Eyes". This song spent five weeks at Number One on the country charts and reached No. 29 on the Billboard Hot 100. Blue Moon eventually went Gold nine years after its release in February 2009.
2002–2010: Non-album singles and "Brand New Girlfriend".
Holy released his fifth single, "I'm Not Breakin'," in late 2002. This song peaked at No. 27 on the country music charts. This was followed by four more singles over the next two years: "Rock-a-Bye Heart" at No. 37 in 2003, "Put Your Best Dress On" at No. 26 in 2004, "Go Home" and "It's My Time (Waste It If I Want To)" at No. 49 and No. 59, respectively, in 2005. None of these five singles were included on a studio album.
In 2005, Holy released "Brand New Girlfriend," co-written by Jeffrey Steele, Shane Minor and Bart Allmand. This song became Holy's second Number One on the country charts, reaching the top of the charts in its thirty-sixth week and setting a record for the slowest climb to Number One on that chart since the inception of Nielsen SoundScan in 1990. (This record was broken one year later by Tracy Lawrence, whose "Find Out Who Your Friends Are" reached Number One in its forty-first chart week.) "Brand New Girlfriend" was the lead-off single to Holy's second studio album, also entitled "Brand New Girlfriend". This album also produced the lesser Top 40 country hits "Come On Rain" and "Men Buy the Drinks (Girls Call the Shots)" at No. 35 and No. 38. Also included on the album were a cover version of Hank Williams, Jr.'s "All for the Love of Sunshine" and a song co-written by United States Senator Orrin Hatch.
A thirteenth single, "Might Have Been", was released in mid-2008 and on the chart week of December 27, 2008 debuted at No. 60 on the Hot Country Songs chart.
2011–present: "Love Don't Run".
In February 2011 Holy released "Love Don't Run". The song became his first Top 20 hit on the country charts since "Brand New Girlfriend" in 2006. Holy's third studio album, also entitled "Love Don't Run", was released on September 13, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="2850181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850181" title="Metered reply mail">
Metered reply mail

Metered reply mail, or MRM, is a type of mail in which a business sends pre-printed, self-addressed envelopes or postcards to customers, with postage prepaid on the envelopes or postcards with a postage meter. It is thus similar to courtesy reply mail with a postage stamp already affixed.
Metered reply mail differs from business reply mail in the manner of payment of postage, namely, by the postage meter indicating when the mail is sent, rather than by the permit holder when the mail is received.
In the United States, the United States Postal Service specifies that the envelopes or postcards for metered reply mail should be printed with a FIM A code.

</doc>
<doc id="2850182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850182" title="Jack Ingram">
Jack Ingram

Jack Owen Ingram (born November 15, 1970) is an American country music artist formerly signed to Big Machine Records, an independent record label. He has released eight studio albums, one extended play, six live albums and 18 singles. Although active since 1992, Ingram did not reach the U.S. country Top 40 until the late 2005 release of his single "Wherever You Are". A number one hit on the "Billboard" country charts, it was also his first release for Big Machine and that label's first Number One hit. Besides this song, Ingram has sent six other songs into the country Top 40: "Love You," a cover version of Hinder's "Lips of an Angel," "Measure of a Man," "Maybe She'll Get Lonely," "That's a Man" and "Barefoot and Crazy."
Biography.
Ingram was born in The Woodlands, Texas. He started writing songs and performing while studying psychology at Southern Methodist University in Dallas where he was an Alpha Tau Omega.
Musical career.
Jack Ingram began his music career singing at a privately owned bar near the TCU campus of Fort Worth, Texas which was owned by his friend John Clay Wolfe.
Later, during the early 1990s, Jack toured the state of Texas opening for Mark Chesnutt and other acts. His first release was his self-titled album in 1992 via the Rhythmic label, followed by 1995's "Lonesome Question". Warner Bros. Records eventually signed him and released a live album entitled "Live at Adair's", and re-issued his first two indie albums.
In 1997, he had his first and only time on the 22nd season of Austin City Limits. That same year, he released "Livin' or Dyin'" via Rising Tide Records, which produced his first chart single in the No. 51-peaking "Flutter". Two years later came "Hey You" via Lucky Dog, a division of Epic Records, which accounted for a No. 64 country single in "How Many Days". In 2000, he collaborated with Charlie Robison and Bruce Robison for the live album "Unleashed Live".
"Electric", his second album for Lucky Dog, was also his first album to enter Top Country Albums, despite not producing a chart single. This album was supplemented a year later by an EP entitled "Electric: Extra Volts" before he left Lucky Dog. Two more live albums followed before he signed to Columbia Records for the release of "Young Man" in 2004, which accounted for no singles. Another live album, "Acoustic Motel", was issued in 2005.
On Sunday, Feb. 3 2013 H-E-B premiered their 'Texas Myths' Super Bowl commercial featuring Jack Ingram. 
2005-2011: Big Machine Records.
In 2005, Ingram signed to the independent record label Big Machine Records. Under the Big Machine banner, Ingram released a predominantly live album entitled "". His first single release on that record label, "Wherever You Are", became Ingram's first top 40, and later his first Number One single on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts, as well as the first Number One for the Big Machine label. "Love You", the only other studio track on "Live: Wherever You Are", was also released as a single, peaking at No. 12 on the charts. This song was also recorded by Trent Summar & The New Row Mob (whose frontman, Trent Summar, co-wrote it) on their 2005 album "Horseshoes & Hand Grenades".
In late 2006, Ingram released a cover of Hinder's song "Lips of an Angel". Ingram's cover peaked at No. 16 on the country charts "Lips of an Angel" was the lead-off single to "This Is It", his second album for Big Machine. This album also produced the No. 18 "Measure of a Man" (a Radney Foster co-write) and the No. 24 "Maybe She'll Get Lonely".
He won the Academy of Country Music award for top new male vocalist on May 19, 2008. Ingram also filled in for radio host Bob Kingsley on the countdown show "Bob Kingsley's Country Top 40" for the week of September 20–21, 2008.
According to CMT, Ingram's "Big Dreams & High Hopes" album has "more guts" and Ellis Paul's "The World Ain't Slowing Down" may be the song that takes Ingram to the "next level". Ingram says "It'll be fun for me to expose people to a fantastic song from an artist who's had a 20-year career of being a very successful folk artist." The song was cut from the album. Its lead-off single "That's a Man" charted in the Top 20, followed by "Barefoot and Crazy," which became his second Top 10 hit. The album's next three singles all failed to enter the Top 40: "Seeing Stars" (a duet with Patty Griffin), "Free" and a re-recording of "Barbie Doll" with guest vocals from Dierks Bentley.
On August 26, 2009, Ingram set a Guinness record for the most radio interviews in one day, when he was interviewed 215 times.
Ingram and Big Machine amicably parted ways in late 2011.
As a sideline, Ingram does voice imaging for a number of country stations, including WSIX-FM Nashville, WMIL-FM Milwaukee, KWJJ-FM Portland, Ore. and KSCS Dallas.
Fundraising.
In 2013, Jack teamed up with actor Matthew McConaughey and University of Texas at Austin football coach Mack Brown to create a fundraiser for their favorite children's charities. Dubbed Mack, Jack & McConaughey, the affair was held April 11-12 at Austin's ACL Live at the Moody Theater and featured a gala, golf tournament, fashion show and two nights of music. Mack, Jack & McConaughey returned in 2014. 2014 events will take place April 24-25 in Austin, TX.

</doc>
<doc id="2850185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850185" title="Tour Eiffel Bridge">
Tour Eiffel Bridge

The Tour Eiffel Bridge, also known as the Montcalm Street Bridge is a small but ornate bridge in Gatineau, Quebec. There had long been a bridge across Brewery Creek, but by the 1980s it needed to be replaced. Hull and the National Capital Commission were working to turn the Brewery Creek area into a tourist and cultural district. It was decided to build an ornate structure. Incorporated in the bridge was an original steel girder from the Eiffel Tower, that had been part of a recently disassembled staircase. The girder was donated to Hull by Paris mayor Jacques Chirac. Architects Paul Martineau and Eric Haar modeled the bridge on Parisian style. It opened in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="2850190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850190" title="Scotty Thurman">
Scotty Thurman

Scotty Thurman (born November 10, 1974) is an American professional basketball player, perhaps best known as the Arkansas Razorbacks' shooting guard who hit the win-clinching high-arcing three-pointer with 53 seconds remaining in the 1994 NCAA Basketball Championship game. 
After leading Arkansas to the National Championship game in 1995, Thurman, along with teammate and future NBA player Corliss Williamson, left college early to make himself available for the 1995 NBA Draft. His agent and coach had told him that he would be a first round pick, and many fans and analysts agreed with this; surprisingly, he was not drafted. He tried out unsuccessfully with the New Jersey Nets before settling with the CBA's Shreveport Storm (now defunct) in 1995-96. 
While not making the NBA, Thurman played basketball in foreign countries including Cyprus, Greece, Lebanon and Macedonia, and played for the ABA's professional Arkansas RimRockers in their inaugural season. As of 2005, Thurman is with Fastlink of the Jordanian basketball league. Prior to that, he was signed with Riyadi Beirut of the Lebanese league.
Thurman still plays professional basketball but also has developed a business career with Russ Phillips. He is was the director of real estate for Cypress Properties, Inc., in Little Rock before being named the Director of Student-Athlete Development at the University of Arkansas.

</doc>
<doc id="2850191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850191" title="Dandi">
Dandi

Dandi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2850198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850198" title="Noseclip">
Noseclip

A noseclip (often referred to as a "nose clip") is a device made of wire covered in rubber or of plastic, and is worn by people during a wide range of aquatic activities such as kayaking, freediving, recreational swimming, synchronized swimming and waterdance. It is designed to hold the nostrils closed to prevent water from entering, or air from escaping. Some types of noseclips also feature a long band to keep the clip around the neck while it is not being used.

</doc>
<doc id="2850200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850200" title="Sky (Canadian band)">
Sky (Canadian band)

Sky was a Canadian R&B-influenced Pop rock group from Montreal, Quebec. The duo originally consisted of James Renald and Antoine Sicotte. Both were songwriters, producers and multi-instrumentalists, who met in 1992 at a music engineering school in Montreal. Anastasia (2000–2003) replaced James as the lead singer after he left, and Karl Wolf (2003–2005) was the last lead singer of the group.
History.
Their first EP was released on their own Phat Royale label in 1997. Managed by Lee Brown, both members co-wrote, co-produced and co-played every instrument on that record. Quebec radio stations began playing their music and eventually 43 stations in that province had added their songs to their playlists. Canada’s MusiquePlus, the French equivalent to English-language MuchMusic, began playing the video for their song "America".
In February 1998, Sky signed a major-label record deal with EMI Music Canada. With the recording sessions for their upcoming major-label debut, two world-famous producers, Peter Mokran (Maxwell, R. Kelly, Michael Jackson) and Euro-Syndicate Productions, were brought in for two recording sessions at Gallery Studios in New York and Metalworks Studios in Mississauga, Ontario. Legendary guitar player Wah-Wah Watson was featured as a guest performer as well.
"Piece of Paradise", the duo’s major-label debut, was launched in 1999. The album debuted at #6 on the Canadian album charts and reached platinum status in Canada. The group’s debut single, "Some Kinda Wonderful", was released in 1998, gained international success, hitting number 4 on the Canadian Singles Chart, and #1 in Thailand.
The group’s follow-up single "Love Song" was also a major hit in Canada reaching number 1 on the Canadian Singles Chart, but achieved mediocre success in the U.S. This was followed by the next single "Push" and finally "All I Want".
Sky then signed a major deal with Arista Records in the U.S., United Kingdom and Japan. The label released a reworked version of "Piece of Paradise" on June 29, 1999, with two additional tracks, "Strange" and "Dreamin'". Those tracks were also added to the Canadian version of the album, and was re-released on June 1, 1999. Renald announced in 2000 that he was leaving the duo due to camera-shyness. He wasn't present at the Juno Awards in which Sky won "Best New Group", which created an awkward moment as Antoine was the sole acceptor of the award.
The quitting Renald was replaced later that year by Anastasia (not to be confused with the American singer) from Montreal. Anastasia was a singer that Sicotte was originally going to use for a new duo named Nice, but the name Sky was retained.
The new pair would release their first single, "Superhero", in August 2000, and a full album, "Travelling Infinity", in November. The single "You" was also released and reached #1 in Canada. A remix for that video was made due to the high popularity and demand for it.
In 2003 the third and last incarnation of Sky came about, as Anastasia was replaced by Lebanon native Karl Wolf. The group released a third album, "Picture Perfect", that spawned the single "Dedication"
Shortly thereafter, Sky split up and Karl Wolf decided to go solo.
After Sky.
Karl Wolf continues to record. He first released a single, "Butterflies" in late 2005, and followed it up with three independent solo albums, "Face Behind the Face" (2006), "Bite the Bullet" (2007) and "Nightlife" (2009) and a big number of singles, the most successful of which was "Africa".
Co-founding member Antoine Sicotte has since been active as a culinary chef.

</doc>
<doc id="2850207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850207" title="Baudelaire family">
Baudelaire family

The Baudelaire family ( ) is one of several prominent fictional families created by American author Lemony Snicket for his novel series, "A Series of Unfortunate Events". The Baudelaire children, Violet, Klaus and Sunny, are the protagonists of the series.
Concept and creation.
Snicket named the Baudelaires after French macabre poet Charles Baudelaire. The French surname "Baudelaire" ( in English), historically also recorded as "Badelaire" and "Bazelaire", refers to a short sword or knife used as a heraldic blazon: Thomas Nugent, in his "Pocket-Dictionary of the French and English Languages" (1808), translated "baudelaire" as a "short, broad, and curved sword" used in heraldry; Thomas Dudley Fosbroke, in his "Encyclopædia of Antiquities" (1825), described the baudelaire as a "little portative knife" used as a medieval English blazon; W. T. Cosgrave described it as a "short and broad backsword, being towards the point like a Turkish scymitar." The French word "baudelaire" comes from Medieval Latin "bādelārius", "bādelāris", or "bādārellus", meaning a "kind of short sword" ("ensis brevis species").
Despite the apparently Romantic origin of "Baudelaire," Snicket stated in February 2007 that "the Baudelaires are Jewish! I guess we would not know for sure but we would strongly suspect it," citing their "manner" as an indicator. Snicket elaborated: "I think there is something naturally Jewish about unending misery. […] I'm Jewish so, by default, the characters I create are Jewish, I think."
Background.
The Baudelaires were a wealthy family that lived in the Baudelaire Mansion. The Mansion has several secret tunnels leading in and out of the building, including one that could be accessed from the apartment of Jerome Squalor and Esmé Squalor. The Mansion was burned in an arson fire, which also killed Bertrand and Beatrice Baudelaire. The Baudelaire orphans believe that Count Olaf set the fire to claim the Baudelaire fortune, which the children were to inherit when Violet came of age. However, Olaf implies that he is not responsible. In the film adaptation, Olaf is confirmed to be the arsonist.
Members.
Bertrand Baudelaire.
Bertrand Baudelaire is the father of Violet, Klaus, and Sunny Baudelaire, the husband of Beatrice Baudelaire, and a V.F.D. member. Throughout the series, the children remember anecdotes about their father, such as him cooking at a dinner party. He was a childhood friend of Beatrice and a good friend of Dewey Denouement. As a member of the V.F.D., Bertrand helped train the V.F.D. lions. Count Olaf implicates that Bertrand and Beatrice murdered Olaf's parents. At the outset of the series, Bertrand died in the fire that destroyed the Baudelaire Mansion.
Beatrice Baudelaire.
Beatrice Baudelaire is the mother of the Violet, Klaus, and Sunny Baudelaire, the wife of Bertrand, and a V.F.D. member. She is also the unrequited love interest of Lemony Snicket, one of her childhood friends. As a member of the V.F.D., she helped train the V.F.D. lions and may have stolen Esmé Squalor's sugar bowl, but Lemony Snicket states that he stole the sugar bowl, which caused a schism in the organization. Count Olaf implicates that Beatrice and Bertrand murdered Olaf's parents. In addition, Snicket admits that he "helped Beatrice commit a serious crime" in "13 Shocking Secrets you'll wish you never knew about Lemony Snicket". In "The Beatrice Letters", Snicket writes six letters to Beatrice. At the outset of the series, Beatrice died in the fire that destroyed the Baudelaire Mansion.
In the film adaptation, Beatrice is played by Helena Bonham Carter who was uncredited for the role.
Violet Baudelaire.
Violet Baudelaire is Bertrand Baudelaire and Beatrice Baudelaire's oldest child and is the older sister of Klaus and Sunny. She is an intelligent and skilled inventor, and she helps herself, her siblings and her dearest friends out of dangerous situations by creating devices from simple, commonplace objects. For most of the series, she is fourteen years old. While she is inventing she has a ribbon to tie up her hair to concentrate, this resource has helped them much throughout the series. As the oldest of the Baudelaire orphans, she is the natural leader that has promised her beloved parents that she will look after her siblings. She invented an ironing torch, bungee rope, big speaker, and has made many, many more inventions like a lock pick that saved all of their lives from serious danger.
In the film adaptation, she is portrayed by Emily Browning.
Klaus Baudelaire.
Klaus Baudelaire is Bertrand Baudelaire and Beatrice Baudelaire's second child and is the brother of Violet and Sunny. He is an excellent reader and a brilliant researcher. He is identified by his prominent glasses. Although he and Sunny did not initially enjoy each other's company, by the time Sunny was six weeks old, they became inseparable. At the beginning of the series, he is twelve years old.
In the film adaptation, he is portrayed by Liam Aiken
Sunny Baudelaire.
Sunny Baudelaire is Bertrand Baudelaire and Beatrice Baudelaire's youngest of the Baudelaire siblings. She is fond of biting things with her four razor sharp teeth. She eventually develops an interest in cooking, in book nine "The Carnivorous Carnival." Which often eclipses her biting in later novels. Although she is still an infant and her speech is unintelligible, she develops better speaking as the series goes on. She demonstrates advanced problem solving skills, motor dexterity, comprehension, moral reasoning, and intelligence. One of her first real words is "Brilliant" describing Uncle Montgomery Montgomery's level of intelligence.
In the film adaptation, she is portrayed by Kara and Shelby Hoffman.
Beatrice Baudelaire II.
Beatrice Baudelaire II is the daughter of Kit Snicket, who dies after giving birth. The infant Beatrice is adopted by the Baudelaire orphans, hence the use of the surname Baudelaire. At age one, "she looks very much like her mother," according to "Chapter Fourteen." The younger Beatrice was named for the Baudelaire's mother Beatrice, at Kit's request and in keeping with the tradition of naming children after deceased friends. In the "Beatrice Letters", which is set ten years after the main series, she is the second Beatrice Baudelaire. She is searching for her uncle Lemony Snicket and for the Baudelaire orphans, who have apparently disappeared. She stalks her uncle and writes him six letters. However, he constantly refuses to see her and actively runs from her. She writes that she attends a "secretarial school that isn't really a secretarial school", implying that she has found a V.F.D. training school. Her sixth letter is signed "Beatrice Baudelaire, Baticeer Extraordinaire."
Relatives of the Baudelaire Family.
Count Olaf.
Count Olaf, according to Mr. Poe, is the Baudelaires' "third cousin four times removed or fourth cousin three times removed". In the series, Olaf is an eccentric actor and is known to have committed many crimes as a member of the fire-starting side of V.F.D., a Volunteer Fire Department that eventually branched into a massive secret organization, prior to the events of the first book in the series. Olaf is repeatedly described as extremely tall and thin and having a unibrow, a wheezy voice, and gleaming eyes. He is often distinguished by the V.F.D. insignia tattooed on his left ankle (as with most V.F.D. members).
Montgomery Montgomery.
Dr. Montgomery Montgomery" or "Uncle Monty" ("Introduced/Killed in: "The Reptile Room") is Bertrand Baudelaire's cousin's brother-in-law and Violet, Klaus, and Sunny Baudelaire's second guardian, but he prefers to be called Uncle Monty. He appears solely in "The Reptile Room". It is thought that his name is inspired by Monty Python, as he is a herpetologist (one who studies snakes) whose first name is Monty.
Uncle Monty is a "fat, short, chubby man with a round red face." He discovered the Incredibly Deadly Viper (which is in fact not deadly at all). When the Baudelaires first meet him, he gives them homemade coconut cream cake, and the Baudelaires instantly warm to him. He plans to take them to Peru with his assistant Gustav, but receives Gustav's apparent letter of resignation the day before (it is later revealed that Gustav was actually killed by Count Olaf), so Uncle Monty hires "Stephano" (Count Olaf in disguise) in his place. The Baudelaires quickly recognize Stephano as Olaf. Uncle Monty, on the other hand, thinks that Stephano is a jealous spy from the herpetology society, there to steal the Incredibly Deadly Viper, which he has not yet revealed to the society. When the Baudelaires tried to tell Uncle Monty Stephano's true identity, he misunderstood them, thinking that they were saying that Stephano's "plan to steal the Incredibly Deadly Viper" was as despicable as Olaf, rather than Stephano actually "being" Olaf. Then, he tore up Stephano's ticket. This does not stop Olaf, who murders Uncle Monty (using snake venom). Olaf then blames it on the Mamba Du Mal (the Incredibly Deadly Viper in the movie), another snake owned by Uncle Monty. The Baudelaires escape Olaf, but they never again find a nicer or more caring guardian than Uncle Monty. Uncle Monty also had some connection to the Quagmire family because there is a tunnel connecting the two houses.
In the film, Klaus sees Uncle Monty with a spyglass similar to the one he found in his father's desk drawer, and later finds one that belongs to Aunt Josephine. Klaus also found a picture with his parents, Aunt Josephine, Uncle Monty, and other presumably VFD members, all holding spyglasses. He is older and one of the more sympathetic characters in the movie. He gives the children a wonderful home, but faces the same fate as the other sympathetic guardians. In the book, Monty dearly wishes to have a family, but never found the right woman; in the movie Monty had a wife and children, but they were killed by yet another arson attack (possibly by Count Olaf).
On the book cover Monty's hair is red and in the movie it is grey. But in the video game his hair is black.
In the book "Who could that be at this hour?", Monty is mentioned by Hector in the final chapter.
In the film adaption, Montgomery Montgomery is played by Billy Connolly.
Josephine Anwhistle.
Josephine Anwhistle or Aunt Josephine ("Introduced/Killed in: "The Wide Window") is Violet, Klaus and Sunny Baudelaire's second cousin's sister-in-law, and becomes their guardian in "The Wide Window".
Aunt Josephine thinks that grammar is the greatest joy in life. She keeps many books about Lake Lachrymose under her bed. These books include "The Tides of Lake Lachrymose", "The Bottom of Lake Lachrymose", "Lachrymose Trout", "The History of the Damocles Dock Region", "Ivan Lachrymose - Lake Explorer", "How Water Is Made" and "A Lachrymose Atlas".
Ever since her husband Isaac (Ike for short) was devoured by Lachrymose Leeches, she has developed numerous fears. These include concerns about:
Ironically, many of the things she fears actually happen in the film when her home falls into the lake. As in the film when the orphans finally return home from shopping, they see that the Wide Window (the window that looks out onto Lachrymose Lake) has been broken. But Josephine stated that Hurricane Herman was coming and that they should prepare (although, it is not stated how a hurricane can effect a house on a lake, it is perhaps just a violent wind storm that ended quickly). So, as the wind picks up, Klaus goes to the kitchen to put away the food, but Violet notices the house shaking and she calls for Klaus who turns around. She then screams: "Get away from the refrigerator! If it falls it could crush you flat!" quoting Aunt Josephine's many fears. She tackles him aside and the fridge flies out the Wide Window. Klaus and Violet grab Sunny, falling to the floor, but rolling aside to avoid a falling chandelier, like Josephine said: "Watch out for the chandelier, if it falls it could impale someone!" They look up from the floor and see that the stove/oven have also broken away from the wall, leaving the gas pipe exposed and aflame (this is one of the few fears that isn't actually used, as Aunt Josephine said it would burst into flames, but it didn't). Then they see the gas pipe lands on the crystal doorknob, heating it red hot and shattering it to pieces when Violet says: "Oh no..." As they have their heads down, the radiator explodes, but they remain unharmed. When they finally lift their heads up they see that they are only suspended on a piece of floorboards held up by only a few suspension boards and a piece of wall that holds a decorative anchor. The orphans are about ten yards from the actual cliff, not jumping distance. Violet, tying her hair up in her red ribbon, gets the idea to use the anchor and a decorative fire extinguisher to roll the anchor over to the edge and break the board holding them up. As the board broke the floorboards rocked toward the cliff when they jumped off the boards onto the cliff. Then the boards fell into the lake and the children are safely on the stable ground.
In the end, Josephine pleads with Count Olaf (in his disguise of Captain Sham) to let her live by offering the Baudelaire children, the fortune, and the children's lives in exchange for her own safety, but instead pushes her overboard from a small sailboat after she corrected her own death sentence, literally. It is heavily implied that she meets the same fate as her husband; she is surrounded by leeches and her tattered life jackets are found later by fishermen at the time the orphans were in Prufrock Preparatory School, two books later. It is unknown if she is alive or dead. "The Grim Grotto" implies that she might still be alive. She is mentioned more times than any others of the Baudelaire's caregivers after her death (with the obvious exceptions of Count Olaf and Esmé Squalor). She and Esmé Squalor are the only female guardians the Baudelaires have in the series.
In the film adaption, Aunt Josephine is played by Meryl Streep.

</doc>
<doc id="2850212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850212" title="Preputial gland">
Preputial gland

Preputial glands are exocrine glands that are located in front of the genitals of some mammals (including mice) and produce pheromones. The preputial glands of female animals are sometimes called clitoral glands. 
The best studied preputial glands are those of the House Mouse and the Brown Rat, because these two species are important model organisms and because their preputial glands are very similar in structure to the (much smaller) sebaceous glands of humans. The preputial glands of male musk deer produce strong-smelling musk which is of economic importance as it is used in perfumes.
Human homologues.
There is debate about whether humans have functional homologues to preputial glands. Preputial glands were first noted by Edward Tyson and in 1694 fully described by William Cowper who named them Tyson's glands after Tyson. They are described as modified sebaceous glands located around the corona and inner surface of the prepuce of the human penis. They are believed to be most frequently found in the balanopreputial sulcus. Their secretion may be one of the components of smegma.
Some, including Satya Parkash, dispute their existence. While humans may not have true anatomical equivalents, the term may sometimes be used for tiny whitish yellow pimples occasionally found on the corona of the glans penis. The proper name for these structures is pearly penile papules (or hirsutoid papillomas). According to detractors, they are not glands but mere thickenings of the skin and are not involved in the formation of smegma.

</doc>
<doc id="2850233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850233" title="Shouning County">
Shouning County

Shouning County (; Foochow Romanized: Sêu-nìng-gâing) is a small county located in the northeast of Fujian province of People's Republic of China, near the border with Zhejiang province. It is under the jurisdiction of Ningde City, The Min Dong dialect of the Min language (similar to the Fuzhou dialect) is spoken there.
There are a number of covered bridges located there, and of the 100 or so woven timber arch "lounge bridges" throughout China, Shouning County has 19. The county hosted the second international conference on Chinese covered bridges from September 20 to 23, 2007.
Beilu opera (also called "Luantan"), a variety of Min opera, is popular in Shouning County.
Administrative divisions.
Shouning County comprises 10 townships, 4 towns, and 201 administrative villages. These include:

</doc>
<doc id="2850239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850239" title="Dobie Gray">
Dobie Gray

Dobie Gray (born Lawrence Darrow Brown on July 26, 1940 – December 6, 2011) was an American singer and songwriter, whose musical career spanned soul, country, pop, and musical theater. His hit records included "The 'In' Crowd" in 1965 and "Drift Away", which was one of the biggest hits of 1973, sold over one million copies, and remains a staple of radio airplay.
Life and career.
He was born near Houston, Texas, by his own account in Simonton although some sources suggest the nearby town of Brookshire. His birth name was most likely Lawrence Darrow Brown, who is listed in Fort Bend County birth records as being born in 1940 to Jane P. Spencel and Jethro Clifton Brown. Other sources suggest he may have been born Leonard Victor Ainsworth, a name he used on some early recordings.
His family sharecropped. He discovered gospel music through his grandfather, a Baptist minister. In the early 1960s he moved to Los Angeles, intending to pursue an acting career while also singing to make money. He recorded for several local labels under the names Leonard Ainsworth, Larry Curtis, and Larry Dennis, before Sonny Bono directed him towards the small independent Stripe Records. They suggested that he record under the name "Dobie Gray", an allusion to the then-popular sitcom "The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis". 
His first taste of success came in 1963 when his seventh single "Look At Me", on the Cor-Dak label and recorded with bassist Carol Kaye, reached #91 on the Billboard Hot 100. However, his first album, "Look!", failed to sell. Greater success came in early 1965 when his original recording of "The 'In' Crowd" (recorded later that year as an instrumental by Ramsey Lewis, and also covered in 1965 by Petula Clark) reached #13. Written by Billy Page and arranged by his brother Gene, and produced by Fred Darian, Dobie Gray's record reached #11 on the US R&B chart, and #25 in the UK. The follow-up, "See You at the Go-Go", recorded with such top session musicians as Kaye, Hal Blaine, and Larry Knechtel, also reached the Hot 100, and he issued an album, "Dobie Gray Sings For 'In' Crowders That Go Go Go", which featured some self-penned songs.
Gray continued to record, though with little success, for small labels such as Charger and White Whale, as well as contributing to movie soundtracks. He also spent several years working as an actor, including 2½ years in the Los Angeles production of "Hair". In 1970, while working there, he joined a band, Pollution, as singer and percussionist. They were managed by actor Max Baer Jr. (best known as "Jethro" in "The Beverly Hillbillies") and released two albums of soul-inspired psychedelic rock, "Pollution I" and "Pollution II". The band also included singer Tata Vega and guitarist/singer James Quill Smith. He also worked at A & M Records on demo recordings with songwriter Paul Williams. 
In 1972, he won a recording contract with Decca Records (shortly before it became part of MCA) to make an album with producer Mentor Williams---Paul's brother---in Nashville. Among the songs they recorded at the Quadrafonic Sound Studios, co-owned by session musicians Norbert Putnam and David Briggs, was Mentor Williams' "Drift Away", featuring a guitar riff by Reggie Young. Released as a single, the song rose to #5 on the US pop chart and remains Dobie Gray's signature song. It placed at #17 in the Billboard Year-End Hot 100 singles of 1973. The follow-up, a version of Tom Jans' much-covered song "Loving Arms", hit #61. Gray also released three albums with MCA, "Drift Away", "Loving Arms", and "Hey, Dixie", but later stated that MCA were unsure of how to market the albums---"They didn't know where to place a black guy in country music."
In the mid-1970s, he moved permanently to Nashville and signed for Capricorn Records, writing songs in collaboration with Troy Seals. His last solo hit singles were "If Love Must Go", #78 in 1976, and "You Can Do It", #37 in 1978. He increasingly concentrated on songwriting, writing songs for a variety of artists including Ray Charles, George Jones, Johnny Mathis, Charley Pride, and Don Williams. He also toured in Europe, Australia and Africa in the 1970s. He performed in South Africa only after persuading the apartheid authorities to allow him to play to integrated audiences, becoming the first artist to do so. His popularity in South Africa continued through numerous subsequent concert tours. 
Dobie Gray re-emerged as a recording artist for Capitol Records in the mid-1980s, recording with producer Harold Shedd. He placed two singles on the US country chart in 1986-87, including "That's One to Grow On" which peaked at #35. His country albums included "From Where I Stand" in 1986, and he made several appearances at Charlie Daniels' popular Volunteer Jam concerts. He also sang on a number of TV and radio jingles. In 1997, he released the album "Diamond Cuts", including both new songs and re-recordings of older material.
In 2000, Wigan Casino DJ Kev Roberts, compiled "The Northern Soul Top 500", which was based on a survey of northern soul fans. Gray's "Out On The Floor", a 1966 recording which would become a British hit in 1975, made the Top 10. 
"Drift Away" became a hit again in 2003, when it was covered by Uncle Kracker on his "No Stranger to Shame" album as a duet with Dobie Gray, who was also featured in the video. It hit #9 and placed at #19 in the Billboard Year-End Hot 100 singles of 2003.
Death.
On December 6, 2011, Gray's official website stated that he had died. According to the Associated Press, he died at his home in Nashville, Tennessee after a long battle with cancer. Sources differed as to his age; his official site stated he was 71, while the AP stated he was 69.
Discography.
Albums.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="2850249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850249" title="No Doubt discography">
No Doubt discography

The discography of No Doubt, an American third wave ska band, consists of six studio albums, six compilation albums, three video albums, twenty singles and twenty-one music videos.
No Doubt was formed in Anaheim, California in 1986. After many line-up changes, it released its self-titled debut album in 1992, but its ska-pop sound failed due to the popularity of the grunge movement. Following the self-released "The Beacon Street Collection", "Tragic Kingdom" was released in 1995 and rode the surge of ska punk to become one of the best-selling albums, largely due to the international success of its third single "Don't Speak".
No Doubt's follow-up, "Return of Saturn", was released nearly five years later and was quickly certified Platinum in the U.S., but failed to match the success of "Tragic Kingdom". The band collaborated with many producers and other artists to record "Rock Steady" in under a year, mixing the band's new wave and pop sounds with ragga music. The album was a comeback for the band, selling well and yielding career-highest singles chart positions. After "Rock Steady", the band released several compilations and went on hiatus. Singer Gwen Stefani released two solo albums (see Gwen Stefani discography), and guitarist Tom Dumont's side project Invincible Overlord, a collaboration with Ted Matson, released "The Living Album" and a remix of No Doubt's "Bathwater" on its website. After reforming, No Doubt released their sixth album, "Push and Shove", in 2012: two singles, "Settle Down" and "Looking Hot" were released from the album.

</doc>
<doc id="2850251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850251" title="Spirit Airlines destinations">
Spirit Airlines destinations

This is a list of destinations that Spirit Airlines serves as of June 2011.
Americas.
Bermuda and the Caribbean.
Aruba
The Bahamas
Dominican Republic
Haiti
Jamaica
Puerto Rico
Sint Maarten
United States Virgin Islands
Central America.
Costa Rica
Guatemala
Honduras
Nicaragua
Panama
El Salvador
Mexico.
Baja California Sur
Quintana Roo
State of Mexico
United States.
Arizona 
California
Colorado
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Illinois
Louisiana
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Missouri
Nevada
New Jersey
New York
Oregon
Pennsylvania
South Carolina
Texas
West Virginia

</doc>
<doc id="2850256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850256" title="Fictocriticism">
Fictocriticism

Fictocriticism is a postmodern, experimental often feminist style of writing. 
The traditional divisions among the practices of fiction, theory and criticism into stories, essays and critiques tend to be merged with fictocriticism which combines elements of these writing practices into a single text. These texts thus often tell a story while making an argument. They range from avant-gardist prose poems to more discursive metafictional inventions.
Once Jacques Derrida asked for a name:
"We must invent a name for those "critical" inventions which belong to literature while deforming its limits."
The name one could have given him was fictocriticism, but he went on anyway to write, and perform, critically, and sometimes fictionally, for instance by telling stories while making his philosophical arguments. 
Fictocriticism might trace its origins to Montaigne, continuing through Barthes and making a different appearance in the New Journalism of Tom Wolfe or Joan Didion. Tending towards the laid-back narrative, the inclusion of the local and singular; the embrace of contemporary culture and media, the name, and the style, have been adopted enthusiastically in Australia and Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2850259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850259" title="Delaney &amp; Bonnie">
Delaney &amp; Bonnie

Delaney & Bonnie were an American musical duo composed of husband-and-wife singer/songwriters Delaney and Bonnie Bramlett. They also fronted a rock/soul ensemble called Delaney & Bonnie and Friends, whose members at different times included Duane Allman, Gregg Allman, George Harrison, Leon Russell, Bobby Whitlock, Dave Mason, Rita Coolidge, King Curtis, and Eric Clapton.
Career.
Delaney Bramlett (July 1, 1939, Pontotoc County, Mississippi, United States – December 27, 2008, Los Angeles, California, United States) learned the guitar in his youth, and migrated to Los Angeles in 1959. He became a session musician; his most notable early work was as a member of the Shindogs, the house band for the ABC-TV series "Shindig!" (1964–66), which also featured guitarist/keyboardist Leon Russell.
Bonnie Bramlett (née Bonnie Lynn O'Farrell, born November 8, 1944, Alton, Illinois, United States) was an accomplished singer at an early age, performing with blues guitarist Albert King at age 14 and in the Ike & Tina Turner Revue at 15 - the first-ever white Ikette "for three days in a black wig and Man Tan skin darkener." She moved to Los Angeles in 1967, and met and married Delaney later that year.
Beginnings and Stax contract.
Delaney Bramlett and Leon Russell had many connections in the music business through their work in the Shindogs, and were able to quickly form a band of solid, if transient, musicians around Delaney and Bonnie. The band became known as "Delaney & Bonnie and Friends" due to its regular changes of personnel. They secured a recording contract with Stax Records, and completed work on their first album, "Home", in early 1969. In his 2007 autobiography, Eric Clapton claimed that Delaney & Bonnie and Friends were the first white group to sign a contract with Stax. Despite production and session assistance from Donald "Duck" Dunn, Isaac Hayes, and other Stax mainstays of the era, the album was not successful - perhaps due to poor promotion, as it was one of 27 albums simultaneously released by Stax in that label's initial attempt to establish itself in the album market.
Elektra and Apple contracts.
Delaney and Bonnie moved to Elektra Records for their second album, "The Original Delaney & Bonnie & Friends (Accept No Substitute)" (1969). While not a big seller either, it created a buzz in music industry circles when, upon hearing pre-release mixes of the album, George Harrison offered Delaney and Bonnie a contract with the Beatles' Apple Records label - which Delaney and Bonnie signed despite their prior contractual commitment to Elektra. Although the Apple contract was subsequently voided, this incident began a falling-out between Delaney and Elektra, culminating in the band's release from their Elektra contract in late 1969.
Atco contract and chart success.
On the strength of "Accept No Substitute", and at his friend Harrison's suggestion, Eric Clapton took Delaney & Bonnie and Friends on the road in mid-1969 as the opening act for his band Blind Faith. Clapton became fast friends with Delaney, Bonnie and their band, preferring their music to Blind Faith's - impressed by their live performances, he would often appear on stage with Delaney & Bonnie and Friends during this period, and continued to record and tour with them following Blind Faith's August 1969 breakup. Clapton helped broker a new record deal for Delaney and Bonnie with his then-US label, Atco (Atlantic) Records, and appears (with Harrison, Dave Mason, and others) on Delaney and Bonnie's third album, the live "On Tour with Eric Clapton" (Atco; recorded in the UK 7 December 1969, released in North America March 1970). This album would be their most successful, reaching #29 on the Billboard album charts and achieving RIAA Gold Record status. Clapton also recruited Delaney and Bonnie and their band to back him on his debut solo album, recorded in late 1969/early 1970 and produced by Delaney.
Delaney and Bonnie continued to make well-regarded, if modestly selling, albums over the rest of their career. Their next two Atco albums, "To Bonnie from Delaney" (1970) and the largely acoustic "Motel Shot" (1971) charted, and "Never Ending Song of Love," a single taken from "Motel Shot", was Billboard's #67 single of 1971. The band's other notable activities during this period include participation (with Grateful Dead, The Band and Janis Joplin) on the 1970 Festival Express tour of Canada, with an appearance at the Strawberry Fields Festival; an appearance in Richard C. Sarafian's 1971 film "Vanishing Point", contributing the song "You Got to Believe" to its soundtrack; and a July 1971 live show broadcast by New York's WABC-FM (now WPLJ), backed by Duane Allman, Gregg Allman and King Curtis. (A song from the latter set, "Come On in My Kitchen," is included on the 1974 Duane Allman compilation album "An Anthology, Vol. II.")
CBS contract and breakup.
By late 1971 Delaney and Bonnie's often-tempestuous relationship began to show signs of strain. Their next album "Country Life" was rejected by Atco on grounds of poor quality, with Atco/Atlantic electing to sell Delaney and Bonnie's recording contract - including this album's master tapes - to CBS as a result. Columbia/CBS released this album, in a different track sequence from that submitted to Atco, as "D&B Together" in March 1972. It would be Delaney and Bonnie's last album of new material, as the couple divorced in 1973.
Later years.
Delaney and Bonnie continued to work in the music business - and, in Bonnie's case, in Hollywood as an actress - after their breakup. Delaney's final solo album, "A New Kind of Blues", was released in early 2008. He died in December 2008 (as detailed below).
Bonnie enjoyed success during the 1970s and early 1980s as a backing singer with Elvin Bishop, Stephen Stills and The Allman Brothers Band; she subsequently turned to acting, appearing (using her later married name, Bonnie Sheridan) in a recurring role on the TV series "Roseanne" (1991–95). Her most recent album is 2008's "Beautiful".
Legacy.
Live success.
Delaney and Bonnie are generally best remembered for their albums "On Tour with Eric Clapton" and "Motel Shot". "On Tour" was their best-selling album by far, and is (except for their version of "Come On in My Kitchen" with Duane Allman, released after Delaney and Bonnie's breakup and Allman's death) the only official document of their live work. Delaney and Bonnie were considered by many to be at their best on stage. In his autobiography, Atlantic Records executive Jerry Wexler stated that the studio album he produced for the band, "To Bonnie from Delaney", "didn't quite catch the fire of their live performances." Clapton makes an even stronger statement in his autobiography: "For me, going on Blind Faith after Delaney and Bonnie was really, really tough, because I thought they were miles better than us." "Motel Shot", although technically a studio album, was largely recorded "live in the studio" with acoustic instruments - a rarity for rock bands at the time, foreshadowing the "Unplugged" phenomenon by nearly twenty years.
Influence.
Besides their recorded legacy, Delaney and Bonnie influenced many fellow musicians of their era. Most notably, Clapton has said: "Delaney taught me everything I know about singing," and Delaney has been cited as the person who taught George Harrison how to play slide guitar, a technique Harrison used to great effect throughout his solo recording career. Bonnie, for her part, is credited (with Delaney, Clapton and/or Leon Russell) as co-author of various popular songs, including "Groupie (Superstar)" (a Top 10 hit for The Carpenters in 1971; also covered by ex-Delaney and Bonnie backing vocalist Rita Coolidge, Bette Midler, Sonic Youth, and many others) and Clapton's "Let It Rain." (Bonnie's song authorship became a matter of dispute in the last years of Delaney's life, with Delaney claiming he wrote many of these songs but assigned ownership to Bonnie to dodge an onerous publishing contract - an assertion supported, indirectly, through statements made by Clapton. Many songs that Bonnie Bramlett contributed to during the band's tenure, but for which Delaney Bramlett was not originally credited, now list both Bramletts as co-authors in BMI's Repertoire database.)
Friends and offspring.
Delaney and Bonnie's "Friends" of the band's 1969-70 heyday also had considerable impact. After the early 1970 breakup of this version of the band, Leon Russell recruited many of its ex-members, excepting Delaney, Bonnie and singer/keyboardist Bobby Whitlock, to join Joe Cocker's band, participating on Cocker's "Mad Dogs and Englishmen" recording sessions and North American tour (March–May 1970; Rita Coolidge's version of "Groupie (Superstar)" was recorded with this band while on tour). Whitlock meanwhile joined Clapton at his home in Surrey, UK, where they wrote songs and decided to form a band, which two former "Friends"/Cocker band members, bassist Carl Radle and drummer Jim Gordon, would later join. As Derek And The Dominos, they recorded the landmark album "Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs" (1970) with assistance on many tracks from another former "Friend," lead/slide guitarist Duane Allman. Derek and the Dominos also constituted the core backing band on George Harrison's vocal debut album "All Things Must Pass" (1970) with assistance from still more former "Friends": Dave Mason, Bobby Keys and Jim Price.
Finally, Delaney and Bonnie's daughter Bekka Bramlett has also enjoyed a long history in the music business, most notably as a lead singer with Fleetwood Mac in the early 1990s, and subsequently as a backing vocalist with Faith Hill and Vince Gill.
Delaney's death.
Described in an obituary as a "Southern Legend", Bramlett died from complications of gall bladder surgery at UCLA Ronald Reagan Medical Center in Los Angeles on December 27, 2008. Delaney is survived by his widow, Susan Lanier-Bramlett, a brother, John Wayne Bramlett, three daughters, Michele Bramlett, Suzanne Bramlett, Bekka Bramlett, and two grandchildren.
Discography.
In addition, GNP Crescendo Records (US) and London Records (UK) released an album of 1967-68 recordings by Delaney Bramlett in 1971 as "Delaney & Bonnie: Genesis." While not a Delaney & Bonnie album "per se," Bonnie Bramlett does appear with Delaney on three of this album's twelve selections.

</doc>
<doc id="2850261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850261" title="I Want You to Want Me">
I Want You to Want Me

"I Want You to Want Me" is a song by American rock band Cheap Trick. The song was first played in 1975 and first appeared on their second album "In Color" in 1977 and was the first single released from that album, but it did not chart in the US.
Cheap Trick bass player Tom Petersson told Classic Rock magazine:
"My recollection is that Rick Nielsen did that song as a bit of a joke, because at the time when we had done that song there was a lot of pop music on the radio - ABBA, and all sorts of things, disco, thought 'I'm just going to do an over-the-top pop song. I just want to do one that's so silly - total pop - and then we'll do a heavy version of it.' He didn't know what was going to happen with it. The idea was to have it like a heavy metal pop song. Cheap Trick doing ABBA - except a very heavy version."
Rick Nielsen explains his perspective behind the song: 
“I just pictured myself in a big, overstuffed chair, and my dad turned on the TV; there were like three stations. I wanted to watch Gabby Hayes – he was a cowboy. I always wanted what wasn’t there, so I think that’s what made me inquisitive throughout my whole life. When you wanted Gabby, Gabby’s not there; when you want your dad, your dad is not there. It was the easiest lyric I could think of. And I wish I were that stupid more often. It’s like Van Morrison – with some of his old songs it didn’t matter what the lyrics meant, it’s how they sounded.”
Years later, Nielsen and Petersson criticized the lightweight production of "I Want You to Want Me" as it originally appeared on their second studio LP, "In Color." Cheap Trick went as far as to mostly re-record that album. Producer Tom Werman explains:
‘“I Want You To Want Me" was a fabulous dancehall type of song, and a perfect pop tune, and it was meant to be a little campy. I put the piano on – a guy named Jai Winding played it. I remember asking the band what they thought of it, and Rick Nielsen kind of shrugged and said, ‘You’re the producer’.” Further: "It was a burlesque song, like a 30’s number. That is what they wrote it as." 
"I Want You to Want Me" was a number-one single in Japan. Its success in Japan, as well as the success of its preceding single "Clock Strikes Ten" and its followup "Surrender", paved the way for Cheap Trick's famous concerts at Nippon Budokan in Tokyo in April 1978 that were recorded for the group's most popular album, "Cheap Trick at Budokan". A live version of "I Want You to Want Me" from the album "Cheap Trick at Budokan" was released in 1979 and became their biggest selling single, reaching #7 on the Billboard Hot 100. It was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America, representing sales of one million records. In Canada, it reached #2 in on the "RPM" national singles chart, remaining there for two weeks. It was also the band's highest charting single in Britain, where it reached #29.
The single was certified Gold in Canada for the sale of 5,000 singles in September 1979.
Version Differences.
The live version has a higher tempo than the album version, which contributed to its success. However, the album version features an echo at the verse "Didn't I, didn't I, didn't I see you cryin' (cryin)". This echo does not appear in the live version. The crowd, however, emulates the echo by chanting "cryin'". The live version consists of two guitar solos, while the studio version has a piano fill as a second instrumental. Between 1976 and 1977, Cheap Trick recorded a version played in the style that they did in concerts in 1975 and 1976. It was played with dramatic vocals, high tempo and two guitar solos. It was released in 1996. The earliest version of the song was played in 1976, almost identical to the "alternate" version (closer to the version they had originally played), except with a slightly different song structure. This version was released in 1998.
Critical reception.
In the 2007 book "Shake Some Action: The Ultimate Power Pop Guide", a section on Cheap Trick featured reviews on the top 20 stand-out tracks from the band. One track included was "I Want You to Want Me", where the author John M. Borack wrote ""The "In Color" version lacked anything resembling balls, but that was remedied on the hit version from the groundbreaking "Cheap Trick at Budokan" disc. A piece of history and a darned cool tune, to boot.""

</doc>
<doc id="2850265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850265" title="Mount Panorama Circuit">
Mount Panorama Circuit

Mount Panorama, Motor Racing Circuit Bathurst (or often simply Bathurst) is a motor racing track located in Bathurst, New South Wales, Australia. It is the home of the Bathurst 12 Hour motor race, held each February, and the Bathurst 1000 motor race, held each October. The track is long, and is technically a street circuit, as the circuit is a public road when no racing events are being run, and there are many residences which can only be accessed from the circuit.
The track is an unusual design by modern standards, with a 174 metre (570 foot) vertical difference between its highest and lowest points, and grades as steep as 1:6.13. From the start-finish line, the track can be viewed in three sections; the short pit straight and then a tight left turn into the long, steep Mountain straight; the tight, narrow section across the top of the mountain itself; and then the long, downhill section of Conrod Straight, with the very fast Chase and the turn back onto pit straight to complete the lap.
Historically, the racetrack has been used for a wide variety of racing categories, including everything from open-wheel racers to motorcycles. However, the factors that make the track so unusual, and tighter contemporary safety standards, make it unlikely that major race meetings in these categories will be held there again, and as such it has become the near-exclusive province of closed-bodied automobile racing cars.
As a public road, on non-race days and when it is not closed off during the day as part of a racing event, Mount Panorama is open to the public. Cars can drive in both directions around the circuit for no charge. However, a strict speed limit of is enforced, and police regularly patrol the circuit.
The Circuit.
The Mount Panorama circuit is known as one of the most fearsome circuits in the World. It also has the fastest corner in Touring car racing, in turn 20 (the Chase). French sportscar driver Alexandre Premat, who later raced as a V8 Supercar regular, once described the circuit as "A mix of the (Nürburgring) Nordschleife, Petit Le Mans (held at Road Atlanta) and Laguna Seca". German Maro Engel also described the circuit as the "Blue Hell", as a play on the Nurburgring's nickname "Green Hell".
The Pit Straight.
The Pit straight of Mount Panorama, which is adjacent to the pit complex, has a different start line and finish line. For the standing start only, the start line is 143 m closer to Hell Corner so that all the pit bays are located after the finish line for lap counting purposes. The start line is located where it is so that traffic does not go too far around Murray's Corner when the start grid is formed.
Hell Corner.
The common misperception of nomenclature due to the accidents that happen at this turn are widespread. Hell Corner was so named after the tree stump that existed on the apex of turn one, it was believed that any motor bike riders who hit the stump would die in an act of folly and thereby be doomed to an eternity of death.
Mountain Straight.
Mountain Straight is a long straight that begins the climb up the mountain towards Griffins Bend. V8 Supercars reach speeds up to as drivers race over the crest immediately prior to braking for Griffins Bend.
In the days before modern aerodynamics, drivers would have to lift off the throttle to prevent becoming airborne over the crest halfway up the straight.
Griffins Bend.
Also known as GTX Bend (the corner's first sponsor), Griffins Bend was named after the Mayor of Bathurst whose vision it was to create the scenic road/race-track. Drivers heading around this right-hander have to be careful not to drift too far out of this negatively-cambered turn and hit the wall upon exit. Allan Moffat spun his Ford XA Falcon GT Hardtop here in 1973, narrowly being missed by a couple of 's he had just passed going up Mountain Straight.
The Cutting.
Referred to for many years as "BP Cutting", this is a pair of left hand corners, leading into a steep 1:6 grade exit. Overtaking is virtually impossible here, and it is very hard to recover from a spin here because of the narrow room and steep gradient. This corner was the location of the infamous 'race rage' incident between Marcos Ambrose and Greg Murphy, after Murphy and Ambrose collided when both drivers refused to give the other "racing room" during the 2005 Supercheap Auto 1000, Ambrose's last before he moved to the United States for racing.
Reid Park.
After exiting the Cutting, drivers have a right hand turn, heading up, then into a left hand turn. This is Reid Park. Reid Park is named after the Bathurst City Engineer Hughie Reid, who re-designed sections of the track to be more suitable for Motor Racing. One of the most famous incidents in the history of the Bathurst 1000 occurred here when Dick Johnson crashed his Ford XD Falcon out of the lead on lap 18 of the 1980 Hardie-Ferodo 1000. Johnson was unable to avoid a large rock that had fallen from the spectator area as he was passing a quick-lift tow truck at the time and had no where else to go. The car was destroyed, taking with it Johnson's means of supporting his racing ambitions. An emotional public appeal followed during the race's telecast which re-launched Johnson's career.
Sulman Park.
After Reid Park, drivers brave a steep drop, flowing into a climbing left hand turn, heading back towards the highest point of Mount Panorama. This is also the location of Sulman Park and its Nature Park. Jason Bright crashed here in his Ford Falcon in practice during the 1998 FAI 1000, then saw the car rebuilt in time to scrape into qualifying in the dying minutes before Bright and Steven Richards went on to victory. This corner was also the scene of a crash in a support race in 2006 that claimed the life of Mark Porter.
McPhillamy Park.
McPhillamy Park is a downhill, deceptively fast left hand turn which is guarded by a crest prior to turn-in, rendering the corner blind to approaching drivers. Drivers have to stay close to the wall while turning so as not to go out wide upon exit. To go too close, however, may cause the car to clip the inside kerbing, which Allan Moffat famously did in practice for the 1986 James Hardie 1000, crashing the Holden Commodore he shared with long time rival Peter Brock head on to the concrete. McPhillamy Park is the location of the longest-running campsite for those who camp at the track (sometimes for over a week in advance of a race). The park was named after Walter J. McPhillamy, a previous mayor of the Bathurst City Council and the owner of most of the land occupied by the Bald Hills which was donated.
McPhillamy was the site of Bill Brown's fearsome rollover during the 1971 Hardie-Ferodo 500 when the front right tyre on his Ford Falcon GTHO Phase III blew at over , sending Brown up an earth bank before barrel-rolling along the fence. A pair of marshals stationed at the point were lucky to escape being hit after taking evasive action. Amazingly, Brown suffered only minor cuts and bruises in the accident largely due to the driver's seat breaking in the initial impact. The famous corner was also the site of the crash between the Falcons of Bob Morris and Christine Gibson that blocked the track and stopped the 1981 James Hardie 1000 on lap 120, 43 laps short of race distance giving Dick Johnson and John French the win.
Brock's Skyline.
A short straight connects McPhillamy to the next corner. Named 'Brock's Skyline' after nine-time Bathurst 1000 winner Peter Brock, Skyline is a sharply descending right hand corner which signifies the beginning of the descent from the top of the Mountain. The corner acquired the name from the visual effect of looking upwards at the corner from below, such is the sharpness of that initial plunge. During the 1970 Hardie-Ferodo 500, driver Tony Roberts lost control of his Ford Falcon and launched over Skyline backwards, tumbling down the hillside.
The Esses.
The Esses are the series of corners which begin at Skyline and stretch down the Mountain towards Forrest's Elbow. There have been many notable accidents at this part of the circuit, including a blockage of the track in 2003 when Jason Bargwanna made contact with David Brabham. The most famous of the Esses, the Dipper (the third in the sequence), is a sharp left hand corner so named because, before safety changes were made, there was a dip in the road surface and a steep drop not far from the edge of the road, and many cars were able to get two wheels off of the ground.
Forrest's Elbow.
'The Elbow' – named after Jack Forrest, a motorcycle racer who scraped his elbow away after laying down his bike – is a slow, descending left-hand turn that leads on to the long Conrod Straight. The corner's line drifts towards the outside wall on exit and drivers have to be careful of getting too close. It was just past here that Dick Johnson clipped a tyre barrier just after exiting the corner during the pole qualifying session for the 1983 James Hardie 1000, which resulted in the breaking of the car's steering, sending his Ford Falcon careening off into a grove of trees and demolishing the car. This is also where Craig Lowndes aquaplaned into the tyre wall in 2001.
Conrod Straight.
Formerly known as Main Straight, Conrod Straight was so named because of a con-rod failure that ended the 1939 Easter race of Frank Kleinig in his Kleinig/Hudson racecar. Conrod Straight is the fastest section of Mount Panorama, with today's V8 Supercars just reaching . The straight is a roller-coaster ride featuring two distinct crests, the second of which was rebuilt in 1987. It has been on Conrod where five of the six car-racing deaths on the circuit have occurred – Bevan Gibson, Tom Sulman, Mike Burgmann, Denny Hulme and Don Watson. All except Formula One World Champion Denny Hulme (heart attack) died in high-speed accidents. However, the chicane introduced into Conrod Straight has made it one of the fastest turns in the world. Most drivers arrive at the initial part of the chicane at over . Prior to the introduction of The Chase in 1987, Conrod was a mile long straight where the faster cars were getting airborne over the second hump, which was a contributing factor in Burgmann's accident. The fastest ever speed recorded by a touring car on the old straight was by Scotland's Tom Walkinshaw driving a V12 Jaguar XJS during qualifying for the 1984 James Hardie 1000. Walkinshaw was timed at .
The Chase.
Known for many years as 'Caltex Chase', this three turn sequence was added in preparation for the World Touring Car Championship round in 1987. The section was dedicated to Mike Burgmann, who had died in an accident at the chicane's spot the previous year. Burgmann's death had prompted the building of The Chase. It interrupts Conrod Straight with Australia's fastest right hand bend, descending to the right away from the dangerous crest prior to the spectator bridge, before a sharp left hand bend then second right hand corner returns the competitors to Conrod Straight for the blast down to Murray's Corner. This corner was the scene of Peter Brock's only rollover in his motor racing career when he rolled his Vauxhall Vectra during practice for the 1997 AMP Bathurst 1000. The Chase has been the scene of numerous other rollover accidents: Tomas Mezera during the 1997 Bathurst 1000, John Cleland during the 2004 Bathurst 1000, Len Cave during the 2008 WPS Bathurst 12 Hour, V8 Ute driver Allan Letcher in a support race during the 2009 Bathurst 1000 and Fabian Coulthard during the 2010 Bathurst 1000. Don Watson was killed in an accident at the Chase during qualifying for the 1994 Bathurst 1000.
Murray's Corner.
Murray's Corner is the final corner before Pit Straight and the lowest point of the circuit. It is a 90 degree left hand turn, and is a favourite overtaking spot as drivers hold braking duels for the corner. It was previously called Pit Corner before Bill Murray crashed his Hudson racing car there in 1946.
Lap records.
The fastest lap ever recorded at Mount Panorama was achieved in March 2011. As part of a publicity exercise for the 2011 Australian Grand Prix and for the team's sponsors Vodafone, McLaren brought an MP4-26 Formula One car for Jenson Button and Craig Lowndes to drive around the track. The fastest lap was recorded by Button at 1:48.88, but as it was not recorded during an official race it does not count as the official lap record. During the 2014 Liqui Moly Bathurst 12 Hour Shane Van Gisbergen set a 2m03.8506s lap in the number 37 Darrell Lea McLaren MP4-12C GT3. The fastest ever lap of the pre-1987 circuit was a 2:09.7 set by Formula 5000 driver Neil Allan in 1970 driving a McLaren M10B-Chevrolet.
Kevin Bartlett set the first ever lap of the Mount Panorama Circuit at the Easter meeting in 1967 driving a Repco Brabham BT11A, recording a 2:17.7 lap. For his achievement he was awarded 25 bottles of champagne. Later in the weekend he won the NSW State Road Racing Championship and lowered his lap record to 2:17.4, which earned him another 100 bottles. With a time of 2:17.8, Allan Grice set the first 100 mph lap of the circuit for a touring car (under Group C regulations) during qualifying for the 1982 James Hardie 1000 driving a V8 powered Holden VH Commodore SS. Four years later at the 1986 James Hardie 1000, Grice also set the first 100 mph lap in a Group A touring car driving a Holden VK Commodore SS Group A, recording a 2:16.16 in official qualifying.
Lap records for the various racing classes are:
† - time was set on the original 6.172 km (3.835 mi) layout.
Upgrades.
In 2012, the New South Wales state government announced that the circuit would receive debris fencing to the pit wall to comply with FIA rules for 2013. The circuit will also have two new grandstands for 2012 at the Chase (grandstand will be called 'The Chase') and at Murrays Corner (grandstand will be called 'The Museum'). These grandstands were built specifically for the predicted record crowds to attend the 50th running of the Supercheap Auto Bathurst 1000 in 2012.
Notable races.
The very first race held at the Mount Panorama circuit was the 1938 Australian Grand Prix. Since that historic meeting 'the Mountain' has attracted some of the biggest races in the country. The Australian Grand Prix was held here four times (1938, 1947, 1952 and 1958) and the circuit also played host to the Australian motorcycle Grand Prix for a significant portion of pre-world championship life (1984–87). The Australian Tourist Trophy and the Australian Touring Car Championship also visited sporadically as well as numerous other Australian Championships. The circuit has been home to one of the world's classic endurance events, the Bathurst 1000 since 1963 after the race was moved from the Phillip Island Circuit in Victoria (the race was 500 miles between its start at Phillip Island in 1960, and from 1963 to 1972 at Bathurst before being changed to its current 1000 km format in 1973), as well as other races inspired by it, the Bathurst 12 Hour and now defunct Bathurst 24 Hour.
The first Motorsport event was a speed hillclimb held from Mountain Straight up to Reid Park. This event is still held today as a round of the NSW Hillclimb Championship.
In 2008, the circuit hosted the IGSA Gravity Sports World Championships: skateboard downhill and street luge downhill. The race began at Skyline and ended at Conrod Straight.
Racing deaths at Mount Panorama.
Sixteen competitors have died during racing associated with Mount Panorama, including 1967 World Drivers' Champion Denny Hulme who died after suffering a fatal heart attack while at the wheel of his car. Two spectators were also killed in 1955 after being struck by a crashing car.

</doc>
<doc id="2850270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850270" title="Emily Davies">
Emily Davies

Sarah Emily Davies (22 April 1830 – 13 July 1921) was an English feminist, suffragist and a pioneering campaigner for women's rights to university access. She is principally remembered as being the co-founder and first Mistress of Girton College, Cambridge University, the first college in England to educate women.
Life.
She was born in Carlton Crescent, Southampton, England to an evangelical clergyman and a teacher, although she spent most of her youth in Gateshead. 
In 1862, after the death of her father, Davies moved to London, where she edited a feminist publication, the "English Woman's Journal", and became friends with women's rights advocates Barbara Bodichon, Elizabeth Garrett Anderson and her younger sister Millicent Fawcett. Davies became a founder member of a women's discussion group, the Kensington Society.
Davies began campaigning for a woman's right to educate. She was active on the London School Board and in the Schools Inquiry Commission and was instrumental in obtaining the admission of girls to official secondary school examinations.
She then advocated for the admission of women to the Universities of London, Oxford and Cambridge. Like all universities at this time, these were exclusively male domains.
She also became involved in the Suffrage movement, which centred on a woman's right to vote. She was involved in organizing for John Stuart Mill's 1866 petition to the British Parliament) (which was signed by Paulina Irby, Elizabeth Garrett Anderson and 15,000 others) the first to ask for women's suffrage. That same year, she also wrote the book "The Higher Education of Women".
In 1869, Davies led the founding of Britain's first women's college, Girton College at Hitchin, Hertfordshire. In 1873, the institution moved to Cambridge, Cambridgeshire. From 1873 to 1875, Davies served as mistress of the college, where she then served as Secretary until 1904. The college was not permitted to grant full Cambridge University degrees to women until 1948.
In June 1901, she received the honorary Doctor of Laws (DLL) from the University of Glasgow.
Davies also continued her suffrage work. In 1906, she headed a delegation to Parliament. She was known for opposing the militant and violent methods used by the Suffragette part of the women's suffrage movement, led by the Pankhursts.
In 1910, Davies published "Thoughts on Some Questions Relating to Women". She died in 1921.

</doc>
<doc id="2850279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850279" title="Point Breeze">
Point Breeze

Point Breeze could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2850280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850280" title="John Tonge Centre">
John Tonge Centre

The John Tonge Centre is the mortuary for Queensland Health Forensic and Scientific Services (FSS - formerly Queensland Health Scientific Services) and responsible for conducting autopsies in Brisbane (and much of South-East Queensland in Australia) on people whose deaths make them subject to the Coroner's Act. Such deaths include accidents, suicides, homicides, deaths during surgery and anything for which a doctor is unwilling to issue a medical cause of death certificate for. In cases when the family is called upon to attend the Centre to identify a loved one counselling services are generally available. The John Tonge Centre performs some 1,200 autopsies annually and is adjacent to the Queen Elizabeth II Jubilee Hospital on Kessels Road in Coopers Plains.
History.
From 1879 until 1992 the Brisbane morgue occupied five different sites on the north bank of the Brisbane River. The building was flooded in 1887, in the 1890 flood it collapsed into the Brisbane River then in the 1893 flood it was washed away. It was then reconstructed further downstream at Gardens Point. Finally, in 1992 the morgue moved to the John Tonge Centre at Coopers Plains. 
Criticism.
There have been accusations of long delays in DNA testing for criminal cases and further accusations about poor treatment of the dead. In 2005 an employee of the centre was under investigation regarding stolen body parts, based on written accusations by colleagues from some years before.
A twenty-six million dollar construction operation was undertaken to help rectify the existing problems and the John Tonge Centre now has an annual budget of forty-five million dollars with a massive resulting reduction in the DNA backlog.

</doc>
<doc id="2850281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850281" title="Sidney Moncrief">
Sidney Moncrief

Sidney A. Moncrief (born September 21, 1957) is a retired American professional basketball player. As an NCAA college basketball player from 1975 to 1979, Moncrief led the University of Arkansas Razorbacks trio known as "The Triplets" to the 1978 Final Four, which ended in a win in the NCAA Consolation Game versus #6 Notre Dame. Nicknamed Sid the Squid, Sir Sid, and El Sid, Moncrief went on to play 11 seasons in the NBA, as his career was cut short by degenerative knees. A noted defensive player, he won the first two NBA Defensive Player of the Year awards in 1983 and 1984.
College career.
Moncrief, Marvin Delph of Conway, Arkansas, and Ron Brewer of Fort Smith, Arkansas ("The Triplets"), along with head coach Eddie Sutton and assistant coach Gene Keady, resurrected the University of Arkansas basketball program in the 1970s from decades of modest success and disinterest, and helped lay the foundation for what became one of the country's premier college basketball programs through the mid-1990s. Moncrief's leadership on the court and electrifying play renewed interest in the Razorback program, and ushered in the winning tradition in the Arkansas basketball program. His jersey was retired not long after he graduated from school and went on to the NBA, and is still the only one. Moncrief was the school's all-time leading scorer until Todd Day broke his record in 1992.
NBA career.
Moncrief's NBA career started with the Milwaukee Bucks in 1979 when he was drafted 5th overall. Moncrief spent the next ten seasons with the Bucks. In Game 3 of the first round of the 1982 NBA Playoffs, Moncrief made a running bank shot at the buzzer to beat the Philadelphia 76ers. After sitting out of the NBA for one year, Moncrief played one season with the Atlanta Hawks before retiring. The Bucks retired his no. 4 jersey in 1990, and rededicated it at halftime on January 19, 2008, when the Warriors, with whom he was a shooting coach, visited the Bradley Center in Milwaukee, Wisconsin to play the Bucks.
During the 1980s, Moncrief was the leader of the Milwaukee Bucks, who had the third best winning percentage for the decade behind only the Los Angeles Lakers and Boston Celtics. Moncrief was known for his versatility on the court, particularly given his 6′4″ stature, but was most known for his tenacious defensive plays. Many say he was one of the greatest Shooting Guards of his time, but he was never able to get to the Finals, as the Bucks frequently came up short in the Eastern Conference Finals. Moncrief was named the NBA Defensive Player of the Year for the 1982–83 and 1983–84 seasons. He also made the All-Star team for five consecutive years and was named to the All-NBA first team for the 1982–83 season. Moncrief averaged over 20 points per game in four seasons of his career and finished his 11-season NBA career with an average of 15.6 PPG.
Among Moncrief's admirers was All-Star Michael Jordan who once described his on-court intensity to an "L.A. Times" reporter: "When you play against Moncrief, you're in for a night of all-around basketball. He'll hound you everywhere you go, both ends of the court. You just expect it."
Moncrief was elected to the Wisconsin Athletic Hall of Fame in 1998.
Post-playing career.
Moncrief was the head coach at the University of Arkansas-Little Rock for one season, 1999-2000. The Trojans finished with a record of 4 wins and 24 losses in Moncrief's only season. 
In 2006, Moncrief returned to basketball as the head coach of the Fort Worth Flyers, a professional basketball team in the NBA D-League. He rejoined the NBA in October 2007 when he became the shooting coach for the Golden State Warriors. In 2011 he returned to the Milwaukee Bucks as an assistant coach.
It was announced in July 2013 that Moncrief would analyze and commentate Bucks games for FSN Wisconsin.
Personal life.
Moncrief's son Brett was a wide receiver for Mississippi Gulf Coast Community College and now plays for the Troy University Trojans in Troy, Alabama.
Popular culture.
Moncrief was portrayed by Ahmed Best in the 2011 movie "Poolboy: Drowning Out the Fury".
Moncrief gained some new popularity when he and the 1984-85 Bucks were featured as a historic team in NBA 2K13.

</doc>
<doc id="2850283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850283" title="Badimaya language">
Badimaya language

Badimaya (Parti-maya) is an Australian Aboriginal language. It is one of the Kartu languages of the Pama–Nyungan family. 
Badimaya country lies in the area between Mount Magnet and Dalwallinu. The Yamaji Language Centre has been carrying out work on the Badimaya language since 1993 and has produced an illustrated wordlist as well as grammatical materials and a dictionary (the latter two unpublished). A grammar of Badimaya was written by Leone Dunn in the 1980s.
Widi may have been another name for, or a variety of, Badimaya.

</doc>
<doc id="2850284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850284" title="Scoop Lewry">
Scoop Lewry

Louis Harrington "Scoop" Lewry, (April 16, 1919 – February 25, 1992) was a Canadian politician and reporter.
Born in Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan, he was elected as an alderman on the Moose Jaw City Council in 1948. Lewry later became mayor of the city in 1950 and served in this role until 1956. He was married to Jean Lewry (née Munroe), and had five children, Philip (Doreen Ludke), Catherine (Robert Patterson), Janet, Harold, and Mary (Roger Rothwell). He had 13 grandchildren and 7 great grandchildren.
In 1957, he ran and won in a close race for the position of Member of Parliament for Moose Jaw—Lake Centre as a Co-operative Commonwealth Federation candidate. He ran again in 1958, losing widely to J. Ernest Pascoe in the Diefenbaker landslide. Pascoe was the same Conservative candidate he had defeated a year earlier.
He then served as Mayor again, from 1965 to 1970 and, in a third term of office, from 1983 to 1988.
In 1980, he was made a Member of the Order of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2850293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850293" title="Golra Sharif">
Golra Sharif

Golra Sharif is a town situated near the Margalla Hills, in the Islamabad Capital Territory, Pakistan, at about above sea level, from the ancient city of Taxila. The Mausoleum of Meher Ali Shah, Golra Sharif has a lot of importance for the people of the Pothohar Plateau and yearly anniversary of the Pir Meher Ali Shah (RA) is attended by thousands every year to pay their regards.
Geographical importance.
Prior to the arrival of Hazrat’s ancestors Golra Sharif was just a small village named golra owned by abdullah golra and khair Muhammad golra in the suburbs of Rawalpindi.
Golra Sharif also has fundamental importance geographically. The vast tracts of Margalla Hills and their adjoining plains have been witness to a vast panorama of chequered history. The area extending from Hasan Abdal to the neighborhood of Taxila, a settlement traced back to 2000 years, is custodian of a rich cultural heritage of pre-Islamic period. Even today the archaeological remains dotting the area furnish evidence of the splendid cultural and religious traditions of Buddhist era. Eminent historians of the world agree that it was here that Greek wisdom and Indian civilization meshed together to bring about a synthesis which influenced cultures and art movements everywhere.
With the passage of time, it was overrun by many foreign invaders, such as Greeks, Persians, Afghans, White Huns, Mughals, Sikhs and the British.
Political scenario.
With his rule extending from 1747 to 1773, Ahmad Shah Abdali emerged as one of its last period rulers. After his death his son Taimur Shah ruled the area till 1793. he had to face tremendous pressure from the Marhattas and Sikhs, and by the British at river Sutlaj. when the Afghan ruler, Ahmed Shah Abdali, died and his subedar in Punjab, Maharaja Ranjit Singh, took advantage of the power vacuum and proclaimed his autonomy, it became a part of Sikh Kingdom. From 1818 to 1849, the area remained under the Sikhs till it was annexed by the British.
This was the period of great political upheaval and instability. Some of the communities, known as marauding tribes, were addicted to violent crime and internecine warfare. They levied black-mail tax on the roads south of the Margalla Pass.
Railway.
Golra Sharif Railway station is situated on Golra Road in Golra Sharif town. The station was established in 1882 during the British rule. It is an important junction of Pakistan Railways to link Peshawar, Kohat, Havelian and Multan. Now its get more importance due to its Railways Heritage Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="2850294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850294" title="2001–02 in Belgian football">
2001–02 in Belgian football

The 2001–02 season was the 99th competitive season in Belgian football.
National team.
Belgium ended their qualifying campaign for the Football World Cup 2002 at the second place in Group 6. It qualified for the World Cup after the playoff games and lost in the round of 16.
Key

</doc>
<doc id="2850296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850296" title="Wild Ducks Flying Backward">
Wild Ducks Flying Backward

Wild Ducks Flying Backward is Tom Robbins' book, published on August 30, 2005. It is an anthology of poems, short stories, essays, reviews, and other brief writings over Robbins' career.

</doc>
<doc id="2850308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850308" title="B*A*P*S">
B*A*P*S

B*A*P*S is a 1997 comedy film written by Troy Beyer, directed by Robert Townsend, and starring Halle Berry and Martin Landau.
Plot.
Nisi (Halle Berry) and Mickey (Natalie Desselle-Reid) are waitresses in a soul food diner in Decatur, Georgia (a suburb of Atlanta). Their dream is to open the world's first combination hair salon and soul food restaurant.
To accumulate start-up money, they audition for a music video in Los Angeles. Through an unusual turn of events, they end up assisting a Beverly Hills butler and caring for an aging millionaire who welcomes them into his mansion. They become Black American Princesses (BAPs) "livin' large and takin' charge!" amongst the rich and famous.
They soon find themselves in the middle of a plot to milk the millionaire of his fortune.
Awards and nominations.
1998 Acapulco Black Film Festival
Reception.
The reception was overwhelmingly negative. It has a 13% fresh rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Roger Ebert gave the film a rare no-stars rating, calling it "jaw-droppingly bad."

</doc>
<doc id="2850313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850313" title="Dynasty Warriors 5">
Dynasty Warriors 5

Gameplay.
The gameplay of "Dynasty Warriors 5" is based on previous "Dynasty Warriors" games. It is a hack-and-slash beat-'em-up 3-D action game.
The game features multiple modes. Musou Mode presents a number of chronologically consecutive battle stages revolving around one chosen character, augmented by animation and character-voiced storytelling that provides context for battles and actions. Free Mode allows a player to play default levels and those that have been completed in Musou Mode one at a time. Both Musou Mode and Free Mode allow for two-player cooperative gameplay. Challenge Mode introduces a number of specialized stages with specific challenges, including time trials. The Camp feature allows the player to inspect unlocked items, bodyguards, and officers. The Encyclopedia feature gives a description of each officer in "Dynasty Warriors 5", including every non-player character. The Options feature stores viewed pre-rendered videos and offers gameplay and presentation options to the player.
The stronghold feature from "" is also included in "Dynasty Warriors 5". This aspect of gameplay introduces bases to the battlefield. Friendly bases may need protection, while defeating enemy bases earns bonuses to attack or defense or a musou and health-restoring item. Neutral bases can also be captured as strategic points.
Characters.
"* Denotes new characters to the series"
Expansions.
"Dynasty Warriors 5: Xtreme Legends".
Dynasty Warriors 5: Xtreme Legends (真・三國無双4 猛将伝) is a minor expansion to "Dynasty Warriors 5". This game was released on November 16, 2005 and is playable only on the PlayStation 2 video game console.
"Dynasty Warriors 5: Xtreme Legends" does not allow the player to play Musou Mode or Free Mode if the player does not possess the original "Dynasty Warriors 5" game disk. New game modes included Destiny Mode, Xtreme Mode, and Legend Mode.
Xtreme Mode is a parallel to Shura Mode in "Dynasty Warriors 5 Special", in which the objective of the game is for the human-controlled character to survive as long as possible while collecting gold dropped by enemies to regain health and increase stats temporarily.
In Destiny Mode, the player is first allowed to customize a character. After creating a personalized character, a player will be asked to join the Kingdom of Shu, Wei and Wu. While in this mode, you will be playing as a character with very few attacks (starting off with only 2 fundamental hits) and will be "protected" by a chosen officer near the character. The officer will heal the character continuously when injured during battle, so long as the character is nearby. A unique feature of Destiny Mode is that at times the player is given the option to betray one force, while setting a ruse for another. For example, a player receives a letter from Cao Cao, the King of Wei, in which he asks the player to defect from the Kingdom of Wu to the Kingdom of Wei. If the player defers the offer to switch sides their commander may approach them in the hopes of creating a ruse to destroy the opposing force. If the player chooses to accept the option from their commander they will fight for the other side temporarily. When the time is right their original commander will have them move the opposing commander to a set position which will trigger their ruse and supporting units will ambush the opposing commander to support the player's defection.
"Dynasty Warriors 5 Special".
"Dynasty Warriors 5 Special" ("Shin Sangoku Musou 4 Special") is another expansion to the game. This game was released on the 22nd of December, 2006 on the Xbox 360 and Microsoft Windows in Japan and shortly thereafter for Windows in Taiwan.
This version of the game is a combination of the original game and some Xtreme Legends features, including Legend Mode and Xtreme Mode. It does not include Edit Mode or Destiny Mode, but it does include the new items from Xtreme Legends. It includes gamepad support, allowing the user to use PlayStation 2 or Xbox 360-style controllers compatible with Windows.
The Windows version also has improved graphical features, such as real-time shadows.
"Dynasty Warriors 5: Empires".
Dynasty Warriors 5: Empires (真・三國無双4 Empires) is the second Dynasty Warriors Empires expansion by Omega Force of Koei. "Dynasty Warriors 5: Empires" was released on March 28, 2006 for both the PlayStation 2 and Xbox 360 video game consoles.
This game is focused upon strategy game play. In Empire Mode, which features five new stages not in Dynasty Warriors 5, the player initially enacts various policies within a chosen state by consulting with the state's officers and delegating responsibilities to others. Battle tactics can be discussed, a feature of other titles in the strategy genre, such as "Romance of the Three Kingdoms".
Other than Empire Mode, new items and weapons are introduced. Another new feature is the ability of being able to order non player officers to group, attack, or defend certain areas of the battlefield and choose which specific officer you wish to carry out these feats. Time limits can also be altered to fit your needs, also special tactics can be used to turn the tides of battle.
In addition to the original "Dynasty Warriors 5" soundtrack, this expansion adds soundtracks from previous titles, including "Dynasty Warriors 2", "Dynasty Warriors 3" and "Dynasty Warriors 4".
The Dynasty Warriors Empires expansion is the only expansion where players can play as "minor" officers, that did not originally have their own storyline in any of the previous Dynasty Warriors games. These officers also do not have their own "skin", but there are several group skins for them (in the same battle, officers of the same skin group look identical). In every other Dynasty Warriors game, minor officers are NPCs.
Stages.
Many of the stages are recreations of notable battles present historically or from the novel "Romance of the Three Kingdoms", while original creations became more common with the newer installments.
Trading Card Game.
Koei published a series of trading card game (「真・三國無双 4」トレーディングカードゲーム) based on "Dynasty Warriors 5" in 2005-7-29. The cards are illustrated by Hiroyuki Suwahara. Starter box (53 cards) cost 1500 yen, while booster pack (10 cards) cost 280 yen.
Available starter box including Wei set, Wu set, Shu set.
There are total 266 cards in the game, including 36 commander, 160 general, 35 strategy, 15 trap, 20 item. Booster pack include 10 cards from the set of 266.

</doc>
<doc id="2850319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850319" title="Last of the Titans">
Last of the Titans

Last of the Titans is a Big Finish Productions audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". It was given away free with "Doctor Who Magazine" issue 300 and came with the first episode of the Eighth Doctor play "Storm Warning". The story is an updated version of the Audio Visuals story "Vilgreth".
Plot.
The Seventh Doctor is separated from the TARDIS within the bowels of a gigantic, ancient spaceship. The ship has one humanoid inhabitant, but is he really as friendly as he seems?
Notes.
When this story takes place is not certain, because Big Finish did not provide a production code that fits in the running order of the other audios. The Doctor Who Reference Guide website suggests, as the Seventh Doctor is travelling alone, that it takes place near the end of his incarnation, possibly after "The Sirens of Time".

</doc>
<doc id="2850372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850372" title="Auster Agricola">
Auster Agricola

The Auster B8 Agricola was a commercially unsuccessful British agricultural aircraft designed for the aerial topdressing market which opened up in New Zealand in the early 1950s.
Design.
Constructed of fabric over corrosion proofed steel frame the design featured a large high lift low set monoplane wing, external control cables, fixed tail wheel undercarriage and a somewhat angular fuselage, with an aft cabin that could seat two passengers, a hopper over the centre of the wing which could hold 750 kg of superphosphate in the topdressing role, or 654 litres of spray as a crop duster. The pilot sat forward of the hopper over the wing leading edge, a position which gave a good field of view compared with the American practise of placing the pilot behind the hopper, though this view was somewhat restricted by the extensive canopy joinery and bulky rear decking. The Agricola's handling was generally described favourably, particularly its slow speed performance and controls, while its rugged and simple construction allowed for easy maintenance and repair. The aircraft was utilitarian rather than attractive; one web site has short-listed the Agricola in a competition for the ugliest aircraft of all time. The type was first flown in 1955. It was out competed in its target market by the PAC Fletcher and attempts to sell the type for Aerial application work in Britain, Australia and Europe met with little success. Only 9 were made before production ceased. Of these "ZK-BXO", is the sole survivor. Restored by John Stephenson of Whitianga, it was operated for many years by him as both historic aircraft and personal transport. BXO was sold to the UK in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="2850373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850373" title="Quantum flux parametron">
Quantum flux parametron

Invented by Eiichi Goto at the University of Tokyo, the Quantum Flux Parametron (QFP) is an improvement over his earlier parametron based digital logic technology. Unlike its predecessor, QFP uses superconducting Josephson junctions on integrated circuits to improve speed and energy efficiency enormously. In some applications, the complexity of the cryogenic cooling system required is negligible compared to the potential speed gains. While his design makes use of quantum principles, it is not a quantum computer technology, gaining speed only through higher clock speeds. Apart from the speed advantage over traditional CMOS integrated circuit design is that parametrons can be operated with zero energy loss (no local increase in entropy), making reversible computing possible. Low energy use and heat generation is critical in supercomputer design, where thermal load per unit volume has become one of the main limiting factors.
A related technology is the Rapid Single Flux Quantum digital logic.

</doc>
<doc id="2850379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850379" title="Redneck Games">
Redneck Games

The Redneck Games are held in East Dublin, Georgia annually. The games were started by Elbow, a local person who was the general manager of radio station WQZY-FM "Y96". Some American media reacted to the news that Atlanta had won the bid to host the 1996 Olympic Games by saying the event would be organised by a group of rednecks. To begin with it was created to help children's needs. Around 5000 people turned out for the first Redneck Summer Games – over the twice the population of East Dublin.
The games received coverage from Good Morning America, Life, Maxim, MTV Road Rules/Real World Challenge, The Tonight Show, ABC, NBC, CBS, BBC, and FOX.
In 2001, Drew Scott of Wild Country 96.5 "borrowed" the games to set up a fundraising event for the Franklin County NY Make-A-Wish Foundation. Each year, these games have increased in size of the event, crowds and monies raised for the Make-A-Wish Foundation.
In 2010, marking the 9th year of the Annual Redneck Games in Malone, NY, the entertainment was Cledus T. Judd.
The games were canceled in 2013 and might come back in 2014 depending upon interest.
Events.
Some events that are held during the Redneck Games include:
For each of the events, a trophy is awarded; a half crushed, empty mounted beer can.
Canadian version.
The games have now become so popular that they have spread to Canada. Minto Canadian Redneck Games had taken place in Minto, Ontario since 2006. Events include Mud Pit Slip & Slide, Bobbin' for Pig's Feet, Mud Pit Tug-of-War, Mud Pit Belly Flop Contest, Redneck Horseshoes, Hubcap Hurl, Mud Pit Volleyball.
Sources.
Ripley's Believe it or Not (2005). "Planet Eccentric". Ripley Publishing. ISBN 978-1-893951-10-5

</doc>
<doc id="2850384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850384" title="Deb Matejicka">
Deb Matejicka

Deb Matejicka, born in Winnipeg, Manitoba, is a sports journalist formerly working for The Score, a Canadian sports television network. After launching her journalism career in Brandon, Manitoba, she worked for the CTV network in Saskatoon and Regina, Saskatchewan, A-Channel in Calgary, and CKVU in Vancouver. Matejicka began working for The Score in October 2001. Matejicka has three children, two girls, and one boy.

</doc>
<doc id="2850388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850388" title="Recon">
Recon

Recon may refer to:
In film and television:
In games:
In other uses:

</doc>
<doc id="2850389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850389" title="Mind Fruit">
Mind Fruit

Mind Fruit is a 1992 album by Opus III.
"It's a Fine Day" is a cover of a 1983 single by Jane & Barton, while "I Talk to the Wind" is a cover of a King Crimson song from their 1969 debut album "In the Court of the Crimson King". "Stars in My Pocket" is a reference to a novel by Samuel R. Delany, while "Into This Universe" features a recital of an English translation of a poem by medieval Persian poet Omar Khayyam.
Track listing.
All songs written by Kevin Dobbs, Nigel Walton, Ian Munro, and Kirsty Hawkshaw, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="2850390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850390" title="The Ratings War">
The Ratings War

The Ratings War is a Big Finish Productions audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who. It was given away free with Doctor Who Magazine issue 313 along with the first episode of the Eighth Doctor audio play "Invaders from Mars".
Plot.
Beep the Meep has a new docudrama, but can the Sixth Doctor stop the fur from flying?
Continuity.
Beep the Meep is a character from the Doctor Who Magazine comics. He appeared against the Fourth Doctor in "The Star Beast" and "The Star Beast II". The events of the second story are referenced in this play.

</doc>
<doc id="2850394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850394" title="Guru Mother">
Guru Mother

Guru Mother is a 1994 album by Opus III. It features the dance club hit "When You Made The Mountain". The album contains positive lyrics including one track that is a Sanskrit prayer ("Guru Mother"). It integrates strands of Eastern spirituality (the belief that all nature is divine) with ecology. The CD booklet also included the poem "Let There Be Many Windows in Your Soul" by Ralph Waldo Trine. Singer Kirsty Hawkshaw commented on the booklet: "respect to all those who take big risks to preserve our beautiful countryside. to those who don't care about nature: without it we are nothing. all the sahaja yogis of the world and last but no least the holy spirit for guiding, inspiring and connecting us all the way."
The cover was created by Colin Heinsen. 

</doc>
<doc id="2850399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850399" title="Veľké Kapušany">
Veľké Kapušany

Veľké Kapušany () is a small town on the eastern plains of Slovakia, not far from the Ukrainian border.
Name.
The name "Kapušany" is probably derived from the Latin word "Copus", meaning "gate".
History.
The territory of the town has been settled since time immemorial (findings from the Neolithic period). From the second half of the 10th century until 1918, it was part of the Kingdom of Hungary. The first written references to the settlement stems from 1211 ("Kapos") and 1214 ("Copus"). The settlement was awarded town status in 1430. The town was the second largest settlement (after Uzhhorod) of the Ung County and frequently served as a temporary or permanent station for migrants (Germans, Rusyns, Poles, Hungarians etc.) from the east to the west.
In the town square there is a garden with a plaque commemorating the day the Germans marched into Veľké Kapušany in 1944. This is significant as both Jews and Romas were persecuted and murdered by the Nazis during World War II. At that time, Veľké Kapušany was part of Hungary (based on the First Vienna Award).
The following villages were merged with the town: Malé Kapušany (after 1913), Veškovce (1964).
Characteristics.
Wood processing, food and building materials industries and Slovak and Hungarian high schools are located there as is a railroad transfer facility for goods on the broad gauge railroad to Ukraine.
Many Communist remnants remain, notably the apartment buildings of the Communist era, where mainly poor Roma people now live. The rest of the population lives in mostly comfortable-looking homes and farms outside of the main thoroughfare but still within the town's borders.
There are several churches, but no synagogue in Veľké Kapušany. On the outskirts of the town there is a heavily damaged Jewish cemetery.
Ethnic groups.
According to the official census from 2001, the population include 56.98% Hungarians, 35.92% Slovaks, and 4.32% Roma.
In 1910, 33.8% of the population was Jewish.
Twin towns — Sister cities.
Veľké Kapušany is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="2850412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850412" title="Lochwinnoch, Ontario">
Lochwinnoch, Ontario

Lochwinnoch is a settlement that straddles both Horton Township and McNab/Braeside in Renfrew County, Ontario, Canada.
Lochwinnoch Church was opened November 11, 1894.
One of two round barns is located in Lochwinnoch. It was built in 1884.

</doc>
<doc id="2850414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850414" title="OMAC (comics)">
OMAC (comics)

The OMACs (Omni Mind And Community, originally Observational Metahuman Activity Construct) are a fictional type of powerful cyborg that exist in the DC Comics universe. Based on the Jack Kirby character of the same name, the OMACs were created by Greg Rucka and first appeared in "The OMAC Project" #1 (June 2005).
Publication history.
The OMAC Project.
The OMACs are cyborgs, human bodies transformed by a virus into living machines to assassinate any and all beings with superpowers. The virus was created from Brainiac-13's nanotechnology, which had been acquired by the U.S. Department of Defense and Lexcorp, and was then secretly introduced into general vaccine supplies. The OMACs are featured in the mini-series "The OMAC Project" that leads up to the "Infinite Crisis" series.
Brother MK I.
The new OMACs are controlled by the Brother MK I satellite. Brother MK I was created by Batman and programmed by Pseudopersons, Inc., scientist Buddy Blank, who in this retelling of the story is a partner of Wayne Industries. Its sole purpose was to gather data on all metahumans, both villain and hero. Batman had grown distrustful of metahumans after discovering that the Justice League altered his memories following an altercation with Doctor Light (see "Identity Crisis"). Alexander Luthor, Jr. later gave the satellite sentience as part of his plans. Maxwell Lord, recently promoted to the top rank of Checkmate, subverted the original mission of the Brother MK I satellite by inculcating a fear and suspicion of all metahumans. The first OMAC test subject was renamed "Buddy Blank", after the scientist who programmed the satellite.
The OMACs' history may be more recent than Brother MK I's itself. Equus and Pilates, formerly featured in ', are later denounced as former iterations of the OMAC concept. In ' an all mechanical OMAC is an enemy of the Metal Men. Since then, the design has improved to the current form, with little to no changes to the base model.
Brother Eye.
When Maxwell Lord brainwashed Superman to kill Batman, Wonder Woman, and possibly the rest of the JLA, Wonder Woman broke Lord's neck to free Superman from his control. Because Lord proffered this solution while held by her Lasso of Truth, Diana believed this was the only course of action possible; she was fiercely criticized from many quarters.
Brother MK I, rechristening itself Brother Eye, initiated the "KingIsDead" protocol. Specifically designed to be used in the event of Lord's death, it ordered all of the OMACs (all 1,373,462 of them) to attack and kill all the metahumans on Earth and destroy Checkmate. A group superhero effort stopped the attack, using an EMP blast as well as a "Shut Down" command given by Sasha Bordeaux, who had become a third-generation cyborg linked to Brother Eye, now designated Blacknight 1. These measures effectively freed the majority of the OMAC hosts from their nanotech forms and reduced the number of OMACs to roughly 200,000.
Infinite Crisis.
Truth and Justice.
In response, the satellite broadcast footage of Wonder Woman executing Maxwell Lord, preceded by the word MURDER, to media outlets all over the world, destroying her reputation. After this, Brother Eye initiated the final protocol, "Truth and Justice", by having all the remaining OMACs invade and attack her homeland, Themyscira, to wipe out all of the Amazons.
It was revealed that Alexander Luthor was the one who wrestled control of Brother Eye away from Batman. He used it to program his multiverse tuning fork and redirect its energy to where he needed it as part of his attempt to re-create Earth-Two, and in turn, a perfect Earth. Brother Eye continues to aid Alex Luthor by remapping out the multiverse and helping to guard the tuning fork with its OMACs, reasoning that it would eliminate the need for heroes like those who Batman had created it to monitor by aiding in the creation of a perfect Earth.
Downfall of Brother Eye.
Batman leads a collection of superheroes, consisting of: Hal Jordan, John Stewart, Green Arrow (only because Batman is attempting to trust people again and contacted him to see if he would come), Mister Terrific, Black Lightning, Black Canary, the new Blue Beetle, Metamorpho, Booster Gold and Sasha Bordeaux, to Earth's orbit using Intel from Booster Gold and Ted Kord's spaceship. Blue Beetle's scarab allows him to find and reveal Brother Eye's hidden location above Earth by negating its vibrational frequency. Brother Eye sends OMACs and the two groups clash.
With the two Green Lanterns fighting off most of the OMACs and Brother Eye's defenses, the heroes' ship crashes into Brother Eye. Metamorpho provides an oxygen supply as Blue Beetle and Booster Gold are left with the ship to guard it, but Blue Beetle later assists in the destruction of the device that Brother Eye used to hide in orbit and the rescuing of some of the other heroes. Batman goes to distract Brother Eye by shutting off the central computer, although Brother Eye tries to distract him by showing him Nightwing's confrontation with Superboy-Prime. Sasha, linked to Oracle, goes to upload every computer virus on Earth into Brother Eye's system as well as trying to prevent the artificial gravity from shutting down. Black Canary goes to the surveillance room to use her sonic scream to blind the Eye. Black Lightning and Mr. Terrific go to the memory banks so that Black Lightning fries as much circuitry as possible while Mr. Terrific, invisible to machines and electronics, delivers the fatal blow by knocking Brother Eye off orbit using its orbital thrusters.
The plan works, and Brother Eye is deactivated, and begins to fall apart. All of the remaining activated OMACs shut down, releasing their hosts. As the heroes evacuate the falling Brother Eye, it tries to take Batman down with it, telling him he can never trust the costumed heroes again after what they did to him. Batman, however, says that he will take his chances, and accepts Hal Jordan's aid in getting to safety.
After crash-landing in Saudi Arabia, Brother Eye tries to download its system into Sasha as a means of self-preservation. However, Sasha manages to destroy the satellite, freeing herself from the nanobots infecting her.
DCU: A Brave New World/OMAC.
On June 28, 2006, DC released "DCU: A Brave New World", which was the epilogue to the "OMAC" limited series.
Brother Eye has not been fully decommissioned and lies in a NORAD facility. Michael Costner is the last OMAC unit, kept as emergency backup, and Brother Eye calls to him.
This Brother Eye has corrupted programming and now believes that all humans need to be subjugated and/or exterminated, whether metahuman or not. It has also recently begun to manifest disassociative behavior with at least two "personalities" now being heard in the OMAC's internal conversations. Brother Eye attempts to make Costner rebuild itself, but is forced to face his wrath when Costner regains control of both his forms, human and OMAC, and subsequently destroys Brother Eye again; although a tiny fraction of it is still active.
Countdown to Final Crisis.
A portion of Brother Eye was later retrieved and rebuilt by Buddy Blank, a former scientist from Wayne Industries. This portion meets the time-traveling Karate Kid who is seeking a cure for the Morticoccus, a 31st-century illness that evolved from the OMAC virus. Announcing that "the Great Disaster has come to me", Brother Eye directs him to Blüdhaven. Soon after, it reactivates its offensive protocols and assimilates the hangar it is being held in, turning the people within the hangar into new OMAC cyborgs. It then travels to the ruins of Blüdhaven and assimilates the city's infrastructure and the people within it using the Atomic Knights and Firestorm as power sources. Later, it activates a Boom Tube and travels to Apokolips, where it assimilates the entire planet and attempts to obtain the Morticoccus virus from Karate Kid, who has also been led there. However, it is forced to flee Apokolips when attacked by the Pied Piper using the Anti-Life Equation.
Later, Brother Eye transforms Buddy Blank into a modified OMAC resembling Kirby's version of the character. Buddy uses this power to save himself and his grandson from starvation in the Command-D bunker beneath Blüdhaven. Brother Eye implies that it will contact Buddy again for a future need.
Batman and the Outsiders.
A modified OMAC is shown as a part of the new Outsiders team in the 2008 "Batman and the Outsiders" series.
When a team from the Justice League attempts to seize a partially active OMAC, a leftover from "The OMAC Project" events, Batman takes the opportunity to reclaim it for himself—having Dr. Francine Langstrom (the long-suffering wife of Dr. Kirk Langstrom) create a clever forgery to leave in care of the League.
The OMAC, aptly renamed ReMAC, appears to be "an iPod with its tracklist wiped." Dr. Langstrom is unable to discern who ReMAC was before being infected by the OMAC virus; finding ReMAC a mere husk, devoid of any personal identity. This complete lack of personality makes ReMAC the perfect infiltrator, using its advanced shapeshifting abilities and its unquestioning obedience for the Outsiders' sake.
Since its lack of personality allows villains to snatch control of ReMAC, turning it into an enemy, Batman rigs up a telepresence system turning ReMAC into an advanced drone for Salah Miandad, Dr. Langstrom's chief assistant, enabling operation from the Outsiders HQ, the Batcave, or other secret locations.
However, while testing a new neural interface, less dependent from his stamina, to control the former OMAC, Salah is knocked into a coma. His mind comes to reside in ReMAC, supplanting the missing personality of the drone for a while (one full issue), until, due to the machinations of the villainous Simon Hurt, ReMAC is fed a malicious self-destruct code that blows it to pieces, making the restoration of Salah's consciousness impossible.
Final Crisis.
In "Final Crisis", Darkseid and his prophets from Apokolips have taken new forms as humans on Earth after mass-distributing the Anti-Life Equation around the world. Batman has been captured; Superman is on a journey in the multiverse; and Wonder Woman has become a Female Fury. With most of the world's population under the influence of the equation, they are effectively under Darkseid's control seemingly making him the ruler of the Earth.
In the one-shot "Final Crisis: Resist", Mister Terrific and the Checkmate organization are working to mount a resistance against Darkseid, but seemingly do not have the means to do it. Sitting in despair in a Checkmate stronghold, Snapper Carr, through his hopeless rantings, gives Mister Terrific an ingenious idea. Using Sasha Bordeaux to make contact with Brother Eye, he convinces the A.I. to help them, explaining that it will surely be destroyed if Darkseid indeed captures the world.
Realizing this, Brother Eye accepts Mister Terrific's terms and reveals that there are still millions of people infected with OMAC nanotech. These people, now mindless drones of Darkseid, are overwritten by Brother Eye and become OMAC soldiers under the command of Mister Terrific. This gives Checkmate and him the means to forcefully resist Darkseid.
During the "Final Crisis" events when all seems lost, Lord (Brother) Eye prepares to leave the doomed Earth with his OMACs and the people of Command-D, the bunker underneath Blüdhaven, and start a new society on another Earth in another universe. To this end, he asks Renee Montoya to serve as the head of a to-be-founded Global Peacekeeping Agency, her faceless appearance as the Question being an allusion to the faceless agents of the GPA from the original OMAC series.
Generation Lost.
In the "" limited series, the resurrected Maxwell Lord controls the squad of OMACs attacking Jaime Reyes's home and his family. The old Justice League International arrives and takes Jaime's family to safety.
After Max escapes from the JLI, Booster Gold's partner, Skeets informs the JLI that he has the locations of the four formerly-dormant Checkmate cells which he had placed inside robotics laboratories that Max has been in contact with. The JLI travel to Chicago beneath the hidden robotics laboratory and learns that the OMAC variants were pure robots that are human/machine synthesis of the originals. Skeets scans the fingerprints of the robotics laboratory and discovers that Professor Ivo was here.
When Captain Atom absorbs the energy from Magog's spear, he is propelled forward through time 112 years in the future, where Max, while long dead, has plunged humanity into a massive metahuman war ruled by OMACs. Captain Atom battled for survival alongside the future versions of the Justice League, however they all are eventually contaminated by a new version of OMACs and one by one become OMACs themselves. Captain Atom is eventually returned to the present, but not before Batman (Damian Wayne) tells him how to stop Max's ultimate plans.
Afterward, Max gains new abilities to transform his targets into cadaver OMACs. Max uses a device to enhance his mental powers, turning people around the world into OMACs to attack Wonder Woman and the JLI. Max sends the new OMAC known as OMAC Prime that he controls to attack the JLI. During the final battle, OMAC Prime takes Blue Beetle's power, causing it to be nearly unstoppable, but Blue Beetle mentioned to OMAC Prime that it cannot take control with the Scarab's power. Blue Beetle attacks and destroys the OMAC Prime.
Possible Future.
In "Batman" #700 (June 2010), in a vignette within the issue, Damian Wayne, as Batman, is shown having succeeded at what his father had failed: regaining control of Brother Eye.
Kevin Kho.
In The New 52, a reboot of the DC Comics universe that launched in September 2011, a Cambodian-American man named Kevin Kho is introduced as the new O.M.A.C. Maxwell Lord is revealed to have had a hand in Kevin's transformation.
The series was cancelled after running eight issues, due to DC's introduction of a "Second Wave" of new titles. Additionally, O.M.A.C. joined the Justice League International in the title's final issue.
During the "Forever Evil" storyline, the Crime Syndicate of America has captured Kevin Cho's O.M.A.C. form and is planning to use him as a weapon. Harley, who is working for the Thinker, takes O.M.A.C. and activates him causing him to fire a laser on the mountain which collapses on the two teams inside it. Harley arrives at Belle Reve and drops O.M.A.C. near James Gordon, Jr. James Gordon Jr. also learns that the Thinker is planning to use O.M.A.C. While James Gordon Jr. is talking to Harley, the Thinker has taken O.M.A.C. and begins transferring his mind to it. Now activated, O.M.A.C. proceeds to attack Amanda Waller, James Gordon Jr., Harley Quinn, King Shark, and Kamo. King Shark begins to attack Kamo, until Amanda Waller is able to lie to both to get them to help her defeat OMAC. OMAC is fighting King Shark and Kamo while Amanda Waller attempts to activate Belle Reve's failsafe through the Thinker's computer. Before she is able to do so, Kevin Kho reaches out to her telling her he is trapped within OMAC. As Waller works with Kho, the team returns from the mountains, only to be dragged into the fight with OMAC. Having killed Kamo, OMAC is able to defeat Power Girl, Steel, Unknown Soldier, and King Shark and heads further into Belle Reve. Deadshot and Harley find "magic bullets" that will allow them to gain temporary super human powers. Deadshot fires them into Harley, Waller, himself, and Unknown Soldier and the Squad begins to attack OMAC. Kho is able to regain control of OMAC before Waller has to enact her last resort. But without knowing, Captain Boomerang knocks OMAC into a porthole, sending him to another dimension.
Powers and abilities.
Brother Eye can activate the virus in any infected person, at any time, within planetary range. Once activated, the person is covered in cybernetic armor and becomes a thrall to Brother Eye's commands.
An OMAC unit has access to archives on almost every metahuman on file, and can simulate the powers of a variety of superheroes and supervillains in order to target its opponent's weaknesses. Among the powers displayed were the ability to fly, shoot fire, project needles of artificial cellulose (against Alan Scott; an approximation of his weakness to wood), dispense flame-retarding foam, and fire various energy beams from its eye and hands with caustic, concussive, or blinding effects. In addition, the OMAC unit can morph its extremities into blades and pincers. It once simulated Shazam's lightning power and forced Mary Marvel to revert to her human form. It can disable the Eradicator effortlessly.
The only weakness an OMAC has is that it is human beneath its shell, intended as a deterrent to prevent heroes from using lethal force against them. The OMACs are dependent on their assessment of individual heroes. When fighting multiple opponents, they require a few seconds to adapt their countermeasures for each hero. Atom Smasher was able to stop an OMAC that was attacking the JSA by stomping it before it could assess his threat level. OMACs are also very vulnerable to Mister Terrific, as he cannot be detected by technology.
In the "Superman/Batman" series, Brainiac temporarily occupies an OMAC body.
ReMAC, the OMAC possessed by the Outsiders, has the same powers and abilities of a regular OMAC. He greatly differs in his physical makeup, being redder in color and with a more human-like face even in his armored form.
Unable to contact Brother Eye and unable to access his former personality, ReMAC was controlled for a period by Dr. Salah Miandad. In this way, ReMAC retained his invulnerability and strength, but was limited by Salah's personal stamina and attention span, which was not always sufficient for a fight. Salah's mind was later trapped into the ReMAC body by a faulty mind interface, removing the limits of his below-average stamina.

</doc>
<doc id="2850431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850431" title="Life in a Day (song)">
Life in a Day (song)

"Life in a Day" was (until the release of "Over My Shoulder") I Am Kloot's highest charting single coming in at #43 in the UK singles chart in 2003. The second CD featured the music video for "Life in a Day" as well as 2 other B-sides. 
Track listing.
The single was released on three formats, two CDs and one 7" single. All songs written by John Harold Arnold Bramwell.

</doc>
<doc id="2850448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850448" title="List of uniform polyhedra">
List of uniform polyhedra

Uniform polyhedra and tilings form a well studied group. They are listed here for quick comparison of their properties and varied naming schemes and symbols.
This list includes:
Not included are:
Indexing.
Four numbering schemes for the uniform polyhedra are in common use, distinguished by letters:
Table of polyhedra.
The convex forms are listed in order of degree of vertex configurations from 3 faces/vertex and up, and in increasing sides per face. This ordering allows topological similarities to be shown.
Special case.
(*1) : The Great disnub dirhombidodecahedron has 120 edges shared by four faces. If counted as two pairs, then there are a total 360 edges. Because of this edge-degeneracy, it is not always considered a uniform polyhedron.

</doc>
<doc id="2850449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850449" title="KTAL-TV">
KTAL-TV

KTAL-TV, virtual channel 6 (UHF digital channel 15), is an NBC-affiliated television station serving Shreveport, Louisiana, United States that is licensed to Texarkana, Texas (as such, it is the only major network affiliate serving the Shreveport-Texarkana market that is licensed to a city located outside of Louisiana). The station is owned by the Nexstar Broadcasting Group. KTAL maintains studio facilities located on North Market Street and Deer Park Road, northwest of Downtown Shreveport, with a secondary facilities located at the Central Mall in downtown Texarkana off I-30; its transmitter is located in Vivian, Louisiana.
History.
The station first signed on the air on August 16, 1953 as KCMC-TV; it was founded by Clyde E. Palmer, owner of the "Texarkana Gazette" and several other newspapers and radio stations across Arkansas and Texas as well as KCMC radio (740 AM and 98.1 FM, now KTAL-FM). The station originally operated as a primary CBS affiliate, although it also carried select programs from NBC, ABC and DuMont. In May 1954, the station's transmitter power output was increased from 25,000 to 100,000 watts. The station lost the DuMont affiliation when that network shut down in 1956, leaving it as a hybrid CBS/ABC/NBC affiliate.
In 1960, CBS announced that it was dropping its affiliation with KCMC-TV since the signal of Shreveport-based KSLA-TV (channel 12) decently covered Texarkana. This would have forced KCMC-TV to fall back on its secondary affiliation with the then-weak ABC (which would not gain a major foothold in the Nielsen ratings nationally until the late 1960s) or become an independent station – neither of which was a viable option for such a small market. By this time, the Palmer properties had been taken over by Palmer's son-in-law, Walter E. Hussman, Sr. He persuaded the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to collapse Texarkana and Shreveport into a single television market. Hussman then built a new broadcast tower in Vivian – the second-tallest transmission tower in the South at the time.
In late 1960, the station changed its call letters to KTAL-TV (the call letters not only stood for channel 6's three-state service area – Texas, Arkansas and Louisiana – but also referred to the tower, which brought its signal into parts of four states); it simultaneously became the NBC affiliate for the enlarged Shreveport-Texarkana market. Shreveport's original NBC affiliate, KTBS-TV (channel 3), switched to ABC. For many years, the station was known as "K-Tal." In 1961, KTAL-TV moved most of its operations to a new studio on Market Street in Shreveport.
Palmer Newspapers was renamed WEHCO Media, Inc. in 1973; the company is now run by Hussman's son, Walter E. Hussman, Jr.. In 1975, the FCC ruled that WEHCO could not own both KTAL-TV and the "Texarkana Gazette", but it won an appellate court decision in 1979 which stated that the FCC had misinterpreted its own rules. WEHCO thus retained KTAL until July 2000, when it sold the station to the Nexstar Broadcasting Group.
On April 24, 2013, Communications Corporation of America, owner of Fox affiliate KMSS-TV (channel 33) and also operates MyNetworkTV affiliate KSHV-TV (channel 45) under a time brokerage agreement, announced that it would sell its stations to Nexstar. Because Nexstar cannot legally purchase KMSS under FCC ownership rules as Shreveport has only eight full-power stations (the FCC requires a market to have at least eight unique owners once a duopoly is formed), and KTAL and KMSS are among the four highest-rated stations in the Shreveport market, KMSS will instead be sold to Nexstar partner company Mission Broadcasting, while KSHV will be sold to a female-controlled company called Rocky Creek Communications. Nexstar will operate KMSS and KSHV under a shared services agreement, forming a virtual triopoly with KTAL. If the sale receives FCC approval, this will leave Shreveport's six major commercial stations under the control of just three broadcasting companies (the Wray family owns KTBS, while KSLA-TV is owned by Raycom Media).
Digital television.
Digital channels.
The station's digital channel is multiplexed:
Analog-to-digital conversion.
KTAL-TV discontinued regular programming on its analog signal, over VHF channel 6, on June 12, 2009, the official date in which full-power television stations in the United States transitioned from analog to digital broadcasts under federal mandate. The station's digital signal remained on its pre-transition UHF channel 15, using PSIP to display the station's virtual channel as its former VHF analog channel 6.
News operation.
KTAL-TV presently broadcasts 22 hours of locally produced newscasts each week (with four hours on weekdays and one hour each on Saturdays and Sundays). In addition to its main studios in downtown Shreveport, KTAL operates a news bureau at its secondary studio facilities at the Central Mall in downtown Texarkana. The station rebranded from "NewsChannel 6" to "KTAL News" in 2006, dropping the channel number from its branding, as several of Nexstar's stations had done around that time. In 2009, the station once again retitled its newscasts from "KTAL News" to the current "NBC 6 News"; thus, reincorporating its original analog (now virtual) channel number into its branding after a three-year hiatus.
KTAL began broadcasting its local newscasts in partial widescreen standard definition on October 27, 2010. In-studio and field cameras continued to record in SD, with video footage being upconverted to a widescreen format in the control room. 
On April 2, 2012, KTAL debuted a half-hour weekday noon newscast titled "Arkansas Today", produced by Little Rock sister station KARK-TV (anchor Mallory Hardin and meteorologist/co-host Greg Dee also appear on KARK's weekday morning newscast); the statewide newscast features news stories filed by reporters from all four Nexstar-owned NBC stations serving Arkansas as well as a sports segment produced by Fayetteville sister station KNWA-TV, focusing on University of Arkansas athletics, called "Razorback Nation". KTAL also provides a weather insert for southwest Arkansas during the broadcast. In addition to airing on KARK, KNWA and KTAL, the program is also simulcast on KTVE/Monroe-El Dorado (the coverage areas of KTVE and KTAL include several counties in southern Arkansas (ten in KTAL's viewing area, fourteen in KTVE's), though both stations primarily serve parts of northern Louisiana and KTAL also serves parts of northeast Texas).
On June 27, 2012, KTAL became the third (and last) news-producing station in the Shreveport-Texarkana market (after KTBS and KSLA) to begin broadcasting its local newscasts in high definition.
News team.
Current on-air staff.
+ denotes personnel from KARK-TV in Little Rock<br>
Cable carriage.
KTAL is available on cable in Shreveport through Comcast. The station is also carried on 85+ other cable systems in the Ark-La-Tex region. In 2005, Cable One's Texarkana system and Cox Communications' Bossier City system both pulled KTAL due to compensation disputes during renewal negotiations of the station's carriage agreements with both providers, citing KTAL/Nexstar's reported request to increase carriage fees for both providers to 10 cents per subscriber. However, viewers in areas served by CableOne and Cox continued to be able to view the station over-the-air or on satellite via Dish Network or DirecTV. KTAL has since returned to CableOne and Cox, after reaching confidential agreements with both companies (Cox later turned over its Bossier City service area to Suddenlink Communications).
References.
KTAL TV-6

</doc>
<doc id="2850461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850461" title="Ecce Homo (book)">
Ecce Homo (book)

Ecce Homo: How One Becomes What One Is () is the last original book written by philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche before his final years of insanity that lasted until his death in 1900. It was written in 1888 and was not published until 1908.
According to one of Nietzsche's most prominent English translators, Walter Kaufmann, the book offers "Nietzsche's own interpretation of his development, his works, and his significance." The book contains several chapters with "world-historically" ironic, supposedly self-laudatory titles, such as "Why I Am So Wise", "Why I Am So Clever", "Why I Write Such Good Books" and "Why I Am a Destiny". In a paradoxical way, "Ecce Homo" is the quintessential reflection of Nietzsche's humility as a philosopher, writer and thinker. Walter Kaufmann, in his biography "Nietzsche- Philosopher, Psychologist, Antichrist" noticed the internal parallels, in form and language, to Plato's ""Apology"" which documented the Trial of Socrates. In effect, Nietzsche was putting himself on trial with this work, and his sardonic judgments and chapter headings are mordant, mocking, self-deprecating, sly, and they turn this trial "against" his future accusers, distorters, and superficial judges.
Within this work, Nietzsche is self-consciously striving to present a new image of the philosopher and of himself, for example, a philosopher "who is not an Alexandrian academic nor an Apollonian sage, but Dionysian." On these grounds, Kaufmann considers "Ecce Homo" a literary work comparable in its artistry to Vincent van Gogh's paintings. Just as Socrates was presented in Plato's "Apology" as the wisest of men precisely because he freely admitted to his own ignorance, Nietzsche argues that he himself is a great philosopher because of his withering assessment of the pious fraud of the entirety of Philosophy which he considered as a retreat from honesty when most necessary, and a cowardly failure to pursue its stated aim to its "reasonable" end. Nietzsche insists that his suffering is not noble but the expected result of hard inquiry into the deepest recesses of human self-deception, and that by overcoming one's agonies a person achieves more than any relaxation or accommodation to intellectual difficulties or literal threats. He proclaims the ultimate value of everything that has happened to him (including his father's early death and his near-blindness — an example of love of Fate or "amor fati"). In this regard, the wording of his title was not meant to draw parallels with Jesus, but suggest a contrast, that Nietzsche truly is "a man." Nietzsche's point is that to be "a man" alone is to be more than "a Christ".
One of the main purposes of "Ecce Homo" was to offer Nietzsche's own perspective on his work as a philosopher and human being. He wrote: "Under these circumstances I have a duty against which my habits, even more the pride of my instincts, revolt at bottom — namely, to say: "Hear me! For I am such and such a person. Above all, do not mistake me for someone else!"" Throughout the course of the book, he expounds — in the characteristically hyperbolic style found in his later period (1886–1888) — upon his life as a child, his tastes as an individual, and his vision for humanity. He gives reviews and insights about his various works, including: "The Birth of Tragedy", "The Untimely Meditations", "Human, All Too Human", "The Dawn", "The Gay Science", "Thus Spoke Zarathustra", "Beyond Good and Evil", "On the Genealogy of Morality", "Twilight of the Idols" and "The Case of Wagner". The last chapter of "Ecce Homo", entitled "Why I Am a Destiny", is primarily concerned with reiterating Nietzsche's thoughts on Christianity, corroborating Christianity's decadence and his ideas as to uncovering Christian morality.
He signs the book "Dionysus versus the Crucified."

</doc>
<doc id="2850462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850462" title="WWWM-FM">
WWWM-FM

WWWM-FM (105.5 FM) is an American radio station licensed to Sylvania, Ohio and broadcasting as part of the Toledo market.
"Star 105", as the station is known, carries a Hot Adult Contemporary format. The format changed to mainstream Top 40 on March 19, 2012 but as of June 2014 has reverted to Hot AC.
WWWM-FM transmits in HD Radio, with its HD2 channel carrying an Alternative Rock format as "100.7 The Zone," which feeds analog translator W264AK.
History.
The 105.5 MHz spot on the radio dial in the Toledo area began in November 1968 as WGLN, located in a cornfield in western Lucas County, the remote studio-transmitter location was the home of the "Jones Boys", a concept introduced in Toledo by station manager and native Toledoan Michael Drew Shaw. Like WTRX in Flint, Michigan where Shaw had been program director several years before being named manager at WGLN, every DJ used the last name Jones. Among the more notable, Davy Jones, Casey Jones, Tom Jones, and John Paul Jones. More notable D.Js' sporting the name JONES were Joe Hood, Rick Wright, Earl Sharninghouse, and Klaus Helfers, The station featured country music - the first such FM station in the market - and broadcast live performances.
Later the format shifted to oldies ("Golden 105") and then album-oriented rock in 1971. It was Toledo's first so-called underground FM station playing the songs and deep album cuts that no one else in the market was playing at the time. The station, however, was later sold in 1972 to Midwest Broadcasting and by spring of that year, 105.5 FM became a beautiful music station with the callsign of WXEZ. In response to the format change, a citizens' group known as the Citizens' Committee to Keep Progressive Rock filed an objection with the FCC on the basis that Toledo already had several other middle-of-the-road/easy listening-type format stations and did not need another; the FCC rejected the appeal, and the committee continued to appeal the rejection until the Reams family changed WCWA-FM 104.7 to WIOT in December 1972, after which the objection was withdrawn. The original airstaff of WIOT featured several former WGLN staffers from the progressive-rock format.
At this time 105.5 FM was still located in its tiny studio in the rural cornfield setting at its transmitter site in Berkey, Ohio. It later was moved into the newly remodeled garage at the Pickle Road studios of WOHO. By the late 70s it had transformed into an automated "Z-Rock" (current hot hits, no relation to Satellite Music Network's later satellite-delivered format of heavy metal music also called "Z-Rock") station known as "Z-105".
In 1979/1980 the station had a simulcast of big-sister station WOHO 1470 AM for morning drive time as well as for weekend broadcasts of "American Top 40". In 1980 the station went on its own with live local on-air talent. As the format changed from rock to adult contemporary, it was known as "Z-105" to "3WM 105 FM" in the early 1980s. After dumping the WXEZ calls (to a Chicago station) they obtained WWWM-FM (from a Cleveland station who went by "M105"), hence the "3WM".
Their AM sister station on 1470, WOHO, then also changed their calls to WWWM (AM) from 1990-1995. The format was urban contemporary music at the time.
The Toledo duopoly of 1470AM/105.5FM has always been owned by the Lew Dickey family, first as Midwestern Broadcasting, then as Cumulus Broadcasting/Media.
The station rebranded as "Star 105" in 1998 no longer calling itself "3WM 105 FM" changing its format from adult contemporary to a Hot adult contemporary as "Toledo's best music".
In the early 2000s Brian Casey and the wake up brunch woke Toledo up with " A better Variety of the 80's,90's and Today". 
By the mid 2000s "Star 105" Charged is slogan to "Real Music Variety of the 80's, 90's and Today". 
In April 2007, Star 105.5 became Toledo's home for Delilah's syndicated love-songs program, which competes with the John Tesh show on Clear Channel's WRVF. WWWM had previously aired Delilah for a time during the late 1990s. At the same time, the station became known as "Star 105.5" rather than simply "Star 105" and modified its playlist in a more mainstream AC direction, adding more music from the 1970s. However, after Star 105.5 dropped Delilah, and in 2008 replaced her with the Billy Bush show, the station returned to hot AC and pre-1980s music was dropped.
In April 2008, WWWM-FM began continuous HD Radio digital radio broadcasts, but without any HD2 service at this time. The station's HD carrier has been on intermittently since and is off as of March 2012.
By 2011 Star 105.5 starting eliminating 1980's program's such as "The Saturday Night 80's" and "The way back lunch".
March 2012, Cumulus Media stopped syndicating the Billy Bush show.
On March 16, 2012, the Star 105-5 morning duo of Tim and Jeff broadcast their last show. They left Star 105-5 to return to KMCK-FM.
On March 19, 2012 at 12am, the station again started going by "Star 105" (as opposed to "Star 105-5") and flipped to a Top 40 format bringing "Andrew Z in the Morning" to the morning drive. Andrew Z's show formerly aired on Kiss-FM and 100.7 The Vibe.
In May 2012, Star 105 picked up the Perez Hilton show(Perez Night Live with Adam Bomb), also syndicated by Cumulus.
December 24, 2012 "Andrew Z in the Morning" was discontinued on "Star 105".
January 2013 Mike Shannon picked up morning's at "Star 105" from 6 until 10 am.
Format Changes.
1998 "3WM 105 FM" changed its format to Hot Adult Contemporary from Adult Contemporary and started calling itself "Star 105".
April 2007 "Star 105.5" dropped its Hot Adult Contemporary format for a slower and softer Adult Contemporary.
2008 "Star 105.5" went back to its Hot Adult Contemporary format after becoming a Adult Contemporary station for little over a year.
In March 19, 2012 "Star 105.5" changed its format to Contemporary Hit Radio from a Hot Adult Contemporary format and also changed its name to simply "Star 105".
The Original WWWM.
Prior to their current use, the WWWM call sign was previously used on the 105.7 MHz facility in Cleveland, Ohio from 1972 to 1982; using the moniker "M105", the station was a sister station to the 50,000 watt 1100 AM station "3WE" - WWWE (now WTAM) and remains so under the ownership of Clear Channel Communications. The FM station operates today as WMJI.
Broadcast area.
WWWM FM broadcasts from a 400-foot tower in West Toledo at the intersection's of Nebraska and Westwood. The station's primary coverage area covers Northwest Ohio and Southeastern Michigan, audible as far north as the Ann Arbor area, and far south as Marion, Ohio. However going towards Detroit, Michigan the station becomes inaudible in parts of this area due to a rebroadcaster of CBEF, also on 105.5, which signed on in April 2012. North of Ann Arbor, sister station WWCK-FM in Flint takes over the 105.5 frequency.

</doc>
<doc id="2850465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850465" title="Curtiss P-1 Hawk">
Curtiss P-1 Hawk

The P-1 Hawk (Curtiss Model 34) was a 1920s open-cockpit biplane fighter aircraft of the United States Army Air Corps. An earlier variant of the same aircraft had been designated PW-8 prior to 1925.
Design and development.
PW-8.
The Curtiss P-1 Hawk was the first US Army Air Service aircraft to be assigned the "P" (Pursuit) designation which replaced seven designations for pursuit aircraft, including "PW" (for "Pursuit, Water-cooled engine"). The P-1 was the production version of the Curtiss XPW-8B, an improved variant of the PW-8, 25 of which were operational with the Air Service's 17th Pursuit Squadron
In September 1923, the Army ordered production of the PW-8. The PW-8 (Curtiss Model 33) had been developed from the R-6 racer and was acquired by the Air Service after a competition with the Boeing Model 15, designated the PW-9, to replace the existing Army fighter, the Boeing MB-3A. Although the PW-8 was faster than the PW-9 (both having top speeds in excess of 165 mph), it was otherwise out-performed by the Boeing plane, and its surface radiator cooling system, mounted on the upper and lower surfaces of the top wing for streamlining, was more difficult to maintain and vulnerable in combat. However Assistant Chief of the Air Service Brig. Gen. Billy Mitchell agreed to purchase 25 PW-8s in return for assistance by Curtiss in making the Dawn-to-dusk transcontinental flight across the United States.
P-1.
The prototype of the P-1, the XPW-8B, came about when the Air Service, which had selected the Boeing PW-9 over the PW-8 as its main production fighter, asked Curtiss to modify the last of its three original XPW-8 prototypes with wings resembling those of the PW-9. Curtiss designated the modified aircraft its Model 34A and returned it to the Air Service for evaluation, from which the service ordered it into production as the P-1. The first production P-1, serial number 25-410, was delivered on August 17, 1925, and was followed in successive years by the P-1B and P-1C variants with improved engines. The newest P-1 variants remained in operational service until 1930.
The March 7, 1925 order for the P-1 also requested five aircraft with the more powerful 500 hp (373 kW) Curtiss V-1400 engine installed. These were completed in January 1926. The first (SN 25-420) was then modified with a supercharger mounted on the right side of the fuselage nose, and whose turbine was driven by engine exhaust; the craft was designated XP-2.
However, the Curtiss V-1400 engine did not perform up to expectations, with or without the supercharger, and so after a year in service, three of the standard P-2 Hawks had their engines replaced with the Curtiss V-1150 and were consequently redesignated as P-1s. The fifth machine (25-243) received a Curtiss V-1570 Conqueror engine and became the XP-6.
93 production P-1s were brought into service in the P-1, P-1A, P-1B, and P-1C variants. 52 other P-1s, variants P-1D, P-1E, and P-1F, were made by conversion of other Hawk variants, primarily AT-4 and AT-5 trainers.
P-3 and P-5 test variants.
The P-3 Hawk was similar to the P-1 Hawk but with a radial R-1340-3 Wasp radial engine. The first of the type, designated XP-3A, was the last P-1A (serial 26-300). Originally intended to be powered by a 390 hp (291 kW) Curtiss R-1454, the engine was deemed unsatisfactory and the 410 hp (306 kW) Pratt & Whitney R-1340 engine substituted. A second XP-3A (serial 28-189) included a cowling and spinner to reduce the drag due to the radial engine; entered in the National Air Races of 1929, its speed of 186.84 mph (300.69 km/h) gave it second place in the Thompson trophy race.
The remaining four craft were production P-3As, but primarily used to service test the Pratt & Whitney Wasp engine. In addition to the significant increase in drag, the radial engine also interfered with the pilot's view. Addition of a Townend ring cowling worsened the visibility problem, and had only a limited effect on speed. It was also tested with various types of deep-chord NACA cowls.
Two of the XP-3A aircraft were re-engined in 1929 and 1930 with the Pratt & Whitney R-985-1 Wasp Junior engine. This aircraft was re-designated the XP-21. Tests were run with this aircraft, but it was never developed into a production aircraft, despite the designation.
Five P-5 Superhawks, similar to the P-1C but with a turbocharged V-1150-3 engine, were delivered in 1928. They had a top speed of 166 mph (267 km/h) at 25,000 ft (7,620 m), considerably higher than the maximum ceiling of the P-1A, but their low-level performance was inferior
AT-4 and AT-5 trainers.
Two single-seat advanced trainer variants were placed into production, the AT-4 and AT-5A, using Wright-Hispano engines. All were re-engined with Curtiss D-12D engines and reverted to use as fighters, designated P-1D and P-1F respectively. Five AT-4/XAT-5 test variants were re-classified as P-1E.
A total of 202 PW-8, P-1, P-2, P-3, P-4, P-5, AT-4, and AT-5 airplanes were delivered.
Operational history.
On June 23, 1924, taking off at 3:58 A.M., Army test pilot First Lieutenant Russell Maughan left Mitchel Field, New York, in PW-8 24-204, modified with additional fuel and oil tanks, made a dawn-to-dusk transcontinental flight across the US. Refueling five times, he landed at Crissy Field, San Francisco, California, at 9:46 p.m., one minute before dusk, covering 2,670 mi (4,297 km) in 20 hours and 48 minutes. His flight time included four planned 30-minute stops at McCook Field, Ohio; Saint Joseph, Missouri; Cheyenne, Wyoming; and Salduro Siding, Utah; and an unplanned stop in North Platte, Nebraska for additional fuel when a muddy field in Missouri did not permit him to take on a full load. He also lost an hour at McCook to repair a broken fuel valve after an over-eager mechanic had over-torqued the valve, damaging it.
The original fifteen "P-1s" served in the 27th and 94th Pursuit Squadrons, 1st Pursuit Group, Selfridge Field, Michigan. The first Hawk to serve with the Air Corps in quantity was the "P-1A" (17th, 27th, and 94th Pursuit Squadrons) beginning in 1925. In October 1928 the largest order of 33 "P-1s" was made. These were delivered by April 1929 as P-1Cs.
The "AT-4" and "AT-5" trainer variants served with the 43rd Pursuit Squadron (School) at Kelly Field, Texas.
Variants.
While a total of 202 Hawks were built in the basic variants PW-8, P-1, P-2, P-3, P-5, AT-4 and AT-5, conversions resulted in 148 having a P-1 designation.
All variants increased in weight with each succeeding model, resulting in slight reductions in performance with each.

</doc>
<doc id="2850466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850466" title="Tarmvred">
Tarmvred

Tarmvred (Swedish for "ileus") is a music group from Gothenburg, Sweden that is the brainchild of Jonas Johansson.
History.
Johansson got his start musically by making his own remixes of tracks by Skinny Puppy and posting them online under the name Triptamine, in 1998. In 2001, Johansson finished recording an album called Ileus that he self-released as a CDR under the name Tarmvred, with remixing by Johannes Hedberg (credited as Digidroid). Around the same time, Johansson came into contact with Nicolas Chevreux who invited him to sign with a new label Chevreux was starting called Ad Noiseam. Hedberg continued working with Johansson until Hedberg was listed as a member of Tarmvred in 2003 on Viva 6581. Tarmvred has recorded primarily on the German Ad Noiseam label, although the latest release, the vinyl-only e.p. Tintorama, is on Low Res Records, based in Detroit, Michigan.
Style of music.
Tarmvred's music has an experimental, electronic style, with heavy beats, a barrage of irregular percussion, distortion, and sparse use of melody. Only one brief stanza of clearly sung lyrics appear in all of their work, by guest vocalist Gertrud Polonyi; it appears on track 5 of Subfusc, as well as on the track "Mourning" on Onomatopoeic (apparently the same recording of the lyrics). Heavily distorted lyrics appear on a few other tracks, never more than briefly. Their tracks sometimes wander between rhythmic and chaotic, and have a wide variety of motives that continue falling away or appearing throughout the track. Tarmvred recorded much of Viva 6581 using a MOS 6581 sound chip, featured in early-80's computers such as the Commodore 64.

</doc>
<doc id="2850474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850474" title="Bolivarian missions">
Bolivarian missions

The Bolivarian missions are a series of social justice, social welfare, anti-poverty, educational, and military recruiting programs implemented under the administration of the previous Venezuelan president Hugo Chávez. They draw their name from the historical South American hero, Simón Bolívar.
The "Bolivarian missions" have entailed the launching of government anti-poverty initiatives, the construction of thousands of free medical clinics for the poor, the institution of educational campaigns that have reportedly made more than one million adult Venezuelans literate, and the enactment of food and housing subsidies. The infant mortality rate fell by 18.2% between 1998 and 2006. The government earmarked 44.6% of the 2007 budget for social investment, with 1999-2007 averaging 12.8% of GDP. The Gini coefficient has fallen from 48.7 in 1998 to 42 in 2007 (claims that the Gini has risen were based on data from two different (non-comparable) statistical series). During the Chávez Presidency, poverty and extreme poverty have gone down strongly: poverty fell from 59.4% in 1999 to 30.2% in 2006 and extreme poverty went down from 21.7% to 9.9% in the same period. Even critics like "Instituto Real Elcano" from Spain acknowledge these achievements although they cast doubts on the sustainability of these policies.
The Missions have overseen widespread experimentation in what Chávez supporters term citizen- and worker-managed governance, as well as the granting of thousands of free land titles, reportedly to formerly landless poor and indigenous communities. Several allegedly unused estates and factories have been expropriated to provide this land.
In March 2006 the Communal Council Law was approved, whereby communities that decide to organize themselves into a council can be given official state recognition and access to federal funds and loans for community projects. This skips the local and state governments that are perceived as corrupt.
The Chavez government also passed a number of laws protecting the rights of the indigenous people of Venezuela, including laws that recognize indigenous rights over the land they traditionally occupied, their rights to prior consultation concerning the exploitation of their natural resources, their rights to manage their own education system based on intercultural and bilingual principles, and a law providing that three native representatives shall sit in the National Assembly, as well as representation in municipal and regional assemblies in regions with a native population.
In September 2007, speaking at the inauguration of the school year, Chavez announced a new curricular programme to be adopted by both public and private schools, which would "promote values of cooperation and solidarity". While promising he would make education his top priority and increase funding, he spoke of his vision of the future of education, based around "learning to create, to live together, to value and to reflect."
2011 Grand Missions.
Launched by the national government simultaneously with the 2011 national celebrations in honor of the bicentennial of the Venezuelan Declaration of Independence, these Grand Missions are aimed to help build a more stronger nation for the people by solving the problems they face.
Cuban expertise.
Many of these programs involve importing expertise from abroad; Venezuela is providing Cuba with 53,000 barrels (8,000 m³) of below-market-rate oil a day in exchange for the service of thousands of physicians, teachers, sports trainers, and other skilled professionals.
Impact.
The literacy programs that comprise Mission Sucre are centered on fostering universal literacy among Venezuela's adult populace; an adjunct to this is the facilitation of their comprehension of the Venezuelan Constitution of 1999 and the inherent rights that they, as Venezuelan citizens, are guaranteed under this document.
Mission Barrio Adentro, one of the flagship Bolivarian Missions of widest social impact, has drawn international praise from the Latin American branch of the World Health Organization and UNICEF.
Oil profits, being about US$25 billion in 2004, have allowed the Chávez administration to carry out what he calls a "new socialist revolution." The leftist platform involves a remarkable increase in spending on social programs. The Chávez administration has thus built free health care clinics, subsidized food and created small manufacturing cooperatives.
Between them, these programs have constructed and modernized thousands of public medical and dental clinics, launched massive literacy and education initiatives, subsidized food, gasoline, and other consumer goods, and established numerous worker-managed manufacturing and industrial cooperatives.

</doc>
<doc id="2850477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850477" title="Nancy Farmer (disambiguation)">
Nancy Farmer (disambiguation)

Nancy Farmer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2850497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850497" title="Gaviota Tunnel">
Gaviota Tunnel

The Gaviota Tunnel (officially known as the Gaviota Gorge Tunnel) is a tunnel on U.S. Route 101 completed in 1953 in the center of Gaviota State Park, 33 miles (53 km) northwest of Santa Barbara, California. It is 420 feet (130 m) long and 17.5 feet (5.3 m) tall. Only the northbound lanes of U.S. Route 101 (El Camino Real) pass through it, as the southbound lanes descend from Gaviota Pass through a narrow canyon to the west of the tunnel. Because it is the only major route between the Santa Barbara County South Coast and the Santa Ynez Valley, bicycles are allowed through it. There is a rest area on the southern end of the tunnel, the southernmost one along U.S. Route 101.
There are frequent rockslides in the area, especially during and following rain. Some of the hillsides and road cuts are covered in netting to prevent erosion. There are also fences made of netting along the roadway to stop rocks that do fall.
An alternate bypass to this section of U.S. Route 101 between Santa Barbara and Los Olivos is provided by State Route 154 capped by the Cold Spring Canyon Arch Bridge near the summit of San Marcos Pass. Highway 154 cuts directly between Santa Barbara and Los Olivos in a northwestern direction, whereas highway 101 runs along the coast of the Pacific Ocean about west before turning north passing through Buellton to meet up with highway 154 near Los Olivos.
History.
Gaviota Pass is registered as California Historical Landmark #248. On this site during the Mexican-American War on Christmas Day 1846, the Mexican Army waited to ambush the American forces of John C. Frémont. Fremont learned of their plans and instead crossed the San Marcos Pass to capture Santa Barbara.

</doc>
<doc id="2850507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850507" title="Ecce Homo (disambiguation)">
Ecce Homo (disambiguation)

""Ecce homo"" (Latin for "Behold the Man"), is a phrase uttered by Pontius Pilate at the trial of Christ. It may also refer to:
In artwork.
Paintings.
It is the title of several works of art that portray Jesus Christ delivered to the crowd by Pontius Pilate, including:

</doc>
<doc id="2850526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850526" title="Rob Dehlinger">
Rob Dehlinger

Rob Dehlinger is a trumpeter and singer/songwriter in the San Francisco Bay Area of California, United States. He founded the independent rock band The Circadians with songwriter Gordon Root, and plays regularly with the swing band Stompy Jones. 
Rob performs throughout the globe, and has appeared on the nationally televised PBS specials "A Taste of Chanukah" and "A Taste of Passover", as well as an Emmy-award-winning episode of the Bay Area PBS arts show "Spark". Rob records and performs regularly in the Bay Area's top venues, including Slim's, Great American Music Hall, Yoshi's, Jazz at Pearl's, Bimbo's, Yerba Buena Center for the Arts, Bill Graham Civic Auditorium, and George Lucas's Skywalker Sound studios. He also plays at least monthly in venues in southern California, including the Derby and Disneyland's Plaza Pavilion.
Dehlinger's orchestral arrangement of Iggy Pop's "Lust For Life" was recorded by San Francisco's Punk Rock Orchestra with Grammy winning engineer Leslie Ann Jones, and was featured in an April 2004 episode of NPR's Weekend Edition. He holds Bachelors and Masters degrees from the New England Conservatory in Boston, MA. 
Dehlinger is also a prominent music educator in the San Francisco Bay Area.
Find out more at robdehlinger.com

</doc>
<doc id="2850530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850530" title="The Father's Song">
The Father's Song

"The Father's Song" is an album by worship artist Matt Redman.

</doc>
<doc id="2850532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850532" title="Cricetulus">
Cricetulus

Cricetulus is a genus of rodent in the family, Cricetidae (voles and hamsters). It has seven member species. They inhabit arid or semi-arid regions in Eurasia. 
They tend to be more ratlike in appearance than typical hamsters, hence the common name "ratlike hamster."
Members of the genera "Allocricetulus", "Tscherskia", and "Cansumys" are often called ratlike hamsters and are considered to be members of the genus "Cricetulus" by many authorities.

</doc>
<doc id="2850543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850543" title="Mental Block">
Mental Block

Mental Block is a Canadian comedy TV series, which premiered September 1, 2003 on YTV. It is directed by Sean Dwyer and Michael Kennedy.
The show revolves around thirteen-year-old Donovan Mackay. His mom and dad seem to be going through a second adolescence, while he's going through his first. His best friends, Ira and Shelley don't even register on the "cool meter" at school. His main crush, Chloe, is so far out of his league she doesn't know he's on the team. Luckily, Donovan has four teenagers living inside his head, Sparks, Maynard, Skipper, and RJ. Their mission is to get Donovan through another adventurous and unpredictable day as a teenager in suburban Greenfield Park Junior High. The show is filmed in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
In the second season, Donovan himself is seen inside his head, and the other kids help advise him instead of directly controlling him. Also Maynard is gone.

</doc>
<doc id="2850544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850544" title="New Center, Detroit">
New Center, Detroit

New Center is a prominent commercial and residential historic district located uptown in Detroit, Michigan, adjacent to Midtown, one mile (1.6 km) north of the Cultural Center, and approximately three miles (5 km) north of Downtown. The area is centered just west of the intersection of Woodward Avenue and Grand Boulevard, and is approximately bounded by the Virginia Park Historic District on the north, the Ford Freeway on the south, John R. Street on the east and the Lodge Freeway on the west.
The heart of New Center was developed in the 1920s as a business hub that would offer convenient access to both downtown resources and outlying factories. Some historians believe that New Center may be the original edge city—a sub-center remote from, but related to, a main urban core. The descriptor "New Center" derived its name from the "New Center News", an automotive-focused free newspaper begun in 1933 that continues to operate under the name "Detroit Auto Scene". From 1923 to 1996, General Motors maintained its world headquarters in New Center (in what is now Cadillac Place) before relocating downtown to the Renaissance Center; before becoming a division of GM, Fisher Body was headquartered in the Fisher Building. Both Cadillac Place and the Fisher Building are National Historic Landmarks. In addition to the government and commercial offices along Woodward and Grand Boulevard, New Center contains the Fisher Theatre, the boutique Hotel St. Regis, the Henry Ford Hospital, restaurants, and residential areas.
History.
In 1891, Detroit mayor Hazen S. Pingree broke ground on the construction of Grand Boulevard, a ring road that wrapped around the city of Detroit. The Boulevard ran for , curving from the Detroit River on the west to the river on the east and crossing Woodward Avenue at a point approximately from downtown. The Boulevard was originally thought to represent the absolute limit of the city's expansion, although tremendous growth at the beginning of the 20th century quickly pushed the city limits far beyond Grand Boulevard.
In the 1890s, major railroad infrastructure known as the Milwaukee Junction was built just south of Grand Boulevard to facilitate industrial expansion in the city of Detroit. To take advantage of the rail line, industrial plants were built in this area on both sides of Woodward Avenue, with the automotive industry prominently involved. Part of this area east of Woodward is now the Piquette Avenue Industrial Historic District, while the area west of Woodward and south of the railroad tracks is the New Amsterdam Historic District. Most notably, in 1904, Burroughs Adding Machine Company built a large factory on Third, and the following year Cadillac built an assembly plant just to the east of Burroughs.
In 1915, Henry Ford bought the financially struggling Detroit General Hospital and its lands on Grand Boulevard and Hamilton (just west of Woodward) and reopened it as Henry Ford Hospital with 48 beds. Soon after, Ford broke ground on a facility at the same location; the larger hospital opened in 1921.
Architecture.
In the late 1910s and early 1920s, the automobile industry in Detroit grew rapidly. The economic surge made land in downtown Detroit difficult to obtain. The lack of suitable parcels frustrated William C. Durant in his search for the optimum location for his planned General Motors headquarters. Durant looked to the north, and settled on a location just west of Woodward Avenue on Grand Boulevard. A the time, the area was a residential district of private homes and small apartment buildings.
Durant hired Albert Kahn to design his building, and ground was broken in 1919. The building was originally to be called the "Durant Building", but Durant left the company before the building was completed, so when it opened in 1922, the building was called the "General Motors Building". As General Motors continued to grow, the company required more space. In the later 1920s, they built a second building, the General Motors Research Laboratory (also known as the Argonaut Building), also designed by Kahn, directly south of their headquarters. The building was built in two phases, and was completed in 1930.
Around the same time, the Fisher Brothers of Fisher Body followed General Motors to the area. They broke ground on their eponymous Fisher Building in 1927, located across Grand Boulevard from the General Motors Building. The Fisher Brothers also hired Kahn, and spared no expense to construct their headquarters building. The followed this up with the construction of New Center Building (now the Albert Kahn Building), completed in 1932. The Great Depression, however, forced the Fishers to break off their plans to construct a complex of buildings in New Center, including a grandiose three-towered version of the Fisher building.
In 1940 Saks Fifth Avenue opened their fourth full-line department store in this building. The store closed in 1978 and relocated to Fairlane Town Center in Dearborn.
Henry Ford Hospital has continued to expand. The hospital has built numerous additions to their campus since its inception by Henry Ford, from the Clara Ford Nursing Home in 1925 to their high-rise clinic in 1955 to hospital apartments in 1976. In 1992, Henry Ford purchased the old Burroughs headquarters to the south and renamed it One Ford Place. The building is now the Henry Ford Hospital corporate headquarters.
In 1966, the Hotel St. Regis was built on the north side of Grand Boulevard near General Motors' headquarters. In 1988, the hotel was doubled in size. In 1980, General Motors built another addition to the heart of New Center, New Center One, located across Grand Boulevard from their headquarters. The new eight-story building housed retail stores, offices, and some divisions of General Motors.
In 1977, General Motors began refurbishing some of the residential neighborhoods north of Grand Boulevard. The result was the "New Center Commons", a collection of refurbished single-family homes on the north side of New Center. With the revitalization of Virginia Park, New Center has two distinct historic residential neighborhhods within its boundaries. General Motors also facilitated the rehabilitation of some multi-family dwellings. In the late 1990s and early 2000s, new townhomes and condominiums were constructed in what had been empty areas of New Center, including a section along Woodward just north of Grand Boulevard. Additional loft renovation (as well as the TechTown research incubator) took place at the same time within the New Amsterdam Historic District.
New Center served as a kind of corporate campus for GM for 70 years. However, the company left the area in the 1990s, moving their headquarters to the Renaissance Center downtown. The old General Motors Building—now called Cadillac Place—is occupied by the State of Michigan.
Culture and contemporary life.
New Center has a retail section, primarily along the Woodward and Grand Boulevard corridors. The Cadillac Place state office complex and the Fisher Building are National Historic Landmarks in the area. An area south of Grand Boulevard along Woodward contains some retail stores in the district which have existed at their present location since the 1920s. The boutique Hotel St. Regis, Detroit is adjacent to the Fisher Theatre.
In 2010, Henry Ford Health System in New Center announced a $500 M expansion in Detroit with plans for a biomedical research center.
The Consulate-General of Lebanon in Detroit is located in Suite 560 in the New Center One Building.
New Center hosts the annual summer-long series of events in New Center Park and includes a 1,000 person outdoor concert venue with a center stage capable of hosting national acts.
Grand Boulevard, along its entire extent, became an attractive residential address at the beginning of the 20th century. This was also true in the area that was to become New Center. At the turn of the century, a number of private homes were built along Grand Boulevard and in the neighborhoods to the north, notably including what is now the Virginia Park Historic District on the northern edge of New Center. Interspersed in the area were small apartment buildings. Larger apartment buildings were constructed in the area in the 1920s to serve the population of workers and visitors to the area after larger office buildings had been built on Grand Boulevard.
According to the New Center Profile market study paid for by the New Center Council, Inc.:
Media.
Previously WTVS (Detroit Public Television) had its studios in New Center.
Education.
New Center is within the Detroit Public Schools district. DPS has its headquarters in the Fisher Building. The district paid the owner of the Fisher Building $24.1 million in 2002 so the district could occupy five floors in the building. Officials claimed leasing the Fisher Building as its headquarters was more economical than a remodel of the Maccabees Building in Midtown where the district previously had its headquarters.
Three schools, Golightly K-8, Loving Elementary, and Thirkell Elementary, serve sections of New Center for elementary school. Golightly K-8 and Durfee K-8 serve sections of New Center for middle school. All residents are zoned to Northwestern High School.
Previously Sherhard K-8 served sections of New Center for elementary and middle school. Previously Hutchins Middle School served sections of New Center for middle school. Previously Murray-Wright High School and Northern High School served sections of New Center, while at the time Northwestern High School did not serve New Center.

</doc>
<doc id="2850551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850551" title="Nancy Farmer">
Nancy Farmer

Nancy Farmer (born July 1941) is an American author of children's and young-adult books and science fiction. She has written three Newbery Honor Books and she won the U.S. National Book Award for Young People's Literature for "The House of the Scorpion", published by Atheneum Books for Young Readers in 2002.
Farmer was born in Phoenix, Arizona. She earned her B.A. at Reed College (1963) and later studied chemistry and entomology at the University of California, Berkeley. She enlisted in the Peace Corps (1963–1965), and subsequently worked in Mozambique and Rhodesia (today Zimbabwe), where she studied biological methods of controlling the tsetse fly between 1975–1978. 
She met her future husband, Harold Farmer, at the University of Rhodesia. After a week-long courtship, the two were married. Farmer currently lives in the Chiricahua Mountains in Arizona with her husband; they have one son, Daniel.
Awards.
"The Mirror" (1987)
"The Ear, the Eye and the Arm" (1994)
"A Girl Named Disaster" (1996)
"The House of the Scorpion" (2002)
"The Land of the Silver Apples" (2007)

</doc>
<doc id="2850553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850553" title="CSK Auto">
CSK Auto

CSK Auto, Inc. was a specialty retailer of automotive parts and accessories in the western United States. CSK Auto became a publicly traded company in March 1998, headquartered in Phoenix, Arizona, and grew through a combination of acquisitions and organic growth. It was acquired in 2008 by O'Reilly Auto Parts.
Operations.
As of January 29, 2006, CSK operated 1,273 stores in 22 states spanning from Hawaii to Ohio, with principal concentration of stores in the Western United States. CSK operated its stores under four brand names:
In the mid-2000s, CSK operated five value concept retail stores under the Pay N Save brand name in and around Phoenix, Arizona. These stores sold primarily tools, hardware, sporting goods, housewares and other household goods, and seasonal items. To try and increase the tool business CSK built six stores that combined both auto parts and tools in MI, CO, WA and AZ. The company ceased operations of the Pay N Save stores on August 26, 2007.
CSK sponsored major league baseball in major markets throughout its trade areas, the 2Xtreme Racing monster truck team and the funny car driven by Del Worsham in the National Hot Rod Association. CSK was designated the Official Auto Parts Store of the NHRA.
CSK served both the do-it-yourself ("DIY") and the commercial installer, or do-it-for-me ("DIFM"), customer. The DIY market, which comprises customers who typically repair and maintain vehicles themselves, was the foundation of the business. The DIFM market comprised auto repair professionals, fleet owners, governments and municipalities.
History.
CSK Auto experienced growth through a combination of acquisitions and a program of store construction and expansion. In 1997, CSK acquired 81 Trak Auto stores in southern California, converting them to the Kragen name and product mix. This led to an extremely productive year in 1998, as annual sales broke the $1-billion barrier for the first time, and the company opened, expanded, or relocated a total of 130 more stores.
In June 1999, CSK added 86 more Checker stores in the Northern Plains states by acquiring the Big Wheel/Rossi Auto Parts chain, and in October of that year CSK completed its acquisition of 194 Al's and Grand Auto Supply stores in Washington, California, Idaho, Oregon, Nevada, and Alaska, solidifying its position as a retailer of automotive aftermarket parts and accessories in the western United States. To strengthen its position in the Northern Plains states, in April 2000, CSK purchased All-Car Distributors, operators of 21 stores in Wisconsin and one in Michigan. These stores operated under the Checker banner. 
On December 19, 2005, CSK announced it had completed the purchase of Murray's, Inc. and its subsidiary, Murray's Discount Auto Stores. The 110 Murray's automotive-part and accessory retail stores in Michigan, Illinois, Ohio and Indiana retained the Murray's name and operating model.
On April 1, 2008, O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. signed a deal to acquire all of CSK's common stock for approximately one billion dollars, including $500 million of debt. Starting in 2009, O'Reilly gradually rebranded Checker Auto Parts, Schucks Auto Supply, and Kragen Auto Parts stores as O'Reilly Auto Parts stores during a multi-year process that was finally completed in 2011.
On March 5, 2009 the SEC filed a civil injunction against 4 former members of CSK auto. The former members were charged with accounting fraud for the years of 2002, 2003, and 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="2850554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850554" title="KMAH-LP">
KMAH-LP

KMAH-LP is a low-power television station in Cheyenne, Wyoming. The station is currently owned by local businessman Bob Rule, owner of Rule Communications.
History.
Originally, KMAH-LP was an affiliate of FamilyNet, also carrying programming from National Empowerment Television, a conservative news channel. Later on, it became a full-time repeater of WPCB in Pittsburgh, carrying the Cornerstone Television Network. Then, after KKRR-LP came on the air, it became an affiliate for the short-lived Renaissance Network, and when that network failed, it became an affiliate of America One. After America One proved too expensive for the station, it again became an affiliate of Cornerstone.

</doc>
<doc id="2850559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850559" title="Always Outnumbered, Always Outgunned">
Always Outnumbered, Always Outgunned

Always Outnumbered, Always Outgunned is a 1997 crime novel by Walter Mosley.
Overview.
The book follows the trials and travails of an ex-convict Socrates Fortlow who lives in a tough Los Angeles neighborhood and struggles to stay on the path of righteousness.

</doc>
<doc id="2850561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850561" title="Lee High School (Wyoming, Michigan)">
Lee High School (Wyoming, Michigan)

Lee High School is a small high school in Wyoming, Michigan that is part of the Godfrey-Lee Public Schools school district. In 2005 it had an enrollment of 352.
Symbols.
The school nickname is the Rebels, and its mascot is named "Rebbie". The school colors are navy blue and vegas gold. The fight song goes:
Reading programs.
The school is attempting to encourage book reading among its students. In May, 2005, it was reported that the school rewards after-school reading with "Reading Rebels" T shirts and was considering awarding varsity letters to outstanding readers as well as athletes. [http://www.sciencedaily.com/upi/index.php?feed=Quirks&article=UPI-1-20050531-21042600-bc-us-reading.xml]
History.
The first area school was built around 1857 on a plot of land near what is now the southeast corner of Nagel and Chicago Drive. It was called the "Green School," a small building with four windows, a wooden ceiling, blackboards, and double seats. Approximately thirty-five students attended in the first years. At the time, Chicago Drive was known as the Grandville plank road and a tollbooth located on the corner of Chicago Drive and Godfrey (where the Four Star gas station is now) charged a penny to travel on it.
By 1894, the number of children had grown so large it was time for a new school building on the present Godfrey Elementary site. During construction, a store on the southwest corner of Godfrey Avenue and Seneca Street was rented to relieve overcrowding at the Green School. Growth was so rapid that the Godfrey school had to be increased in size from the original two rooms to ten rooms by 1910. The first two years of high school were also added.
District No. 7, which is what Godfrey-Lee was known as at that time, continued to grow and by 1921 the need for a second school building was evident. Property was purchased and the new school opened in November 1923. The school, which consisted only of the front section of the current building, was built along the Grand Rapids, Holland and Chicago Interurban (electric) train line. The street in front was originally identified as State Street on early plat maps but for some unknown reason had been changed to Lee Street around 1914. It was a single-lane dirt road that ran along the interurban right-of-way. Thus, the new school took on the name of the Lee Street School.
The surrounding area looked much different back then. There were very few homes at the time. Havana Street was called Hawthorne and Engel was known as Engelwood. The district had the second largest number of students for any "rural" district outside of the city of Grand Rapids. The Lee Street School, which saw its first graduating class in 1925, had five major additions added to it beginning with the east wing during the summer of 1925, the west wing in 1930, the gym in 1952, the east science wing in 1960, and the middle school in 1988.
In 1930, the rear of the school was graded for a football field. During 1936-38, a W.P.A. project helped construct the Godfrey-Lee Athletic Field, considered at the time to be the finest athletic complex outside of the city of Grand Rapids. It was built on a piece of ground along Plaster Creek commonly known as "Happy Hollow," and the first games were played during the 1938-39 school year.
School buildings.
District No. 7 got its start in the Green School, a one-room wood-frame school house located near the corner of presentday Nagel and Albers streets. By the 1890s, this building was insufficient for the number of students attending school and the decision was made to move to a temporary classroom located on Godfrey near Seneca, where the gate to Lee Field is located today. There is no record of why a new school wasn't built on the existing GreenSchool site, but it's possible the landowner did not want to renew the lease.
By 1894, the student population of District No. 7 was such that a new school building was necessary and bonds were approved to build the first two rooms of the old Godfrey school, located approximately where the fourth grade classrooms are today. The school consisted of an "upper room" and "lower room." By 1905, there were 131 children enrolled necessitating the construction of two more rooms and in 1907, the district's first principal was hired.
Two years later, the ninth and tenth grades were added to the Godfrey school with just a handful of students at these levels. An 8th grade education was the standard in those days and it took the passing of an exam to continue beyond the 8th grade. The district paid tuition for students attending other area high schools as 11th and 12th graders.
In 1909, four more classrooms were built to accommodate the growth in student numbers and two years later a kindergarten was established. More rooms were added following a 1915 vote, but the building was steadily becoming outdated as well as a firetrap.
In the 1930s, there was talk of purchasing the "Happy Hollow" area to build a new elementary school to replace the aging Godfrey building. Nothing came of it and eventually it became the location of the athletic complex. The depression and World War II prevented any other major construction projects.
Finally, in 1951, a new Godfrey School was built just south of the old building following quite a bit of work to convince the voters to approve the bonds. Three years later, the need arose to add four additional rooms to the east wing of the school and just a year later, another four rooms were added to the north wing. There were 1,050 students enrolled in the district at that time. The south parking lot wasn't added to the building until 1957 and at that time the old stage, since removed, was constructed in the Godfrey gym. It had been hoped years earlier to build a fine arts auditorium when the old Lee gym stage was removed, but that dream never materialized.
The final addition to Godfrey was in the late 90's when additional rooms were added to the north wing following the purchase of property once occupied by Tina's, a candy and soda store known well by area kids during the 60's and early 70's.
PTA.
According to records of the organization's historian, the PTA was organized at Godfrey School on December 2, 1921. Mr. M.A. Becker, Superintendent of Schools, presided over the meeting. The program included songs by students, led by Mrs. Jeffers, and a piano solo by Miss Sadie Kamp. Speakers included Mr. Lowrey and Mrs. Florence Utter, a long-time teacher in the district. Mrs. Utter then presided over the organization of the PTA. The first name of the PTA was the Godfrey Avenue Public School Parents & Teachers' Club.
New high school.
On December 14, 1923, dedication exercises were held at 8:00 p.m. for the new Lee Street School. Superintendent M.A. Becker presided over the event with Mrs. Llewellyn Weaver, President of the Parent-Teachers Association, in charge of the reception committee. Mrs. Glenn R. Thayer chaired the social committee.
Following a reception and inspection of the new school, a program was held in the new auditorium. The Lee High School orchestra, no doubt very small because the high school only went through the 10th grade at the time, played an overture title Arcadia and the Siren march. This was followed by an invocation by Rev. Garret Menning, Pastor of the Eighth Reformed Church on Burton Street, and a welcome address by Henry J. Beld, school board president.
The high school glee club performed "Singing in the Rain" by Jerome and "Heather Rose" by Heinrich Werner. Members of the Mrs. Byron R. Pierce, Tent No. 17, Daughters of Union Veterans, presented flags for the new school. The high school orchestra performed two additional numbers: "America" and "Michigan, My Michigan."
A.M. Freeland, county commissioner of schools, gave an address, followed by a solo sung by Margarett Roszell titled "Whispering Hope" by Alice Hawthorne. Mrs. Mable Winters Willsen gave a dramatic reading and the Grade Reformed Church orchestra then provided appropriate music. Rev. C. H. Spaan, pastor of the church, also addressed the audience.
Mrs. Orlow Tillyer sang "Take Joy Home" by Karolyn Basset and then Rev. Herbert McConnell, pastor of Smith Congregational Church, gave the benediction. This was followed by music performed by the high school orchestra at the ceremony's closing.
Soon after the Lee school opened during the winter of 1923, it became evident that more space was needed. An east-side wing was constructed to provide additional classrooms and opened by 1926.
This addition proved not to be sufficient as District No. 7 continued to grow. Additional space was needed so a west side wing was proposed. The following accounts were taken from the 1930 and 31 editions of the Lee Echo yearbook, describing the changes in the Lee building during the first several years:
1930 - During the year 1929, work was begun on an addition to Lee High School. This addition consists of twelve rooms, one of which is to be used as a junior high assembly. The high school session room will not be crowded now, since the junior high will have its own room. The new addition is built entirely of non-inflammable material except wood casings and furniture. A new Chemistry Laboratory was built over the old lunch room, now the new office. All equipment in the laboratory is of the latest type. This room will accommodate a very large class, even larger than the Chemistry class of 1930.
This addition to Lee will make it the largest rural high school in Kent County. It is hoped that Lee's growth will necessitate the building of larger additions which will make it one of the largest township high schools in Michigan.
1931 - Upon returning to school in September, the student body found the new addition and laboratory ready for immediate occupation and use. Some students with the aid of Miss Jonker set to work at once to organize the high school library. After several weeks, the pupils were permitted the use of the books, and since students are librarians, the teachers were relieved of much irksome responsibility. Unfortunately the reading room could not be used because there was no instructor who could be spared the time to supervise the students there. We hope this matter can be remedied next year.
Although the new Junior Session Room greatly relieved the crowded condition of the Senior Session Hall, we find the check was only temporary, as the number of the student body increases every semester. Some time in the near future it may be necessary to again consider ways and means of relieving over-crowded rooms. We hope that under these circumstances those in authority will see fit to erect a splendid new building which shall contain, among other features, both an auditorium and a gymnasium.
Lee Field.
In September 1938, a large crowd gathered to dedicate the new athletic complex at Godfrey Avenue and Seneca Street. The first athletic event - the Kent county track meet - was held the previous June but a football game on the new field would not be played until Lee faced North Muskegon on September 23. The athletic field and playground represented a total outlay of $100,000 including labor, materials and the land, $30,000 of which was supplied by the district. The cost of the was $10,000. Development of the field was completed as a depression-era Work Progress Administration (WPA) project.
When it was completed, the district was able to boast of the finest fields in Western Michigan with a 220-yard straight-away track, full quarter mile track, two concrete tennis courts, combined softball and regulation baseball diamond, and the football field. There was also room for a skating rink during the winter months. Buildings and equipment on the grounds included a field house, equipped with showers and dressing rooms as well as a heating plant. The bleachers seated 2,000 and temporary ticket booths were located at the Seneca and Wheeler street gates. Topping it off was a complete water sprinkling system for the grounds.
Lee's old football and baseball field - now a parking lot and band practice area on the north end of the school - continued to be used for practice and playground purposes. For several decades, the City of Wyoming would freeze over the west end at the corner of Havana and Engle for a neighborhood skating rink.
Athletics in the early years.
Athletics at Lee High School began with the occupation of the new school in the fall of 1923. Earlier that fall, a football team was organized but no equipment had been provided by the school. Those boys who were able to round up old headgear were considered very lucky. The rest played without. The home field was located in the back of the high school where the parking lot and middle school are currently situated.
With a new gym (where the band room is currently located), Mr. Marsh organized a boys basketball team and they got an early start owing to the short football season. A girl's team was also organized. In the spring, a baseball team was organized.
In the fall of 1924, Mr. Bailey joined the staff as coach and organized the football team.
The basketball team that winter proved to be one of the best of its class in the state. The team began the season with a defeat at the hands of Creston High School, but after that loss, it quickly gained a feared reputation. The team journeyed to Kalamazoo to compete in the class "C" tournament of Western Michigan. After winning four games within eighteen hours, the team was eventually eliminated in the semi-finals by the Bridgman team, a team that won the finals that year.
A track team took the place of baseball in the spring of 1925 owing to Coach Bailey's experience as a sprinter..
The girls' teams in 1924-25 were under the tutelage of Miss Leach who led her basketball squad to a successful year. The girls' track team that spring set records in the dash and relay events at Lowell and won every event at the Suburban Meet and the West Michigan A.A.U. meet.
Lee Middle School.
For the first 68 years of its existence, the Godfrey-Lee district (known then only as Wyoming Township District No. 7) operated first as an elementary only, steadily growing in the early 1900s to its first high school graduating class in 1925. From that point on until the late 1970s, there were three schools operating in just two buildings: Godfrey Elementary, Lee Elementary, and Lee High School. Only the high school grades were considered "set in stone," consisting of 8th through 12th grade. The remaining grades were shuffled back and forth between the two elementary buildings as student population changed from year to year.
In September 1979, Lee Middle School was born. Mr. Frank D'Amico was appointed by the Board to be the first Lee Middle School principal. At the time, he was principal of Lee Elementary, and would later serve as principal at Godfrey Elementary and the first principal of the new Early Childhood Center before taking over as superintendent. While at first, the middle school had to share building space with the high school and the elementary, in 1998 the middle school would move into the addition built ten years earlier as an elementary, giving it the space it needed to accommodate a modest growth to four sections in each grade.
Athletics.
They compete in the Ottawa-Kent Conference Silver Division.

</doc>
<doc id="2850583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850583" title="Bad Cop, Bad Cop">
Bad Cop, Bad Cop

Bad Cop, Bad Cop is a 2002 Australian television series produced
by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation and Southern Star, directed by David Caesar
Premise.
The series is a black comedy about two utterly corrupt police officers Lilywhite and Knutt (the "bad cop, bad cop" of the title). Lafever is their friend, a lawyer with a relaxed attitude to the goings on. Police graft, corruption and brutality are satirised in a very dry comic fashion, and with a stream of matter-of-fact obscenities. The series is shot in the eastern suburbs of Sydney, with Lilywhite and Knutt often seen drinking at the Clovelly Bowling Club and numerous references to Maroubra. Police misconduct had been a real-life problem in New South Wales and elsewhere in Australia. 
The title is a reference to the tactic of "good cop, bad cop"; though in this case both cops are as bad as each other.

</doc>
<doc id="2850588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850588" title="Pay 'n Save">
Pay 'n Save

Pay 'n Save was a retail company founded by Monte Lafayette Bean in Seattle, Washington; 1940. Over the years, Pay 'n Save was the leading drug store chain in Washington and was the owner several Washington-based retailers including Lamonts and Ernst. A 1984 sale of the company to the Trump Group and a 1986 attempt to transform the retailer into a bargain-basement merchandiser resulted in a loss of nearly $50 million. By 1988, Pay 'n Save was sold to Thrifty Corporation who later sold the stores to PayLess Drug who retired the Pay 'n Save name. As a result, most of the retailer's divisions were spun-off as separate companies or shuttered. As of 2011, Pay 'n Save's membership discount chain, Bi-Mart, is the lone surviving division of the company.
At the company's peak, Pay 'n Save was operating 313 stores in ten western states under several different names including Pay 'n Save, Ernst, Bi-Mart, Lamonts, Sportswest, Schuck's Auto Supply, Yard Birds, Von Tobel's, and Price Savers.
History.
Founding; company acquisitions.
In 1940, businessman Monte Lafayette Bean arrived in Seattle, Washington from Portland, Oregon to take over Tradewell Stores, Inc., a chain of grocery stores. By 1947, Bean and his son, M. Lamont Bean, opened the first Pay 'n Save drug store at Fourth Avenue and Pike Street in Seattle.
In March 1959, M. Lamont Bean became the president of Pay 'n Save and began considering operating other stores that were not pharmacies. Shortly after, Bean began an interest in Ernst Hardware, a local hardware chain owned by Seattle brothers Fred and Charles Ernst. Fred Ernst agreed to sell Ernst Hardware and its nine locations to Pay 'n Save in February 1960. In 1962, Pay 'n Save acquired Malmo Nursery and began opening Ernst-Malmo combination stores; combining hardware, lumber, garden supplies, and nursery items in one building. The first Ernst-Malmo combination store was opened at the University Village shopping center in Seattle. By 1982, Ernst was operating 68 hardware stores.
In 1965, Pay 'n Save acquired the Rhodes department stores chain. Pay 'n Save shuttered the Rhodes flagship store in Seattle during 1968. The Rhodes name was retired from the suburban branches when M. Lamont Bean renamed the stores Lamonts in 1970. During 1976, Pay 'n Save acquired discount chains Bi-Mart and Yard Birds.
Yard Birds.
Yard Birds was originally a surplus store started in 1947 in Centralia, Washington. There were also Yard Birds stores in Chehalis, Olympia, and Shelton. While originally selling war surplus, Yard Birds became more of a discount store with many departments including hardware, toys, shoes and clothing, automotive, pets, sporting goods, furniture, a full-service grocery, and more. Yard Birds stores had a logo that featured a black bird with a yellow beak, reminiscent of the cartoon characters Heckle and Jeckle.
These stores were not affiliated with Yardbirds Home Center in Northern California, which used a white stork with yellow overalls as its mascot.
The Yard Birds store in Chehalis is closed, but the new owners have rechristened the space as the New Yard Birds Mall & Shop'n Kart. According to the New Yard Birds Mall website there is a Grocery store (Shop'n Kart), archery shop, an auto repair facility, a movie theater and the school district rents an area for some of their programs, plus they have rooms to rent for conferences. So while the original Yard Birds is gone, the name, building, and mascot live on.
Death of founder; Trump Group takeover.
In October 1982, company founder Monte Lafayette Bean died at age 83. In 1983, Pay 'n Save entered the wholesale club business and opened the first Price Savers Warehouse in Salt Lake City, Utah. In December 1983, Pay 'n Save acquired Schuck's Auto Supply, Inc. for about $70 million in Pay 'n Save common stock. At the time, Schuck's had 58 stores in Washington, Oregon, and Idaho.
In September 1984, the Pay 'n Save board voted to sell the retailer and to give a lockup option on $4.1 million shares to the Trump Group (no relation to New York real estate developer Donald Trump) in an effort to stave off other bids.
Pay 'n Save's largest shareholders, Stuart Sloan and Samuel N. Stroum, vowed to fight the sale of the retail company. Sloan and Stroum, who own 18 percent of Pay 'n Save's stock, issued a statement telling shareholders not to "be stampeded into acting hastily". On September 12, 1984, The Trump Group announced that it had withdraw its offer to purchase Pay 'n Save in order to negotiate two Sloan and Stroum. On October 15, 1984, Pay 'n Save was officially sold to the Trumps for $358 million.
Sale of subsidiaries.
The company's sporting goods chain, Sportswest, was spun-off in 1984 before being closed completely. After a brief period, Thrifty Corporation reopened the stores under the Big 5 Sporting Goods name. Sportswest was the first of several Pay 'n Save division to be sold over the next few years.
In May 1985, Pay 'n Save announced it would put all its subsidiaries up for sale. During this time, Dayton-Hudson division Mervyns was expected to acquire the company's 20 Lamonts stores and Southland Corporation, then-owner of 7-Eleven, expressed interest in acquiring all 58 Schuck's Auto Supply stores. The first subsidiary to be sold was Price Savers Warehouse, in August 1985, to Cincinnati, Ohio-based Kroger.
On November 1, 1985, Pay 'n Save successfully spun-off Bi-Mart, Lamonts, and Schuck's to form a new company, Northern Pacific Corporation. With all divisions combined, the new company had sales of about $450 million, making it one of the Northwest's largest retail operations. Just eight days later, Pay 'n Save's flagship drugstore chain became controlled by a company equally owned by the Trump Group and a partnership headed by William Zimmerman, owner of California discount chain Pic 'N' Save. The sale left Pay 'n Save with 69 Ernst Home Center stores, three Yard Birds stores, and wholesaler Northwestern Drug Co. By January 1986, Pay 'n Save Corp. was renamed Seattle Standard Corp.
Return as a public company.
After 19 months as a privately held company, Pay 'n Save announced plans to return as a public company in May 1986. The company planned to sell 3 million shares at from $16 to $18 a share. As part of the transaction, the company purchased Bi-Mart, a former division of the original Pay 'n Save Corp. The original company sold its first shares of common stock to the general public in 1962 and reverted to private ownership on October 1984.
On May 15, 1986, days after announcing plans to go public again, Pay 'n Save announced it would be taking on a new image and announced plans to remodel its 108 stores, which would include a new blue-and-green pain scheme. The company also announced its new emphasis on bargain goods and plans to raise $225 million by selling convertible bonds and 10-year notes.
In June 1986, Pic 'N' Save, filed a lawsuit against Pay 'n Save's investment banker, contending that materials outlining Pay 'n Save's stock offering misrepresent the role of Pic 'N' Save's former chairman, William Zimmerman. When Zimmerman left Pic 'N' Save in August 1984, he agreed not work for a competing company for one year, but the company's interests had been attempting to determine whether Zimmerman violated the agreement. The suit, filed in state Superior Court in Los Angeles, said that the "Zimmerman merchandising strategy", a key part in Pay 'n Save's business plan, includes Pic 'N' Save trade secrets and other confidential information. On July 1, 1986, Pic 'N' Save had filed a civil lawsuit against Pay 'n Save, William Zimmerman, and related parties, asking for more than $50 million compensatory damages and $50 million in punitive damages.
By the end of July 1986, Zimmerman and the Trumps again turned Pay 'n Save into a public company by selling $52 million in stock, despite a dramatic decline in sales since they took over. The company later reported a $12.8 million loss in the first quarter ending August 2. Mike Reynolds, senior reporter for New York industry publication Chain Drug Review, blamed the company's decline on Zimmerman's approach displaying tables of low-cost imported items. By December, the company's president, Maynard Jenkins, resigned for a job in California and the company's discounted items would no longer be carried.
Return to old format.
In January 1987, Pay 'n Save reported a loss of nearly $50 million in the last year. At the time, chief executive Gerald Nathanson said Pay 'n Save management believes a new merchandising strategy and restructuring "will strengthen Pay ' n Save and improve its future performance significantly". In February 1987, Pay 'n Save announced the closure of all stores in Montana and Wyoming.
In June 1987, Pay 'n Save revealed its "back to basics" merchandising plan. The chain planned to revert their 106 drug stores back to the familiar blue-and-green color scheme, complete with new signs, and better lighting. The company's stores would focus on departments such as candy and snacks, stationery, household chemicals and greeting cards, while the pharmacies would remain the foundation of each store. The company's remodeling process was blamed for a loss of $9.6 million in the company's third quarter.
Thrifty Corporation and PayLess Drug.
In April 1988, Pay 'n Save was put up for sale. The sale attracted interest from Thrifty Corporation, who previously acquired Sportswest from Pay 'n Save in 1984. On May 13, Thrifty announced plans to acquire the company's 110 Pay 'n Save drug stores and 37 Bi-Mart discount stores for stock worth $232 million. Thrifty also announced plans to keep the Pay 'n Save and Bi-Mart names and the company's current employees. In the previous year, Pay 'n Save was left with a $27 million loss and a $49 million loss in 1986.
In August 1988, Gerald Nathanson, Pay 'n Save president and CEO, resigned from the company. Richard Dortch, who began working with Pay 'n Save as a store clerk in 1969, was elected president of the 124-drugstore chain in January 1991.
By February 1992, Pay 'n Save was once again for sale. Days prior to the February 5 announcement, the company announced a loss of $88 million after a $250 million after-tax special charge. By March, PayLess Drug Stores, a then subsidiary of Kmart, emerged as a possible buyer for some or all Pay 'n Save 125 drugstores. PayLess officials were not able to comment at the time.
In June 1992, PayLess Drug Stores officially acquired the money-losing Pay 'n Save drug stores from Thrifty Corporation. Leonard Green & Partners, a Los Angeles investment firm that specializes in management buyouts agreed to acquire Thrifty Corporation's other division, including Pay 'n Save's Bi-Mart. Following the sale, the Pay 'n Save stores were renamed PayLess Drug.
M. Lamont Bean, the company's president from 1959 to 1984, died on February 5, 2004 at age 79.

</doc>
<doc id="2850589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850589" title="Charlie Williams (comedian)">
Charlie Williams (comedian)

Charles Adolphus Williams MBE (23 December 1927—2 September 2006) was a mixed-race English professional footballer (one of the first black players in British football after the Second World War), and later became Britain's first well-known black stand-up comedian.
He became famous from his appearances on Granada Television's "The Comedians" and ATV's "The Golden Shot", delivering his catchphrase, "me old flower" in his broad Yorkshire accent.
Early life and football career.
Williams was born in Royston, a small mining village near Barnsley, West Riding of Yorkshire. His father, also Charles, had come to England in 1914 from Barbados, and enlisted in the Royal Engineers.
After the First World War, his father settled in Royston, where he sold groceries from a horse and cart, and married a local girl, Frances Cook. His father had been forced to give up his job as a greengrocer as a result of trench foot acquired in France, and depended on National Assistance.
After leaving school aged 14, Williams worked at Upton Colliery during the Second World War, a reserved occupation. He played football for the colliery team, before turning professional, and signing for Doncaster Rovers in 1948, aged 19. A centre-half, he played for the first team in 1950, but then remained in the reserves until 1955, when he became an established first team player for four years.
He played 171 times for Rovers in total, but scored only one goal, in a Second Division game away to Barnsley on 24 March 1956. In his own words, "I was never a fancy player, but I could stop them buggers that were." He ended his career with Skegness Town in the Midland League.
He married twice. He was first married to Audrey Crump on April Fool's Day, 1 April 1957. They had two children. He later married a second time, to Janice, who survived him.
Showbusiness career.
Following his retirement from the game in 1959, Williams tried his hand as a singer in local working men's clubs, but it was his comic chat between the songs that was best received, so he decided to move into comedy full-time. He eventually became Britain's first well-known black television comedian. He came to prominence from 1971, when he began appearing regularly on "The Comedians". The show broadcast stand-up routines from relatively unknown but often very experienced club comedians, including Frank Carson, Mike Reid and Bernard Manning. The novel combination of a black man with a Yorkshire accent and his first-hand experience of life in the British working class made him unmistakable.
Williams' comedy was often at his own expense, and particularly his colour. He used to respond to heckling by saying: "If you don't shut up, I'll come and move in next door to you". Like other popular comedians of his era, his comedy included jokes about "Pakis" and "coons". His reinforcement of his audience's prejudices and negative race stereotypes was perhaps a necessary product of the environment and time in which his career began, typified by a resurgent National Front, a minstrelsy variety show in the form of "The Black and White Minstrel Show" on the BBC, and the sitcom "Love Thy Neighbour", in which he appeared as himself in one of the episodes, which were made by Thames Television for the National ITV network. Nevertheless, he was a role model for a new generation of British black comedians, such as Lenny Henry and Gary Wilmot, growing up in the 1970s, when almost all others were white. Broadcaster Dotun Adebayo wrote a 2012 play "Skinteeth" on the theme of Williams' comedy perpetuating 1970s stereotypes of black people.
He reached the pinnacle of his comedy career in the early 1970s. In 1972, he spent a six-month season at the London Palladium; presented his own show, "It's Charlie Williams", on Granada Television; appeared on "This Is Your Life" when he was surprised by Eamonn Andrews at the Batley Variety Club; and appeared at the Royal Variety Performance. In 1973, he presented a one-off special "Charlie Williams Show" on BBC2, and published an autobiography, "Ee-I've Had Some Laughs". He was popular enough at this time to be featured as the star of his own one page comic strip in IPC's Shiver and Shake comic at this time. He was also the host of ATV's popular game show "The Golden Shot" for a six-month period from late 1973 to early 1974, although he often struggled to hold together this fast moving live show, and it ultimately had a detrimental effect on his career.
In 1976, Williams toured Rhodesia, and appeared before audiences at packed nightclubs in Salisbury. At that time the white minority rule government of Rhodesia had unilaterally declared independence from Britain, which had severed all ties with the Rhodesian government.
By the late 1970s and early 1980s, his brand of humour was becoming old-fashioned, and his career declined. He caused offence to some, and praised by others, for defending the Robertson's Golliwog trade mark, and for saying that immigrants to the United Kingdom should conform to the British way of life.
He retired after a final tour in 1995.
Later life.
Williams became a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in 1999 for his charity work. He was given a lifetime achievement award at the "Black Comedy Awards" in 2000, where it was recognised that he had "broken down barriers". In 2004, he was voted Doncaster Rovers' "all-time cult hero" by viewers of the BBC's "Football Focus" programme.

</doc>
<doc id="2850591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850591" title="Brugal">
Brugal

Brugal is the name and brand of a variety of rums from the Dominican Republic produced by Brugal & Co., C. por A. Brugal and the other Dominican rums, Barceló and Bermúdez, are collectively known as the three B's. Brugal has three distilleries, one in Puerto Plata and two in San Pedro de Macorís.
Company history.
During the second half of the 19th century, Andrés Brugal Montaner, a Spanish national who had migrated from Sitges (Catalonia, Spain) to Santiago de Cuba, decided to move to the Dominican Republic and take up permanent residence in Puerto Plata. While in Cuba, Don Andrés acquired expertise in the making of rum, and based on that experience he founded Brugal & Co. in Puerto Plata, the company produces several different kinds of rum. After introducing its dark rum into the market in 1888. It would mark the beginning of a long family tradition. Don Andrés, unknowingly, would become the forebearer of entrepreneurial leadership in Dominican society. In 1920 the company's first warehouses were built for the ageing of rum in oak barrels.
By 1976, with Extraviejo, the company developed the Premium rum segment in Dominican Republic. In 1998 Brugal & Co. launched Brugal Limón, Brugal Pasión and Unico. In 2005, the company launched 5-liter steel dispensing barrels for its medium and low-tier brands.
Today, the chairman George Arzeno Brugal and most of the board members are direct descendants of the founder of the company. Brugal is taking a lead role to establish that there is only one real rum - that which is actually produced from the sugar cane. Caribbean rum producers are concerned at the growing quantities of spirits being passed off as rum around the world. Efforts have now advanced hand in hand with the European Union to establish an official definition, and now Dominican rum can be classified under the prestigious label of Denomination of Protected Origin (D.O.P) as are the products of the region of Champagne, France and tequila from Mexico. With Brugal being the third largest producer of rum in the world, it has a lot to gain.
Some popular ways Brugal is consumed is over ice, mixed with coke which is commonly referred to as a ‘cuba libre’, mixed with 7-up which is commonly referred to as a ‘santo libre’, or simply by itself in a glass. Some people mix Brugal with fresh fruit juices. It is also usually the main ingredient in mamajuana which is a drink that is rumored to have qualities as an aphrodisiac.
If you travel anywhere within the Dominican Republic, Brugals popularity is evident. From bars, to stores, to colmados, to people’s homes, you will come across a bottle of Brugal just about anywhere you look. Rum is the Dominican Republics national drink and Brugals omnipresence can be considered a direct testament to its quality.
Expansion and Operations.
The enterprise spread to other areas, namely livestock, agriculture, ecology, veterinarian and pharmaceutical products, distribution of renowned international liquors and alcoholic beverages, hardware store, production of other alcoholic beverages and patronage of institutions engaged in social work. Brugal has factories in Puerto Plata where the rums are produced. The distribution and marketing offices are located in the capital city of Santo Domingo, and there is also a regional office in Santiago de los Caballeros, the Dominican Republic's second largest city. The company currently supplies the market with several varieties of rum, each with a distinctive taste.
Brugal has international presence in many of the Caribbean islands, the United States, Canada, and Europe, where Spain and Italy are the largest consumers.
Edrington acquisition.
On February 6, 2008, Brugal & Co. made public that The Edrington Group, a large Scottish distilling company, won control of the company by acquiring a majority shareholding. In a press release, the Brugal family assured that production will continue within the Dominican Republic and that they will remain as shareholders and have an active role in managing the company and brand.
Figures published indicate that the price paid by Edrington for a holding of just over 60%) was in excess of £200million.
Brands and Varieties.
A number of Brugal rums have been submitted for review at international spirit ratings organizations. The extra viejo has performed reasonably well, particularly given its modest price (relative to other higher-end rums). Wine Enthusiast awarded it scores of "90-95" in 2009, while the San Francisco World Spirits Competition gave it a silver medal in that same year.

</doc>
<doc id="2850595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850595" title="No One (album)">
No One (album)

No One is the only studio album by Chicago nu metal band of the same name. It was released on August 14, 2001 via Immortal Records and produced by Johnny K who also worked with Chicago natives Disturbed and Soil. Neither the band nor their debut release gained any widespread commercial attention, despite the album being classified under the once-popular nu metal genre. Two singles from "No One" were released in "Chemical" and "Down on Me" and received moderate radio play for a short time.
Background and recording.
After forming the group, No One began writing and played their first show on August 5, 2000 at Champ’s. Having taken place between two Chicago dates for Ozzfest, the show gained the attention of Disturbed, Soulfly, and The Deadlights. No One only played two more weeks of concerts before joining Johnny K to record a 3-track demo. This resulted the recording of "Chemical," "It’s Real," and "My Release."
Shortly after, No One received a phone call notifying them that a Californian manager had been shopping the demo around without their consent. They were approached by Immortal Records and, after reviewing other offers, chose the aforementioned label due to their reputation for breaking in heavy metal bands, their promotional tactics, and their long-term approach in never having dropped any bands.
No One entered the studio in December 2000 without letting Immortal know that not enough songs had been written for an album. "Shedding", "Down on Me", and "Inside Out" were then written in the studio. After finishing up recording, No One resumed touring on April 5, 2001.
Vocalist Murk described the album in an interview: "It’s a journey of peaks and valleys. There is a lot of emotions and changes in it. I have been working on it my entire life. It definitely took a long time to write it and a lot of hard work."
Touring and promotion.
No One opened for Slaves on Dope and Hinge to promote their eponymous debut record. In July 2001, the band performed on the Second Stage of Ozzfest 2001 but canceled after only ten days. They also participated in the Pledge of Allegiance tour, a leg of Slipknot's Iowa World Tour co-headlined by System of a Down.
The song "Chemical" was released as the lead single. It gained moderate airplay in late summer and early fall of 2001 and had a music video which aired on MTV2. It was later included on the soundtrack to the video game "Jonny Moseley Mad Trix". "Down on Me" followed as the second single. "Cut," "Chemical," "Hype," and "It's Real" were all featured in the game '. A live rendition of "My Release" was featured on ' in March 2002.
Critical reception.
Allmusic's JT Griffith gave the album a 2.5/5 rating and emphasized No One's lack of originality and similarity to contemporaries but also their passionate, aggressive style: "No One is a good thrashing rock outfit, but original is not what they do. . . It may not be ground-breaking, but it is going to be hugely popular." He added, "The album cover has a picture of a man's face with his eyes covered like a prisoner. So when Murk claims that he doesn't 'see a lot of (Korn or Pantera) in music today' it's easy to wonder if he is blinded too."
Track listing.
All music written by No One. Lyrics by Murk.

</doc>
<doc id="2850596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850596" title="Suleiman Pasha">
Suleiman Pasha

Suleiman Pasha (, also transliterated as "Sulayman Pasha", "Süleyman Pasha", "Suleyman Pasha", "Sulejman Pasha") may refer to one of the following persons:

</doc>
<doc id="2850599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850599" title="Dominican rums">
Dominican rums

The world famous rums of the Dominican Republic are known as the 3 Bs, for Brugal, Barcelo, and Bermudez. Unlike most other rums, Dominican rums give more importance to "smoothness", producing a unique rum thanks to an original and natural process of distillation and aging done in American white oak kegs. 
The most well known family name in the Dominican Rum industry is Bermúdez. According to reports, one of Christopher Columbus' first companions on his trips to Hispaniola was Don Diego Bermúdez, who brought sugar cane to extract alcohol, the basic ingredient in rum processing. The House of Bermúdez goes back to 1852, when Don Erasmo Bermúdez created the formula for the "Amargo Panacea", a famous rum to be drunk as an appetizer. Thus, the first Dominican spirited drink of repute was born and the first industry established in the then recently created Dominican Republic. Until 1927, the company was directed by Don Armando Bermúdez, who transformed it into a national industry. Later, as it became a corporation. Its first administrator was Domingo O. Bermúdez, under whose direction the company reached its current status of national institution. 
External links.
Bermúdez - El mejor ron dominicano[http://www.ronbermudez.com/]

</doc>
<doc id="2850602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850602" title="Brain (comics)">
Brain (comics)

The Brain is a fictional character, a supervillain in the and frequent enemy of the Doom Patrol. He is a French mastermind and criminal genius. 
Fictional character biography.
As a scientist, the man who would one day become known as the Brain performed experiments on animals to raise their intelligence. One of these was on a captured gorilla, raising its I.Q. to the genius-level of 178. He named the gorilla Monsieur Mallah and educated him for almost a decade before making him his personal assistant.
His colleague, Niles Caulder grew jealous of his work and arranged for the scientist to get caught in an explosion, which destroyed the scientist's body. Only the brain survived, which Caulder planned on putting into a robotic body. 
Mallah rescued the scientist, taking his brain and transferring it to a computer network that kept it functioning (Caulder would later engineer another accident causing the racecar driver Cliff Steele to crash his car; Caulder then put Steele's brain in the artificial body originally meant for the scientist).
Now known simply as the Brain, the scientist and Mallah gathered together the criminal organization known as the Brotherhood of Evil in hopes of conquering the world and getting revenge on Caulder. Caulder, now known as the "Chief", through a series of other accidents that he was later shown to have manipulated, would form the superhero group known as the Doom Patrol (Caulder's involvement in the events which transformed the Doom Patrol, and the Brain, was retconned decades after the creation of the Doom Patrol and the Brain; originally the incidents were genuine accidents). Setting out to destroy the Chief's 'pets', the Brain, Mallah, and their Brotherhood became enemies of the Patrol. Their criminal activities would also pit them against the Teen Titans.
During Grant Morrison's Doom Patrol run, Mallah had the Brain placed in Robotman's new body (Robotman's brain had been removed from it earlier, due to it malfunctioning). In his new body, the Brain confessed to Mallah he was in love with him. When Mallah revealed he felt the same way, the two kissed. However, Robotman's body had developed sentience and vowed never to be enslaved by a brain again; when Mallah placed his lover in the body, he triggered a self-destruct mechanism, which exploded as they kissed.
The two would later resurface (the Brain back to floating in a jar). It is uncertain if the two somehow survived the explosion, or if they were brought back to life by some alteration of reality (in "Zero Hour", the world was destroyed and recreated with subtle differences, and in "Infinite Crisis", Superboy-Prime's pounding on the "walls of reality" created ripples which altered reality and caused history to repeat itself for several characters).
The Brotherhood later began raiding genetic research facilities; their plan being to unlock the secrets of cloning in order to create a new body for the Brain, so he and Monsieur Mallah "can finally live happily ever after." The Brain was ultimately able to clone a new body for himself, but after a short while it began to break down, so he had Mallah rip off his head so he could put his brain back into another jar.
In the "Salvation Run" storyline, Brain and Monsieur Mallah appear amongst the villains that were sent to the planet Cygnus 4019. Brain and Monsieur Mallah arrive at Joker's camp, and Monsieur Mallah asks Gorilla Grodd to speak with him away from the others. Mallah proposes to Grodd that as fellow gorillas, the natural kings of the jungle, they should team up, and through their combined might be able to rule the entire place by themselves. Gorilla Grodd laughs at Monsieur Mallah for considering himself, an "absurd science experiment," comparable to "a proud child of Gorilla City." Monsieur Mallah strikes Gorilla Grodd and calls him a beast, causing Grodd to fly into a rage and try to kill him. Although Monsieur Mallah also has a gun and shoots Gorilla Grodd several times, Gorilla Grodd still has the upper hand, and is about to kill Monsieur Mallah when Brain interjects, pleading for Monsieur Mallah's life. Thinking better of it, Grodd picks Brain up and beats Mallah to death with Brain smashing Brain's protective hull in the process and killing him as well. Before breathing his last breath, Monsieur Mallah says he dies happy taking solace in that he and Brain will finally be able to be together forever.
In "The New 52", Brain and Monsieur Mallah have assisted Gorilla Grodd in taking over the remains of Central City at the time when The Black had taken over most of the world. They end up capturing Animal Man and the heroes that are with him. Animal Man's group is saved by Frankenstein and his Patchwork Army who defeat most of the gorillas as a few of them are allowed to escape in order to tell the tale of their defeat.
Powers and abilities.
One of the most formidable villains ever encountered by the Doom Patrol, or even in DC Comics, The Brain is more of a cerebral opponent but all the more dangerous for it. A former polymath, The Brain has a genius level IQ which he puts to use as a criminal mastermind and is more than capable of plotting out perfect crimes. The Brain is completely single-minded, and motivated almost entirely towards domination of others, the committing of even more perfect crimes, and ultimate revenge against Niles Caulder.
Adept in psychology, he is also a master of coercion, deceit and manipulation, being able to persuade almost anybody to do his dirty work for him, even to the point where his agents are under the illusion that they are not actually committing evil or immoral acts. This has however on occasion been hinted to be a result of mind control by the use of telepathy on the part of The Brain. It was through these vast cerebral abilities that The Brain was able to unite various villains under his leadership, and form the Brotherhood of Evil.
Although others often act as brawn to his brain, most notably his assistant–partner Monsieur Mallah, The Brain has occasionally used agile robotic bodies to give him mobility. The different contraptions which have been seen to hold his brain were designed by The Brain himself (also a master in biology and robotics) and have proved time and time again to be durable and even nigh-indestructible. On the rare occasion when The Brain has been caught vulnerable without robotic protection or assistance from other villains, he has protected himself by attacking opponents through telekinesis.
Except for the times when he has possessed robot bodies as mentioned above, the Brain is normally portrayed as an ordinary human brain, albeit housed within what could be described as a life-sized chess piece which contains the equipment required to keep him alive; it is this portrayal that was adapted in the animated versions of the Brain as mentioned in this article. In the original "Doom Patrol" series, he was regularly portrayed as a disembodied brain, bobbing inside a sealed dome filled with a nutrient bath, hooked up with numerous machines, including a loudspeaker to convey his voice.
Other versions.
Golden Age.
DC Comics previously had another villain named the Brain during the Golden Age of Comics. He was an ordinary criminal who earned his nickname for his cleverness, and was not literally just a brain. He alongside Captain Bigg, Hopper, False-Face and Rattler were one of five small-time villains hired by Black Star to commit a bank robbery. They were all foiled by the Seven Soldiers of Victory.
Smallville.
In Smallville season 11, The Brain appears on the back of Monsieur Mallah, rob the Musée du Louvre. They are both taken down by Superman, and Impulse 

</doc>
<doc id="2850603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850603" title="Cogent">
Cogent

Cogent can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2850606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850606" title="Hoist controller">
Hoist controller

A hoist controller is the controller for a hoist. The term is used primarily in the context of electrically operated hoists, but it is apparent that the control systems of many 20th century steam hoists also incorporated controllers of significant complexity. Consider the control system of the Quincy Mine No. 2 Hoist. This control system included interlocks to close the throttle valve at the end of trip and to prevent opening the throttle again until the winding engine was reversed. The control system also incorporated a governor to control the speed of the hoist and indicator wheels to show the hoist operator the positions of the skips in the mine shaft.
The hoist controllers for modern electric mining hoists have long included such features as automatic starting of the hoist when the weight of coal or ore in the skip reaches a set point, automatic acceleration of the hoist to full speed and automatic deceleration at the end of travel.
Hoist controllers need both velocity and absolute position references taken, typically taken from the winding drum of the hoist. Modern hoist controllers replace many of the mechanical analog mechanisms of earlier controllers with digital control systems.

</doc>
<doc id="2850614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850614" title="Riemannian submersion">
Riemannian submersion

In differential geometry, a branch of mathematics, a Riemannian submersion is a submersion from one Riemannian manifold to another that respects the metrics, meaning that it is an orthogonal projection on tangent spaces.
Let ("M", "g") and ("N", "h") be two Riemannian manifolds and 
a submersion. 
Then "f" is a Riemannian submersion if and only if the isomorphism
is an isometry.
Examples.
An example of a Riemannian submersion arises when a Lie group formula_3 acts isometrically, freely and properly on a Riemannian manifold formula_4. 
The projection formula_5 to the quotient space formula_6 equipped with the quotient metric is a Riemannian submersion.
For example, component-wise multiplication on formula_7 by the group of unit complex numbers yields the Hopf fibration.
Properties.
The sectional curvature of the target space of a Riemannian submersion can be calculated from the curvature of the total space by O'Neill's formula:
where formula_9 are orthonormal vector fields on formula_10, formula_11 their horizontal lifts to formula_12, formula_13 is the Lie brackets and formula_14 is the projection of the vector field formula_15 to the vertical distribution.
In particular the lower bound for the sectional curvature of formula_10 is at least as big as the lower bound for the sectional curvature of formula_12.

</doc>
<doc id="2850619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850619" title="The Nerds">
The Nerds

"The Nerds" is a series of sketches on American sketch comedy series "Saturday Night Live." The protagonists of the sketch are Lisa Loopner (played by Gilda Radner) and Todd DiLaMuca (played by Bill Murray), whose repartée with one another would be the focus of the sketch, and regular character Mrs. Loopner (played by Jane Curtin), Lisa's mother, in whose home the sketches were usually set. Virtually all the time Mrs. Loopner, a widow, would wear a bathrobe. She often referred to her "wifely duties" concerning her late husband, and told Lisa Loopner to "...go warm up the Gremlin..." before they went out somewhere.
Todd would often give Lisa noogies by getting her in a headlock and knocking her on the top of the head, and a regular element of the sketches would be Todd making fun of her flat chest. He'd look down her shirt to see whether there were "any new developments" and then make a disparaging comment such as "Better put some Band-Aids on those mosquito bites," to which Lisa's weary reply was often "That's so funny I forgot to laugh," or "The last time I heard that I fell off my dinosaur".
Todd's name was originally given as "Todd LaBounta", but was changed in later sketches after legal action was threatened by a real person with that name. When the earlier LaBounta "Nerd" sketches were re-run on repeat SNL broadcasts, the audio was re-edited so that Todd's last name was not heard. 
Guest stars included Michael Palin, who played Mr. Brighton, Lisa's piano teacher with an uncontrollable libido, in two sketches; Buck Henry as Todd's father, Marshall; and Steve Martin as Todd's rival Chas the Spaz.
In 1979, the series producers came up with a sketch in the series titled "Nerds' Nativity". Intended to be aired three days before Christmas Day, the sketch was a source of friction between the show's producer, Lorne Michaels, and NBC's standards department. The standards department contended that it was inappropriate to spoof the nativity of Jesus; the producer countered that in fact the sketch was spoofing nativity plays. In the end, the sketch was broadcast, although with some of the dialogue cut, resulting in viewers sending letters of complaint to the program.

</doc>
<doc id="2850627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850627" title="United Macedonian Diaspora">
United Macedonian Diaspora

Founded in 2004, the United Macedonian Diaspora (UMD) (, "Obedineta makedonska dijaspora") is non-governmental organization registered in Washington DC, United States as a not-for-profit entity and a 501(c)(3) tax-exempt organization. It address the interests and needs of Macedonian people and communities throughout the world outside of Macedonia.
Objectives and Policy Issues.
The United Macedonian Diaspora states its main goals are to "to foster unity among Macedonian people and to advance their cause". The organization's objectives are safeguarding the rights of Macedonians around the world; strengthening the unity of the Macedonian Diaspora; acting for the benefit of Macedonian communities before governmental and international bodies; cooperating with the world community by promoting universal ideals of peace, freedom, self-determination, and justice; and preserving and promoting Macedonian culture. Policy issues the organization undertakes are as follows: supporting the Republic of Macedonia's constitutional and rightful name; advancing Macedonian issues through educational advocacy, charitable efforts, and social and cultural events; defending the Macedonian ethnic and national identity internationally; supporting the human rights of Macedonians in Albania, Bulgaria, Greece, Kosovo, and Serbia; improving bilateral relations between Macedonia and Australia, Canada, China, European Union Member-States, Russia, and the United States, among others; and assisting in Macedonia’s accession into international bodies such as the EU and NATO.
Publications.
UMD publishes its magazine UMD Voice four times a year. The magazine keeps the UMD members informed on the latest events concerning the Republic of Macedonia and the ethnic Macedonians as well as UMD organized events and initiatives. The newest issue of UMD Voice is available free of charge at this location. The editor of UMD Voice is Mark Branov.
Organization and Structure.
With headquarters in Washington, D.C., UMD has representatives serving Macedonian communities around the world, including in Albania, Australia, Austria, Canada, France, Germany, Greece, Russia, the United Kingdom, and throughout the United States. The current members of the UMD Board of Directors are as follows: Stojan Nikolov (Chairman of the Board), Metodija A. Koloski (President), Aleksandar Mitreski, (Vice President), George Peters (Secretary), Lidija Stojkoska (Treasurer), Ordan Andreevski (Director of Australian Operations), Jim Daikos (Director of Canadian Operations), Dame Krcoski (Board Member), Goran Saveski (Board Member), Trajko Papuckoski (Board Member).
Lobbying.
The United Macedonian Diaspora states its main goals are to "foster unity among Macedonian people and to advance their cause", but it also lobbies for the Republic of Macedonia in the Macedonia naming dispute. The UMD is active in a "global cultural war" against Greece in which they "seek to gain recognition for the Republic of Macedonia under its constitutional name" (which Greece objects to), and to "secure full human rights for Macedonian minorities in Greece and other Balkan countries".
The UMD operates as a tax-exempt, international non-profit organization in the U.S under Law 501 C3, which prohibits lobbying within the U.S to those who are authorised to run non-profit organisations. Those who intend to lobby professionally, have to proceed with the establishment of such bodies, under even stricter financial control, such as the IRS. However, Metodija Koloski and the UMD lobby inside and outside the U.S., an action which constitutes a conflict of interest. Metodija A. Koloski, the president of UMD, has been operating as an agent for the Turkish government since 2008 through DLA Piper which is officially lobbying for Turkey. Koloski is a contributor to the Turkish Coalition USA PAC, a project of the Turkish Coalition of America, which provided UMD a challenge matching grant in the sum of $150,000.
According to U.S. Law, foreign agents as well as non-profit organisations are not allowed to lobby within the U.S. in favour of foreign countries/principals without disclosing to the U.S. Congress that they are not representing the interests of U.S citizens. The UMD is not, by its own by-laws, a U.S. organization representing the interests of U.S. citizens. However, Koloski, a registered Foreign Agent and the UMD, an international non-profit organization representing the interests of Macedonians all over the world, created a "Macedonian Caucus" with the help of a US Congresswoman Rep Candice Miller.

</doc>
<doc id="2850629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850629" title="Rhynchobdellida">
Rhynchobdellida

Rhynchobdellida, the jawless leeches, are classified as an order of the Hirudinea. But leech taxonomy and systematics will eventually be revised in due time, not because there are many uncertainties about their phylogeny, but because the major clades of clitellate annelids – and whether the clitellates are themselves a clade – have not been fully elucidated. For example, the "true leeches" (Euhirudinea) might actually be synonymous with the Hirudinea, as all other leech-like annelids might not be very closely related to the true leeches. 
Compared to their sister taxon, the Arhynchobdellida (proboscisless leeches), rhynchobdellid systematics has always been rather straightforward as regards the main clades contained therein. The common name is actually misleading however, as jawlessness is a primitive trait among leeches in general – most Arhynchobdellida are in fact jawless too. It is rather the proboscis that is the characteristic apomorphy of the Rhynchobdellida.
Two or three families are recognized: The Glossiphoniidae are freshwater leeches, flattened, and with a poorly defined anterior sucker. The Piscicolidae occur in both freshwater and seawater, have cylindrical bodies, and a usually well-marked, bell-shaped, anterior sucker. The Ozobranchidae are not universally accepted as distinct; some authors prefer to merge them with the Piscicolidae.

</doc>
<doc id="2850632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850632" title="Télesphore Fournier">
Télesphore Fournier

Télesphore Fournier, PC (August 5, 1823 – May 10, 1896) was a Canadian politician and jurist.
Born in Saint-François-de-la-Rivière-du-Sud, Lower Canada (now Quebec), the son of Guillaume Fournier and Marie-Archange Morin, he was called to the bar in 1846. On July 22, 1857, he married Hermine-Eloïse Demers, and they had nine children: seven daughters and two sons.
From 1855 to 1859, he was the co-owner and co-editor of the newspaper, "Le National de Québec".
In an 1870 by-election, he was acclaimed as a Liberal Member of Parliament in the riding of Bellechasse. He was re-elected in 1872, 1873, and 1875. He held three ministerial positions: Minister of Inland Revenue (1873–1874), Minister of Justice and Attorney General of Canada (1874–1875), and Postmaster General (1875). He tabled the bill to create the Supreme Court of Canada in February 1875. 
At that period of time, it was possible to be a Member of Parliament and a Member of the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Quebec (pre-1968 designation of the (Quebec National Assembly) (MLA). He was an MLA in the riding of Montmagny from 1871 to 1873.
He was appointed as one of the first judges of the Supreme Court of Canada on September 30, 1875. Four years later, his wife died, and his eldest daughter then kept house. He retired on September 12, 1895, and died on May 10, 1896, at the age of 72. 
The house he lived in from 1877 until 1882 is now the Embassy of the Republic of Croatia in Ottawa.

</doc>
<doc id="2850640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850640" title="Busemann function">
Busemann function

Busemann functions were introduced by Busemann to study the large-scale geometry of metric spaces in his seminal "The Geometry of Geodesics". More recently, Busemann functions have been used by probabilists to study asymptotic properties in models of first-passage percolation.
Definition.
Let formula_1 be a metric space. A ray is a path formula_2 which minimizes distance everywhere along its length. i.e., for all formula_3, 
Equivalently, a ray is an isometry from the "canonical ray" (the set formula_5 equipped with the Euclidean metric) into the metric space "X".
Given a ray "γ", the Busemann function formula_6 is defined by
That is, when "t" is very large, the distance formula_8 is approximately equal to formula_9. Given a ray "γ", its Busemann function is always well-defined.
Loosely speaking, a Busemann function can be thought of as a "distance to infinity" along the ray "γ".

</doc>
<doc id="2850641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850641" title="City Link (company)">
City Link (company)

City Link is a British next day courier company based in Coventry, United Kingdom. City Link operates a service in the UK including the Isle of Man from its hub in Coventry in the West Midlands although other offices exist in other areas of the country. The company was sold by Rentokil Initial plc to the corporate restructing firm Better Capital in April 2013.
History.
City Link was founded in 1969 (as a subsidiary of Orbit Cargo Services Limited). The company was created to provide a cross-town transfer service for Red Star Parcels (operated by British Rail). At the time, Red Star Parcels only travelled on direct passenger services, so a sender in Brighton could not despatch a parcel to Norwich, as a transfer had to be undertaken in London between London Victoria station and Liverpool Street station. In addition, the Red Star service was limited to station-to-station only and following increasing demand from its customers, City Link established a UK nationwide network of "Agents" to collect parcels from the local station and deliver to the consignee. 
In 1989 the company was acquired by Securiguard Limited. On 20 November 2005 Initial City Link announced that as a part of its expansion programme, they were to ‘buy back’ the franchises. This was completed in March 2007 with the purchase of Tiger Haulage Ltd, City Link's Bedfordshire, Hertfordshire and Buckinghamshire franchise. At the time of purchase, Tiger Haulage was the largest franchisee of Initial City Link, operating 30 depots over 4 counties.
Target Express acquisition.
Exactly one year after Initial City Link announced its buy back scheme, Initial City Link finished negotiations with the shareholders of Target Express to purchase the company on 20 November 2006. Target was officially acquired and taken over by Initial City Link on 1 March 2007. As a part of its merger with Target Express, City Link was planning to close 42 of the 110 combined branches in the first half of 2008 to provide a single integrated network. However at the end of February 2008 managing director Petar Cvetkovic announced a suspension of further integration of Target Express depots until January 2009. The merger of the two units has proved problematic (particularly due to depots running different computer systems), damaging profits at parent company Rentokil Initial. Rentokil turned down several offers for the loss-making unit in 2008, stating that it instead intended to turn around City Link's fortunes. 
In 2011 City Link was still losing money, annual figures released in July show losses growing to £17.8M and revenues down 13.5pc, and a November 2011 trading statement stated losses of £25M in the first nine months. Rentokil Initial sold the business to corporate restructuring firm Better Capital in April 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="2850643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850643" title="Turn Against This Land">
Turn Against This Land

Turn Against This Land is the debut album from the London-based band Dogs, released in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="2850652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850652" title="Conjugate points">
Conjugate points

In differential geometry, conjugate points are, roughly, points that can almost be joined by a 1-parameter family of geodesics. For example, on a sphere, the north-pole and south-pole are connected by any meridian.
Definition.
Suppose "p" and "q" are points on a Riemannian manifold, and formula_1 is a geodesic that connects "p" and "q". Then "p" and "q" are conjugate points along formula_1 if there exists a non-zero Jacobi field along formula_1 that vanishes at "p" and "q".
Recall that any Jacobi field can be written as the derivative of a geodesic variation (see the article on Jacobi fields). Therefore, if "p" and "q" are conjugate along formula_1, one can construct a family of geodesics that start at "p" and "almost" end at "q". In particular,
if formula_5 is the family of geodesics whose derivative in "s" at formula_6 generates the Jacobi field "J", then the end point
of the variation, namely formula_7, is the point "q" only up to first order in "s". Therefore, if two points are conjugate, it is not necessary that there exist two distinct geodesics joining them.

</doc>
<doc id="2850657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850657" title="John W. Maher">
John W. Maher

John W. Maher (June 10, 1866 – May 10, 1917) was an American politician and a veterinarian. He served as a member of the South Dakota House of Representatives.
Biography.
John W. Maher was born near Freeport, Illinois to Irish immigrants, James Thomas Maher (January 1, 1842 – March 10, 1923) and Anna (Farley) Maher (November 11, 1839 – September 3, 1907). In 1873, Maher came with his family from Illinois to Dakota Territory, settling in Union County. On May 31, 1887, he married Barbara A. Cooper (August 6, 1861 – August 29, 1937), the daughter of Prussian immigrants. Two of the couple's five children died in infancy.
Maher engaged in business in Beresford, South Dakota and learned that he did not like it. In spite of a lack of college training, Maher obtained a veterinary license; and soon, Maher was recognized as a good practitioner of veterinary medicine. Maher built a hospital near his home and established a widely used line of veterinary medicines.
In the fall of 1911, Maher was one of sixty or seventy men from Beresford who attended a meeting in Sioux Falls, South Dakota. The meeting was called by Dr. Hanson of Brookings, South Dakota for the purpose of organizing plans for a new highway, which would pass from Winnipeg, Canada to the Gulf of Mexico. The highway was eventually known as US Highway Number 77, which was completed in the fall of 1939.
In 1912, Maher was elected to represent the first district of the state Legislature in the South Dakota House of Representatives. He spent his last three years in failing health and used a wheelchair during that time. Maher's health problems were attributed to a strenuous life. He died peacefully in his sleep. During the hour of John W. Maher's funeral, all businesses in Beresford, South Dakota were closed by proclamation of the Mayor.

</doc>
<doc id="2850658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850658" title="Barely Legal (album)">
Barely Legal (album)

Barely Legal is an album released in September 1997 by then-unknown Swedish group called The Hives, from Fagersta, Sweden.
The album's second track, "A.K.A. I-D-I-O-T", had a video produced, but it was not commercially released until it was included as an extra on some pressings of "Your New Favourite Band". The band later recorded an EP by the same name.
The album sleeve features three quotations from fake newspaper reviews. These quotations are originally from British newspapers referring to the Aldous Huxley novel "Brave New World".
Track listing.
All songs, with the exception of Black Jack, written by Randy Fitzsimmons. 

</doc>
<doc id="2850665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850665" title="Hadamard space">
Hadamard space

In geometry, an Hadamard space, named after Jacques Hadamard, is a non-linear generalization of a Hilbert space. It is defined to be a nonempty complete metric space where, given any points "x", "y", there exists a point "m" such that for every point "z",
The point "m" is then the midpoint of "x" and "y": formula_2.
In a Hilbert space, the above inequality is equality (with formula_3), and in general an Hadamard space is said to be "flat" if the above inequality is equality. A flat Hadmard space is isomorphic to a closed convex subset of a Hilbert space. In particular, a normed space is an Hadamard space if and only if it is a Hilbert space.
The geometry of Hadamard spaces resembles that of Hilbert spaces, making it a natural setting for the study of rigidity theorems. In an Hadamard space, any two points can be joined by a unique geodesic between them; in particular, it is contractible. Quite generally, if "B" is a bounded subset of a metric space, then the center of the closed ball of the minimum radius containing it is called the "circumcenter" of "B". Every bounded subset of an Hadamard space is contained in the smallest closed ball (which is the same as the closure of its convex hull). If formula_4 is the group of isometries of an Hadamard space leaving invariant "B", then formula_4 fixes the circumcenter of "B". (Bruhat–Tits fixed point theorem)
The basic result for a non-positively curved manifold is the Cartan–Hadamard theorem. The analog holds for an Hadamard space: a complete, connected metric space which is locally isometric to an Hadamard space has an Hadamard space as its universal cover. Its variant applies for non-positively curved orbifolds. (cf. Lurie.)
Examples of Hadamard spaces are Hilbert spaces, the Poincaré disc, trees (e.g., Bruhat–Tits building), Cayley graphs of hyperbolic groups or more generally CAT(0) groups, ("p", "q")-space with "p", "q" ≥ 3 and 2"pq" ≥ "p" + "q", and Riemannian manifolds of nonpositive sectional curvature (e.g., symmetric spaces). An Hadamard space is precisely a complete CAT(0) space.
Applications of Hadamard spaces are not restricted to geometry. In 1998, Dmitry Burago and Serge Ferleger used CAT(0) geometry to solve a problem in Dynamical billiards: in a gas of hard balls, is there a uniform bound on the number of collisions? The solution begins by constructing a configuration space for the dynamical system, obtained by joining together copies of corresponding billiard table, which turns out to be an Hadamard space.

</doc>
<doc id="2850666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850666" title="Riverview (Gatineau)">
Riverview (Gatineau)

Riverview is an historic manor in Gatineau, Quebec. It was originally built by the lumber baron David Moore in 1865. The sprawling Jacobean structure is a noted landmark. The house later became home to Edward S. Skead and his family, who were also in the lumber business.
The city slowly encroached on the manor and it lost its exclusive status. After the First World War, it was sold and became a popular nightclub known as the Homestead Inn. In 1939, it changed roles again becoming the Ville-Joie-Ste-Thérèse orphanage. As orphanages were phased out in the 1960s, the facility became a nursery, but this closed in 1972. Today the building is the home of the Gatineau campus of the Conservatoire de musique et d'art dramatique du Québec.

</doc>
<doc id="2850670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850670" title="Dowel">
Dowel

A dowel is a solid cylindrical rod, usually made of wood, plastic, or metal. In its original manufactured form, a dowel is called a "dowel rod". Dowel rods are often cut into short lengths called "dowel pins". Dowels are employed in numerous, diverse applications including as axles in toys, detents (e.g., in gymnastics grips), structural reinforcements in cabinet making, and supports for tiered wedding cakes. Other uses include:
Wood dowel.
Manufacturing process.
For modest manufacturing volumes, wood dowels are typically manufactured on industrial dowel machines. Such machines employ interchangeable cutting heads of varying diameters, thus enabling the machines to be quickly retooled to manufacture different diameters of dowel (e.g., , , , etc.). Each head consists of a hollow chuck with cutting knives protruding inward, through which the wood passes as the knives cut it into cylindrical shape. The mechanism is open-ended, with material guides at the machine's entry and exit to enable fabrication of continuous dowel rod of unlimited length. Some dowel machines have powered feed devices that automatically feed material into the machine, while others require hand feeding.
High-volume dowel manufacturing is done on a wood shaper, which simultaneously forms multiple dowels from a single piece of rectangular stock (i.e., wood). These machines employ two wide, rotating cutting heads, one above the stock and one below it. The heads have nearly identical cutting profiles so that each will form an array of adjoined, side-by-side "half dowels". The heads are aligned to each other and one head is shaped to make deeper cuts along the dowel edges so as to part the stock into individual dowel rods, resulting in a group of dowel rods emerging in parallel at the machine's output.
Application.
The wooden dowel rod used in woodworking applications is commonly cut into dowel pins, which are used to reinforce joints and support shelves and other components in cabinet making. Some woodworkers make their own dowel pins, while others purchase dowel pins precut to the required length and diameter.
Dowel-based joinery typically employs "fluted" dowel pins. A fluted dowel pin has a series of parallel grooves cut along its length. The fluting provides channels through which excess glue—which is used to secure the dowel pin in its hole—can escape as the dowel is inserted, thereby relieving the hydraulic pressure that might otherwise split the timber when the mating pieces are clamped together. 
Various systems, such as Dowelmax, have been devised to aid in dowel joinery. In some cases, alternative joinery methods may be used in place of conventional dowel pins, such as Miller dowels, biscuit joiners, and proprietary tools such as the Domino jointer.
History.
Wooden dowels have been used in manufacturing and woodworking for many centuries. One of the earliest documented uses of wooden dowels was in Japanese shrines in AD 690, which were constructed using only wood, wooden dowels and pegs, and interlocking joints. Around AD 1000, Leif Ericson sailed across the North Atlantic in a ship that was largely constructed of overlapping planks held together by wooden dowels and iron nails. The wooden dowels did not rust and thus were more reliable than iron for long expeditions.
Metal dowel.
In stonemasonry.
Steel dowels are commonly used in masonry to pin stone components together. Holes are bored in the stone and the steel dowels inserted to secure the components.
In machinery.
Dowel pins are often used as precise locating devices in machinery. Steel dowel pins are machined to tight tolerances, as are the corresponding holes, which are typically reamed. A dowel pin may have a smaller diameter than its hole so that it freely slips in, or a larger diameter so that it must be pressed into its hole (an interference fit).
When designing mechanical components, mechanical engineers typically use dowel holes as reference points to control positioning variations and attain repeatable assembly quality. If no dowels are used for alignment (e.g., components are mated by bolts only), there can be significant variation, or "play", in component alignment.
Typical drilling and milling operations, as well as manufacturing practices for bolt threads, introduce mechanical play proportional to the size of the fasteners. For example, bolts up to in diameter typically have play on the order of . When dowels are used in addition to bolts, however, the tighter dimensional tolerances of dowels and their mating holes—typically —result in significantly less play, on the order of . Manufacturing costs are inversely proportional to mechanical tolerances and, as a result, engineers must balance the need for mechanical precision against cost as well as other factors such as manufacturability and serviceability.
In automobiles, dowels are used when precise mating alignment is required, such as in differential gear casings, engines, and transmissions.
Bolts in a bolted joint often have an important function as a dowel, resisting shear forces. For this reason, many bolts have a plain unthreaded section to their shank. This gives a closer fit to the hole and also avoids some problems with fretting wear when a screw thread bears against an unthreaded component.
In woodworking.
A cross dowel is a cylindrically shaped metal nut (i.e., a metal dowel) that is used to join two pieces of wood. Like other metal nuts, it has an inside threaded hole, although the hole is unusual in that it passes through the sides of the dowel. One or both ends of the dowel are slotted, with the slots oriented parallel to the threaded hole through which the bolt will pass.
In a cross dowel application, the two pieces of wood are aligned and a bolt hole is drilled through one piece of wood and into the other. A dowel hole is drilled laterally across the bolt hole and the cross dowel is inserted into it. A screwdriver is inserted into the slot at the end of the cross dowel and the dowel is rotated so that its threaded hole aligns with the bolt hole. The bolt is then inserted into the bolt hole and screwed into the cross dowel until the wood pieces are held tightly together.

</doc>
<doc id="2850674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850674" title="Manitoba Liberal Party candidates, 1999 Manitoba provincial election">
Manitoba Liberal Party candidates, 1999 Manitoba provincial election

One member of the Manitoba Liberal Party was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba in the 1999 provincial election. Some of the party's candidates have their own biography pages; information about others may be found here.
Bob Brigden (Arthur-Virden).
Brigden is a farmer near Melita, Manitoba. He was elected as a councillor in the Rural Municipality of Brenda in 1998, and was the first declared candidate for the 1999 Progressive Conservative nomination in Arthur-Virden. He later withdrew from that contest, and sought and won the Liberal Party nomination instead. Newspaper accounts do not indicate why he changed parties in the buildup to the campaign. Brigden did not stand for re-election to council in 2002.
J. Deborah Shiloff (Assiniboia).
Shiloff is a neuroscientist, a Scientific Support Officer at the National Research Council of Canada's Winnipeg Institute for Biodiagnostics, and a member of the Neuroethics New Emerging Team (NET). She received 1,136 votes (11.56%) in the 1999 election, finishing third against New Democratic Party candidate Jim Rondeau.
Peter Logan (Brandon East).
Logan has campaigned for Brandon City Council on two occasions. He sold computerized cash register systems in 1999, and could not campaign full-time until the last two weeks of the election. He later became president of the federal Liberal Party riding association in Brandon—Souris, and was one of Paul Martin's nominators for the party leadership in 2003. Logan supported Michael Ignatieff's leadership bid in 2006.
Lisa Roy (Brandon West).
Roy is a teacher, and an active curler. She led the 1998 Manitoba women's junior champions, and was a member of the runner-up team in the 2005 women's provincial curling championship. She has remained active in the sport after suffering a serious eye injury in a 2005 accident.
Roy was a university student during the 1999 campaign. She received 407 votes (4.09%), finishing third against New Democratic Party candidate Scott Smith.
Chris Hlady (Concordia).
Hlady has a Bachelor of Fine Arts from the University of Manitoba. He has been a comic book illustrator, and has done video work. He received 444 votes (5.47%) in 1999, finishing third against New Democratic Party leader Gary Doer.
Malli Aulakh (Fort Whyte).
Aulakh was one of five candidates for the federal Liberal Party nomination for Winnipeg South in 1993. He was eliminated after the first ballot and gave his support to rival candidate Reg Alcock, the eventual winner ("WFP", 25 March 1993). He later attempted to challenge Kevin Lamoureux for the Winnipeg Centre Liberal nomination in 2000, but was unable to do so when the party ruled he had missed a filing deadline ("WFP", 30 September 2000).
He received 1,202 votes (11.45%) in the 1999 election, finishing third against Progressive Conservative John Loewen. In 2003, Aulakh was named to the board of directors of the Winnipeg Public Library ("WFP", 24 March 2003).
Vic Wieler (Kirkfield Park).
Wieler campaigned ran for the Manitoba legislature in the 1995 provincial election, and finished second against Progressive Conservative incumbent Eric Stefanson. He campaigned against Stefanson again in the 1999 election, and finished third.
In 2000, he was nominated as that Liberal candidate for a by-election in Kirkfield Park against new Progressive Conservative Party Stuart Murray. He finished second with 2,158 votes (26.64%).
Previously a high-school principal, Wieler had become a financial planner by the time of the 2000 by-election. He was also president of the Rotary-Club of Winnipeg Assiniboine at the time of the by-election ("Winnipeg Free Press", 11 May 2000). In 2003, he became a director of the Mennonite Central Committee's Furniture Thrift Store ("Winnipeg Free Press", 12 November 2003).
Ajay Chopra (Point Douglas).
Chopra was awarded the National Indo-Canadian Council Distinguished Youth Entrepreneurship Award in 1998. He was 22 years old at the time of the 1999 election, and finished a credible second against New Democratic Party incumbent George Hickes with 1,336 votes (21.35%).
Chopra was a special assistant to the federal Minister of Justice and Attorney General in 2002, and worked on Phil Fontaine's campaign to lead the Assembly of First Nations (AFN) in 2003. Although he is not himself aboriginal, Chopra currently serves as the AFN's intergovernmental affairs advisor.
Cecilia Connelly (Rossmere).
Connelly has been a frequent candidate for the Liberal Party in the Rossmere constituency. Her poor showing in 1999 may be explained by the fact that the New Democratic and Progressive Conservative parties were engaged in a tightly-fought contest, with both parties siphoning Liberal support.
Vibart C. Stewart (Transcona).
Stewart and his wife helped supply replacement workers to the Tache Nursing Centre in 1996, at a time with the centre's employees were on strike. Vibart's wife, ironically, was herself one of the strikers. He received 713 votes (8.10%) in 1999, finishing third against New Democratic Party incumbent Daryl Reid.
Rochelle Zimberg (Tuxedo).
Rochelle Zimberg has an masters degree in international relations theoryt. She was executive director of the Manitoba Association of Urban Municipalities during the 1990s, and argued in 1993 that the provincial Municipal Act was out of date and in need of revision. She later sought a balanced approach on the use of Video Lottery Terminal revenues by municipal governments. In 1997, she was appointed to an advisory committee overseeing the distribution of the Canadian Red Cross, Manitoba Flood Appeal Fund. She was inducted into the Federation of Canadian Municipalities Roll of Honour in 1999. Zimberg placed third against Manitoba Premier Gary Filmon in 1999'. after the original Liberal candidate stood from the contest. ms Zimberg ran again in 2000 and came in second to the conservative candidate.
Footnotes.
PLEASE DO NOT TYPE FOOTNOTES HERE OR BELOW. Instead insert the entire footnote in its proper spot in the body of the article using the tags. See for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags.-->

</doc>
<doc id="2850681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850681" title="Aaron Swartz">
Aaron Swartz

Aaron Hillel Swartz (November 8, 1986 – January 11, 2013) was an American computer programmer, writer, political organizer and Internet Hacktivist.
Swartz was involved in the development of the web feed format RSS, the organization Creative Commons, the website framework web.py and the social news site, Reddit, in which he became a partner after its merger with his company, Infogami.
Swartz's later work focused on sociology, civic awareness and activism. He helped launch the Progressive Change Campaign Committee in 2009 to learn more about effective online activism. In 2010 he became a research fellow at Harvard University's Safra Research Lab on Institutional Corruption, directed by Lawrence Lessig. He founded the online group Demand Progress, known for its campaign against the Stop Online Piracy Act.
On January 6, 2011, Swartz was arrested by MIT police on state breaking-and-entering charges, after systematically downloading academic journal articles from JSTOR. Federal prosecutors later charged him with two counts of wire fraud and 11 violations of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, carrying a cumulative maximum penalty of $1 million in fines, 35 years in prison, asset forfeiture, restitution and supervised release.
Swartz declined a plea bargain under which he would serve six months in federal prison. Two days after the prosecution rejected a counter-offer by Swartz, he was found dead in his Brooklyn, New York apartment, where he had hanged http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/hang#Usage_notes Pictures are hung. Both women and men are hanged (at least in this context.)-->himself.
In June 2013, Swartz was posthumously inducted into the Internet Hall of Fame.
Life and works.
Swartz was born in Chicago, Illinois, the eldest son of Jewish parents Susan and Robert Swartz. His father had founded the software firm Mark Williams Company. Swartz immersed himself in the study of computers, programming, the Internet, and Internet culture. He attended North Shore Country Day School, a small private school near Chicago, until 9th grade. Swartz left high school in the 10th grade, and enrolled in courses at a Chicago area college.
At age 13, Swartz won an ArsDigita Prize, given to young people who create "useful, educational, and collaborative" noncommercial websites. At age 14, he became a member of the working group that authored the RSS 1.0 web syndication specification.
W3C.
In 2001, Swartz joined the RDFCore working group at the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C), where he authored RFC 3870, Application/RDF+XML Media Type Registration. The document described a new media type, "RDF/XML", designed to support the Semantic Web.
Markdown.
Swartz was co-creator, with John Gruber, of Markdown, a simplified markup standard derived from HTML, and author of its html2text translator. Markdown remains in widespread use.
Infogami, Reddit, Jottit.
Swartz attended Stanford University. After the summer of his freshman year, he attended Y Combinator's first Summer Founders Program where he started the software company Infogami. Infogami's wiki platform was used to support the Internet Archive's Open Library project and the web.py web framework that Swartz had created, but he felt he needed co-founders to proceed further. Y-Combinator organizers suggested that Infogami merge with Reddit, which it did in November 2005. Reddit at first found it difficult to make money from the project, but the site later gained in popularity, with millions of users visiting it each month.
In October 2006, Reddit was acquired by Condé Nast Publications, the owner of "Wired" magazine. Swartz moved with his company to San Francisco to work on "Wired". Swartz found office life uncongenial, and he ultimately left the company.
In September 2007, Swartz joined with Simon Carstensen to launch Jottit.
Activism.
In 2008, Swartz founded Watchdog.net, "the good government site with teeth," to aggregate and visualize data about politicians. In the same year, he wrote a widely circulated "Guerilla Open Access Manifesto".
In 2009, wanting to learn about effective activism, Swartz helped launch the Progressive Change Campaign Committee. He wrote on his blog, "I spend my days experimenting with new ways to get progressive policies enacted and progressive politicians elected." Swartz led the first activism event of his career with the Progressive Change Campaign Committee, delivering thousands of "Honor Kennedy" petition signatures to Massachusetts legislators asking them to fulfill former Senator Ted Kennedy's last wish by appointing a senator to vote for health care reform.
In 2010, Swartz co-founded Demand Progress, a political advocacy group that organizes people online to "take action by contacting Congress and other leaders, funding pressure tactics, and spreading the word" about civil liberties, government reform, and other issues.
During academic year 2010–11, Swartz conducted research studies on political corruption as a Lab Fellow in Harvard University's Edmond J. Safra Research Lab on Institutional Corruption.
Author Cory Doctorow, in his novel, "Homeland", "dron advice from Swartz in setting out how his protagonist could use the information now available about voters to create a grass-roots anti-establishment political campaign." In an afterword to the novel, Swartz wrote, "these [political hacktivist tools can be used by anyone motivated and talented enough... Now it's up to you to change the system... Let me know if I can help."
Stop Online Piracy Act.
Swartz was instrumental in the campaign to prevent passage of the Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA), which sought to combat Internet copyright violations but was criticized on the basis that it would have made it easier for the U.S. government to shut down web sites accused of violating copyright and would have placed intolerable burdens on Internet providers. Following the defeat of the bill, Swartz was the keynote speaker at the F2C:Freedom to Connect 2012 event in Washington, D.C., on May 21, 2012. His speech was titled "How We Stopped SOPA" and he informed the audience:
He added, "We won this fight because everyone made themselves the hero of their own story. Everyone took it as their job to save this crucial freedom." He was referring to a series of protests against the bill by numerous websites that was described by the Electronic Frontier Foundation as the biggest in Internet history, with over 115,000 sites altering their webpages. Swartz also presented on this topic at an event organized by ThoughtWorks.
Wikipedia.
Swartz volunteered as an editor at Wikipedia, and in 2006, he ran unsuccessfully for the Wikimedia Foundation's Board of Trustees. Also in 2006, Swartz wrote an analysis of how Wikipedia articles are written, and concluded that the bulk of the actual content comes from tens of thousands of occasional contributors, or "outsiders", each of whom may not make many other contributions to the site, while a core group of 500 to 1,000 regular editors tend to correct spelling and other formatting errors. According to Swartz: "the formatters aid the contributors, not the other way around."
His conclusions, based on the analysis of edit histories of several randomly selected articles, contradicted the opinion of Wikipedia co-founder Jimmy Wales, who believed the core group of regular editors were providing most of the content while thousands of others contributed to formatting issues. Swartz came to his conclusions by counting the total number of characters added by an editor to a particular article—while Wales counted the total number of edits.
Tor2web.
In 2008, Swartz together with Virgil Griffith designed and implemented Tor2web, an HTTP proxy for Tor hidden services. The proxy was designed to allow easy access to Tor by means of a common browser.
Library of Congress.
Around 2006, Swartz acquired the Library of Congress's complete bibliographic dataset: the library charged fees to access this, but as a government document, it was not copyright-protected within the USA. By posting the data on OpenLibrary, Swartz made it freely available. The Library of Congress project was met with approval by the Copyright Office.
PACER.
In 2008, Swartz downloaded and released about 2.7 million federal court documents stored in the PACER (Public Access to Court Electronic Records) database managed by the Administrative Office of the United States Courts.
The "Huffington Post" characterized his actions this way: "Swartz downloaded public court documents from the PACER system in an effort to make them available outside of the expensive service. The move drew the attention of the FBI, which ultimately decided not to press charges as the documents, were, in fact, public."
PACER was charging 8 cents per page for information that Carl Malamud, who founded the nonprofit group Public.Resource.Org, contended should be free, because federal documents are not covered by copyright. The fees were "plowed back to the courts to finance technology, but the system a budget surplus of some $150 million, according to court reports," reported "The New York Times". PACER used technology that was "designed in the bygone days of screechy telephone modems ... put[ting the nation's legal system behind a wall of cash and kludge." Malamud appealed to fellow activists, urging them to visit one of 17 libraries conducting a free trial of the PACER system, download court documents, and send them to him for public distribution.
After reading Malamud's call for action, Swartz used a Perl computer script running on Amazon cloud servers to download the documents, using credentials belonging to a Sacramento library. From September 4 to 20, 2008, it accessed documents and uploaded them to a cloud computing service. He released the documents to Malamud's organization.
On September 29, 2008, the GPO suspended the free trial, "pending an evaluation" of the program. Swartz's actions were subsequently investigated by the FBI. The case was closed after two months with no charges filed. Swartz learned the details of the investigation as a result of filing a FOIA request with the FBI and described their response as the "usual mess of confusions that shows the FBI's lack of sense of humor." PACER still charges per page, but customers using Firefox have the option of saving the documents for free public access with a plug-in called RECAP.
At a 2013 memorial for Swartz, Malamud recalled their work with PACER. They brought millions of U.S. District Court records out from behind PACER's "pay wall", he said, and found them full of privacy violations, including medical records and the names of minor children and confidential informants.We sent our results to the Chief Judges of 31 District Courts... They redacted those documents and they yelled at the lawyers that filed them... The Judicial Conference changed their privacy rules.
... the bureaucrats who ran the Administrative Office of the United States Courts ... we were thieves that took $1.6 million of their property.
So they called the FBI... FBI found nothing wrong...
Writing in "Ars Technica", Timothy Lee, who later made use of the documents obtained by Swartz as a co-creator of RECAP, offered some insight into discrepancies in reporting on just how much data Swartz had downloaded: "In a back-of-the-envelope calculation a few days before the offsite crawl was shut down, Swartz guessed he got around 25 percent of the documents in PACER. The "New York Times" similarly reported Swartz had downloaded "an estimated 20 percent of the entire database". Based on the facts that Swartz downloaded 2.7 million documents while PACER, at the time, contained 500 million, Lee concluded that Swartz downloaded less than one percent of the database.
Wikileaks.
On December 27, 2010, Swartz filed a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request to learn about the treatment of Chelsea Manning, alleged source for Wikileaks.
DeadDrop.
In 2011–2012, Swartz and Kevin Poulsen designed and implemented "DeadDrop", a system that allows anonymous informants to send electronic documents without fear of disclosure. In May 2013, the first instance of the software was launched by "The New Yorker" under the name "Strongbox". The Freedom of the Press Foundation has since taken over development of the software, which has been renamed "SecureDrop".
JSTOR.
According to state and federal authorities, Swartz used JSTOR, a digital repository, to download a large number of academic journal articles through MIT's computer network over the course of a few weeks in late 2010 and early 2011. At the time, Swartz was a research fellow at Harvard University, which provided him with a JSTOR account. Visitors to MIT's "open campus" were authorized to access JSTOR through its network.
The authorities said Swartz downloaded the documents through a laptop connected to a networking switch in a controlled-access wiring closet at MIT. The door to the closet was kept unlocked, according to press reports.
Arrest and prosecution.
On the night of January 6, 2011, Swartz was arrested near the Harvard campus by MIT police and a U.S. Secret Service agent. He was arraigned in Cambridge District Court on two state charges of breaking and entering with intent to commit a felony.
On July 11, 2011, Swartz was indicted by a federal grand jury on charges of wire fraud, computer fraud, unlawfully obtaining information from a protected computer and recklessly damaging a protected computer.
On November 17, 2011, Swartz was indicted by a Middlesex County Superior Court grand jury on state charges of breaking and entering with intent, grand larceny and unauthorized access to a computer network. On December 16, 2011, state prosecutors filed a notice that they were dropping the two original charges; the charges listed in the November 17, 2011 indictment were dropped on March 8, 2012. According to a spokesperson for the Middlesex County prosecutor, the state charges were dropped in order to permit the federal prosecution to proceed unimpeded.
On September 12, 2012, federal prosecutors filed a superseding indictment adding nine more felony counts, which increased Swartz's maximum criminal exposure to 50 years of imprisonment and $1 million in fines. During plea negotiations with Swartz's attorneys, the prosecutors offered to recommend a sentence of six months in a low-security prison, if Swartz would plead guilty to 13 federal crimes. Swartz and his lead attorney rejected that deal, opting instead for a trial in which prosecutors would have been forced to justify their pursuit of Swartz.
The federal prosecution involved what was characterized by numerous critics such as former White House Counsel John Dean as an "overcharging" 13-count indictment and "overzealous" prosecution for alleged computer crimes, brought by the U.S. Attorney for Massachusetts Carmen Ortiz. Facing almost certain incarceration for alleged offenses about which the victims, M.I.T. and JSTOR, declined to pursue civil litigation, Swartz committed suicide on January 11, 2013.
After his death, federal prosecutors dropped the charges. On December 4, 2013, due to a Freedom of Information Act suit by the investigations editor of "Wired" magazine, several documents related to the case were released by the Secret Service, including a video of Swartz entering the MIT network closet.
Death, funeral and memorial gatherings.
On the evening of January 11, 2013, Swartz was found dead in his Brooklyn apartment by his girlfriend, Taren Stinebrickner-Kauffman. A spokeswoman for New York's Medical Examiner reported that he had hanged himself. No suicide note was found.
Swartz's family and his partner created a memorial website on which they issued a statement, saying, "He used his prodigious skills as a programmer and technologist not to enrich himself but to make the Internet and the world a fairer, better place."
Days before Swartz's funeral, Lawrence Lessig eulogized his friend and sometime client in an essay, "Prosecutor as Bully". He decried the disproportionality of Swartz's prosecution and said, "The question this government needs to answer is why it was so necessary that Aaron Swartz be labeled a 'felon'. For in the 18 months of negotiations, that was what he was not willing to accept."
Cory Doctorow wrote, "Aaron had an unbeatable combination of political insight, technical skill, and intelligence about people and issues. I think he could have revolutionized American (and worldwide) politics. His legacy may still yet do so."
Swartz's funeral services were held on January 15, 2013, at Central Avenue Synagogue in Highland Park, Illinois. Tim Berners-Lee, co-creator of the World Wide Web, delivered a eulogy.
The same day, the "Wall Street Journal" published a story based in part on an interview with Stinebrickner-Kauffman. She told the "Journal" that Swartz lacked the money to pay for a trial and "it was too hard for him to ... make that part of his life go public" by asking for help. He was also distressed, she said, because two of his friends had just been subpoenaed and because he no longer believed that MIT would try to stop the prosecution.
On January 19, hundreds attended a memorial at Cooper Union. Speakers included Stinebrickner-Kauffman, Open Source advocate Doc Searls, Creative Commons' Glenn Otis Brown, journalist Quinn Norton, Roy Singham of ThoughtWorks, and David Segal of Demand Progress.
On January 24, there was a memorial at the Internet Archive with speakers including Stinebrickner-Kauffman, Alex Stamos, and Carl Malamud.
On February 4, a memorial was held in the Cannon House Office Building on Capitol Hill. Speakers included Senator Ron Wyden and Representatives Darrell Issa, Alan Grayson and Jared Polis. Other lawmakers in attendance included Senator Elizabeth Warren and Representatives Zoe Lofgren and Jan Schakowsky. "Stick it to the man," said Issa. "Access to information is a human right." A historic photo of Warren and Issa sitting together before an image of Swartz was posted on Twitter.
A memorial also took place on March 12, 2013 at the MIT Media Lab.
Aftermath.
Family response and criticism.
On January 12, Swartz's family and partner issued a statement, criticizing the prosecutors and MIT.
Speaking at his son's funeral, Robert Swartz said, " was killed by the government, and MIT betrayed all of its basic principles."
Mitch Kapor posted the statement on Twitter. Tom Dolan, husband of U.S. Attorney for Massachusetts Carmen Ortiz, whose office prosecuted Swartz's case, replied with criticism of the Swartz family: "Truly incredible that in their own son's obit they blame others for his death and make no mention of the 6-month offer." This comment triggered widespread criticism; "Esquire" writer Charlie Pierce replied, "the glibness with which her husband and her defenders toss off a ‘mere' six months in federal prison, low-security or not, is a further indication that something is seriously out of whack with the way our prosecutors think these days."
In the press and the arts.
"The Huffington Post" reported that "Ortiz has faced significant backlash for pursuing the case against Swartz, including a petition to the White House to have her fired." Other news outlets reported similarly.
"Reuters" news agency called Swartz "an online icon" who "help to make a virtual mountain of information freely available to the public, including an estimated 19 million pages of federal court documents." The "Associated Press" (AP) reported that Swartz's case "highlights society's uncertain, evolving view of how to treat people who break into computer systems and share data not to enrich themselves, but to make it available to others," and that JSTOR's lawyer, former U.S. Attorney for Manhattan Mary Jo White, had asked the lead prosecutor to drop the charges.
As discussed by editor Hrag Vartanian in "Hyperactive", Brooklyn, NY muralist BAMN ("By Any Means Necessary") created a mural of Swartz. "Swartz was an amazing human being who fought tirelessly for our right to a free and open Internet," the artist explained. "He was much more than just the ‘Reddit guy'."
"Gawker" noted the extensive coverage of Swartz's prosecution and suicide, writing "the suicide of a 26-year-old computer genius is the kind of story magazines were made to cover: complex but instantly engaging, offering a window into an unusual world."
In 2013, Kenneth Goldsmith dedicated his "Printing out the Internet" exhibition to Swartz.
The Internet’s Own Boy: The Story of Aaron Swartz.
On January 11, 2014, marking the first anniversary of his death, a sneak preview was released from "The Internet's Own Boy: The Story of Aaron Swartz", a documentary about Swartz, the NSA and SOPA. The film was officially released at the January 2014 Sundance Film Festival. Democracy Now! covered the release of the documentary, as well as Swartz's life and legal case, in a sprawling interview with director Brian Knappenberger, Swartz's father and brother, and his attorney. The documentary was to be released under a Creative Commons License; it debuted in theaters and on-demand in June 2014.
Mashable called the documentary "a powerful homage to Aaron Swartz". Its debut at "Sundance" received a standing ovation. "Mashable" printed, "With the help of experts, The Internet's Own Boy makes a clear argument: Swartz unjustly became a victim of the rights and freedoms for which he stood." "The Hollywood Reporter" described it as a "heartbreaking" story of a "tech wunderkind persecuted by the US government", and a must-see "for anyone who knows enough to care about the way laws govern information transfer in the digital age".
Open Access.
In 2002, Swartz had stated that when he died he wanted all the contents of his hard drives made publicly available. A long-time supporter of Open Access, Swartz wrote in his "Guerilla Open Access Manifesto":The world's entire scientific ... heritage ... is increasingly being digitized and locked up by a handful of private corporations...The Open Access Movement has fought valiantly to ensure that scientists do not sign their copyrights away but instead ensure their work is published on the Internet, under terms that allow anyone to access it.Supporters of Swartz responded to news of his death with an effort called #PDFTribute to promote Open Access. On January 12, Eva Vivalt, a development economist at the World Bank, began posting her academic articles online using the hashtag "#pdftribute" as a tribute to Swartz. Scholars posted links to their works.
Swartz's death prompted calls for more open access to scholarly data.
The Think Computer Foundation and the Center for Information Technology Policy (CITP) at Princeton University announced scholarships awarded in memory of Aaron Swartz.
In 2013, Aaron Swartz was posthumously awarded the American Library Association's James Madison Award for being an "outspoken advocate for public participation in government and unrestricted access to peer-reviewed scholarly articles."
In March, the editor and editorial board of the "Journal of Library Administration" resigned "en masse", citing a dispute with the journal's publisher. One board member wrote of a "crisis of conscience about publishing in a journal that was not open access" after the death of Aaron Swartz.
Hacks.
On January 13, 2013, members of Anonymous hacked two websites on the MIT domain, replacing them with tributes to Swartz that called on members of the Internet community to use his death as a rallying point for the open access movement. The banner included a list of demands for improvements in the U.S. copyright system, along with Swartz's "Guerilla Open Access Manifesto."
On the night of January 18, 2013, MIT's e-mail system was taken out of action for ten hours. On January 22, e-mail sent to MIT was redirected by hackers Aush0k and TibitXimer to the Korea Advanced Institute of Science & Technology. All other traffic to MIT was redirected to a computer at Harvard University that was publishing a statement headed "R.I.P Aaron Swartz," with text from a 2009 posting by Swartz, accompanied by a chiptunes version of "The Star-Spangled Banner". MIT regained full control after about seven hours.
In the early hours of January 26, 2013, the U.S. Sentencing Commission website, USSC.gov, was hacked by Anonymous. The home page was replaced with an embedded YouTube video, "Anonymous Operation Last Resort". The video statement said Swartz "faced an impossible choice".
A hacker downloaded "hundreds of thousands" of scientific-journal articles from a Swiss publisher's website and republished them on the open Web in Swartz's honor a week before the first anniversary of his death.
MIT and the Abelson investigation.
MIT maintains an open-campus policy along with an "open network." Two days after Swartz's death, MIT President L. Rafael Reif commissioned professor Hal Abelson to lead an analysis of MIT's options and decisions relating to Swartz's "legal struggles." To help guide the fact-finding stage of the review, MIT created a website where community members could suggest questions and issues for the review to address.
Swartz's attorneys have requested that all pretrial discovery documents be made public, a move which MIT opposed. Swartz allies have criticized MIT for its opposition to releasing the evidence without redactions.
On July 26, 2013, the Abelson panel submitted a 182-page report to MIT president, L. Rafael Reif, who authorized its public release on July 30. The panel reported that MIT had not supported charges against Swartz and cleared the institution of wrongdoing. However, its report also noted that despite MIT's advocacy for open access culture at the institutional level and beyond, the university never extended that support to Swartz. The report revealed, for example, that while MIT considered the possibility of issuing a public statement about its position on the case, it never materialized.
Petition to the White House.
After Swartz's death, more than 50,000 people signed an online petition to the White House calling for the removal of Ortiz, "for overreach in the case of Aaron Swartz." A similar petition was submitted calling for prosecutor Stephen Heymann's firing.
Congress.
Several members of the U.S. House of Representatives — Republican Darrell Issa and Democrats Jared Polis and Zoe Lofgren — all on the House Judiciary Committee, have raised questions regarding the government's handling of the case. Calling the charges against him "ridiculous and trumped up," Polis said Swartz was a "martyr," whose death illustrated the need for Congress to limit the discretion of federal prosecutors. Speaking at a memorial for Swartz on Capitol Hill, Issa saidUltimately, knowledge belongs to all the people of the world... Aaron understood that... Our copyright laws were created for the purpose of promoting useful works, not hiding them.
Massachusetts Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren issued a statement saying "[Aaron's] advocacy for Internet freedom, social justice, and Wall Street reform demonstrated ... the power of his ideas..." In a letter to Attorney General Eric Holder, Texas Republican Senator John Cornyn asked, "On what basis did the U.S. Attorney for the District of Massachusetts conclude that her office's conduct was ‘appropriate'?" and "Was the prosecution of Mr. Swartz in any way retaliation for his exercise of his rights as a citizen under the Freedom of Information Act?"
Congressional investigations.
Issa, who chairs the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, announced that he would investigate the Justice Department's actions in prosecuting Swartz. In a statement to the "Huffington Post", he praised Swartz's work toward "open government and free access to the people." Issa's investigation has garnered some bipartisan support.
On January 28, 2013, Issa and ranking committee member Elijah Cummings published a letter to U.S. Attorney General Holder, questioning why federal prosecutors had filed the superseding indictment.
On February 20, WBUR reported that Ortiz was expected to testify at an upcoming Oversight Committee hearing about her office's handling of the Swartz case.
On February 22, Associate Deputy Attorney General Steven Reich conducted a briefing for congressional staffers involved in the investigation. They were told that Swartz's "Guerilla Open Access Manifesto" played a role in prosecutorial decision-making. Some are reported to have been left with the impression that prosecutors believed Swartz had to be convicted of a felony carrying at least a short prison sentence in order to justify having filed the case against him in the first place.
Excoriating the Department of Justice as the "Department of Vengeance", Stinebrickner-Kauffman told the "Guardian" that the DOJ had erred in relying on Swartz's "Guerilla Open Access Manifesto" as an accurate indication of his beliefs by 2010. "He was no longer a single issue activist," she said. "He was into lots of things, from healthcare, to climate change to money in politics."
On March 6, Holder testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee that the case was "a good use of prosecutorial discretion." Stinebrickner-Kauffman issued a statement in reply, repeating and amplifying her claims of prosecutorial misconduct. Public documents, she wrote, reveal that prosecutor Steven Heymann "instructed the Secret Service to seize and hold evidence without a warrant... lied to the judge about that fact in written briefs... withheld exculpatory evidence... for over a year," violating his legal and ethical obligations to turn it over.
On March 22, Sen. Al Franken wrote Holder a letter expressing concerns. Franken said, "charging a young man like Mr. Swartz with federal offenses punishable by over 35 years of federal imprisonment seems remarkably aggressive — particularly when it appears that one of the principal aggrieved parties ... did not support a criminal prosecution."
Amendment to Computer Fraud and Abuse Act.
Rep. Zoe Lofgren (D-Calif.) introduced a bill, "Aaron's Law" (, ) to exclude terms of service violations from the 1986 Computer Fraud and Abuse Act and from the wire fraud statute.
Lawrence Lessig wrote of the bill, "this is a critically important change... The CFAA was the hook for the government's bullying... This law would remove that hook. In a single line: no longer would it be a felony to breach a contract." Professor Orin Kerr, a specialist in the nexus between computer law and criminal law, wrote that he had been arguing for precisely this sort of reform of the Act for years. The ACLU, too, has called for reform of the CFAA to "remove the dangerously broad criminalization of online activity." The EFF has mounted a campaign for these reforms.
Lessig's inaugural Chair lecture as Furman Professor of Law and Leadership was entitled "Aaron's Laws: Law and Justice in a Digital Age"; he dedicated the lecture to Swartz.
Fair Access to Science and Technology Research Act.
The Fair Access to Science and Technology Research Act (FASTR) is a bill that would mandate earlier public release of taxpayer-funded research. FASTR has been described as "The Other Aaron's Law."
Sen. Ron Wyden (D-Ore.) and Sen. John Cornyn (R-Tex.) introduced the Senate version, while the bill was introduced to the House by Reps. Zoe Lofgren (D-Calif.), Mike Doyle (D-Pa.) and Kevin Yoder (R-Kans.). Sen. Wyden wrote of the bill, "the FASTR act provides that access because taxpayer funded research should never be hidden behind a paywall." 
Commemorations.
On August 3, 2013, Swartz was posthumously inducted into the Internet Hall of Fame.
There was a hackathon held in Swartz' memory around the date of his birthday in 2013.
Over the weekend of November 8–10, 2013, inspired by Swartz's work and life, a second annual hackathon was held in at least 16 cities around the world. Preliminary topics worked on at the 2013 Aaron Swartz Hackathon were privacy and software tools, transparency, activism, access, legal fixes, a low-cost book scanner.
In January 2014, Larry Lessig led a walk across New Hampshire in honor of Swartz, rallying for campaign finance reform.

</doc>
<doc id="2850691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850691" title="Osler, Hoskin &amp; Harcourt">
Osler, Hoskin &amp; Harcourt

Osler, Hoskin & Harcourt LLP is one of Canada's largest business law firms practising nationally and internationally from its offices in Canada and New York. It is one of Bay Street's "Seven Sisters". Clients include industry and business firms in all segments of the market and at various stages in the growth of their businesses. 
History.
The firm was founded in 1862 when Britton Bath Osler began practicing law in Dundas, Ontario. He would later move to Toronto to join D'Alton McCarthy's Toronto partnership, subsequently known as McCarthy, Osler, Hoskin and Creelman. It was McCarthy's firm, Boulton & McCarthy in Barrie, which eventually became what is now Canada's largest law firm, McCarthy Tétrault, which gives both firms a common heritage. McCarthy, Osler, Hoskin and Creelman quickly became one of the leading lights of Toronto’s legal world, with Osler himself acting in some of the highest profile criminal trials of the day, including the Treason Trial of Louis Riel in 1885, in which he helped lead the prosecution. 
Britton Bath Osler died in 1900, and the firm would eventually in 1916 adopt the name Osler, Hoskin & Harcourt which is the name it continues to be known by to this day.
Areas of practice.
The firm has a diverse range of practice areas: 
Ranking.
With over 470 lawyers, Osler, Hoskin & Harcourt LLP is one of the country’s ten largest law firms, and is one of only two Canadian firms ranked top tier in five of six categories in the 2011 edition of IFLR 1000: The Guide to the Leading Financial Law Firms. Clients are quoted as saying that Osler is an “outstanding firm and the lawyers give exceptional service,” in Chambers Global: The World’s Leading Lawyers for Business 2011.
In 2011, the firm ranked first in the Thomson Reuters league tables for Canadian mergers and acquisitions, advising on more dollars' worth of announced deals than any of its domestic competitors in the first nine months of 2011. In all, Osler’s lawyers were retained for 49 Canadian deals worth a total of $24 billion (U.S.), or 21 per cent of the new market.

</doc>
<doc id="2850693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850693" title="New World flying squirrel">
New World flying squirrel

The two species of New World flying squirrels, genus Glaucomys, are the only species of flying squirrel found in North America. They are distributed from Alaska to Honduras. They are similar in many ways to the Eurasian flying squirrels in the genus "Pteromys". The two species of New World flying squirrels can be easily distinguished on the basis of size and ventral pelage. Northern flying squirrels, "Glaucomys sabrinus" are larger and have belly hair that is dark at the base and white at the tip. Southern flying squirrels, "Glaucomys volans", are smaller and have belly hairs that are completely white. The name "Glaucomys" means "bluish-gray mouse".
Gliding.
Flying Squirrels do not actually fly, but rather glide using a membrane called a patagium created by a fold of skin which starts at the wrists of the forearms, extends along the sides of the body, and finishes at the ankles of the hind legs. From atop of trees, flying squirrels can initiate glides from a running start or from a stationary position by bringing their limbs under the body, retracting their heads, and then propelling themselves off the tree. It is believed that they use triangulation to estimate the distance of the landing area as they often lean out and pivot from side to side before jumping. Once in the air, they from an "X" with their limbs by spreading their long arms forward and out and their long legs backward and out, causing their membrane to stretch into a square-like shape and glide down at angles of 30 to 40 degrees. They manoeuvre with great efficiency in the air, making 90 degree turns around obstacles if needed. Just before reaching a tree, they raise their flattened tails to abruptly change their trajectory upwards and point all of their limbs forward in order to create a parachute effect with the membrane. Upon landing, the limbs break the remainder of the impact and the squirrels usually run to the other side of the trunk in order to avoid any potential predators. They are very clumsy walkers and if they are on the ground in the presence of danger, they will prefer to hide rather than attempt an escape. 

</doc>
<doc id="2850694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850694" title="ProRodeo Hall of Fame">
ProRodeo Hall of Fame

The ProRodeo Hall of Fame is dedicated to the preservation of rodeo artifacts and continued interest in the sport. It is located in Colorado Springs, Colorado, and run by the Professional Rodeo Cowboys Association's board. It claims to be the "only museum in the world devoted exclusively to the sport of rodeo."
The museum opened in August 1979. It was closed indefinitely in January 2005 due to financial issues. It reopened again on April 9, 2005. The hall gets 40,000-50,000 visitors each year.

</doc>
<doc id="2850704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850704" title="Osler">
Osler

Osler may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2850705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850705" title="Chilean destroyer Almirante Condell (1912)">
Chilean destroyer Almirante Condell (1912)

The Almirante Condell was a destroyer which served with the Chilean Navy through World War I and World War II. She was the second ship in the Chilean Navy to bear this name.
The Chilean Navy ordered six ships from J. Samuel White in 1911. These destroyers were larger and more powerful than contemporary British destroyers. The "Condell" was built by the United Kingdom as part of a six-ship "Almirante Lynch" class of destroyers, of which only two ships were delivered before the outbreak of war. Those two ships served in the Chilean Navy until 1945.
This ship was named after Admiral Carlos Condell, Chilean sailor, hero of the War of the Pacific.

</doc>
<doc id="2850717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850717" title="Major League Cricket">
Major League Cricket

Major League Cricket, or MLC, is a New York based company dedicated to running a professional cricket competition within the United States, as well as developing and promoting the sport to raise its profile in North America. MLC has not been recognised by the United States of America Cricket Association (USACA), and thus has no official status within the recognised international structure of cricket.
MLC formed in New Jersey in 2000, with the explicit goals of developing grassroots support for young cricketers in the U.S. and leading up to professional competitiveness at the international level. During its early years, MLC was stifled from achieving much within the organisation of cricket by USACA. However, with the increasing disruption to U.S. cricket administration caused by political turmoil within USACA, the overall structure of U.S. cricket began to break down, allowing MLC to step into the fray and begin organising its own events.
With the collapse of the ambitious Pro Cricket league following its maiden, and only, season in 2004, MLC became a major player in the complex political situation in which American cricket found itself. In February 2006, MLC approached the International Cricket Council with a formal request to recognise it as the official governing body of cricket in the USA, in preference to USACA. The request was eventually turned down by the ICC.
Under-15 Tournament.
On June 7, 2005, MLC announced an under-15 tournament in Chicago, to be played that August, as part of its program of youth cricket development. Italian sporting goods manufacturer L-SPORTO sponsored the competition. However, in July the tournament was first moved to New Jersey, and then cancelled, with MLC citing "logistical problems" as the reason.
Sir Clive Lloyd Cup.
MLC announced a new National Interstate Cricket Cup tournament, to be held in November 2005 in Broward County, Florida, under the patronage of former West Indies captain and International Cricket Council match referee Sir Clive Lloyd. Due to Hurricane Wilma, it was postponed to the end of November, eventually being played between 30 November and 4 December.
Teams representing the states of Florida, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Texas, Virginia and Washington played in the inaugural tournament. The tournament will include two divisions, one for senior players, and one for players under the age of 25. Former West Indian opening batsman Desmond Haynes will be involved with coaching national U.S. youth and senior teams selected during the tournament.
Teams playing in the Cup may include one international player.
United States Cricket Development Program.
In July 2005, MLC announced an ambitious 10-year program for the development of domestic competition and international level cricket skills within the U.S. The program includes plans to establish National Cricket Centres to encourage local development, a National Cricket Academy, and certification of cricket coaches and umpires. MLC has stated the goal of preparing a U.S. team capable of qualifying for the 2011 Cricket World Cup.
Another part of the development program is the establishment of world class cricket playing facilities in the U.S. To this end, MLC met with The Walt Disney Company and convinced them to pledge over of land in Florida for the construction of a custom multi-function cricket and soccer stadium.
Professional Twenty20 League.
In September 2005, MLC announced plans to launch a professional eight team Twenty20 league in the U.S., with a first season to have been played in 2007. Players for the tournament were to have been recruited from the state-based teams represented in the Sir Clive Lloyd Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="2850720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850720" title="Eastsound, Washington">
Eastsound, Washington

Eastsound (or East Sound) is an unincorporated community on Orcas Island in San Juan County, Washington, United States.
Eastsound is the largest population center on Orcas Island, the second-most populated (after San Juan Island) and physically largest of the San Juan Islands. Eastsound consists of a few hotels and several restaurants, numerous gift stores, a large downtown grocery store, natural food store, hardware store, pharmacy, airport, and several churches. There is a public park that hosts events including the farmers market. Indian Island is just offshore Eastsound's public beach. Eastsound's scenic location makes it a popular tourist destination. Eastsound Washington is known for its community events, recreation and tourism. Half a mile north of Eastsound is Orcas Island Airport, with scheduled service to Seattle, Bellingham, Anacortes, Friday Harbor and Lopez Island and unscheduled service to many other locations.
Moran State Park is located nearby. Notable residents include Apollo 8 Astronaut William "Bill" Anders and cartoonist Gary Larson.
History.
The first inhabitants of Eastsound was the Lummi tribe, who were often raided by the warlike Haida, who traveled from Southeast Alaska in massive war canoes to attack the Lummis, for the purpose of slaving. The Haida had a distinct advantage, armed with flintlock rifles obtained from Russian traders. The first white people arrived in the 1850s, employees of the Hudson's Bay Company sent from the Fort Victoria post to hunt deer. These trappers brought smallpox, which, combined with the brutal Haida attacks, significantly reduced the native population. 
One of the first settlers of Eastsound was Charles Shattuck, who built a log cabin and operated a store in the late 1850s. Other early inhabitants of note included Michael Adams, a prospector and trapper from Pennsylvania and horticulturalist who planted the first apple orchard on Orcas. Belle Langell was the first white child born on Orcas, the daughter of Ephraim and Rosa Langell, who homesteaded near Michael Adams in present day Eastsound. The Emmanuel Episcopal Church (Eastsound, Washington) was the first church on Orcas Island, was built in 1885, by the Reverend Sidney Robert Spencer Gray, on a plot of land deeded from Charles Shattuck. There were a number of silver mining operations on Orcas at the turn of the century, which were reportedly salted to encourage investors 
Steamboats of the Puget Sound Mosquito Fleet used to dock at East Sound, one such vessel was the "Sioux", a steel steamship built in 1910 and running out of Bellingham under the ownership of the Black Ball Line.

</doc>
<doc id="2850722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850722" title="St. James Theatre">
St. James Theatre

The St. James Theatre is located at 246 W. 44th St. Broadway, New York City, United States. It was built by Abraham L. Erlanger, theatrical producer and a founding member of the Theatrical Syndicate, on the site of the original Sardi's restaurant. It opened in 1927 as The Erlanger. Upon Erlanger's death in 1930, control of the venue was taken over by the Astor family, who owned the land on which the theatre stood. The Astors renamed it the St. James Theatre. 
The theatre was taken over by the Shuberts in 1941. They were forced to sell it to William L. McKnight in 1957 following the loss of an antitrust case. McKnight renovated the St. James and reopened it in 1958. In 1970, McKnight then transferred the theatre to his daughter Virginia and her husband James H. Binger, who had formed Jujamcyn Theaters.

</doc>
<doc id="2850729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850729" title="Bernard Lamotte">
Bernard Lamotte

Bernard Lamotte (1903 – September 28, 1983) was a Paris-born artist, illustrator, painter and muralist. He attended École des Beaux-Arts at the Sorbonne and studied under Bernand Corman and Lucien Simon (1861–1945). From 1932 to 1935, Lamotte traveled to Paris, Tahiti and New York. In 1935 at the age of 32, he moved to New York City to pursue his art.
Style and works.
Lamotte’s travels inspired his works, as demonstrated by his cityscapes of Paris, New York, and Tahiti. Lamotte beautifully captured modern day Parisian city life and street scenes Lamotte’s style is reminiscent of other artists of the School of Paris, modern with a flair for the romantic. His technique gives his oil paintings a look and texture of a watercolor.
While in New York, between travels to Tahiti and Paris, Lamotte received several mural commissions including and exhibitions including a solo show at the Wildenstein Gallery within one year of his arrival. Other exhibits included the Art Institute of Chicago in 1941, the Carstairs Gallery in New York City annually from 1941–1950s and a solo show at the Palm Beach Gallery in 1965. Like Pierre Sicard and Grigory Gluckmann Lamotte was represented by the Dalzell-Hatfield Gallery in Los Angeles, which had an exhibition in 1975
Lamotte also created a mural of Christiansted Harbor on St. Croix, Virgin Islands for the White House pool for John F. Kennedy, which is now preserved in the John F. Kennedy Library and Museum, Boston). Other commissions include businesses, restaurants corporations and private collectors. and theatre designer as well. 
Lamotte was also an illustrator and illustrated for numerous fashion magazines. In 1945 there was an illustrated book published on Lamotte titled Bernard Lamotte, Oil Painting and Brush Drawing, written by Louis Gauthier and in 1948 his work was reviewed in Time magazine. 
Museum collections of Lamotte’s work include the Tokyo Museum, Luxembourg Museum and Musee d’Art Moderne in Paris, and the French Embassy in Finland. Private collections include Joseph P. Kennedy, Alfred Barnes and Anton Dalhuijsen, among several others.
The Vose Gallery of Boston has since hosted several exhibitions from his estate.
New York City residence.
Lamotte’s atelier was located above La Grenouille restaurant (http://www.la-grenouille.com/index.html) where fellow expatriate French artists and famed New York personalities congregated in including Greta Garbo, Charlie Chaplin and Marlene Dietrich. The studio he and his wife shared became a bohemian haven and was coined Le Bocal (“The Fishbowl”).
Friendship with Antoine de Saint-Exupéry.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry met Lamotte in art school in France, and in the early 1940s spent a great deal of time in Lamotte's New York City studio at 3 East 52nd Street, called Le Bocal. It was one of the places where Saint-Exupéry worked on "Le petit prince". Lamotte also created the illustrations for Flight to Arras by Antoine de Saint-Exupéry.
Personal life.
Lamotte was born and educated in Paris. Lamotte had been bedridden for some time as a child due to an injury and spent his time studying the color and textures of the cityscape below his window, which would greatly influence his artistic style and passion. 
After years of travel, Bernard became an American citizen in 1951. Lamotte married Lilyan White Kent, a painter and sculptor, the widow of Twentieth Century Fox president Sidney R. Kent. She introduced to such stars as Marlene Dietrich, Charlie Chaplin, and Greta Garbo. 
Bernard died in 1983 at age 80 from complications from surgery at St. Luke's Hospital in Manhattan.

</doc>
<doc id="2850732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850732" title="Chilean destroyer Almirante Lynch (1912)">
Chilean destroyer Almirante Lynch (1912)

The Almirante Lynch was a destroyer in service with the Chilean Navy through World War I and World War II. She was named after Admiral Patricio Lynch, Chilean sailor, hero of the War of the Pacific.
The Chilean Navy ordered six ships from J. Samuel White in 1911. These destroyers were larger and more powerful that contemporary British destroyers. The "Lynch" was built by the United Kingdom as part of a six ship class of s, of which only two were delivered before the outbreak of war, and served in the Chilean Navy until 1945 (the "Lynch" was the sister ship to the .)

</doc>
<doc id="2850736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850736" title="The Automatic">
The Automatic

The Automatic (also known as The Automatic Automatic in the U.S.), is a Welsh rock band. The band is composed of Robin Hawkins on vocals, bass and synthesisers, James Frost on guitar, synthesisers, backing vocals and occasional bass, Iwan Griffiths on drums and Paul Mullen on vocals, guitar and synthesiser – since 2007. Mullen joined after the departure of Alex Pennie who provided synthesiser, percussion and vocals.
Signing to a deal between B-Unique Records and Polydor Records in 2005 the band released their platinum selling début Not Accepted Anywhere in 2006, which spawned three UK top 40 singles – Raoul, Recover and Monster. The band released their second album This Is A Fix accompanied by only one single; Steve McQueen in 2008, which due to a dispute between the band's labels – B-Unique and Polydor – was plagued with distributional and promotional problems, The dispute led to the band withdrawing from their 5-album deal with the labels and instead formed their own label, Armoured Records, distributed through EMI.
After independently releasing their third album Tear the Signs Down in 2010 and three singles – Interstate, Run & Hide and Cannot Be Saved, the band have begun a temporary break while members concentrate on other projects, with James Frost playing guitar in Effort and Paul Mullen providing vocals and guitar in Young Legionnaire.
History.
Band beginnings (1998–2004).
The members first met at primary school, in the early 1990s, and formed a band at the age of 13. Alex Pennie was asked to join five years later. Originally known as White Rabbit, up until February 2005 when they renamed themselves The Automatic because they believe that music is the antidote to "the automatic life". After recording their two-track demo featuring rough versions of "Monster" and "Rats" in 2005 they signed a five-album record deal with B-Unique Records in their gap year.
"Not Accepted Anywhere" (2005–2007).
After signing their record deal with B-Unique the band began the writing and recording of their first record, the first release from which came in the form of "Recover" which on 7 November 2005 saw its release along with b-side "Jack Daniels". for the next 2 months the band were in studio, put under strain to write their record for a January deadline set by their record label, because of this the band believe the end result came out sounding quite similar. Whilst début single "Recover" did not chart, it had still gained them publicity, NME put the band on their "new music" tour, also calling them ""The sound of 2006"", the band quickly had further success, being awarded "Best New Band" in the Pop Factory Awards 2005.
After touring with The Kooks in early 2006 the band began the release of second single "Raoul" which came on 27 March 2006, being the first chart eligible release, reaching a peak in the UK Singles Chart of No. 35, album track "On The Campaign Trail" was also released on the CD single, whilst "Trophy Wives" was released on the vinyl, the single received as a large amount of airplay on MTV Two amongst other channels, as well as further exposure. the band went around the country between touring promoting the single and the forthcoming album with instore signings.
On 27 April 2006 "Not Accepted Anywhere" was announced; the début 12 track long album, which would see release on B-Unique Records on 19 June 2006, with a new single "Monster", as well as further tour dates. When the album then arrived it received fairly mixed reactions, many reviewers pointing out the high pitched backing screams from Alex Pennie, which whilst some pointed out it gives the band an identity and a level of individuality, whilst others just found it annoying Dom Gourlay of Drowned In Sound wrote ""the unnecessary screeching of the keyboard player just a tad irritating – bordering on the side of wanting to commit homicide – at the best of times"" whilst NME wrote "screeching backing vocals, have made him sound like a new instrument all of its own" regarding the notorious vocalist. The album however remained very popular as far as sales went, reaching number No. 3 in the UK Album Chart, and remaining in the chart for over half a year, new single "Monster" also proved to be a huge success, reaching No. 4 in the single chart, oddly the band were then accused of being a one hit wonder, despite "Monster" being their second top 40 hit, the band also said since its release that there was no pressure, nor was it an objective to come up with something as popular as "Monster". The Raoul EP, a collection of b-sides and songs which didn't make the final album was released on 17 July 2006.
Following the release of the album the band went on tour with Cat The Dog and Welsh friends Viva Machine, and played a 13 date tour across the United Kingdom, which also included their hugely publicised appearance on GMTV as well as a UK festival circuit, included Reading and Leeds festival, T4 on the Beach and T in the Park, all leading up to their fourth single a re-release of "Recover", which had been re-recorded for a larger release than its original limited release the year before. The single peaked at No. 32 in the UK after its release on 18 September 2006, surrounding this the band played various dates around Europe and Japan.
We wrote a song, it did really well, I don't really see what there is to be upset about. You get labelled "one hit wonders", but that's more hits than most people have. And it's not like we've disappeared without a trace. We've got a second album coming out, which in my opinion is full of much better songs. We wouldn't have been in a position to fly to LA to make a record if it wasn't for 'Monster'." — Robin Hawkins on the success of "Monster"
Over Christmas 2006 the band wrote and recorded two new songs which would begin play next year on the NME Rock Tour 2007, these songs titled "Steve McQueen" and "Revolution" (now known as "Secret Police") would be accompanied by a cover of Life During Wartime by Talking Heads, as well as the fifth and final single from Not Accepted Anywhere, another re-release, despite many fans wanting another album track to be used, "Raoul" was chosen by the band's record label, with the band saying they were not "into" the idea of releasing Raoul again. the single charted slightly higher than previously (originally at No. 36) instead the single charted at No. 32 in the UK single chart.
After extensive UK touring the band released "Not Accepted Anywhere" in the United States and Canada in June. This preceded their attendance at the Warped Tour, 2007 and was opened with their first U.S. single, "Monster" which was released on 14 May 2007. after the Warped Tour and release of the album embarked on their first USA Tour, before returning to the United Kingdom for their final show of the Not Accepted Anywhere era, Get Loaded in the Park.
Departure of Alex Pennie, Paul Mullen joins, "This Is a Fix" (2007–2008).
On 18 September 2007 it was announced by The Automatic that Alex Pennie had left The Automatic. Alex performed for the final time with band mates at Get Loaded in the Park 2007, however had been active for some time with the band assisting with the writing process of their second album, "This Is A Fix". It was announced through the band's website and through the band's MySpace that Pennie had been finding playing with his band mates "increasingly unenjoyable" and that he had been growing apart from them.
In November, NME reported that the band have had no direct contact with Pennie since the split, which also took place earlier than the official split according to his former band mates. Hawkins has exchanged MySpace messages with Pennie however, reporting that he is doing ok, and that he now has a new punk band. Alex Pennie has more recently stated that he is returning to the UK to start work on "a new project". This was later announced by Pennie through his Myspace profile to be Decimals, in which he performs lead vocals. Pennie confirmed in 2009 that there were no hard feelings and that he and his band Decimals were in the same Cardiff studio as The Automatic, working with the same people, he described the situation as ""like seeing an ex-girlfriend"" and that both he and his former band mates are on good terms.
It was never going to spell the end of the band. Him staying would have spelt the end of it", said the singer. "He didn't want to be in the band anymore and what he did on the first album, the screaming thing, there's only so far you can take that, really. We couldn't have progressed… There's no regrets on either side as far as I know. — Rob Hawkins
After the departure of Alex Pennie the band was quick to make a new recruitment, Paul Mullen of was brought in after his band went on hiatus, taking on the position of guitarist, vocalist and synth player, so he would not be a direct replacement for Alex Pennie. The band had already been at work before Pennie's departure and had around 10 songs already done, two of which were "Steve McQueen" and "Secret Police", which both had been performed throughout 2007 on various tours.
After working in Cardiff in their studio, the band flew out to Los Angeles, California were they began working with Don Gilmore, who has worked with the likes of Linkin Park and Dashboard Confessional, however were not happy with the results, thus switched to working with Butch Walker (Fall Out Boy, The All American Rejects, Simple Plan) where they worked for some time, until having to return to the United Kingdom where they finished up much of the record back in Cardiff working with Rich Jackson, who worked with the band on "Not Accepted Anywhere".
After the recording process was complete, the band drew up proposals for a concert in March, the band began a club tour, playing at smaller venues to "get up close" with the fans, supported by friends Viva Machine with the likes of Canterbury and Attack Attack also performing at select dates. The band's first single from "This Is a Fix" was soon announced, "Steve McQueen", first played on the NME 2007 Tour, would arrive on 18 August 2008, a further number of tour dates were also announced for August and September, the band were also announced to be play at Reading and Leeds Festivals, as well as performing at the UK release of the Rock Band video game, Glastonbury, and a number of other festivals and gigs around Europe.
Single "Steve McQueen" was premièred on the Zane Lowe show on BBC Radio 1 on 7 July 2008, the following day NME.com broadcast the music video for the first time, following this track "This Is A Fix" was released as a free gift on 30 July 2008 via download. On 18 August, the release day of Steve McQueen, the entire album became available on the band's Myspace page, the band also days later performed an all new cover, "Love in This Club" by "Usher" on the BBC Radio 1 Live Lounge.
After the album's release the band completed two UK album tours in the remaining months of 2008, before heading back into studio to work on new tracks. At The Asylum in Birmingham, the band confirmed "Magazines" to be the second single from "This Is A Fix" originally stating a release would happen in February 2009, however this date was scrapped. The Automatic along with Get Cape. Wear Cape. Fly., Frank Turner and My Vitriol were announced in early 2009 to be part of the final show at the London Astoria on Wednesday 14 January, a charity show for Love Music Hate Racism and Jail Guitar Doors.
Tear the Signs Down, Armoured Records (2009–2010).
Since the start of 2009 the band began working in studio on new tracks, and by March had around 10 songs in various stages of development, some being demoed and some not. The band fully recorded 4 of the new tracks in early April, and on 18 April it was confirmed that the new tracks are towards the band's third studio album.
New track "Something Else" was made available to stream through the band's website on 6 August 2009, with a music video produced by Frost depicting touring in Ibiza, Poland, Dubai and Switzerland – and recording in Cardiff. New material was further teased in August through to October, with photos depicting the band working with a violinist and cellist, song title "Parasol" was also revealed.
On 28 September 2009 the band announced a string of UK dates for November, which would coincide with the release of new single "Interstate". It was also revealed that the band had terminated their contract to release 5 records through B-Unique and Polydor Records after the two labels partnership which The Automatic were the child of ended; causing the ill promotion and distribution of their previous album This Is A Fix. Instead, the band would self finance their third record, allowing for 'complete creative control', Armoured Records was founded, with a distribution partnership with EMI.
In October filming took place for single "Interstate" in Cardiff outside Chapter Arts Centre in front of a wood sculpture created by Alan Goulbourne. Filming then took place days later for the band's appearance on Chris Moyles' Quiz Night. "Interstate" premiered on XFM on 3 November 2009, with the music video released straight after onto YouTube. The album's title Tear the Signs Down and release date for 8 March 2010 were also revealed. Track "Something Else" which was previously available to stream was also released as a free download through Music Glue.
January through March 2010 tour dates were revealed by The Fly as soon as the band's November tour ended. Second single "Run and Hide" which was previously titled "Parasol" premiered on Zane Lowe's Radio 1 show on 19 January 2010, with a release set for 1 March 2010 – a week before the release of the album. The music video saw release a week later, shot at the re-opened Cardiff Coal Exchange. Tear the Signs Down was met by critics in a similar way to the band's previous releases, receiving both very positive and negative responses, Rock Sound awarded the album 9/10 believing it would ""surely stand out as one of the finest British records of the year"" whilst magazine The Skinny critic Nick Mitchell wrote ""It's difficult to imagine even their core audience (the Hollyoaks demographic) getting excited about this confused, weak album"" awarding only a single star.
After the band's UK tour with Straight Lines and White Belt Yellow Tag it was teased that the band were hoping to support Irish rock band Ash in April & May, however this never materialised. An alternative version of "Cannot Be Saved" was revealed as the third single from Tear the Signs Down, and would be released on 20 June 2010, with a music video from the touring earlier in the year directed by Frost released on Rock Sound and NME on 2 June 2010. Two days after "Cannot Be Saved" live versions from Oxford Academy of "Run and Hide" and "Raoul" were released as free downloads through Rock Midgets, with live versions of "Sleepwalking" and "Magazines" also made available to stream through the band's Soundcloud.
Over the summer months of 2010 performances included Pritchattsbury Festival in Birmingham, Kilmarnock Festival in Scotland, Monmouth Festival and Jedi Music Festival in Liverpool. Along with The Blackout and Young Guns the band were announced as part of the line-up for Funeral for a Friend's Casually Dressed & Deep in Conversation dates in July 2010.
Tear the Signs Down was amongst the BBC's 10 greatest Welsh albums of 2010. On 24 December 2010 an unreleased cover of "New Sensation" by INXS from the This Is A Fix recording sessions was made available for streaming on Soundcloud.
Other projects (2010-present).
The Automatic is currently inactive, with no immediate plans to record or tour - although the band are neither split or on an official hiatus. Mullen formed new band Young Legionnaire with Bloc Party bassist Gordon Moakes, who release their debut album Crisis Works in 2011, whilst Frost formed a project called EFFORT with Radio 1 DJ Jen Long, the pair released a 3 track EP in 2010. Singer/bassist Rob is currently enrolled at Cardiff University studying Computer Science BSc, whilst drummer Iwan is studying Law.
Mullen also joined Tom Bellamy's band Losers in recording their second record, east London band HorseFight and in later 2012 joined former The King Blues guitarist Jamie Jazz in forming Bleach Blood who released their debut EP The Young Heartbreakers Club and are currently working on their album. On 20 March 2013 Iwan posted three previously unheard tracks by The Automatic on the band's Facebook. The tracks 'Just Because You Feel It', 'Where Have You Been' and an untitled track were all recorded between This Is A Fix and Tear the Signs Down, Iwan also posted a number of other demos and live tracks. Shortly after on 20 April, Iwan posted a photo from in the studio working with bassist Rob on a new project. On 6 May 2013 Radio 1 debuted band Continental Keys who feature guitarist Frost and are fronted by Tom Jenkins of Straight Lines.
Musical style.
During the band's debut release period of "Not Accepted Anywhere" they were often categorised as "electro-disco-punk rock",; at this point they were using more synthesiser keyboards, and had been compared to acts such as Bloc Party, Kaiser Chiefs, and 'thrown in' with the indie rock scene of 2006, the band have even stated that the album was altered in the mixing process ""When we were recording the first album there were some really heavy guitars going down but only the clean ones were used"" a decision of the record label and producers involved with the album, some of these guitars parts were restored in the 2007 US release of "Not Accepted Anywhere" when it was re-released and re-mastered, the band at one point were even labelled as Glam rock, which former keyboardist Alex Pennie blamed NME for. The band cite their influences such as Jarcrew, Muse, Blur and The Blood Brothers, and a joint love for bands such as Radiohead and Ash, The band's second album was compared to the sound of Ash's early work by many critics, as well as this the second album is generally listed as having a 'bigger sound' with heavier guitars, less synths, drums and more vocals.
The debut album, "Not Accepted Anywhere", lyrically refers to the band's experiences growing up in Cowbridge, while the second album, "This Is A Fix", lyrically takes inspiration from politics and news items, except for "Steve McQueen" which lyrically is similar to the tracks on "Not Accepted Anywhere" and was intended originally as a bridge between the two first albums, as a stand alone single being originally recorded at the end of 2006, for an early 2007 release. "Monster", "Recover", "In The Mountains" and "Responsible Citizen" lyrically refer to substance abuse and alcohol, the media in "Magazines", the record industry in "Accessories" and "You Shout You Shout You Shout You Shout", the climate in "High Tide on Caroline Street", people the band dislike in "Team Drama and "Seriously... I Hate You Guys", growing up and day-to-day lives in "That's What She Said", "In This World", "Raoul", and "Light Entertainment".
The band instrumentally use various synthesisers to produce many of their sounds, during the recording and touring with the album "Not Accepted Anywhere" the band's former member Alex Pennie used an Alesis Micron and an Alesis Andromeda during live performances, and in addition to this in studio he used a Roland Juno-106. More recently since Pennie's departure new addition Paul Mullen uses a microKORG whilst James Frost continues to use an Alesis Micron, although fewer of the songs on "This Is A Fix" use a synthesiser as a predominant instrument. The band uses Sennheiser microphones, 'e 945s' for vocals, 'e 906s' for the guitar cabinets and snare drum, the 'e 604s' for toms, and an 'e 901' on the kick drum.
Band members.
The band have collaborated on a number of occasions for live shows, notably for Reading and Leeds festivals in 2006 during the performances of "Gold Digger" the band performed with Goldie Lookin Chain, similarly in 2007 at T in the Park the band performed the track with singer-guitarist Newton Faulkner, during the live performance of "Gold Digger", former guitar technician for The Automatic Jamie Allen would perform bass guitar, as Rob played flute. In 2008 with album and track "This Is A Fix" an additional bass player was required for its performance as Rob would be providing synthesisers in the track, during "club tour" Tom Stephens of Viva Machine provided bass, whilst in later tours Peter Hill stood in as bassist on the track. Notable on many of the band's tours have featured James "Jizz" Lawrenson as the band's sound engineer,'Spicy' Geoff Cattani as Keyboard Tech & Drum tech & sometimes Driver from February 2006 – November 2006, Stan Saunders as band's monitor engineer and Mike Doyle as tour manager, a position Peter Hill also took in 2008/09 touring, Mike was also featured during a live cover of Talking Heads single "Life During Wartime" on the 2007 NME Tour.
The band have long had a studio relationship with producer Richard Jackson, who is responsible for working with the band on albums; "Not Accepted Anywhere", "This Is A Fix" & "Tear the Signs Down" and subsequent b-sides and demos as well as this the band have been managed by Martin Bowen with Probation Management since 2005. As well as working in studio with Richard, the sophomore release was worked on initially with Don Gilmore, followed by Butch Walker & Richard Jackson and on one track Stephen Harris, who also worked with the band on their debut, along with Ian Broudie. To date, musically the only other musicians to be featured besides the band themselves were Chris T-T and Frank Turner, the two musicians along with producer Butch Walker were featured providing gang vocals and extra percussion on "This Is A Fix" track "Steve McQueen".
Reception.
The September 2008 issue of Rock Sound magazine reported that the band was unpopular with other musicians, which the band blamed on the success of their hit single "Monster".
I think that most bands don't like us, I think bands look at us and go 'Nah'. — James Frost
All the singles released by The Automatic, from "Recover" in November 2005, to "Steve McQueen" in August 2008 charted in the UK Singles Top 40, including both original releases and re-releases of "Raoul" and "Recover". The band's highest charting single to-date is "Monster" which charted at No. 4, this is followed by "Steve McQueen" which charted at No. 16. Since 2008 they have failed to chart.

</doc>
<doc id="2850738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850738" title="Lindy Infante">
Lindy Infante

Gelindo Infante (born March 27, 1940), nicknamed Lindy Infante, is a former American college football player and assistant coach, who became an offensive coordinator and head coach in both the National Football League (NFL) and the United States Football League (USFL). Infante played college football for the University of Florida, and later served as the head coach of the Jacksonville Bulls of the USFL, and the Green Bay Packers and the Indianapolis Colts of the NFL.
Early life.
Infante was born in Miami, Florida in 1940. He attended Miami Senior High School, where he played high school football and was the star fullback for the Miami Stingarees.
College career.
Infante received an athletic scholarship to attend the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, and he played tailback for coach Ray Graves' Florida Gators football team from 1960 to 1962. He was also a member of Sigma Nu Fraternity (Epsilon Zeta Chapter) while he was an undergraduate. Memorably, Infante scored the go-ahead touchdown in the Gators' 18–17 upset of the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets in 1960, scored three touchdowns in their 21–7 victory over the Clemson Tigers in 1961, and was a senior team captain and a third-team All-Southeastern Conference (SEC) selection in 1962. During his undergraduate playing days, he also suffered two severe injuries: a ruptured lung against the LSU Tigers in 1960, and a season-ending broken leg against LSU in 1962.
Infante graduated from the University of Florida with a bachelor's degree in physical education in 1964, and he was later inducted into the University of Florida Athletic Hall of Fame as a "Distinguished Letter Winner" in 1988.
Infante returned to his alma mater in 1966, where he worked as an assistant football coach under head coaches Graves and Doug Dickey until 1971, and was responsible for recruiting legendary Gator wide receiver Carlos Alvarez. He went on to serve as the offensive coordinator at Memphis State from 1972 to 1974.
NFL assistant and coordinator.
Infante was the offensive coordinator of the Cincinnati Bengals in the early 1980s under Forrest Gregg. His offense, quarterbacked by Ken Anderson, led the Bengals to the 1981 AFC title, and a berth in Super Bowl XVI. During the summer of 1983, he was offered and accepted the head coach position for the upstart Jacksonville Bulls for the USFL's inaugural 1984 spring football season; citing potentially divided loyalties, the Bengals management promptly fired him before the start of the 1983 NFL fall season. Infante served as the Bulls' head coach during their two spring football seasons in 1984 and 1985. After the USFL folded following its second and last season, he became the offensive coordinator of the Bernie Kosar-quarterbacked Cleveland Browns during the and NFL fall seasons. Under Infante, the 1987 Browns were the second-highest-scoring offense in the AFC.
Green Bay Packers head coach.
After leaving Cleveland, Infante became an NFL head coach for the first time, leaving Cleveland to replace Forrest Gregg as head coach of the Green Bay Packers in 1988. That first season, the Packers endured losing streaks of five and seven games and finished with a 4–12 record. Infante's second season, 1989, was his most successful; after a slow start, the Packers won five of their last six games, finishing 10–6, only missing the playoffs on a tie-breaker with the rival Minnesota Vikings. For his efforts, Infante was named the 1989 AP NFL Coach of the Year. In 1990, the Packers started 6–5, only to lose their final five games and finish 6–10 and out of the playoffs. That five-game losing streak continued into 1991, when the Packers lost six of their first seven games, and finished 4–12. A 27–7 season-ending victory over the Vikings notwithstanding, Infante was fired by the Packers' new general manager, Ron Wolf, before the beginning of the 1992 season.
Indianapolis Colts.
A second shot at head coaching came in 1996, when Infante replaced the retired Ted Marchibroda as head coach of the Indianapolis Colts, who had reached the AFC title game in 1995. The season opened with great success, as the Colts started 5–1, but a four-game losing streak in the heart of the season ended their chances at an AFC East division title. Although they qualified for the playoffs as a wild card team, the Colts had to go to Pittsburgh to face the defending AFC Champion Pittsburgh Steelers. Although the Colts led 14–13 at the half, a second half collapse allowed the Steelers to claim a 42–14 victory. It was Infante's only NFL playoff game; Indianapolis lost their first ten games of the 1997 season, finishing 3–13. Infante was fired shortly after the season's end.
As an NFL head coach, Infante compiled a career record of 36–60–0, with an 0–1 record in the playoffs.
Life after football.
Infante is retired and lives in Crescent Beach, Florida with his wife Stephanie.

</doc>
<doc id="2850740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850740" title="Ultimate Ears">
Ultimate Ears

Ultimate Ears is a custom in-ear monitor (IEM) and earphone manufacturer based in Irvine, California. The company was founded by Mindy Harvey and Jerry Harvey in 1995 and it created a new market for custom IEMs which are now used by most of the world's top touring musicians.
In August 2008, Ultimate Ears was acquired by Logitech, and operates as a subsidiary.
History.
In 1995, Jerry Harvey was Van Halen's touring monitor engineer, mixing their stage sound through stage wedges—powerful loudspeakers aiming at each of the musicians. Drummer Alex Van Halen had great difficulty hearing the other band members over all the noise of the stage; louder monitors did not help. Harvey created a custom molded earpiece for the drummer to block some of the stage noise and focus on the desired sound: a prototype earpiece that contained two tiny speaker drivers, one for low frequencies and one for high frequencies, the frequencies split by a passive audio crossover. The high frequency driver was a stock Japanese component but a suitable low frequency driver was difficult to find. The only driver which survived strong kick drum signals was a Knowles-made pacemaker part, a balanced armature transducer intended to warn the pacemaker wearer of internal problems. Other Van Halen band members became interested and Harvey crafted further sets. The musicians touring with Van Halen—Skid Row—wanted some in-ear monitors and Harvey sold them six pairs for $3,000. Pop singer Engelbert Humperdinck wanted a set and at that point Harvey determined to start a company to supply the demand.
Harvey and his wife Mindy decided to divorce at the same time as they joined as business partners in Las Vegas, Nevada, where they incorporated Ultimate Ears. Mindy Harvey later said, "Ultimate Ears is the child we never had ...and in the big picture, getting divorced was the only way to spread the word about the company." The company was run from Mindy's home, offering not just custom-molded earpieces but the associated radio transmitters and receivers intended for use onstage by performing musicians. Jerry Harvey promoted the systems and also helped Shure produce their E1 and E5 IEMs, "the first universal-fit dual-driver monitors." Helping Shure make this product also helped the new company Ultimate Ears gain respectability. Ultimate Ears first became significantly profitable in 1998 with the introduction of the UE-5 model; the fifth of Harvey's designs. Customers included The Rolling Stones, Faith Hill, Enrique Iglesias, and the Red Hot Chili Peppers.
Westone, Innovate Partners, Logitech.
From the beginning, Ultimate Ears partnered with Westone to manufacture Harvey's designs, but in 2001 Westone began to operate a separate distribution channel in Europe, selling the IEMs as their own designs, holding all the Ultimate Ears trademarks and patents. Relations between Westone and Ultimate Ears soured. Harvey did not have any patents, so it was difficult for him to separate his design, marketing and sales business from the manufacturer. At the beginning of 2002, Ultimate Ears opened their own lab, hiring Chomphorn "Noy" Soudaly, an audiologist and hearing aid technician, to run the lab. In April 2002, Ultimate Ears produced an upgraded model without Westone's help. The Harveys were able to retain nine out of ten customers; the remainder became customers of Westone. In 2003, Ultimate Ears had five employees and held about 80% of the professional IEM market.
Harvey went out on tour with Linkin Park to get back in contact with touring musicians and while on tour he noticed the popularity of iPods and other mp3 players. He returned with the idea that Ultimate Ears should offer a consumer model for audiophile listeners. The resulting UE-5c appeared in January 2004 sold for $550. High sales of these doubled the company's income. Pursuing this direction further required outside investment, and the Harveys contacted Bob Allison, owner and CEO of Innovate Partners, an investment holding company in Irvine, California. Allison became the CEO of Ultimate Ears as the company moved to Irvine, with Mindy Harvey the president and Jerry Harvey the CTO. Innovate Partners helped Ultimate Ears develop a manufacturing source in China to provide the expected volume of sales. By April 2005, the resulting Super.fi 5 Pro, a double armature product, was offered to consumers at $250 per pair, and sales of these helped Ultimate Ears to gross more than $10 million in 2006. That same year, Ultimate Ears teamed with M-Audio and with Altec Lansing to produce rebranded lines of earpieces, one sold under the management of M-Audio (their IE model line) and the other under the Altec Lansing name.
Harvey left Ultimate Ears in 2007 after designing and producing the UE-10 Pro and then the UE-11, the first 3-way and 4-way (respectively) IEM products from Ultimate Ears. Harvey said he was "forced out" by Allison who wished to strengthen his position as leader.
Ultimate Ears was acquired by Logitech in August 2008. The $34 million deal bought out Mindy Harvey's share and gave Logitech its first in-ear earphones product line. Allison continued as division CEO. Logitech's vice president in charge of headsets and earbuds, Philippe Depallens, said that even after the departure of both Jerry and Mindy Harvey, the company has been able to "keep carrying the torch of having the best in-ear monitors in the market."
Products.
Universal Fit Earphones.
Like all earphones the Ultimate Ears consumer monitors require the user to test varying sizes of ear cushions (included with the purchase) in order to achieve the proper fit for noise isolation.
Musician's earplugs.
Ultimate Ears has always offered earplugs for professional musicians. The earplugs are marketed relative to the amount of background noise reduction.

</doc>
<doc id="2850742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850742" title="Robert McKenna">
Robert McKenna

Robert Fidelis McKenna, O.P. (born July 8, 1927) is a Dominican bishop residing at Our Lady of the Rosary Chapel in Monroe, Connecticut since 1973. He is known for his traditionalist Catholic positions and is an advocate of sedeprivationism. He is also known from the Fox TV-movie "The Haunted", which is about the Smurl haunting where McKenna conducted two exorcisms.
Life.
He was ordained a Roman Catholic priest for the Dominican Order in 1958 by Cardinal Amleto Giovanni Cicognani. After the Second Vatican Council, while working as a translator and scientific researcher for his religious Order, he became increasingly concerned with the ramifications of the Vatican reforms, and finally removed himself from those in his Order with whom he felt he could no longer associate in good conscience. He continued as a Dominican priest while joining other priests in the Orthodox Roman Catholic Movement (O.R.C.M. or ORCM), a traditionalist Catholic organization founded by Fr. Francis E. Fenton that represented itself as preserving authentic Roman Catholicism from what its members viewed as radical modernist changes in doctrine and liturgy. The ORCM still exists as a corporation for legal purposes, but has long ceased to be used to represent a religious organization. As early as his October 1985 issue of "Catholics Forever", Fr. McKenna referred to his involvement historically as "in ORCM days".
Fr. McKenna was consecrated a bishop on August 22, 1986 in Raveau, France by Mgr. Michel Guerard des Lauriers, O.P, one of the bishops consecrated by Bishop Ngo Dinh Thuc without papal mandate.
Bishop McKenna also consecrated Rev. Donald Sanborn as Bishop; Bishop Sanborn, who has his seminary in Florida, also works with Bishop Dolan and Fr. Cekada in West Chester OH at St. Gertrude the Great.
Bishop McKenna has retired from his duties at Our Lady of the Rosary Chapel in Monroe, CT. due to health concerns. He currently resides in Michigan.
Public stand.
Since being consecrated a bishop, McKenna has been one of the main promoters of the Cassiciacum Thesis developed by his consecrator, which states that the papal claimants since Paul VI have not been true popes due to their public heresies, but have only been "papa materialiter". According to McKenna, by teaching that men have a "natural right" to worship as they see fit, the successors of John XXIII have attempted to put the heresy of ecumenism in place of Catholicism. Referring to this heresy as "a spiritual insanity," he wrote in, "On Keeping Catholic":
Now while the Popes of Vatican II, including the present Benedict XVI, can function on the purely natural level in running the Church as an organization or legal corporation, they have on the supernatural level - in view of their spiritual madness - no divine authority to speak for the Church as the Mystical Body of Christ or to govern the faithful in His name; no power, that is to say, to function precisely as the Vicar of Christ for so long as this insanity continues. They and the bishops under them, blindly following them, are lacking the jurisdiction they would otherwise have under normal circumstances. We must simply ignore them and carry on as best as we can without them.
Concerning the bishops who are in union with Rome, McKenna published a similar view in 1980:
Practically all bishops who are not definitely heretics are at least gravely suspect of heresy by reason of the sacrilegious outrages they have tolerated in their dioceses. As a consequence, they have either lost their jurisdiction or possess a very doubtful jurisdiction, and Canon Law itself expressly supplies priests jurisdiction in such cases.
Although he is sometimes classified as a sedevacantist or a sedeprivationist, McKenna considers himself to be a Roman Catholic bishop just dealing with the Church crisis of the present day.
Exorcist.
Bishop McKenna was also a noted exorcist and worked closely for many years with Religious Demonologist Dave Considine and Fr. Rama Coomeraswamy M.D. While performing exorcisms is not in itself noteworthy for a Roman Catholic priest, some of his cases were also investigated by psychic researchers such as the Warrens, and some of his cases have been sensationalized against his wishes. He attempted exorcisms in the Smurl haunting case, which case was described in various books and in the Fox TV-movie "The Haunted". Another exorcism he performed in 1985 in Warren, Massachusetts was featured in the Boston Herald and later recounted by the same reporters in the book "Satan's Harvest". Furthermore, he believes that "the official establishment does not believe that the devil exist anymore... they do not believe, and when they do, they don't want to get involved." Due to his advanced age, McKenna has given up taking any more cases.

</doc>
<doc id="2850745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850745" title="Armlock">
Armlock

An armlock in grappling is a single or double joint lock that hyperextends, hyperflexes or hyperrotates the elbow joint and/or shoulder joint. An armlock that hyperflexes or hyperrotates the shoulder joint is referred to as a shoulder lock, and an armlock that hyperextends the elbow joint is called an armbar. Depending on the joint flexibility of a person, armlocks that hyperrotate the shoulder joint can also hyperrotate the elbow joint, and vice versa.
Obtaining an armlock requires effective use of full-body leverage in order to initiate and secure a lock on the targeted arm, while preventing the opponent from escaping the lock. Therefore, performing an armlock is less problematic on the ground, from positions such as the mount, side control, or guard. Armlocks are more difficult to perform when both combatants are standing up, though the stand-up variants are a focus in certain systems such as Chin Na. Furthermore, a failed armlock can sometimes result in the opponent escaping and obtaining a dominant position.
Armlocks, considered less dangerous techniques in combat sports allowing joint locks, are the most common joint locks used as submission holds. In training, the method of executing an armlock is generally slow and controlled to give the opponent time to submit prior to any infliction of injury. However, in self-defense applications, or when applied improperly or with excessive force, armlocks can cause muscle, tendon and ligament damage, even dislocation, or bone fractures.
Armbar.
The jūji-gatame (十字固, rendered as "Ude-Hishigi-Juji-Gatame"), also sometimes used interchangeably with the terms "armbar" or "straight armbar", is an official Kodokan Judo technique. The English word "bar" is used here to signify the opponent's extended arm, while the Japanese word "jūji" (十字) refers to the armbar's visual resemblance to the number 10 as written in kanji, 十. The word jūji is also found in "jūjika" (十字架), meaning a cross. In general, the practitioner secures an arm at the wrist of the opponent, trapping it by squeezing the knees together. The attacker's legs end up across the opponent's chest, with the arm held between the thighs, with the elbow pointing against the thigh or hips. By holding the opponent's wrist to the attacker's chest with the pinky finger on the sternum and the thumb facing up (arm semi-supinated or semi-pronated), the practitioner can easily extend the opponent's arm and hyperextend the opponent's elbow. The attacker can further increase the pressure on the elbow joint by arching his hips against the elbow. This technique is used in various grappling martial arts, including but not limited to Brazilian jiu-jitsu, catch wrestling, judo, jujutsu, Sambo, and shoot wrestling, and is one of the most common ways to win a match in mixed martial arts competition.
Flying armbar.
The flying armbar is a version of the jūji-gatame that is performed from a stand-up position. Without a gi, it is typically applied when the opponent has a collar tie. By tightly holding the opponent's neck and arm, the practitioner places one of his shins against the opponent's midsection, and leans up on the opponent; at the same time, the attacker swings the leg on the same side as the opponent's collar tie over the opponent's head, into the typical jūji-gatame position. A slight modification of this maneuver can also be made. Instead of initiating the move by placing the shin against the opponent's midsection, the lower leg can be directed through the space between the arm and trunk of the opponent with the knee generally placed close to the opponent's armpit. The advantage of this modification is that the attacking practitioner's hips more closely engage with the defender's shoulders, making the forthcoming armbar submission easier to accomplish. However, the disadvantage of this modification is that the associated risk of injury is increased due to the attacker's increased height above the ground and near-vertical upside-down angle to the ground. (With a gi, it can be performed without needing to hold the neck.) If improperly performed, this technique can allow the opponent to escape, and gain an advantageous position. The flying armbar is considered to be one of the most visually spectacular joint locks, but it is uncommon because of the associated risk of falling into a poor position.
Helicopter armbar.
The helicopter armbar is a little different version of the armbar, a combination of an armbar and tomoe nage, which is also used by wrestling, Judo and BJJ. When the attacker stands in front of the opponent, he grabs both of his arms and falls backwards, causing the opponent to lean forward. Then the attacker puts his feet on the opponent's stomach or hips and lifts him up with his feet. While securing one of the opponents arms, the attacker will drop one foot (Same side as the secured arm). This will cause the opponent to twist and fall, landing with the secured arm extended by the attacker.
Sankaku-gatame.
The "sankaku-gatame" or "triangular armlock" is a jūji-gatame performed from the "sankaku" position. Originating from Judo it is normally used when the "shime" (strangle) is not working. It is an effective competition technique due to the fact that the opponent's arm became exposed while defending the sankaku-jime and their attention is focused in stopping the strangle.
Shoulder locks.
The "shoulder lock" is a technique used as a method of upper body restraint. It should not be confused with a choke because the lock does not block or interferes with the flow of air or oxygen to the brain. The application is executed by applying pressure between the radial bone and shoulder.
Keylocks.
The americana, (also known as the figure-four armlock, bent armlock, hammer lock, paintbrush, or /arm entanglement in Judo.) is a grappling keylock technique in which both of the practitioner’s arms isolate and cause flexion to the shoulder, elbow, and to a lesser extent the wrist of the opponent. The technique is generally set in motion by the practitioner, using their same side hand, (i.e. to target the right hand he uses his own right hand) pinning the opponent's arm to the ground at the wrist, so that the elbow falls at a right angle with the palm facing upwards. Subsequently, the practitioner will thread his opposite hand under the opponent’s biceps, reach through and grasp his own wrist, doing so creates the signature “figure four,” from which one name for this technique was derived, this also gives the practitioner a mechanical advantage over the opponent. To finish the submission the practitioner slides the wrist of the opponent toward the lower body, while simultaneously elevating the elbow and forearm, in a motion resembling using a paintbrush, creating opposition to the joints and causing the necessary flexion in the shoulder and elbow to cause significant pain, and damage if the opponent fails to submit. While it is feasible to execute this technique from several different positions, the most commonly utilized is the side mount position. This technique also has numerous variations with their own nomenclature, for instance depending on the rotational direction the arm, the addition of the word "reverse" signifying medial rotation as in reverse keylock or reverse ude-garami, in which case the usage of "keylock" indicates lateral rotation only.
Kimura (Gyaku ude-garami).
Kimura (Brazilian jiu-jitsu), chicken wing/double wristlock (wrestling), or reverse keylock are terms used to specify a medial keylock known in judo as "gyaku ude-garami" (reverse arm entanglement) or simply as "ude-garami". The application is similar to the americana, except that it is reversed. It needs some space behind the opponent to be effective, and can be applied from the side control or guard. Contrary to the americana, the opponent's wrist is grabbed with the hand on the same side, and the opposite arm is put behind the opponent's arm, again grabbing the attacker's wrist and forming a figure-four. By controlling the opponent's body and cranking the arm away from the attacker, pressure is put on the shoulder joint, and depending on the angle, also the elbow joint (in some variations the opponent's arm is brought behind their back, resulting in a finishing position resembling that of the "hammerlock" outlined below). The kimura was named after the judoka Masahiko Kimura, who used it to defeat one of the founders of Brazilian jiu-jitsu, Hélio Gracie.
Omoplata (sankaku-garami/ude-garami).
The omoplata (referred to in Judo as "ude-garami" or "ashi-sankaku-garami", 三角緘, "triangular entanglement") is also a commonly featured shoulder lock in Brazilian jiu-jitsu. In catch wrestling it is called coil lock. The locking mechanism is similar to the kimura lock, but instead of using a figure-four, it is applied using a leg. The omoplata can be applied from the guard, by placing one leg under the opponent's armpit and turning 180 degrees in the direction of that leg, so that the leg moves over the back of the opponent and entangles the opponent's arm. By controlling the opponent's body and pushing the arm perpendicularly away from the opponent's back, pressure can be put on the opponent's shoulder. It is also possible to put pressure on the elbow joint by bending the leg entangling the arm, and twisting it in a specific manner. In order to secure the opponent and prevent him from rolling out of the lock, the inner arm can be thrown over the opponent's waist as a "seatbelt" securing the opponent. Though an effective lock, it is more difficult than other armlocks to successfully apply. The technique called a monoplata is a similar armlock that resembles jūji-gatame or spiderweb position yet has a mechanism like an omoplata.
Tsunetane Oda, a judo groundwork specialist who died in 1955, was shown on video to have demonstrated the technique.
Hammerlock.
A hammerlock is a shoulder lock similar to the kimura lock where the opponent's arm is held bent against their back, and their hand forced upwards towards the neck, thereby applying pressure to the shoulder joint. The hammerlock is well known as a pain compliance hold in law enforcement where it is typically used from a standing position and is also utilized in the application of handcuffs. It is also sometimes seen used as a submission hold in submission wrestling arts. In physical assessments it is similar to the "Inferior Apley's Scratch" test that health practitioners may use for rotator cuff pathologies.

</doc>
<doc id="2850751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850751" title="Biceps femoris muscle">
Biceps femoris muscle

The biceps femoris () is a muscle of the posterior (the back) thigh. As its name implies, it has two parts, one of which (the long head) forms part of the hamstrings muscle group.
Structure.
It has two heads of origin;
The fibers of the long head form a fusiform belly, which passes obliquely downward and lateralward across the sciatic nerve to end in an aponeurosis which covers the posterior surface of the muscle, and receives the fibers of the short head; this aponeurosis becomes gradually contracted into a tendon, which is inserted into the lateral side of the head of the fibula, and by a small slip into the lateral condyle of the tibia.
At its insertion the tendon divides into two portions, which embrace the fibular collateral ligament of the knee-joint.
From the posterior border of the tendon a thin expansion is given off to the fascia of the leg. The tendon of insertion of this muscle forms the lateral hamstring; the common fibular (peroneal) nerve descends along its medial border.
Variations.
The short head may be absent; additional heads may arise from the ischial tuberosity, the linea aspera, the medial supracondylar ridge of the femur, or from various other parts.
A slip may pass to the gastrocnemius.
Innervation.
It is a composite muscle as the short head of the biceps femoris develops in the flexor compartment of the thigh and is thus innervated by common fibular branch of the sciatic nerve (L5, S2), while the long head is innervated by the tibial branch of the sciatic nerve (L5, S2).
Blood supply.
The muscle's vascular supply is derived from the anastomoses of several arteries: the perforating branches of the profunda femoris artery, the inferior gluteal artery, and the popliteal artery.
Function.
Both heads of the biceps femoris perform knee flexion.
Since the long head originates in the pelvis it is also involved in hip extension. The long head of the biceps femoris is a weaker knee flexor when the hip is extended (because of active insufficiency). For the same reason the long head is a weaker hip extender when the knee is flexed.
When the knee is semi-flexed, the biceps femoris in consequence of its oblique direction rotates the leg slightly outward.

</doc>
<doc id="2850754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850754" title="Nico Kasanda">
Nico Kasanda

Nicolas Kasanda wa Mikalay (July 7, 1939 – September 22, 1985), popularly known as Docteur Nico, was a guitarist, composer and one of the pioneers of soukous music. He was born in Mikalayi, Kasai province in the Belgian Congo. He graduated in 1957 as a technical teacher, but inspired by his musical family, he took up the guitar and in time became a virtuoso soloist.
At the age of 14, Kasanda started playing with the seminal group Grand Kalle et l'African Jazz, led by Joseph "Grand Kalle" Kabaselle. He became an influential guitarist (Jimi Hendrix visited him while on tour in Paris), and the originator of the ubiquitous Congolese finger-picked guitar style, acquiring the nickname "Dr. Nico". African Jazz split up in 1963 when he and singer Tabu Ley Rochereau left to form L'Orchestra African Fiesta, which became one of the most popular bands in Africa.
He withdrew from the music scene in the mid 1970s following the collapse of his Belgian record label, and made a few final recordings in Togo, not long before he died in a hospital in Brussels, Belgium in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="2850761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850761" title="Tazmamart">
Tazmamart

Tazmamart () was a secret prison in south-eastern Morocco in the Atlas Mountains, holding political prisoners. The prison became a symbol of oppression in the political history of contemporary Morocco. It is located near the city of Er-Rich, between Errachida and Midelt. It was managed by commandant Feddoul and Hamidou Laanigri, both Royal Moroccan Gendarmerie officials.
History.
Tazmamart Prison was built in 1972, after the second failed coup d'etat against the late Hassan II of Morocco in August 1972, 58 army officers were sent to Kenitra prison and later to Tazmamart. According to Ali Bourequat, the prison later held also some Sahrawi nationalists and other "disappeared" political offenders.
During the 1980s, there were allegations about the existence of a prison called Tazmamart. Authorities (or Makhzen) were denying all of those allegations. It was not until the publication of the book "Notre ami le Roi" ("Our friend the King") by French journalist Gilles Perrault in 1990 that the issue was raised at a political level.
In 1991, and after pressure from international human rights groups and some foreign governments, Hassan II of Morocco decided to close down the prison and release the last remaining detainees. Some fled abroad, others stayed in Morocco, but were prevented from discussing their experiences in Tazmamart publicly.
Human conditions.
According to some former detainees and human rights groups, conditions at Tazmamart were extremely harsh. While torture and ill treatment occurred, the appalling prison conditions were the biggest threat to the lives of inmates.
The prisoners were put in cramped single-person underground cells 24 hours a day. They were allowed no human contact, no light, and very little in the way of food or protection from the summer heat, or winter cold. There was no medical treatment for injuries caused by torture and diseases like tuberculosis. Also, the food rations were minimal. There are also allegations of executions. All in all, 35 prisoners, or more than half of the people incarcerated at Tazmamart during the eighteen years died, before the prison was finally closed in 1991.
Post-"Years of lead".
Rumours about Tazmamart's existence were put about as an instrument of terror by the makhzen, but even though several human rights organizations had reported on existence of Tazmamart, the regime officially denied all knowledge of the prison until 1991 when US pressure forced the release of the surviving prisoners. The camp was closed along with several others of its kind, but Tazmamart remains a particularly powerful symbol of the oppressive "years of lead" in Morocco. Survivors have staged memorial marches to the prison.
Rumours persist about the continued existence of Tazmamart-style camps in Morocco, as it has been documented that secret detention and torture of suspects continues, possibly in collaboration with the American CIA (see Black sites).
Publications by former inmates.
Several of the former inmates have since written books on their sometimes decades-long stay in Tazmamart, for example Ali Bourequat's "In the Moroccan King's Secret Gardens" and Ahmed Marzouki's "Tazmamart: Cell No. 10". Famous Moroccan writer Tahar Ben Jelloun has written "This Blinding Absence of Light", based on the experiences of one Tazmamart prisoner.

</doc>
<doc id="2850783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850783" title="Oberkommando der Luftwaffe">
Oberkommando der Luftwaffe

The Oberkommando der Luftwaffe (OKL) was the air force High Command of the Third Reich.
History.
Luftwaffe was organized in a large and diverse structure led by Reich minister () and supreme commander of the Luftwaffe Hermann Göring. Göring through the Reich Air Ministry ( /RLM/) controlled all aspects of aviation in Germany including civilian and military aviation. The organization of this organization was from the peacetime period dating prior to involvement in Spanish Civil War.
In early 1937, Göring announced reorganization of the Reich Air Ministry into Military and civilian branches. The military branch was to be led by the Oberkommando der Luftwaffe (Supreme H.Q. of Air Force). A chief would be leading the general staff. However, the separation of military from civil aviation was not complete and it was fragmented. Some parts of the military branch were left under the control of Air Inspector General Field Marshal () Erhard Milch. These were
The reasons for this formation was primarily to undermine Milch, who was getting favorable attention from the Party. However later during the year and early next year, Göring again changed the organization structure by removing three offices from Milch's and General Staff's control. He brought under his own direct control. These were
This change made these offices to be additional power centers in RLM further fragmenting the top Luftwaffe organization. It also crippled important functional areas.
Organization.
To gear for the European war, Luftwaffe needed a high command equivalent to Army (Oberkommando des Heeres OKH) or Navy (Oberkommando der Marine OKM). Hence In 1939, the Luftwaffe was again reorganized. The credit for the formation of a true Air Force High Command ( OKL) goes to Colonel General Günther Korten commander of Air Fleet 1 ( and his Chief of Operations General der Flieger Karl Koller. They both campaigned to carve out a command out of Goring's all compassing Reich Air ministry. The intent was to put Luftwaffe on a true wartime footing, by grouping all the essential military parts of the RLM into a single command. Thus on 5 February 1944, Air Force Command ( OKL) was created. It included following branches.
Other areas such as training, administration, civil defense and technical design remained under RLM's control. The new organization proved to be more efficient and lasted until the end of the war.
OKL like OKH or OKM reported to Supreme High Command of the Armed Forces( OKW). The OKW was answerable to Hitler for the operation command of the three branches of the armed forces. OKL was divided into forward Echelon () and rear echelon (). The forward echelon moved with the theater of operations while rear echelon remained almost exclusively in Berlin.
OKL was also the operational branch of the Luftwaffe. It was divided operationally into air fleets at a high level. Initially it was divided into four air fleets() that were formed geographically and were numbered consecutively. Three more "Luftflotten" were added later on as German territorial expansion grew further. Each Luftflotte was a self-contained entity. The leader of each was in charge of overall air operations and Support activities. However a fighter leader () was in charge of all the fighter operations and reported to the Luftflotte Leader.
Each Luftflotte was further divided into air districts () and flying Corps (). Each "Luftgau" had 50 to 150 officers led by a Generalmajor. It was responsible for providing administrative and logistical structure as well as resources to each airfield. The Fliegerkorps on the other hand were in charge of the operation matters related to flying such as unit deployment, air traffic control, ordnance and maintenance.
Since this structure was making ground support structure available to flying units, the flying units were freed from moving the support staff from one location to another as the unit relocated. Once the unit arrived at its new location, all the airfield staff would come under the control of the commander of that unit.

</doc>
<doc id="2850786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850786" title="Sasha Bordeaux">
Sasha Bordeaux

Sasha Bordeaux is a fictional character in the DC Universe. She was at first primarily associated with Batman, and has subsequently evolved an association with Checkmate in two of its incarnations. She was created by Greg Rucka and Shawn Martinbrough, and first appeared in "Detective Comics" #751.
Fictional character biography.
Bodyguard, superhero.
Sasha Bordeaux first appeared as an attractive young martial artist who was hired as Bruce Wayne's bodyguard by WayneCorp's second in command, Lucius Fox, albeit against Wayne's wishes. Wayne at first tried to avoid her, but she kept on doing her job.
She eventually became suspicious of his constant late-night disappearances and did some searching, and was shocked to find that Bruce Wayne was secretly Batman. Knowing he couldn't legally fire her for knowing of his secret identity, Batman began training her to become his apprentice. After weeks of hard work, she became fit enough to go out with him on patrol in a suit, though he still treated her as a total stranger both as Batman and as Bruce Wayne. During this time, she fell in love with him, even as he insisted on having her around while he dated other women.
Framed.
One night while Batman and Bordeaux were out on patrol, the assassin David Cain lured Wayne's ex-girlfriend Vesper Fairchild to Wayne Manor and killed her, framing Wayne in the process. Both Wayne and Bordeaux were charged with murder, and Sasha refused to exonerate herself by giving up Wayne's secret. They were both arraigned and held without bail while awaiting trial. After a while, Batman escaped to leave his alter ego behind, leaving Bordeaux inside Blackgate prison. Although Sasha was briefly offered her freedom if she testified against Bruce Wayne—even contemplating taking the deal after Bruce abandoned her—a meeting with Alfred Pennyworth, who had recently returned to Gotham after spending time away, left her resolved to reject the offer. Alfred helped her realize that Bruce had truly valued her work, rather than using her without any thought for herself, as otherwise he would never have allowed her to accompany him as Batman. Batman eventually confronted those who framed him, and Wayne and Sasha were cleared of all charges.
Checkmate.
While in prison custody, Sasha was severely wounded by another prisoner and would have died had the government agency Checkmate not given her medical treatment. They faked her death and offered to give her a new name and identity (complete with plastic surgery) if she would work for them. With no other options, she agreed.
Batman tirelessly searched for Sasha, not believing she had died in prison. To facilitate this, he disrupted all of Checkmate's operations in Gotham City. The group eventually organized a meeting between the two, where Wayne confessed that he loved her. Sasha, though feeling the same way, realized that her new life would prevent them from being together and told him to let her go.
Over time, Bordeaux rose through the ranks of Checkmate to become right hand to Maxwell Lord, the group's leader. Lord later hijacked the Brother I satellite that Batman had created to monitor all superhuman activity. Brother I itself had recently become sentient due to the actions of Alexander Luthor, Jr. as a part of his plans for the Infinite Crisis. He also created an army of cyborgs known as OMACs (who are originally human, transformed when needed by a virus) programmed to hunt and kill all superhumans and/or specific targets. During his rule, Lord killed all who opposed him, assisted by Brother I who monitors for rebellion. Sasha feigns loyalty to stay alive, but breaks this when Lord kills his former ally Blue Beetle, and orders Sasha to dispose of his corpse. Filled with hatred for herself and Lord, she sent Kord's trademark goggles to Batman as part of a message detailing Lord's madness.
When Brother I revealed Sasha's betrayal, he sent out an OMAC squad who found Sasha and Batman in an abandoned warehouse just after they share a kiss. The OMACs' goal of killing Batman and taking Sasha only partly succeeds as Batman escapes. Lord, realizing he cannot get any information out of Sasha, imprisons her and brainwashes Superman in an attempt to kill Batman. To stop this, Wonder Woman snaps Lord's neck, killing him instantly.
Cyborg.
With the help of another imprisoned agent, Jessica Midnight (who had attempted to assassinate Lord earlier), Bordeaux escaped and set out to kill Lord, unaware he was already dead. As they were on their way out, an OMAC attacked the two and impaled Bordeaux. This attack somehow activated her latent inner programming, turning her into an OMAC cyborg. However, she retained most of her human features, although her skin now resembles a metallic coating and one of her eye sockets is empty. She also found that she retained her free will; unlike the other OMACs, she was not under Brother I's control. 
With Lord's death, Brother I rechristened itself "Brother Eye" and activated all the remaining OMACs to kill Earth's superhumans. Bordeaux contacted the other various factions of Checkmate who had left when Lord took over, apologizing for Lord and asking them to rejoin.
She then created a computer virus and hooked herself up to the Brother Eye satellite; the virus, along with a massive electromagnetic pulse blast created by the various superheroes, disabled the majority of the OMACs. Brother I escaped with 200,000 OMACS. 
She later reunited with Batman, who comforts her when she tells him she was now a machine.
Infinite Crisis.
Eventually, with the aid of the new Blue Beetle, Batman located Brother Eye. He then gathered a team of heroes, including Bordeaux, to attempt to destroy it ("Infinite Crisis" #5 and #6). The attack sent Brother Eye crashing to Earth, but the satellite's central memory remained intact. With the various superheroes needed elsewhere, Batman tasked Bordeaux with destroying Brother Eye once and for all. Sasha resists the machine's brainwashing long enough to blow it up. She survives the blast, albeit at the cost of the majority of her OMAC shell.
One year later.
One year after "Infinite Crisis", Bordeaux became the "Black Queen" of the Checkmate organization. In the first issue of the new "Checkmate" comic series, she leads a group of operatives into a Kobra stronghold. As the new series began, Bordeaux was depicted as a cold-blooded killer; it remains to be seen whether this is an after-effect of her conversion to cyborg or due to events of the previous year. Her "the ends justify the means" attitude towards the success of Checkmate missions has put her into conflict with Alan Scott. She is also in conflict with several of her Checkmate colleagues, particularly Fire and Mister Terrific, with whom she is romantically involved. As the series progressed, this aspect of her personality was rarely referred to again. In a 2007 story arc involving The Outsiders, Bordeaux suffered extreme torture at the hands of Chang Tzu who wished to learn more about her cybernetic implants. Although she survived this encounter (barely), subsequent issues have had her fighting to regain her confidence, especially when the healing process results in even more of her body becoming cybernetic.
In "Manhunter" (#27, January 2007), Sasha intervenes in the trial of Wonder Woman (for murdering Maxwell Lord) by secretly delivering exonerating evidence to Wonder Woman's lawyer, Kate Spencer.
Final Crisis.
During the events of "Final Crisis", Sasha forms a small resistance team that includes Snapper Carr, her current romantic interest Mister Terrific, an artificial intelligence and later, the villain Cheetah. They cause much damage against the conquering forces of Darkseid, mainly utilizing Snapper's teleportation power. When Sasha is infected by the Anti-Life Formula, the OMAC nanites in her body put her in a coma to prevent the spread of the infection. After Snapper's powers are neutralized, Mister Terrific realizes they must re-activate all OMACS that are left. The only way to do this is to revive Sasha and retrieve the OMAC codes from her nanites. The activation of the OMACs is successful, but the revival causes Sasha's biological processes to shut down.
JSA vs. Kobra.
In the 2009 miniseries "JSA Vs. Kobra", Mr. Terrific, along with Dr. Mid-Nite, are keeping a comatose Sasha alive via life support, with the hope that they will be able to cure her. By the end of the series, Sasha is restored to life and passionately kisses Mr. Terrific. This is the last appearance of Sasha, and her current whereabouts are unknown.
Powers and abilities.
Even before her transformation, Sasha was a skilled hand-to-hand combatant and marksman. She was skilled enough that Batman allowed her to serve as a sidekick of sorts.
When Sasha was captured by Chang Tzu and studied, he discovered that she had the following abilities:
Sasha also has the ability to turn her nanorobotic components on and off at will, and they also help her to regenerate from damage she sustains, particularly to those non-biological parts of her body.

</doc>
<doc id="2850803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850803" title="List of recurring The Mighty Boosh characters">
List of recurring The Mighty Boosh characters

The following is a list of recurring characters from "The Mighty Boosh", including characters from the television series, the radio series, and the various stage shows. Most of the recurring characters are played by Julian Barratt, Noel Fielding, Michael Fielding, Rich Fulcher or Dave Brown. For minor and non-recurring characters see "List of minor characters from The Mighty Boosh".
Central cast.
"The Mighty Boosh" centres on the adventures of Howard Moon (Barratt) and Vince Noir (Fielding), aided by the other two members of the central cast, Naboo the Enigma (Michael Fielding) and Bollo (Peter Elliott/Dave Brown), who by series 3 they share a flat with. Bob Fossil (Rich Fulcher) is part of the central cast in series 1, becoming a recurring character thereafter.
In the course of the series a variety of bizarre and surreal recurring characters cross their paths, mostly also played by the same cast doubling up.
Howard Moon.
Howard TJ Moon is portrayed by Julian Barratt. Howard is an aspiring musician, actor, poet, novelist and photographer. In the first series he works at the Zooniverse as a zookeeper, alongside Vince. In the second series, Howard and Vince have left the zoo and formed a band together. He is vain, despite being described as "generic-looking" and often makes outrageous claims which often turn out to be true (he claims, for instance, to have turned down a lucrative offer extended by Walt Disney himself to sort all of Disney's felt-tip pens). He reacts to criticism violently. His favourite style of music is jazz-fusion, and he spends part of each day in a "jazz trance". He often claims different parts of his body or aspects of his style to be "powerful" when he is subjected to mockery. He is unlucky in love, and in series one is in love with reptile keeper, Mrs Gideon. His attempts to impress her with his novel writing and snake capturing are often the launching point for his and Vince's adventures. He has claimed to have "deeply Spanish" lineage; Vince usually counters that he is "clearly from Leeds". Despite his lack of success, he seems to see himself as a smooth-talker and while he thinks he is being cool and dashing, his attempts to smooth talk women are awkward at best. To impress two electro girls, he talks of animals in heat and in series two, to impress Precious Lilywhite, he speaks about jazz and plays a tune on his self-made flute. In series two, he does manage to earn the love of an hermaphrodite merman, Old Gregg. Old Gregg proposes marriage to Howard, who acquiesces due to Old Gregg's promise to let him out of the cave he is being held captive in. Whilst Old Gregg is endowed with a 'mangina', it is supposed in the live tour that Howard has a 'shenis' and proposes that they were "Going to make sweet, sweet love".
In the series three episode "Party" Howard's romantic troubles reach a new level of wretchedness, when it is revealed that he is a virgin. Later in the episode Vince and Howard share a kiss (in order to save Vince's life) leading Howard to announce that he has now discovered his own homosexuality and is in love with Vince. Vince is horrified, but he becomes jealous moments later when Howard begins flirting with a girl.
Howard believes that he has a dark, brooding, poetic side to his personality and has many artistic pretensions, although almost all of his artistic efforts come to nothing. In series two, he flirts with being a nature photographer and longs to get his pictures on the cover of "Global Explorer" magazine. He briefly came close to becoming a published author, although he ruined his chances by descending into paranoia and angst as a result of his frequent failures to the point where, after being asked, Mrs Gideon criticised his writing causing him to fly into a blind rage and strike her in the face in front of his potential publisher. He is a gifted musician, thanks to selling his soul to the Spirit of Jazz, although he refuses to play instruments because the Spirit of Jazz "gets inside" him and makes him commit embarrassing acts. This claim is short-lived as by series two he is seen playing a variety of instruments on several occasions with no threat of the Spirit of Jazz. In series two, Howard's lack of funkiness is suggested as one reason he has not garnered the success he wants. Vince tells him he looks like 'a supply teacher' and that he is 'too white', while Old Gregg tells Howard that he is too rigid "like a bread stick" and has no rhythm.
Whenever Howard is near to death, he pleads not to die, saying, "Don't kill me. I've got so much to give." While Vince is always dressed very flashily and into the current fashion, Howard tends to look unkempt and shabby. In the second series, we learn that Vince cuts Howard's hair while Howard is asleep. Vince and other characters usually comment that he has small eyes, either like a cockerel, shrimp or crab's eyes.
Howard can be aggressive (he often threatens to "come at" Vince, for instance) but when faced with an actual fight, he tends to fold quickly. He is generally a very angry and frustrated man, and while he berates Vince for having an excessively sunny outlook on life, he also relies on Vince for emotional support. Howard often treats Vince like an inferior, although the laconic Vince is generally more amused than offended by Howard's superior attitude. They tease each other constantly, but there is a deep bond between them and both have demonstrated repeatedly that they will risk death to rescue each other from various dangerous situations and they even share a kiss in one episode (even if only to save Vince's life). When facing death, the two will often reminisce about very silly things - "like that one time they ate soup". This usually leads into a 'crimp': a short, completely random song that quickly strays off-topic and often involves harmony.
Howard's age is uncertain. In "Fountain of Youth", during a flashback to the pair's school days, he exclaims that he is the same age as Vince, despite looking much older, and it mentioned several times that they went to school and college together. If we are to believe his assertion in "Party", he is "32 - ten years older than ". This may have been to indulge Vince by "confirming" a fake age of 22. However on a Mighty Boosh tour Vince jokes that Howard is 62, but then states he is actually 58.
The T.J. in Howard's name stands for 'Tommy Jerry', as revealed in The Mighty Book Of Boosh.
Vince Noir.
Vince Noir was originally created by Noel Fielding for the 1998 stage show, "The Mighty Boosh". Vince Noir went on to appear in three more stage shows, a radio series and a TV series on BBC Three.
During the course of the stage shows, the radio series and the TV series, it is implied that he was born in the mid-1980s, and spent much of his early life as an orphan, being raised in a forest by Bryan Ferry, and then proceeded to spend the latter part of his childhood in civilisation in England, where he befriended Howard Moon at primary school. He left secondary school in his mid-teens, after being convinced by Howard to work at a local zoo called the Zooniverse, despite mentioning at various points that he took a gap year, achieved at least two BTEC National Diplomas, and went to college. At the Zooniverse, he befriended Naboo the Enigma, Bollo the Ape, and Bob Fossil. He and Howard also went on several adventures whilst working at the Zooniverse, including visiting the Arctic tundra, Limbo, and going on a road trip. By 2005, he had left the Zooniverse, and was living in a flat in Dalston with Howard, Naboo and Bollo, to concentrate on his musical career, being in a band with Howard, writing music and playing gigs locally. He and Howard went on more adventures, including visiting Planet Xooberon and Black Lake, and getting stranded on a small desert island. By 2007, Vince and Howard were working in the Nabootique, a small second-hand shop owned by Naboo. Although Vince and Howard do not travel much while working at the Nabootique, they still tend to have rather extraordinary adventures in England. Vince is often quite sarcastic to Howard, but when in the radio series Howard says he is going to leave the zoo, Vince tries to persuade him not to, but Howard states that "or would you rather fly around in a chopper, letting off flares?" Overall, Vince's friendship with Howard shows that he sees him as a target to wind up and talk to, but to also act as a shoulder to cry on, but that they are the duo. 
Vince's main personality trait is his relaxed outlook on life, living with perpetually laid back ease, socialising easily with those around him. Vince is often the voice of reason when Howard is being pretentious, although Vince has also been known to have a particularly naïve and somewhat childlike outlook on life. It is often implied that Vince is narcissistic, putting great pride in his appearance, especially his hair, which he describes as "a basic back-comb structure, slightly root-boosted framing with a cheeky fringe." Vince usually conforms to specific subcultures which he considers vogue, such as mod, goth, punk, and New Rave, adapting them to fit his androgynous dandyesque appearance. Vince is commonly mistaken for a female, and one-off characters often refer to him as Howard's wife or "lady friend". He even says to Howard, "I'm the confuser! Is it a man? Is it a woman? I'm not sure if I mind!", or in the Tundra episode Dixon Bainbridge says "Howard Moon and his ugly girlfriend are missing from the zoo."
Though he seems much more confident and secure than Howard, Vince is desperate to be admired as an individual and a trendsetter. In one episode he invites party guests to "bask in the glory of outfit". When a doppelgänger calling himself Lance Dior arises, Vince's optimism crumbles and he becomes insecure.
It was implied in the third series that Vince had bisexual tendencies. Such tendencies are first noted in the episode "Journey to the Centre of the Punk" when his singular brain cell remarks to Howard that he "does swing both ways" but didn't really feel "it" with him. Several such references are made in the episode "Party", especially when he kisses Howard passionately to avoid being beheaded by Dennis the head shaman.
Vince is a fan of electro music (including Gary Numan and The Human League), The Rolling Stones, punk rock, and glam rock (including Kiss). Mick Jagger is Vince's hero. He is highly disdainful of jazz, going as far as to claim to be allergic to it. Vince has sung for various bands, including a glam-folk band, an electro band, his and Howard's own band, and a punk band. Vince is also a keen artist having gained a BTEC National Diploma in Art, as well as hair design; he also claims to be a novelist, writing novellas and publishing them independently.
Vince Noir is also extremely proud of his hair. He reveals that he uses Nicky Clarke straighteners in the "Call of the Yeti" episode. Howard is also compassionate about Vince's hair, referring to it as Vince's mane.
Vince's uncle is a French Duke.
Vince also claims he is the "King of the Mods".
In the season two episode entitled "Fountain of Youth", Howard Moon claimed to be the same age as Vince but in a later episode in season three, Vince is ten years younger.
In the "Call Of The Yeti" episode, it is shown that Vince has a scar in his lower stomach from a Nicky Clarke straightener after he fell asleep on one of them while in a drunken state. In the same episode, Vince revealed that he cannot drive. In the episode "Fountain of Youth" Vince reveals that he is claustrophobic.
Naboo the Enigma.
Naboo is portrayed by Michael Fielding. He was created for the 2000 stage show, "Autoboosh", and later went on to appear in the pilot and all three series of the TV series, as well as both stage shows.
Naboo is a freelance shaman from the alien planet Xooberon, and has the ability and knowledge of many spells; and is also a recreational drug user and a drug dealer. He is a member of the Board of Shaman, and like many members he is a heavy drinker and rides of the magic carpet. His full name is Naboo Randolf Roberdy Poberdy the Enigma.
In 1978, Naboo was mistakenly sent to Earth by the King of Xooberon to protect the amulet of the planet's Fountain of Youth. He became a drug dealer for Rudi and Spider at one point in the 1970s, and eventually went on to work as a kiosk vendor at the Zooniverse. While at the Zooniverse, he would often help Howard and Vince out of situations they often found themselves in, typically their explanations being followed by his catchphrase, "I don't believe this!" As an example, when Howard is being pursued by the Spirit of Jazz in the episode 'Electro', Naboo saves him by trapping the spirit in a vacuum cleaner. Naboo left the Zooniverse to become a freelance shaman, moving into a flat in Dalston with Howard, Vince, and Bollo, the last now being his familiar spirit. In the episode "Party" of series 3, it is revealed that Naboo has no genitals, and his groin is as "smooth as the bonnet of a Porsche." By the 2006 stage show, he had opened a second hand shop called the Nabootique (sometimes known as Naboo's Nik-Naks). In the episode "Fountain of Youth" Bollo reveals that Naboo is 406 years old.
Bollo.
Bollo was originally portrayed by Dave Brown, and also portrayed in the first TV series by Peter Elliot. He first appeared in "Jazz", an episode of the 2001 radio series. He went on to appear in all three series of the TV show and the 2006 stage show.
Bollo is an anthropomorphic gorilla who has been portrayed as inept yet immensely strong. He and Vince are very close, a stark contrast to his relationship with Howard. His catchphrase is "I've got a bad feeling about this...", said in every show since "The Call of the Yeti".
He also DJs at the London nightclub Fabric on Tuesdays.
He first appeared in "Jazz", an episode of a radio series, portrayed by Dave Brown. He next appeared in "Mutants", where he is stolen by Bainbridge to mutate. He then appeared in "Bollo", where he is gravely ill, escaping death when the Grim Reaper takes Howard instead of him. He briefly appears in "Electro", smashing up a guitar in the style of Jimi Hendrix. By the second series he has become Naboo's familiar spirit, and has appeared in every episode since.
In "The Mighty Book Of Boosh", Bollo is found to have a spaniel called Roger.
Bob Fossil.
Bob Fossil is portrayed by Rich Fulcher. In the radio series Fossil is the ill-tempered owner of Bob Fossil's Funworld, an inept zoo. In the TV series, he is the manager of the Zooniverse and zoo owner Dixon Bainbridge's right-hand man. He is loud and brash and is normally portrayed as Howard and Vince's enemy, often trying to set them up for disaster, although on occasion he has expressed attraction to both of them. On radio, Fossil liked Vince and hated Howard, on television he generally dislikes both of them (although he is sometimes friendly to Vince), and his radio persona is somewhat replaced by employer Bainbridge. Fossil has a desperate crush on Bainbridge, and declares that he is very interested in getting involved in Bainbridge's "shady operations". Bainbridge often pushes Fossil roughly aside, knees him in the groin or punches him in the face but Fossil claims this is something they do all the time and it's a way of showing affection. On at least one occasion, Fossil and Bainbridge apparently rode in a pick-up truck and beat up midgets, though this may be more rambling from Fossil.
In the TV series Fossil is portrayed as incompetent; for example he does not know how to dial with a phone and calls a portable tape recorder his "talk box". He is often very childlike and emotional, and when confronted with something disturbing (such as a mysteriously floating cup, or a cage full of mutants) he will shriek horribly. Though Fossil is chief zoo keeper, he knows nothing about animals. He is unable to identify the animals he supposedly cares for at the zoo, even the relatively easy ones, such as the elephant (which he calls "the grey leg-face man"), The panda ("The black eyed Chinese people who eat sticks") or Ivan the bear ("the hairy Russian carpet guy"). According to the radio series, Fossil also had a traumatic childhood which involved his mother hiding in a bunker at breakfast while throwing eggs at him, whilst calling him "wimp-wabb". In the series, Fossil has his own theme song for the zoo: "Nicey nicey zoo zoo, for him and her and me and you!" In the radio series, Bob has a brother called Wilbur who reunites him and his mother, who had believed that Bob died in Vietnam.
Though Fossil and the zoo were, without explanation, absent from the second television series, he makes a brief reappearance at the end of "The Nightmare of Milky Joe" as the presenter of "The Pie Face Showcase" TV music programme. In this appearance he makes a joke about his wife; it is unclear if he actually has a wife or not, although she is also mentioned in the radio series ('I got a tiny wife to support'). He returns in the third episode of series 3, "The Power of the Crimp", as the owner of the Velvet Onion club, where Vince and Howard regularly gig. It is revealed that his mother thinks he is in a Vietnamese prisoner of war camp and that he has sent a bundle of sticks to his brother, Donny. Fossil was last seen on the TV show, in the episodes "Party" and "The Chokes".
In the live show it is revealed that he starred in the title role of a detective show called "Big Leg". The character of Big Leg later appears to defeat The Hitcher.
Fossil speaks with an American accent. He does not like cricket, and communicates this through the medium of dance, particularly to 10CC's ""Dreadlock Holiday"". It is possible this dislike stems from a bad experience, as he tells Naboo "...that's why you should never bring a cricket bat to Greece".
Fossil also created the "Pocket Cup" in the episode 'Killeroo'. He was later seen selling them at the fight for 5 euros.
Recurring characters.
Dixon Bainbridge.
Dixon Bainbridge was originally portrayed by Richard Ayoade in the pilot episode, and later by Matt Berry throughout the first series. He originally appeared in the pilot and several episodes of the first series of the TV show, and in the 2006 stage show, "The Mighty Boosh".
Bainbridge is the owner of the Zooniverse, as well as being an admired adventurer with an impressive moustache. Bob Fossil is deeply in love with Bainbridge, which often results in Bainbridge beating him up.
His first appearance is in the pilot episode of the TV series, portrayed by Richard Ayoade. He then appears in "Mutants", where he steals and mutilates the various animals and keepers of the Zooniverse. He next appears in "Tundra", a remake of the original pilot episode. He inspires Howard and Vince to travel to the Arctic Tundra and find the Egg of Mantumbi, which Bainbridge later finds himself, escaping the Black Frost by using the heat stored in his own moustache. Bainbridge later tries to sell the Zooniverse to build a road over it in "Jungle"; a plan which is later averted by Howard and Vince. Bainbridge finally appears in "Charlie", where he steals credit for Vince's work as a novelist, causing Charlie, the subject of Vince's novels, to appear and attack Bainbridge and his publisher. He was last seen delivering a box to the Nabootique.
It was revealed in "The Mighty Book Of Boosh" that Bainbridge had been knighted in a story that involved Bainbridge rescuing his kidnapped wife in Brazil.
Lester Corncrake.
Lester Corncrake is portrayed by Rich Fulcher. He appeared in several episodes of the third series of the TV show.
Lester Corncrake is a blind vinyl doctor who is close friends with Howard Moon, and also an avid jazz fan. He mistakenly believes he is black.
Lester first appeared in the 2007 episode, "Journey to the Centre of the Punk" in which he accompanies Howard on his microscopic journey inside Vince to eliminate the jazz virus he has ingested. He next appears briefly in the 2007 episode "The Power of the Crimp", disowning Howard after his and Vince's poor performance at a gig at the Velvet Onion where they were sabotaged by their new rivals, the Flighty Zeus. His last appearance to date was in the 2007 episode, "Party", where he is a guest at Howard's birthday, where he is mistakenly beheaded by Dennis, then raped by Tony Harrison. He is briefly mentioned in the third series finale meaning that he is still alive
Dennis.
Dennis is portrayed by Julian Barratt. He was originally created for the 2005 TV episode "Nanageddon", and later appeared in three episodes of the third TV series in 2007.
Dennis is the head of the Board of Shamen, although he sometimes wonders about the team he has assembled. He is married to an extreme sports calendar model. (She tried to seduce Vince in the episode 'Party'.) He originally trained Naboo in the ways of the Shaman. He beheaded Lester Corncrake at Howard Moon's birthday party. He is skilled with a sword, and defeats three attackers in the party episode.
His shaman members are loyal to him, but most of them mock his drug taking, due to his being the only member who does not consume drugs.
Rudi van DiSarzio.
Rudi van DiSarzio is portrayed by Rich Fulcher and Julian Barratt. He was originally created for the 1998 stage show, "The Mighty Boosh", and also appeared in an outtake for the "Jazz" episode of the 2001 radio series "The Boosh", both portrayed by Rich Fulcher. He was then portrayed by Julian Barratt in the 2004 episode "Jungle", and the 2005 episode "The Priest and the Beast" of the TV series. He last appeared in the 2006 stage show, "Boosh Live".
Rudi is a High Priest of the Order of the Psychedelic Monks and plays guitar and sings in Rudi and Spider. He and Spider Dijon are Bongo Brothers. Rudi and Spider quarrel often, but are very close despite having starkly different personalities. Rudi's behaviour and attitude is extremely puritanical; he thinks of alcohol and women as "distractions" (in stark contrast to the animalistic nature of his fellow band member, Spider Dijon), and even went so far as to say that he considered all women "strange and evil". He is also suspected of having a sexual relationship with his guitar, which he calls Miranda, though Rudi has always maintained that this was a misunderstanding on his wife's part ("I was naked, it was dark, I was changing a string, I became entangled.") Whenever he is asked for his name, Rudi's initial response will often be "I go by many names..." followed by a list of radically odd and random names. Some of his many names include "Shatoon, Bringer of Corn", "Mickey Nine, The Dreamweaver", "Photoshop", "Trenu, The Boiler", "Marjorie Keek", "Mystery Man", "The Shadow Dweller", "Diviner of Mysteries", "Rudi the Pruney", "Miraculous Mark", "Domino, the Bounty Hunter", "Clive" and "Cillit Bang", He is often called "Peppercorn" by the Dutch. A similar character, Howard's uncle Pedro, appears in the radio episode "Tundra", also claiming to go by many names.
In "Jungle" and some other appearances he has a tiny (puppet) body and he appears attached to a mobile backdrop; in most appearances he is of normal size and wears a long purple robe. In all of his appearances on stage or TV, Rudy has large buck teeth, browned skin (it is not clear what ethnicity is meant to be) and an enormous afro haircut with a door in it, called the door of Kukundu, that can open to take people on bizarre psychedelic trips. He claims to have earned his door by becoming spiritually enlightened as a monk. Rudi is allergic to wheat.
Mrs Gideon.
Mrs Gideon is portrayed by Victoria Wicks. She was mentioned briefly in the "The Boosh" as Howard's band partner and lover, until the smooth talking Rudy Mancheigo (based on the character of Rudi van DiSarzio) wooed her with empty wisdoms, and appeared in the first series of the TV show.
Mrs Gideon was the Head of Reptiles at the Zooniverse. She was the chief love interest of Howard in Series 1 but as she could not remember his face, his love went unrequited. She was, however, interested in Vince, admiring his paintings, remarking that Vince's portrait of Howard (a featureless face atop a Zooniverse uniform) looked just like him, and going to Vince when her snake was stolen by Bainbridge, much to Howard's disgust and envy. She is fond of trumpets and bookmarks.
Old Gregg.
Old Gregg is portrayed by Noel Fielding. He was created for "The Legend of Old Gregg", a 2005 episode of the TV series. He later went on to appear in the 2006 stage show, "The Mighty Boosh 
Old Gregg is a hermaphroditic merman who occasionally refers to his vagina, which emits a blinding light, as his ""mangina."" He inhabits a cave below the lake in a village called Black Lake. Old Gregg is fond of Bailey's Irish Cream, as well as being a very amateurish watercolour painter. He owns The Funk, an extraterrestrial covered in 'udder-like' teats, which he refers to as a "ball of tits", which lactate liquid funk. Old Gregg is in love with Howard Moon; singing a song with him entitled "Love Games", chronicling his obsession and Howard's reluctance, and later proposing to Howard. A deleted scene from "The Legend of Old Gregg" documents many rumours about Old Gregg, including his cannibalistic nature, and his age at over 1,200 years old. Before meeting Faye, Old Gregg was obsessed with Slash, the former Guns N' Roses guitarist, to the point of kidnapping him. It was mentioned that it ended badly, involving Gregg being very upset and Slash plummeting from a helicopter down 1000 feet onto some sharp rocks. He also claims that he said, "You should build a Velvet Revolver and go and live in it." - Velvet Revolver being Slash's new band.
Old Gregg is first seen in the 2005 episode, "The Legend of Old Gregg" in which he meets and falls in love with Howard, who is then rescued by Vince. Old Gregg then joins Howard in the 2006 stage show, after tracking him down and having himself delivered in a box, where they sing a rendition of "Love Games" and are later seen kissing. Old Gregg last appeared in deleted scene from the 2007 episode, "Party", disguised as a woman who has taken a liking to Howard. The episode became popular on YouTube and Old Gregg became something of an internet meme.
Tony Harrison.
Tony Harrison is portrayed by Noel Fielding. He was originally created for a 2005 episode of the second series of "The Mighty Boosh", "Nanageddon", and later returned for three episodes of the third series.
Tony Harrison is a disembodied pink head topped with a bulbous shape vaguely resembling a phallus, or a squid, with eight or so tentacle-like appendages sprouting from his neck, and a coarse, nasal East London brogue. He is a shaman, and member of the Board of Shamen. Tony appears unable to speak without smiling, even when relaying the most dire information, such as when relaying the importance of Shaman Juice to Naboo after Naboo had the juice taken from him by Crack Fox. Although Harrison claims that his navigational skills are second to none, and to be a 'unique thinker' in the field of strategy, the other shamen are quick to point out the apparent limitations of his lack of mobility; Tony is barely mobile within the show, but is frequently outraged at suggestions that this is the case. Harrison's drug of choice is poppers, for which he has an immense capacity. Tony is married, and makes frequent reference to Mrs Harrison who, as yet, has not been seen on the show, and who, in the 2008 live tour, is announced to have left him. Tony's marriage does not prevent him from appearing to indulge an apparent sexual attraction to human heads. Harrison also implies that he has given Mrs Harrison the "back of his tentacle" in the past, and is disgusted that Dennis seems "whipped" by his extreme sports calendar model wife. Tony's catchphrase, "This is an outrage!" has been spoken by him during every appearance in the show: Tony uses the phrase both when he feels hard-done-by, and when sexually aroused. He is an ardent fan of Fleetwood Mac, to the extent of suggesting playing the album "Tusk" in its entirety while DJ-ing Howard's birthday party with Saboo. He also claims to have an HGV licence.
Appearances.
Tony first appeared, alongside the rest of the Board of Shaman, in the 2005 TV episode "Nanageddon", where he and fellow Shaman Saboo are given the task of finding and exorcising the powerful demon Nanatoo, which ends in Saboo ejecting him from his magic carpet out of annoyance. He next appears in the 2007 TV episode, "Eels", accompanying the other Shaman on Dennis's stag weekend. He then appears briefly in the 2007 TV episode, "The Strange Tale of The Crack Fox" being Naboo’s executioner for the crime of giving a malevolent fox access to shaman juice. His latest appearance was in the 2007 episode "Party" where he and Saboo DJ'd at Howard's birthday party. In "The Mighty Book of Boosh" it is revealed that Tony is the Ents manager for the Shaman Council, and that he originates from Xooberon, the same planet as Naboo. It's also revealed that his middle name is Ian.
The Hitcher.
The Hitcher is portrayed by Noel Fielding. He was created for the 1999 stage show "Autoboosh", and later appeared in the 2001 radio series, four episodes of the television series, and the 2006 stage show, "The Mighty Boosh", in which he is the main antagonist, killing all the main characters at one point.
The Hitcher is an old cockney man with long grey hair, green skin, a large Polo mint over his left eye (which he refers to as his "solo Polo peeper"), a top hat and black and red clothing. He is evil, threatening to kill Howard and Vince whenever he meets them, and killing the whole cast in the stage show. His real name is Baboo Yagu, but he is almost always referred to as The Hitcher. He is also a proponent of jazz fusion, especially proficient on the bass guitar. The name Baboo Yagu likely comes from the old Russian legend of Baba Yaga.
The Hitcher has a confused history; he states in "The Hitcher" that as a child his parents were ashamed of his small thumb (prompting him to seek out the Hornet Shaman). However, in "Eels" he reveals that Elsie, proprietor of the Pie and Mash Shop, gave him free eels "on account of being an orphan n' that" (Eels). In "The Mighty Book of Boosh", it is revealed The Hitcher trained a man called Ian in the ways of a Cockney. Ian later goes on to become Jack the Ripper, and the Hitcher murders him as punishment for 'slashing Women'.
The Hitcher is sometimes accompanied by two short, rotund henchmen called the Piper Twins. The Piper Twins are dressed similarly to the Hitcher, with similar Polo mint eyes, but wear bowler hats and have long red moustaches, made from strawberry bootlaces. They are portrayed by Rich Fulcher and Dave Brown
The Hitcher's first appearance was in "Autoboosh", where he encounters Howard and Vince, trapping them in a box and then rapping about doing so. This plot was the template for a 2001 radio episode and a 2004 television episode, both titled "Hitcher".
In the television episode, he is proprietor of the "Zoo for Animal Offenders". He later appears in the 2005 television episode, "Fountain Of Youth", where he plans to use the fountain of youth's magical qualities for himself with the motive to rule the universe. Next he appeared in the episode "The Nightmare of Milky Joe" as one of the coconut people. He then appeared in the 2006 stage show, "The Mighty Boosh", which contained elements of both "Autoboosh" and the 1999 stage show, "Arctic Boosh". His latest appearance was in the 2007 television episode, "Eels", in which he attempts to run a protection racket on The Nabootique.
The Hitcher's appearance, though always grotesque, alters slightly during the course of the television show. In the first series episode "The Hitcher" he has an abnormally large thumb, as well as nose and chin. He explains this as a result of visiting a Hornet Shaman in the bin of a primary school and asking him to enlarge his thumb. In the second series his thumbs are both normally sized. In the third series he has both a normal chin and nose, and looks altogether much younger and more spry — a direct result of his showering in the Fountain of Youth in the episode of the same name (Series 2) - although his voice, based loosely on Noel Fielding's grandfather, remains as haggard as ever.
In the episode of "the Hitcher" of series one, Noel explains that the Hitcher is based on his grandfather crossed with the character Fagin from the play Oliver.
The Hitcher appeared on "Friday Night with Jonathan Ross" singing a song about eels. Although he dances energetically and enthusiastically, he falls to his knees at the end of the song, complaining of his "old legs." The Polo came off his eye during the song and he casually tossed it aside.
The Spirit of Jazz/Howlin' Jimmy Jefferson.
The Spirit of Jazz/Howlin' Jimmy Jefferson is portrayed by Noel Fielding. He appears in three separate forms over the course of the series. It is revealed in the series 3 episode, Journey to the Centre of Punk, that he was a famous jazz musician that lived by the swamps of Mississippi. When he was alive he had black and white skin, red eyes and wore a white suit and top hat. When he discovered he was dying of a "strange swamp fever" he decided to make one final record called Voodoo Scat and mixed it with a drop of his own blood.
The series 1 episode "Electro" is the first appearance of Howlin' Jimmy Jefferson. His ghost is featured in this episode and referred to as the Spirit of Jazz. In this form he looks the same as he did when he was alive but now has a number of supernatural powers and uses them to possess people such as Howard. Howard apparently made a deal with him years ago in which he would make Howard one of the greatest jazz musicians of all time. From that moment on whenever Howard played an instrument the Spirit of Jazz would possess him and make him do "strange things" such as playing the trumpet so vigorously that his clothes tore off. The story is never fully resolved, however, subsequent episodes have shown Howard playing several instruments without any implication that he is possessed by the Spirit of Jazz.
Howard later obtains the voodoo scat record that Howlin' Jimmy made and Vince eats a piece of it which causes one of Howlin' Jimmy's blood cells (referred to as the jazz cell) to try and take over Vince's body. Howard along with Lester Corncrake shrink down and enters Vince's body in an attempt to defeat the jazz cell but end up bringing it out of Vince's body with them and making it much larger. It is eventually defeated by an infected safety pin (previously used by Sid Vicious) and walks away complaining, falling over just outside the door of the Nabootique. In the form of the jazz cell, Howlin' Jimmy looks like a ball of black dreadlocks with a head and top hat.
Kirk.
Kirk is portrayed by Kirk Gaitskell-Kendrick.
Kirk is a nephew of Noel Fielding's former girlfriend Dee Plume, although Noel referred to Kirk as his own nephew. He first appeared in the 2005 episode, "Nanageddon", and later appeared in three 2007 episodes.
Kirk is a child Shaman, and a member of the Board of Shaman. He has admitted to being "an erotic adventurer of the most deranged kind" from the fourth dimension, and a "vehicular menace, mowing down all in path". Kirk is renowned by the other members of the Board of Shaman for having the greatest capacity for taking drugs. To this day Tony Harrison wonders what Kirk is looking at when he's high (as he stares off into the distance for extreme lengths of time) and is told that nobody knows. A deleted scene from "Nanageddon" reveals that Saboo trained Kirk in the ways of the Shaman.
The Moon.
The Moon is portrayed by Noel Fielding with his face covered in shaving foam. He was originally created for Fielding's 2002 stand-up show "Voodoo Hedgehog" at the Edinburgh Festival, his appearance is a tribute to/derived from Georges Méliès' A trip to the moon. He later appeared in all episodes of series two and three of "The Mighty Boosh", and in the 2006 and 2008 live shows.
The Moon talks about himself, the stars and other planets, as well as strange and often borderline incoherent things. For example, he talks about licking the Sun's back without it knowing, or the time he saw a man with a telescope. He has a variety of poems and songs. The Moon always appears to be simple-mindedly cheerful, and he is described by Tony Harrison as "an alabaster retard".
The Moon made a cameo appearance in the first episode of Noel Fielding's Luxury Comedy.
In June 2013 The Moon made an appearance in a video message at Channel 4's Comedy Gala.
Tommy Nookah.
Tommy Nookah was originally portrayed by Richard Ayoade. He appeared in the radio episode "Jungle" and later in revised form during the first series of the TV show, where he was played by Rich Fulcher rather than Ayoade. In both versions he is the previous owner of the zoo where Howard and Vince work; he is assumed by many to be dead. Howard sees him as an idol and mentor, despite Vince pointing out that he was a short, stocky character with an exceptionally wide head. Howard later enters the jungle room of the zoo to find Tommy. In the TV version Tommy has subsisted for years on nothing but cheese, and as a result his head has turned into cheese. Tommy considers himself King of the Rockers, and flies into a rage when confronted by mods.
The Parka People.
The Parka People are a diminutive race of people who wear parkas that completely obscure their features. They appear in the "Tundra" storyline and the third series episode "Party". By looking deep into the parka, one can see one's deepest desire. The Parka People typically guard the object of the Arctic quest (Egg of Mantumbi, Ruby of Kukundu, etc.). One of the Parka people appears in the stage show (played here by Noel Fielding); Howard takes a letter out from under the parka, but first he accidentally rips out its eye and sticks it back in its pocket. The parka person then states "Oh, that's where my pen went!".
Saboo.
Saboo is portrayed by Richard Ayoade. He was originally created for "Nanageddon", an episode of the second series of "The Mighty Boosh" and later appeared in three episodes of the third series, "Eels", "The Strange Tale of the Crack Fox" and "Party".
Saboo is a shaman, and a member of the Board of Shaman. He is also a DJ. He is close to Kirk but is unaware of his sexual adventurism, extreme road rage, and great capacity for drug consumption, and dislikes Tony Harrison, whom he has attempted to kill, and Naboo, whose propensity for getting in trouble with the Board of Shaman often results in Saboo attempting to make an example of him. He also frequently refers to his colleagues as 'plum(s)' and variations thereof when they act foolishly. During his first appearance, he frequently referred to 'the crunch,' criticising other characters for their lack of familiarity with it to the point of being accused of being 'obsessed with the crunch.' "The crunch", in this sense, is a high pressure moment, which is a common usage of the term in UK English. He was Kirk's tutor.
In "The Mighty Book Of Boosh", Saboo angrily tells Tony Harrison in e-mail form that he had laid down every Shaman Club Room carpet for the last 300 years.
Leroy.
Leroy is a recurring character that only ever appears on screen once in the television series when Vince creates a band which was a glam rock/folk fusion in series 1 episode 7 electro. He is said to have helped Howard edit the show's script in the series 1 episode "Tundra", cutting out the scene where Vince has the legs of a ram. Leroy also goes on secret spy skiing missions in the Alps as is mentioned in the series 3 episode "Eels". He is mentioned in the episode "Electro" as having tried to form a glam-folk-rock band with Vince. It is assumed the character shown in the following flashback is Leroy. He is played by Olly Ralfe in this short scene. He is also referred to very briefly in episode 1 of season 1 Killaroo when Vince states that Leroy had told him earlier he saw Howard dancing for Fossil in the moonlight in "little blue pants" and is later referenced in "The Ape of Death" talking to Vince on a cellphone when Howard is "haunting" him.

</doc>
<doc id="2850805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850805" title="Kamsa">
Kamsa

In Hinduism, "Kaṁsa (Sanskrit: कंस), often known as Kans"' in Hindi, is the brother of Devaki, and ruler of the Vrishni kingdom with its capital at Mathura. His father was King Ugrasena and mother was Queen Padmavati. However, out of ambition and upon the advice of his personal confidante, Banasura, Kamsa decided to overthrow his father and install himself as the King of Mathura. Therefore, upon the guidance of another advisor, Chanur, Kamsa decided to marry the two daughters of Jarasandha, King of Magadha, who was, in turn, a friend of Banasura. Their names were Asti and Prapti.
Birth.
In reality, Kamsa was not the biological son of Ugrasena. The Brhad Bhagavatamrta references the Sṛṣṭi-khaṇḍa (48–51) of the Padma Purana describing that after Padmavati's marriage with Ugrasena she stayed a short time in the house of her father, King Satyaketu. At that time a demonic messenger of Kuvera’s named Drumila (or Gobhila) became attracted to her, and by disguising himself as Ugrasena he seduced her. The child born from this illicit connection was Kaṁsa. In fact, Kamsa in his previous birth was a demon called Kalanemi,who was slain by Lord Vishnu.
Annexation of kingdom.
During his wedding in Mathura, Jarasandha brought over his army to escort the Princesses Asti and Prapti. Using the army of Magadha as his political cover, Kamsa overthrew his father after he refused to voluntarily retire from his position. This was done within the confines of the royal palace and the public was not informed. After Ugrasena failed to show up for public events, Kamsa announced his coronation.
Death.
Kamsa was told in a prophecy that the eighth child of Devaki would kill him. A loving brother, he didn't want to kill Devaki, and so instead imprisoned both Devaki and her husband, Vasudeva. In the confines of the prison, Devaki repeatedly conceived, and an enraged Kamsa murdered the first six children. The seventh child, Balarama, was saved when he was moved to Rohini's womb. The eighth child born to Devaki and Vasudeva was Krishna. Krishna was saved from Kamsa's wrath and raised by a cowherd couple, Nanda and Yasoda.
After Krishna grew up and returned to the kingdom, Kamsa was eventually killed by Krishna, as was originally predicted by the divine prophecy, and Ugrasena reinstated as King of Mathura.
Other mentions.
In his documentary "The Story of India", (a BBC production) Michael Woods tried to show a link between Kamsa and Kanishka. Kanishka was a ruler who ruled with Mathura as its capital. Although this is quite controversial and ungrounded. Mahabharata even though exists as a legend is nowhere near the period of Kanishka. Kanishka was a Buddhist and according to Hinduism, Buddha was born after Krishna.

</doc>
<doc id="2850808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850808" title="Wanted (TV series)">
Wanted (TV series)

Wanted is a 2005 American primetime police drama television series broadcast on the TNT network. The series was created by Louis St. Clair and Jorge Zamacona, and executive produced by Aaron Spelling, E. Duke Vincent and Jorge Zamacona.
Synopsis.
The show follows an elite taskforce, with members pulled from the different branches of law enforcement (DEA, United States Marshals, LAPD, ATF, FBI) as they track down Los Angeles's 100 most wanted fugitives and struggle to balance their work and personal lives.
Members of the task force include Conrad Rose (Gary Cole), the Team Leader from L.A. Metro SWAT who is considered the moral center of the unit. Jimmy McGloin (Ryan Hurst), an ATF agent and a bona fide card-carrying conservative, Carla Merced (Rashida Jones), a former Naval Intelligence officer and expert hostage negotiator. Tommy Rodriquez (Benjamín Benítez), an FBI agent not above using his good looks and charm to stop any criminal, Rodney Gronbeck (Josey Scott), an LAPD officer and a tech genius. Joe Vacco (Brendan Kelly), a DEA agent who is currently living at the team's warehouse headquarters after having getting kicked out of his own place and Eddie Drake (Lee Tergesen), an eight-year veteran of the U.S. Marshals Service and graduate of the L.A. Metro Police Academy. As the team tracks down criminals, often using unconventional (and legally questionable) methods, they discover there is a fine line between justice and the law. 
The series was canceled after the first season, at the end of a cliffhanger dealing with whether the group would be prosecuted for overstepping their bounds.

</doc>
<doc id="2850819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850819" title="Cacapon Mountain">
Cacapon Mountain

Cacapon Mountain ( ) runs northwest through Morgan and Hampshire counties in West Virginia's Eastern Panhandle, rising to its greatest elevation of above sea-level at High Point. Cacapon Mountain is a folded mountain ridge, belonging to the Appalachian Ridge and Valley Province. Cacapon Mountain spans 16 miles (26 km) NNE to the Potomac River near Great Cacapon.
From its southern point, Cacapon Mountain rises from the landscape north of Bloomery in northeastern Hampshire County. The mountain's western flank forms a series of steep hollows such as Horsebone Hollow and the hollow that bears Falling Spring Run. Beyond these hollows lies the Cacapon River which parallels the Cacapon Mountain until it joins the Potomac River. Between Bloomery and the Morgan County line, Cacapon Mountain forms the border between Hampshire and Frederick County in Virginia. While in Morgan County, the majority of Cacapon Mountain lies in Cacapon Resort State Park. The mountain forms a series of warm springs that flow from the Devonian Oriskany (Ridgeley) sandstone along the eastern flank of its anticline such as those at Berkeley Springs. Cacapon Mountain's northern end is located at the scenic Panorama Overlook off West Virginia Route 9 that overlooks three states and the confluence of the Cacapon and Potomac Rivers.

</doc>
<doc id="2850828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850828" title="Comanche language">
Comanche language

Comanche is a Uto-Aztecan language spoken by the Comanche people, who split off from the Shoshone soon after they acquired horses around 1705. The Comanche language and the Shoshoni language are therefore quite similar, although certain consonant changes in Comanche have inhibited mutual intelligibility.
The name "Comanche" comes from the Ute word ' meaning "enemy, stranger". Their own name for the language is ' which means "language of the people".
Use and revitalization efforts.
Although efforts are now being made to ensure its survival, most speakers of the language are elderly. In the late 19th century, Comanche children were placed in boarding schools where they were discouraged from speaking their native language, and even severely punished for doing so. The second generation then grew up speaking English, because of the belief that it was better for them not to know Comanche.
The Comanche language was briefly prominent during World War II. A group of seventeen young men referred to as the Comanche Code Talkers were trained and used by the U.S. Army to send messages conveying sensitive information in the Comanche language so that it could not be deciphered by the enemy.
As of July 2013, there are roughly 25-30 native speakers of the language, according to "The Boston Globe". An online class is available from the Learn Comanche organization, and the Comanche Language and Cultural Preservation Committee offers dictionaries and language learning materials. Comanche language courses are also available at the Comanche Nation College. The college is conducting a language recording project, as the language is "mostly oral," and emphasizing instruction for tribal members.
Phonology.
Vowels.
Comanche has a typical Numic vowel inventory of six vowels. In addition, there is the common diphthong . Historically, there was a certain amount of free variation between and (as shown by comparison with Shoshoni cognates), but the variation is no longer so common and most morphemes have become fixed on either or . In the following chart, the basic symbols given are in the IPA, whereas the equivalent symbols in the conventional orthography are given to the right of them, in parentheses and boldface. Note that Comanche also has voiceless vowels, but they are non-phonemic and therefore not represented in this chart. In the conventional orthography, these vowels are marked with an underline: .
Vowel length and voicing.
Comanche distinguishes vowels by length. Vowels can be either long or short. Long vowels are never devoiced and in the orthography they are represented as (aa, ee, ii, oo, uu, ɨɨ). An example of a long vowel is the (ee) in [wakaréʔee] meaning 'turtle'. Short vowels can be lengthened when they are stressed. Short vowels can be either voiced or voiceless. Unstressed short vowels are usually devoiced when /s/ or /h/ follows and optionally when word-final.
Consonants.
Comanche has a typical Numic consonant inventory. As with the vowel charts, the basic symbols given in this chart are in the IPA, whereas the equivalent symbols in the conventional orthography are given to the right of them in parentheses and boldface. 
Stress.
Comanche stress most commonly falls on the first syllable. Exceptions to this rule, such as in the words "Waʔsáasiʔ", meaning 'Osage people', and "aná", meaning 'ouch!', are marked with an acute accent. 
For the purpose of stress placement, the diphthongs /ai/, /oi/, and /ui/ act as one vowel with one mora. Additionally, possessive pronouns, which serve as proclitics, do not affect the stress of a word (so that "nʉ + námi" 'my sister' retains its stress on the /a/ in "námi"). 
Secondary stress is placed on the second syllable of a two-syllable word, the third syllable of a word with three, four, or five syllables, and the fourth syllable of a word with six syllables.
Primary stress is “marked when it is non-initial stress”. In addition, “when a pronoun is suffixed by, for instance a postposition, the pronouns dose take primary- and initia-l stress.” An example is nɨ-pia, which means my mother (my-mother). In the following data where primary stress appears it will be shown as an “acute accent.” Primary stress is found in words or compounds of three, six and five syllables. However, when primary stress is marked in a third syllable it can also be consider as a secondary stress according to Canonge’s but an “exception to this case is when both a proclitic and prefix are used.” An example of a third syllable stress is [há.bi+hu.píi.tu which means 'stopped and lay down'. Words with “five syllables have primary stress on the first syllable.” An example is which means ‘stress’. Also, words with six syllables have primary stress on the first syllable. An example is [kú.ʔi.na.kù.ʔe.tu which means ‘rosts for’.
Non-initial stress can be found in any syllable of a word that is not in the initial position and it can also fall on long vowel. Also, the “initial syllable never weekends to the point of voicelessness” 
Alternating stress occurs when there are words with three four, five and six syllables. In addition alternating stress is given “when nouns of compound are coequal, a root or stem has one-syllable suffix.” Also, prefixes or not stem-changes do not receive an indicial stress because the alternating stress “begins on the second syllable as in the following word of six syllables, following the pattern of five-syllable words.” An example is which means 'went to cut down'. An examples of alternating stress in a four, five and six syllabuses are [á.ni.múi ‘housefly’, meaning ‘louse’ and [wuh+tú.pu káʔ ‘buckle which meaning 'button’. A examples of three syllables is ìmat òʔiàt I waha=-?? twelve, which means 'two-??'.
Stress shift occurs when “verves often exhibit stylistic stress shift when occurring at the end of a breathing group.” In addition, stress moves “one syllable to the right if that syllable is voiced; otherwise it skips over the voiceless vowels to the next syllable”. An example is ‘jumped. According to Charney stress shift is caused by a suffixes-n which cause a ‘right ward shift of stress in form with the shape CVHCV or CVhV.” Examples of CVHCV is ma-toH-tíkwa-n which means ‘he hit him’ and an example of CVhv is [pahín pahi-n which means 'he fell'.
By using the form CVHCV or CVhV we can see that -h “is presented as a second or a precipitated consonant”. However, “stress dos not shift rightwards when the verb root dos not contain name="Charney1993"/> An example is [nómiʔan no-miʔa-n meaning ‘they moved camp.’ 
Morphology.
Like many languages of the Americas, Comanche can be classified as a polysynthetic language.
Nouns.
Comanche nouns are inflected for case and number, and the language possesses a dual number. Like many Uto-Aztecan languages, nouns may take an absolutive suffix. Many cases are also marked using postpositions.
Personal pronouns exist for three numbers (singular, dual, and plural) and three persons. They have different forms depending on whether or not they are the subject or object of a verb, possessive (including reflexive possessive forms), or the object of a postposition. Like many languages of the Americas, Comanche first-person plural pronouns have both inclusive and exclusive forms. 
The Comanche paradigm for nominal number suffixes is illustrated below:
Verbs.
Many of the verb stems regularly are suppletive: intransitive verbs are suppletive for singular versus plural subject and transitive verbs are suppletive for singular versus plural object. Verbs can take various affixes, including incorporated nouns before the stem. Most verb affixes are suffixes, except for voicing-changing prefixes and instrumental prefixes.
The verb stem can take a number of prefixes and suffixes. A sketch of all the elements that may be affixed to the verb is given on the right:
In addition to verbal affixes, Comanche verbs can also be augmented by other verbs. Although in principle Comanche verbs may be freely combined with other verbs, in actuality only a handful of verbs, termed auxiliary verbs, are frequently combined with others. These forms take the full range of aspectual suffixes. Common auxiliary verbs in Comanche include "hani" 'to do, make', "naha" 'to be, become', "miʔa" 'to go', and "katʉ / yʉkwi" 'to sit'. An example of how the verbs combine: "katʉ" 'to sit' + "miʔa" 'to go' = "katʉmiʔa" "to ride (and go)".
Instrumental prefixes.
As mentioned above, Comanche has a rich repertoire of instrumental prefixes, and certain verbs (termed instrumental verbs) cannot occur without an instrumental prefix. These prefixes can affect the transitivity of a verb. The Comanche instrumental prefixes are listed below:
Syntax.
Comanche parts of speech include nouns, verbs, adjectives, adverbs, pronouns, and interjections (such as "haa" 'yes' and "kee" 'no'), as well as particles. 
The word order is SOV: Subject - Object - Verb. But while the standard word order in Comanche is SOV, it can shift in two specific circumstances. The topic of a sentence, though marked with one of two particles, is often placed at the beginning of the sentence, defying the standard word order. Furthermore, the subject of a sentence is often placed second in a sentence. When the subject is also the topic, as is often the case, it ends up in the first position, preserving SOV word order; otherwise, the subject will be placed second. For example, the English sentence 'I hit the man' could be rendered in Comanche with the components in either of the following two orders: 'I' (topic) 'man' (object) 'hit' (an aspect marker) - the standard SOV word order - or 'man' (object and topic) 'I' 'hit' (an aspect marker) - an OSV word order, which accentuates the role of the man who was hit.
Switch reference.
Like other Numic languages, Comanche has switch-reference markers to handle subordination. This refers to markers which indicate whether or not a subordinate verb has the same or different subject as the main verb, and in the case of Comanche, also the temporal relation between the two verbs. 
When the verb of a subordinate clause has a different subject from the verb of the main clause, and the time of the verbs is simultaneous, the subordinate verb is marked with "-ku", and its subject is marked as if it were an object. When the time of the verbs is not simultaneous, the subordinate verb is marked with one of several affixes depending on the duration of the subordinate verb and whether it refers to an action which occurred before that described by the main verb or one which occurred after.
Writing system.
The Comanche Alphabet was developed by Dr. Alice Anderton, a linguistic anthropologist, and was adopted as the official Comanche Alphabet by the Comanche Nation in 1994. The alphabet is as follows:
In popular culture.
In the 1956 film "The Searchers", starring John Wayne, there are several badly pronounced Comanche words interspersed, such as "nawyecka" ("nooyʉka" 'move camp around') and "timoway" ("tʉmʉʉ" 'buy, trade').
In a 2013 "Boston Globe" article, linguist Todd McDaniels of Comanche Nation College commented on Johnny Depp's attempts to speak the Comanche language in the film "The Lone Ranger", saying “The words were there, the pronunciation was shaky but adequate."

</doc>
<doc id="2850829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850829" title="See You in Hell (album)">
See You in Hell (album)

See You in Hell is the debut studio album released by the British heavy metal band Grim Reaper in 1983, on the independent record label Ebony Records. The album cover was designed by Garry Sharpe-Young.
The title track was ranked No. 38 on VH1's "40 Most Awesomely Bad Metal Songs Ever" countdown.
Track listing.
All tracks by Nick Bowcott and Steve Grimmet, except "The Show Must Go On" by Bowcott and Paul DeMercado

</doc>
<doc id="2850830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850830" title="Kelly Rounds">
Kelly Rounds

Kelly Rounds, or Castle Killibury is an Iron Age hill fort in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. It is situated beside the A39 trunk road approximately two miles east of Wadebridge.
The site is north of the village of St Mabyn, approximately 300 metres east of Three Holes Cross on the border of the parish of Egloshayle. 
Radiocarbon dating has dated the occupation of Kelly Rounds to between 400 and 100 BC. More carbon dating has dated a pre-hill fort occupation as between 1250 and 950 BC.
Description.
The fort was described by Craig Weatherhill as "a bivallate Iron Age hill fort 230m in diameter. The ramparts, each about 3.0m high externally, are widely spaced and fronted by ditches (often flooded) 1.8m deep. The north side of the fort is well preserved, but to the south of the lane the defences have been ploughed almost flat. The northern half of a rectangular annexe survives on the west side of the fort, the rest was obliterated by the building of Sandylands Farm. On the opposite side of the fort cropmarks and traces of two contiguous annexes have been detected. Excavations found the inner ditch to have been cut 2.8m into the bedrock. It also showed that the earliest occupation of the site was during the 11th or 10th century BC. It is not known if this was before the defences were built. The fort has long been a leading candidate as the location of Arthur's home fort of Celliwig (along with Castle Canyke), but only two post-Roman sherds have been unearthed."
In July 2010 it was added to English Heritage's "heritage at risk register" because of ongoing deterioration.

</doc>
<doc id="2850841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850841" title="1981 in Australia">
1981 in Australia

Sport.
†=Scored under outdated scoring system.

</doc>
<doc id="2850844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850844" title="Chilean cruiser Chacabuco (1898)">
Chilean cruiser Chacabuco (1898)

The Chilean cruiser "Chacabuco" was a Protected cruiser in service with the Chilean Navy through World War I and World War II and scrapped 1947.
She was involved in the Santa María School massacre.

</doc>
<doc id="2850865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850865" title="Pocketbook">
Pocketbook

Pocketbook may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2850867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850867" title="Years of Lead">
Years of Lead

The Years of Lead were a European political phenomenon related to the Cold War, characterized by left- and right-wing terrorism and the strategy of tension. Some terrorist groups include the German Red Army Faction, and the French Action Directe. In Belgium, the "années de plomb" or "Bloody Eighties", refers to the Brabant massacres which resulted in 28 deaths. The far-right movement Westland New Post (WNP) has been suspected in this campaign. Attacks by the Communist Combatant Cells, a short-lived group, killed two. Many of the right-wing groups involved have been linked to Operation Gladio.
Film.
French "Les années de plomb", Italian "Anni di piombo", and Portuguese "Anos de chumbo", all meaning "Years of Lead", are also the French, Italian and Portuguese titles of the 1981 West German film "Die bleierne Zeit" (literally: "The Period of Lead") about the RAF period in Germany (English titles: "The German Sisters" (UK); "Marianne and Juliane" (USA)).

</doc>
<doc id="2850877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850877" title="Trial practice">
Trial practice

Trial practice is an upper level course offered in most American law schools designed to teach future litigators the fine points of presenting a case to a judge and jury. Unlike most law school courses, a trial practice class has very little discussion of substantive law, and is focused on the practical application of public speaking, narrative, and using body language to communicate a particular set of events to the triers of fact. Trial practice also contains elements of strategy, teaching students how to decide the order in which witnesses should testify, when exhibits should be introduced, and how to trap opposing witnesses into giving testimony that damages their side.
Evidence is the area of substantive law most reinforced by a trial practice course, with students learning how to apply evidence law in a real-life setting, including learning when they can object to questions asked of witnesses, what objections to raise, and how to effectively present objections.
Trial practice courses may have a classroom component. Also, trial practice courses will usually have an ongoing "lab" component where an attorney will instruct a small group of students on trial skills and assist them in honing their craft. Often, students practice against one another in mock trials throughout the course; for example, students may be divided into groups of 4, with each group containing two teams who practice against one another in mock trials. 
Rather than a final exam, the course may culminate in a mock trial with volunteer "witnesses".

</doc>
<doc id="2850879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850879" title="Application domain">
Application domain

An application domain is a mechanism (similar to a process in an operating system) used within the Common Language Infrastructure (CLI) to isolate executed software applications from one another so that they do not affect each other. Each application domain has its own virtual address space which scopes the resources for the application domain using that address space.
Properties.
A CLI application domain is contained within an operating system process. A process may contain many application domains. Application domains have isolation properties similar to that of operating system processes:
In this sense, a CLI is like a mini-operating system. It runs a single process that contains a number of sub-processes, or application domains.
The advantage of application domains is that running multiple application domains may require fewer resources, such as memory, than running multiple operating system processes. It should be noted that communication between domains still requires marshalling, so the overheads can be closer to using multiple processes than to communicating within a single domain.
Inter-domain communications.
Direct communication cannot be achieved across application domains. However, application domains can still talk to each other by passing objects via marshalling by value (unbound objects), marshaling by reference through a proxy (application-domain-bound objects). There is a third type of object called a context-bound object which can be marshalled by reference across domains and also within the context of its own application domain. Because of the verifiable type-safety of managed code, a CLI can provide fault isolation between domains at a much lower cost than an operating system process can. The static type verification used for isolation does not require the same process switches or hardware ring transitions that an operating system process requires.
Managed code.
Application domains are a purely managed code concept. Any included native/unmanaged code (e.g., C++) is largely unaware of them. Static variables seem to be shared across domains, callbacks can be problematic, and any memory corruption bugs in one domain is likely to corrupt other domains.

</doc>
<doc id="2850880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850880" title="Norman Vaughan">
Norman Vaughan

Norman Vaughan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2850881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850881" title="Higgins Lake (disambiguation)">
Higgins Lake (disambiguation)

Higgins Lake can refer to several lakes and at least one community.

</doc>
<doc id="2850886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850886" title="1934–35 Yugoslav Football Championship">
1934–35 Yugoslav Football Championship

The 1934–35 Yugoslav Football Championship (Serbo-Croato-Slovenian: Državno prvenstvo 1934/35 / Државно првенство 1934/35) was the 12th season of Kingdom of Yugoslavia's premier football competition.
Top scorers.
Final goalscoring position, number of goals, player/players and club.
Champions.
BSK Belgrade (Coach:Josef Uridil)

</doc>
<doc id="2850890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850890" title="Camp Red Cloud">
Camp Red Cloud

Camp Red Cloud (commonly referred to as CRC) is a United States Army camp located in the city of Uijeongbu, between Seoul and the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ). The installation was renamed after Medal of Honor recipient Corporal Mitchell Red Cloud, Jr. on Armed Forces Day, May 18, 1957 from its earlier name of Camp Jackson (which continues as the name of another post just south of CRC).
Camp Red Cloud covers over of land in the northwestern edge of the city of Uijeongbu and serves as the Headquarters of 2nd Infantry Division (United States).
Camp Red Cloud is the home of an array of military units including but not limited to the following. 55th MP company, Air Force TACP unit (604th Air Support Operations Squadron), U.S. Army explosive ordnance disposal detachment (late 1990s), Division command staff, hospital staff, finance staff, ROK/KATUSA headquarters, etc. D-company and HQ-company 122d Signal Battalion were officially retired in 2005 and the remaining soldiers were combined to form the new Division Special Troops Battalion. This is currently the largest unit on the camp. It is a support battalion made up of A CO (signal company), HHSC (division headquarters company), 2X (division administrative company), and the 2nd Infantry Division Band.
In the summer of 1998, the region of South Korea where CRC lies was subjected to severe rains that caused deadly flooding and damage to CRC. Although no US service members lost their lives during the floods, many Korean nationals and domestic livestock perished in the flood waters. A large portion of the hill behind CRC washed away. A massive mudslide devastated the southern half of CRC. For weeks, Camp Red Cloud went without a main PX as it was destroyed by the floods. Several barracks (officer quarters) were leveled in the destruction along with the golf Pro Shop located adjacent to the helipad. The 2ID museum also suffered severe damage in the torrent of mud and water.
Camp Red Cloud has also been the site of various protests and demonstrations against the US presence in Korea. The largest such protest was in 2002 when Korean protesters tossed molotov cocktails and cut holes in the fences around the post. This demonstration was in reaction to the Yangju highway incident in which a US military vehicle had run over 2 school girls. Fences around the post have since been replaced with concrete walls.
Current commander is COL John M. Scott.

</doc>
<doc id="2850900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850900" title="B-Unique Records">
B-Unique Records

B-Unique Records is a London-based record label, founded in 2001 by Mark Lewis and Martin Toher.
B-Unique has been a division of Atlantic Records UK since February 2008. However, its existing roster such as Kaiser Chiefs and The Twang remains a distribution deal with Universal Music Group.

</doc>
<doc id="2850909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850909" title="Březňák">
Březňák

Březňák is a pilsner-type beer produced by Drinks Union in Ústí nad Labem, Czech Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="2850912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850912" title="1984 NHL Entry Draft">
1984 NHL Entry Draft

The 1984 NHL Entry Draft took place on June 9, 1984, at the Montreal Forum in Montreal, Quebec.
The 1984 Entry Draft was noted for the unusually high number of future Hall of Famers picked, particularly in lower rounds. In addition to Mario Lemieux being taken first overall, Patrick Roy was chosen in the third round, Brett Hull in the sixth, and Luc Robitaille in the ninth. In addition, Lemieux, Gary Suter and Robitaille would all go on to win the Calder Trophy, Lemieux in 1985, Suter in 1986, and Robitaille in 1987, making this a rare draft in which multiple Rookie of the Year winners were produced.
The surprise at the time of the draft was Montreal's selection of Petr Svoboda at fifth-overall, instead of Shayne Corson (who ended up selected by the same Canadiens three picks later following a trade). As a player trained behind the Iron Curtain, very few people expected him to be available for selection in the draft, let alone be actually be attending the draft and coming to the podium when his name was announced, as he had only recently defected to West Germany following the 1984 WJHC (only Serge Savard, the then-GM of the Canadiens, had been aware of Svoboda's defection).
In addition to Svoboda, of note is that Tom Glavine, playing centre in high school, who later became a star Major League Baseball pitcher with more than 300 career wins, was chosen in the fourth round (69th overall) by the Los Angeles Kings, ahead of notable players such as future Hall of Famer Hull (117th overall), and Robitaille (171st overall).
Selections by round.
Below are listed the selections in the 1984 NHL Entry Draft. Club teams are located in North America unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="2850941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850941" title="Mary Richard">
Mary Richard

Mary Richard, (June 7, 1940 – September 9, 2010) was an aboriginal activist and politician in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.
Richard was born to a Métis family in Camperville, Manitoba. She has long been active in promoting language retention, housing, training, cultural awareness and business enterprise among and for Manitoba's aboriginal population. She became the director of the Manitoba Association of Native Languages in the 1980s, and held this position for almost a decade. In 1997, she was appointed by Winnipeg Mayor Susan Thompson to co-chair the North Main Task Force, examining social problems in north Winnipeg's aboriginal community.
She was the first Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Thunderbird House in north Winnipeg, which opened its doors in 2000. Although this was intended as a tourist destination, it soon became primarily a social outreach centre for the many low-income persons living in the area. Under Richard's leadership, Thunderbird House became active in programs to assist aboriginal youth escape solvent abuse, gang life and the sex trade.
Richard was also a president of the Aboriginal Council of Winnipeg, and a former executive director of the Indian and Métis Friendship Centre of Winnipeg. She also owned the Teepee Restaurant in Winnipeg. In 2000, she was admitted to the Order of Manitoba.
She campaigned for the Progressive Conservative Party of Manitoba in the 1999 provincial election, in the constituency of Point Douglas. Richard's campaign was part of an effort by Gary Filmon's government to increase its profile in the aboriginal community. She received 1224 votes (19.56%), an improvement over previous Conservative candidacies in the area. The winner was George Hickes of the New Democratic Party.
The following year, Richard crossed to the Liberal Party of Canada and ran as that party's candidate in Winnipeg North Centre for the 2000 federal election. In explaining this move, Richard told a "Winnipeg Free Press" reporter that she had long supported the Progressive Conservatives at the provincial level and the Liberals at the federal level. She received 6,755 votes, finishing second against New Democrat Judy Wasylycia-Leis.
She died on September 9, 2010, while undergoing treatment after a kidney transplant.

</doc>
<doc id="2850942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850942" title="Future Farmer Records">
Future Farmer Records

Future Farmer Records is an independent record label based in San Francisco, California.
Inspired by skateboarding culture Future Farmer was founded in 1996 by San Joaquin Valley natives Jeff Klindt and Dennis Mitchell. 
Former label member M. Ward remains the label's biggest commercial success to date.

</doc>
<doc id="2850946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850946" title="Final examination">
Final examination

A final examination, annual, exam, or final is a test given to students at the end of a course of study or training. Although the term can be used in the context of physical training, it most often occurs in the academic world. Most high schools, colleges, and universities run final exams at the end of a particular academic term, typically a quarter or semester, or more traditionally at the end of a complete degree course.
Isolated purpose and common practice.
The purpose of the test is to make a final review of the topics covered and assessment of each student's knowledge of the subject. A final is technically just a greater form of a "unit test". They have the same purpose, finals are just bigger. Not all courses or curricula culminate in a final exam; instructors may assign a term paper or final project in some courses. The weighting of the final exam also varies. It may be the largest -— or only -— factor in the student's course grade; in other cases, it may carry the same weight as a midterm exam, or the student may be exempted. Not all finals need be cumulative, however, as some simply cover the material presented since the last exam. For example, a microbiology course might only cover fungi and parasites on the final exam if this were the policy of the professor, and all other subjects presented in the course would then not be tested on the final exam.
Prior to the examination period most students in the Commonwealth have a week or so of intense revision and study known as swotvac.
In the UK, most universities hold a single set of “Finals” at the end of the entire degree course. In Australia, the exam period varies, with high schools commonly assigning one or two weeks for final exams, but the university period—sometimes called “exam week” or just “exams”—may stretch to a maximum of three weeks.
Practice varies widely in the United States; “finals” or the “finals period” at the university level constitutes two or three weeks after the end of the academic term, but sometimes exams are administered in the last week of instruction. Some institutions designate a "study week" or "reading period" between the end of instruction and the beginning of finals, during which no examinations may be administered. Students at many institutions know the week before finals as “dead week”. most final exam incorporate the reading material that has been assigned throughout the term.
Though common in French tertiary institutions, final exams are not often assigned in French high schools. However, French high school students hoping to continue their studies at university level will sit a national exam, known as the Baccalauréat.
In some countries and locales that hold standardised exams, it is customary for schools to administer mock examinations, with formats modelling the real exam. Students from different schools are often seen exchanging mock papers as a means of test preparation.
Take-home finals.
A take-home final is an examination at the end of an academic term that is usually too long or complex to be completed in a single session as an in-class final. There is usually a deadline for completion, such as within one or two weeks of the end of the semester. A take-home final differs from a final paper, often involving research, extended texts and display of data.
Schedule.
Often, schools will run on a modified schedule for final exams to allow students more time to do their exams.

</doc>
<doc id="2850955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850955" title="Julian Stone">
Julian Stone

Julian Stone (born 31 December 1962) is an English actor.
Stone was born in Hockley, Essex. He is best known for his role as Jerry Jacks on the soap opera "General Hospital" from April 1998 until December 1999. Stone also portrayed vampire Barnabas Collins in a 1988 Off-Broadway play of "Dark Shadows".
He also played Derek Hammond in the 2002 Dualstar movie "When in Rome".
In October 2003, Stone took over for Justin Carroll as David Hastings on "Passions" while Carroll was on paternity leave.
He has been married to Barbara Blatz since 1987 and they have two children together.

</doc>
<doc id="2850959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850959" title="Makhzen">
Makhzen

Makhzen (Moroccan Arabic: ) is the governing institution in Morocco and in pre-1957 Tunisia, centered around the king and consisting of royal notables, top-ranking military personnel, security service bosses,civil servants and other well-connected members of the establishment.
Etymology.
The word "makhzen" literally means "warehouse" (from "ḵazana" ‘store up.’), where the king's civil servants used to receive their wages; but this usage of the word became in Moroccan Arabic synonymous with the elite. It is likely a metonymy related to taxes, which the "makhzen" used to collect; the term may also refer to the state, but this usage is increasingly rare and is primarily used by the older generation. Recently, the term is also being used to describe the police. 
The word has also been adopted into Spanish, Portuguese with a different meaning, as "almacén" and "armazem" (with addition of the Arabic article "al-"), and into French and Italian as "magasin" (meaning "store") and "magazzino". It came into the English language from Middle French as "magazine", originally referring to a storehouse for ammunition and later to publications.
Makhzen in Morocco.
The Makhzen is a very ancient notion in Morocco, it roughly coincides with the notion of the ancien feudalist state predating The French protectorate. Resident-General General Lyautey (in office 1912-25) a fervent proponent of indirect colonisation, especially in Berber-speaking areas, kept that role and even enhanced it by given an important role to local notables such as T'hami El Glaoui, to act as a relay between the population and the French authorities to govern the country.

</doc>
<doc id="2850967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850967" title="Adisumarmo International Airport">
Adisumarmo International Airport

Adi Sumarmo International Airport is an airport in Solo, Central Java, Indonesia. It is located 14 km north of the city.
It was the sole international level airport in Southern Central Java, until the upgrading of the Adisucipto International Airport in Yogyakarta and the Achmad Yani International Airport in Semarang.
On 28 January 2008, the airport was closed to all commercial traffic for several hours while the body of former Indonesian President Suharto was transported from Jakarta's Halim Perdanakusuma International Airport.
On 2 March 2009, operations moved to the new terminal.
Ground transportation.
Bus.
Shuttle airport bus are serving several destination from Adisumarmo International Airport, currently it serves by a bus operator, "Damri".
Car and taxi.
Various taxi and shuttle services are provided by numerous service providers.

</doc>
<doc id="2850968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850968" title="Lowdham">
Lowdham

Lowdham is a village and civil parish in Nottinghamshire between Nottingham and Southwell. It is in the Newark and Sherwood district, and at the 2001 census, had a population of 2,832. The dual carriageway to the north and Doncaster cuts the village in two.
Origin of the name.
Lowdham means "village by the loud stream", from Old English "hlud" "loud" and "ham" "village, homestead". The name was recorded as Lideheme in 1046, suggesting Old English "hlid" "slope" as the first element, with Old Norse "heimr" (as in Blenheim), cognate with Old English "ham" "homestead, village".
History.
The old church and the castle mound are to the west of the bypass. St Mary's Church, Lowdham dates back to before the 14th century.
To the north east of the bypass is Lowdham Mill. There is now little sign of the frame knitting industry that was important in this area in the 19th century. In 1844 there were 94 stocking frames working in Lowdham.
Amenities.
Lowdham railway station is on the Nottingham to Lincoln Line. Two miles from the railway station is HMP Lowdham Grange.
Village pubs are The Railway, The Magna Carta, The Worlds End (formally The Plough and still located on Plough Lane) and The Old Ship which is the only remaining village pub with a lounge and bar layout.
Bus services.
Nottingham City Transport
AOT Coaches

</doc>
<doc id="2850981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850981" title="Rigaud Duplan">
Rigaud Duplan

Joseph Rigaud Duplan was a 2006 candidate for president of Haiti running for the political party Plate-forme Justice pour la Paix et le Development National (JPDN). He was the most popular of the candidates in Haiti who did not advertise on TV or radio. Currently he works as an attorney in his own law office in Port-au-Prince.

</doc>
<doc id="2850982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850982" title="Frucor">
Frucor

Frucor is a Japanese-owned beverage company operating in Australasia, and headquartered in Auckland, New Zealand. The company is well known for its V energy drink launched in 1997, which is sold across the world including Europe, South Africa and Argentina. Frucor's product, V, is considered a rival of Red Bull's. 
History.
Frucor was founded by New Zealand Apple and Pear Board in 1962 and released their first product, Fresh Up. In 1978, New Zealand Olympic track runner John Walker endorsed the Fresh Up product, with the catchphrase "Fresh Up – it's got to be good for you'". Frucor was owned by New Zealand Apple and Pear Board until 1998, when it was purchased for $50 million by Pacific Equity Partners. In 1999 Frucor became the exclusive bottler for Pepsi products in New Zealand. In 2000 Frucor launched V in the UK and Ireland manufactured in the Netherlands. 
In 2001, "Forbes" named Frucor in its Top 20 Companies of 2002. In January 2002, Groupe Danone purchased Frucor for $294 million after bidding since October 2001 and being rejected by Frucor in the beginning. That same year, Frucor acquired the Australian fruit juice company Spring Valley from Bonlac Foods (now Fonterra). 
In 2007, Frucor partnered with MySpace to host a job promotions campaign with participants "Rolling Stone", Billabong. The collaboration with MySpace and the job promoters was the first of its type in Australia. In October 2008, Groupe Danone sold Frucor to Japanese company Suntory for over €600 million. 
In January 2011, Frucor launched the V brand in Spain, where by June, was already being sold in 8,000 outlets.
In 2013, Frucor sponsored the IGN Australia Black Beta Select Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="2850988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850988" title="John Erskine, 1st Baron Erskine of Rerrick">
John Erskine, 1st Baron Erskine of Rerrick

John Maxwell Erskine, 1st Baron Erskine of Rerrick, GBE, KStJ, DL, JP, FRSE (14 December 1893 – 14 December 1980). He was Governor of Northern Ireland from 1964 to 1968.
Lord Erskine was born in Kirkcudbright, the son of John and Maryanne Erskine, and was educated at Kirkcudbright Academy and the University of Edinburgh.
He was General Manager of the Commercial Bank of Scotland from 1932 to 1953, and a director from 1951 to 1969.
He married Henrietta Dunnett in 1922 and they had 1 son and 1 daughter.
Sources.
The International Who's Who, 1980–81

</doc>
<doc id="2850997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850997" title="Pik">
Pik

Pik may refer to:

</doc>
