<doc id="2932249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932249" title="Stormy Weather (novel)">
Stormy Weather (novel)

Stormy Weather is a 1995 novel by Carl Hiaasen. It takes place in the chaotic aftermath of Hurricane Andrew in South Florida, including insurance scams, street fights, hunt for food and shelter, corrupt bureaucracy, ravaged environment and disaster tourists.
Plot.
Young newlyweds Max and Bonnie Lamb, on their honeymoon at Walt Disney World in Orlando, are taken aback by news of a hurricane making landfall in South Florida. To Bonnie's surprise, Max is possessed by a fervent desire to visit the disaster scene after it has passed through.
Once they arrive, Bonnie is appalled to see Max hopping through hurricane debris and gutted houses with his video camera, treating the devastation as a tourist attraction. She stalks away from him to regain her temper, and is not present when Max is snatched up by "Skink," an ex-governor of Florida now living wild in the Florida country, who attempts to teach him some manners and respect for nature (partly through the use of a shock collar).
At the same time, con artist Edie Marsh, and her sometime partner, an ex-convict nicknamed "Snapper," travel to the hurricane zone to work a personal injury scam. Unfortunately for them, the house they pick belongs to mobile home salesman Tony Torres. A bit sharper than the average hurricane victim, Torres quickly sees through them and takes them hostage with a shotgun. Instead of killing them, he invites them in on his own scam: he's expecting a large settlement from the insurance company, but needs his estranged wife Neria's signature to collect. If Edie poses as the wife, Tony can cut out his real wife, and Edie gets a slice of the take.
Meanwhile, after searching fruitlessly for Max, Bonnie is befriended by Augustine Herrera, an independent young man who is roaming the county in a half-futile search for a menagerie of exotic animals loosed from his deceased uncle's wildlife farm by the hurricane (these animals appear throughout the novel in various bizarre ways). 
Edie and Snapper's promising new scam falls apart when Tony Torres is abducted from under their noses and murdered by Ira Jackson, a mob enforcer whose mother lived in one of Torres's sub-standard trailer homes and was killed during the hurricane. After unceremoniously parting ways, each of them discovers a new angle to work: Edie seduces the insurance adjuster, Fred Dove, sent to the Torres home, and convinces him to help her pose as Neria for the insurance payoff. Snapper, meanwhile, partners with Avila, an egregiously corrupt building inspector, to run a phony roofing company and con as much money as possible out of desperate homeowners.
While working the scam, Snapper does two things with long-term consequences: he manages to score a $7,000 cash "deposit" from the dim-witted wife of construction mogul Gar Whitmark; later, when pulled over for a routine traffic stop, he ambushes and savagely beats Highway Patrol Trooper Brenda Rourke, who happens to be the girlfriend of Skink's best friend, Trooper Jim Tile. In the process, he steals Rourke's service weapon, a .357 revolver. Growing bored with the roofing scam, Snapper returns to the Torres house, and blackmails Edie and Fred into letting him in on their insurance scam by posing as the now-deceased Tony Torres.
Ira Jackson's next targets Avila, the inspector who approved his mother's trailer court, sight unseen. However, Avila is rescued at the last second by an escaped African lion, that pounces on Jackson and eats him. Avila's problems do not end there, however, when a wrathful Gar Whitmark tracks the phony roofing scam back to him, and threatens to expose Avila unless Avila pays him back the money Snapper stole, plus the cost of replacing Whitmark's roof.
Skink eventually arranges to hand Max over to Bonnie, and announces that his next order of business is to track down the man who hurt Brenda.
Bonnie has become attracted to Augustine, and at the same time aware of Max's less attractive qualities. When Augustine volunteers to help Skink in his new mission, Bonnie impulsively decides to stay in Florida and go along. Max, preoccupied with a new crisis at his job, flies back to New York without her.
The three track the car Snapper was driving when he assaulted Trooper Rourke back to the Torres house, where they see something bizarre. Yet another of Torres' disgruntled former customers has shown up looking to get even. This time it is Levon Stichler, an elderly man enraged by the loss of his home (and his deceased wife's ashes) in the hurricane. Snapper, thinking Stichler is an insurance agent, identifies himself as Torres, only to be attacked with a metal spike in return. The two quickly realize that both have made a mistake. 
Fearful that the scam will be exposed, Snapper quickly concocts a plan to drive Stichler south and dump him at a hotel in the Florida Keys. As he and Edie are loading Stichler into a stolen Jeep Cherokee, Skink chooses to intervene, and both he and Bonnie are likewise taken hostage by Snapper using Trooper Rourke's stolen gun. Augustine misses the abduction as he had left the pair to retrieve a weapon from his truck, but quickly deduces what must have happened when he finds everyone missing upon return. By hitting the redial button on the house phone, he learns of their hotel destination in the Keys and notifies Jim Tile. 
Tile catches up to the Jeep on the highway and begins to shadow it, but loses the tail when he gets cut off by an opening draw bridge. The sudden involvement of three more unwanted people into the scam has put Snapper on edge and soon his nerves begin to fray. He and Edie argue during the drive and the deteriorating situation is punctuated by Snapper shooting a hole in the roof of the Jeep. Snapper forces them to stop at a liquor store to get him a bottle of whiskey, making the situation even worse. However, it delays him long enough for Augustine to reach the hotel ahead of him. 
Upon reaching the hotel, Snapper checks Stichler into a room. To make sure he stays there for at least a couple days, Snapper has hired a pair of prostitutes to keep him "entertained". Unknown to Snapper, the two women blabbed their part in the plan to Avila earlier in the day, and he has also come to the Hotel, demanding Snapper fix the fallout from the roofing scam. Snapper chases Avila away, forcing him to jump off a bridge into the ocean. Augustine uses this opportunity to conceal himself inside the getaway Jeep with a tranquilizer gun. When Snapper and the rest of the hostages return and attempt to leave, Jim Tile arrives and is immediately shot by Snapper, but survives thanks to a bulletproof vest. 
Convinced he's killed Tile, Snapper decides to dump the Jeep and transfers everyone to a Cadillac he carjacks at gunpoint from a convenience store parking lot. Augustine emerges from hiding and follows them in the Jeep. Catching up, he manages to steer alongside and shoot Snapper through the window with a tranquilizer dart that quickly renders him unconscious. 
Knowing that Tile's shooting will bring the police out in full force, the party abandons the vehicles and retreats into the Crocodile Lake National Wildlife Refuge to wait until the coast is clear. Around a campfire that night, Skink enacts revenge on Snapper for his actions against both Rourke and Tile before knocking him out with another tranquilizer dart. Skink decides that Edie deserves a second chance but Snapper is irredeemable. Edie, Bonnie and Augustine are led back to civilization by Skink while Snapper is left to fend for himself in the wild.
Characters.
Minor Characters.
"(many of these characters are one-off characters, appearing only in brief vignettes, illustrating Hiaasen's overriding theme of the chaos unleashed by the Hurricane)"

</doc>
<doc id="2932253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932253" title="Filter factor">
Filter factor

In photography, filter factor refers to the multiplicative amount of light a filter blocks.
Converting between filter factors and stops.
The table below illustrates the relationship between filter factor, the amount of light that is allowed through the filter, and the number of stops this corresponds to.
Calculating exposure increase.
The number of f-stops required to correct the exposure with a given filter may also be calculated using the formula:
where the exponent "X" is the number of f-stop increases required.
An example: A deep red filter with a filter factor of 8
The normal exposure will be increased by three stops with this filter. As a consequence of this relationship, filter factors should be "multiplied" together when such filters are stacked, as opposed to stop adjustments, which should be added together.
Filter factors for common filters.
The table below gives approximate filter factors for a variety of common photographic filters. It is important to note that filter factors are highly dependent on the spectral response curve of the film being used. Thus, filter factors provided by the film manufacturer should be preferred over the ones documented below. Furthermore, note well that these factors are for daylight color temperature (5600K); when shooting under a different color temperature of ambient light, these values will most likely be incorrect.

</doc>
<doc id="2932255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932255" title="William J. MacDonald (writer and producer)">
William J. MacDonald (writer and producer)

William J. MacDonald is an American film and television writer and producer.
MacDonald is a graduate of Georgetown University, and has a law degree from Fordham University in New York. With a background in international trade and business affairs, MacDonald eventually rose to run the famed Hollywood Producer Robert Evans' production company at Paramount Pictures.
MacDonald is responsible for producing such films as "Sliver", "Jade", "An Occasional Hell", "Rough Riders", "Molly" and "One Man's Hero". He has also written for the TNT series, "Witchblade", which ran from 2001-2002.
MacDonald was also a co-creator of the HBO original series Rome (in association of the BBC) along with Bruno Heller and John Milius. MacDonald served as a writer and executive producer on the series.
MacDonald is also currently writing a screenplay based on Iris Chang's bestselling novel "The Rape of Nanking".
"Rome" episodes.
Episodes written by MacDonald include:

</doc>
<doc id="2932256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932256" title="Vyacheslav Kozlov">
Vyacheslav Kozlov

Vyacheslav Anatolevich "Slava" Kozlov (; born May 3, 1972) is a Russian professional ice hockey left winger who plays for Spartak Moscow of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL). Kozlov is a two-time Stanley Cup champion (1997, 1998) from his years playing with the Detroit Red Wings. He has also played for the Buffalo Sabres and Atlanta Thrashers. In February 2011, he left HC CSKA Moscow, with whom he had signed a one-year deal, to join playoff-bound Salavat Yulaev Ufa. He joined Spartak Moscow for the 2012–13 season.
Playing career.
Detroit Red Wings.
Kozlov was drafted 45th overall by the Detroit Red Wings in the 1990 NHL Entry Draft. Kozlov made his NHL debut on March 12, 1992, recording two assists in Detroit's 5–4 win over the St. Louis Blues. He became a regular player with Detroit in the 1993–94 NHL season. After the Red Wings acquired Igor Larionov in 1995, coach Scotty Bowman created a 5–man Russian unit (the "Russian Five") consisting of forwards Kozlov, Sergei Fedorov and Igor Larionov, and defensemen Vladimir Konstantinov and Viacheslav Fetisov. This group helped Detroit to a Stanley Cup win in 1997. Kozlov was also a contributing member of the team during their second consecutive Stanley Cup run in 1998.
Buffalo Sabres.
Kozlov played for Detroit until the summer of 2001, when he was traded to the Buffalo Sabres in a trade that put Dominik Hašek in a Red Wings jersey. After one injury-shortened season in Buffalo, Kozlov was traded to the Atlanta Thrashers.
Atlanta Thrashers.
Kozlov served some games as team captain due to captain rotation while spent his first season in Atlanta until Shawn McEachern was announced the only team captain for the rest of the 2002/03 season in February.
Since the inception of the shootout into NHL play in 2005, Kozlov has been known as the league's best scorer in the shootouts as of the end of season 08-09.
Kozlov played his 1,000th NHL game on December 26, 2007, against the Columbus Blue Jackets and his former Russian Five teammate, Sergei Fedorov. After scoring only 41 points during the 2007–08 season, many thought his scoring touch had disappeared. However, he bounced back in 2008–09 with one of the best seasons of his career, scoring 26 goals and 76 points.
Kozlov re-signed with the Atlanta Thrashers on July 4, 2007, with a three-year, $11–million contract with no trade clause. Rick Dudley announce that they would not re-sign Kozlov for the 2010-11 NHL season.
KHL.
In 2010, Kozlov signed a 1-year deal with HC CSKA Moscow. In February 2011 Kozlov left CSKA to join playoff-bound Salavat Yulaev Ufa. He participated in the team's final four regular season games and all of its playoff contests. Ufa's star-studded team advanced to the KHL finals and captured the Gagarin Cup, beating Atlant Moscow Oblast 4 games to 1.
On May 19, 2011, he signed a one-year contract with HC Dynamo Moscow, with whom he won his second Gagarin Cup.
Kozlov joined HC Spartak Moscow late in the 2012–13 season, playing in just 13 games. On March 19, 2013, he signed a one-year extension with the team.
International play.
Kozlov has participated in nine international tournaments for the Soviet Union/Russia:

</doc>
<doc id="2932281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932281" title="Rod Hood">
Rod Hood

Roderick "Rod" Hood (born October 3, 1981 in Columbus, Georgia) is an American football cornerback for the St. Louis Rams of the National Football League. He was signed by the Philadelphia Eagles as an undrafted free agent in 2003. He played college football for the Auburn Tigers at Auburn University.
Hood has also been a member of the Arizona Cardinals, Cleveland Browns, Chicago Bears, and Tennessee Titans.
Early years.
Hood attended Carver High School in Columbus, Georgia and was a letterman in football, basketball, and track. In track, his 4x100 relay team went to the state finals, and he helped lead the basketball team to the state finals.
College career.
Hood played college football at Auburn University and played in 47 games (18 starts) and finished his career with five interceptions and 106 tackles. He was also a star return specialist, returning 51 punts for 571 yards (11.2 yards per punt return) and averaged 19.9 yards on kick returns.
Professional career.
Pre-draft.
Height: 5-11. Weight: 198. 40 Yard Dash: 4.47; Bench Press: 13; Vertical Jump: 34"; Broad Jump: 10'5"
Philadelphia Eagles.
Hood signed as an undrafted free agent with the Philadelphia Eagles in 2003. He signed a three-year $910,000 contract with the Eagles and as a rookie he tied for fifth on the Eagles in special teams tackles with 21. As the nickel cornerback, he recorded four tackles and recovered a fumble and recorded his first career interception. Hood finished 2004 with 32 tackles and a team-high three fumble recoveries on defense. Following an injury to starter Lito Sheppard, Hood worked his way into the starting lineup in 2005 where he had three interceptions and 41 tackles and was named to USA Today’s “2005 All-Joe” team. In 2006 he played ten games with four starts and recorded 18 tackles after he signed a one-year, $1.573 million tender to remain with the Eagles for the 2006 season.
Arizona Cardinals.
Following the 2006 season, Hood left the Eagles in free agency and signed a five-year $15 million contract with the Arizona Cardinals where he was the starting cornerback in 2007 and 2008. In the 2007 season, Hood had his best season with five interceptions and two of them were returned for touchdowns. Hood started all 16 games and his 196 return yards on five interceptions were second best in the NFL this season behind Antrel Rolle’s 231 return yards. In 2008 Hood played 15 games with 14 starts and intercepted one pass as the Arizona Cardinals advanced to the Super Bowl.
Hood was released by the Cardinals on April 28, 2009. Hood signed with the Cleveland Browns and later signed with the Chicago Bears during the offseason, but failed to make either team's final 53-man roster.
Tennessee Titans.
Hood was signed by the Tennessee Titans on October 15, 2009. In his first two games with the Titans, Hood recorded 6 tackles and 1 interception for 17 yards on November 1, 2009 against the Jacksonville Jaguars.
During preparations for the 2010 season Hood tore his ACL and was placed on injured reserve for the remainder of the season. He became a free agent at the end of the season.
St. Louis Rams.
On September 27, 2011, Hood signed with the St. Louis Rams.

</doc>
<doc id="2932288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932288" title="Mississippi Veterans Memorial Stadium">
Mississippi Veterans Memorial Stadium

Mississippi Veterans Memorial Stadium is an outdoor football stadium in Jackson, Mississippi, USA. Veterans Memorial Stadium is the home field of the Jackson State University Tigers. The stadium was originally known as War Veterans Memorial Stadium then later as Hinds County War Memorial Stadium before finally being christened with its current moniker. The stadium also plays host to the Mississippi High School Activities Association state championship football games every fall and other special events. In the past it has served as an alternate home stadium for The University of Mississippi, Mississippi State University, and the University of Southern Mississippi. From 1973-1990 the Egg Bowl was played there. In addition to college games it has hosted several NFL preseason games.
History.
Construction on the facility began in early 1949 and it opened in 1950 with a seating capacity of 21,000. By 1953 temporary seating had brought the capacity up to 25,000 and in 1961 the stadium was expanded to hold 46,000 and in 1981 it underwent an expansion that brought total capacity to 62,512, although subsequent renovations dropped the current seating to the official 60,492 seats. In 1960 the state legislature took over control of the stadium and it remain under their supervision until 2013 when "operational, administrative and managing powers and duties" were transferred to Jackson State University.
The stadium hosted its first football game on December 9, 1950, a contest between Holmes Junior College Bulldogs and the Kilgore College Rangers of Kilgore, Texas. A crowd of 18,000 saw Holmes fall to the visiting Rangers 32-12. The first Division I-A game took place on November 11, 1952, when Southern Mississippi defeated Louisville 55-26. Ole Miss first played their first game there on September 19, 1953, defeating Chattanooga 39-6, and on Halloween day of that same year, Mississippi State played there for the first time, suffering a 20-27 loss to Texas Tech. Current tenant Jackson State's first game at the stadium was an October 1967 contest versus Grambling State. JSU won that game 20-14
From the 1960s through the 1990s, Ole Miss (The University of Mississippi), Mississippi State and Southern Miss regularly played selected "home" games there, including "SEC doubleheader Saturdays" in which one school would host a conference opponent in the morning or afternoon and the other would host a conference opponent at night. Notably, the annual Egg Bowl contests between Ole Miss and Mississippi State were held there from 1973 through the 1990 contest, after which the game returned to the two schools' respective campuses. Shortly after the 1980 expansion, however, both Ole Miss and Mississippi State decided to enhance their on-campus facilities to develop the same home-field advantage of their fellow Southeastern Conference members, and gradually stopped playing games in Jackson altogether. The last game played there by an SEC school was a blowout win by Ole Miss over Division I-AA VMI in 1996; the Rebels' last conference game at Jackson was a 1993 win over Arkansas. Mississippi State's last home game at Jackson was a 34-22 victory over LSU in 1990 and their last game of any sort there was the 1990 Egg Bowl where they lost to the Rebels 21-9 playing as the visiting team. Southern Miss made regular appearances as well, playing both UM and MSU as well as games against such schools as Texas A&M (which joined the SEC in 2012) The Golden Eagles played their final home game there in 1988, a 38-21 win over Mississippi State.
From 2000-2004 Veterans Memorial was home of the renewed Backyard Brawl between Millsaps College and Mississippi College. On September 2, 2000, after a 40 year hiatus, the two schools resumed their football series and in front of a reported crowd of 10,200 spectators Millsaps defeated Mississippi College 20-19.
The stadium was also host to the annual Capital City Classic between Jackson State and Alcorn State University, both of the Southwestern Athletic Conference, from 1993-2010. Starting in 2011 the game began to alternate between Veterans Memorial Stadium and Alcorn State's home field, Jack Spinks Stadium, in Lorman, Mississippi when The Braves exercised the their right as the home to host the game on their campus. In a document published on the Alcorn State website University President M. Christopher Brown II and interim athletic director Dwayne White informally dubbed the game the "Soul Bowl”.
Future.
The facility faces an uncertain future. Both of the stadium's two current tenants, Jackson State and the Mississippi High School Activities Association have proposed leaving the facility.
In the spring of 2013 Jackson State unveiled a proposal for a 50,000 seat, $200 million domed stadium that would also house the Tigers' basketball team, host concerts, and host special events. In addition to seating 50,000 for football, it would hold 17,000 for basketball and 21,000 for concerts and include 75 sky boxes for rental. The JSU Sports Hall of Fame will be located on the first floor. Should JSU relinquish control of the stadium, the University of Mississippi Medical Center has expressed interest in using the property to build a medical research and treatment "city" in the area. If Jackson State were to build a stadium either on or close to its campus UMMC would regain ownership of the old facility and it could be razed.
In January 2014 Mississippi High School Activities Association officials began to discuss the possibility of leaving Veterans Memorial Stadium, which has hosted the championships since 1992, and rotating the games from year-to-year between the campuses of Mississippi State, Ole Miss and Southern Miss. 
Other events.
The stadium has also been home to numerous concerts, one of note being New Kids on the Block at the height of their fame. The 1993 Drum Corps International World Championships were held there as well.
See also.
Egg Bowl<br>
Magnolia Bowl

</doc>
<doc id="2932322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932322" title="Dave Jones (drummer)">
Dave Jones (drummer)

Dave Jones is an early hardcore punk drummer known for his work with Agnostic Front on their highly regarded debut album "Victim in Pain". Allmusic.com states that "Victim in Pain" was career-defining and confirmed AF's status as leaders of the NY hardcore movement. A review of the album on allmusic states that the album "arguably remains the ultimate document of the New York hardcore scene".
Dave is seen in the large gatefold photo inside the album.Dave Agnostic Front lead singer, Roger Miret, commented on the photo in a recent interview; "My favorite Agnostic Front show was at the old Rock Hotel... that was the 1st time I ever felt the feeling of our accomplishment within the scene. That show itself was the one we used a photo from in our very 1st NYHC classic release 'Victim In Pain'; It's the picture inside the gatefold. Every time I look at it my mind wanders deep into thoughts."
Dave also appears on the lesser-known album by Mental Abuse SidSludge, "Streets of Filth". 
Jones was in other early hardcore bands:
Discography.
From BandToBand.com:

</doc>
<doc id="2932329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932329" title="Frankly Sentimental">
Frankly Sentimental

Frankly Sentimental is the fourth studio album by Frank Sinatra, released on June 20, 1949 as a set of four 78 rpm records and a 10" LP album. 
The tracks were arranged and conducted by Axel Stordahl and his orchestra.
The album is a compilation of eight recordings from eight different sessions between 1946 and 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="2932334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932334" title="Nicole C. Mullen">
Nicole C. Mullen

Aileen Nicole Coleman-Mullen, known professionally as Nicole C. Mullen, (born January 3, 1967) is an American award-winning singer, songwriter, and choreographer. She was born and raised in Cincinnati, Ohio.
Music career.
Mullen recorded her first solo album, "Don’t Let Me Go", in 1991 with the independent label Frontline Records. She continued her singing-songwriting-choreography career in the 1990s, singing backup for Michael W. Smith and the Newsboys, writing for Jaci Velasquez, and working as a dancer/choreographer with Amy Grant. She also provided backup vocals for the music video at the end of the VeggieTales program, "Larry-Boy and the Fib from Outer Space!" and the opening of the VeggieTales presentation, "Larry-Boy and the Rumor Weed". She was signed to Word Records in 1998 by VP of A&R Brent Bourgeois. Her fourth album, "Talk About It", was certified gold for sales in excess of 500,000 copies on April 15, 2008.
Outreach.
Mullen established a mentor group for girls called “The Baby Girls Club”. She and her husband, David Mullen, are youth leaders in their local church, tutor inner-city youth, and participate in Kids Across America summer camp for inner city youth. Mullen is also active with the International Needs Network Ghana, an organization that works to free Trokosi slaves in Ghana. She is also a pro-life activist.
Awards and honors.
Mullen was inducted into the Christian Music Hall of Fame on November 5, 2011. Mullen is the only African American artist to win the Dove Award for Song of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="2932335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932335" title="Food and Environmental Hygiene Department">
Food and Environmental Hygiene Department

Food and Environmental Hygiene Department (), or FEHD (食環署) for short, is a department of Hong Kong Government, reporting to the Health, Welfare and Food Bureau. It is The department is responsible for food hygiene and environmental hygiene. It replaced part of the role of the Urban Council and the Urban Services Department, and the Regional Council and the Regional Services Department.
The Chief Executive announced in October 2005 in his policy address the plan to restructure the department into a new Food Safety, Inspection and Quarantine Department, with the responsibility of environmental hygiene transferred to the Agriculture, Fisheries and Conservation Department.
Health Education Exhibition and Resources Centre.
It now manages Health Education Exhibition and Resource Centre in Kowloon Park.

</doc>
<doc id="2932343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932343" title="1946–47 European Rugby League Championship">
1946–47 European Rugby League Championship

The 1946-47 European Championship saw a change of format, where each nation played each other twice, instead of once, both at a home and away venue. This was the sixth competition and was won by England.

</doc>
<doc id="2932347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932347" title="David Binn">
David Binn

David Aaron Binn (born February 6, 1972) is an American football long snapper who played in the National Football League (NFL) for eighteen seasons. He played college football for the University of California, Berkeley. He was signed by the San Diego Chargers as an undrafted free agent in 1994.
Early years.
Binn, who is Jewish as is his father, attended San Mateo High School in San Mateo, California, and was a letterwinner in football, basketball, and golf. In football, he was a two-time All-Peninsula Athletic League honoree. He then played college football as a linebacker and long snapper for the University of California, Berkeley.
In the NFL, he has made himself known as one of the best longsnappers in the business. October 12, 2006, was Binn's 200th game. He joined Junior Seau and Russ Washington as the only other Charger players with more than 200 games played for the team.
College career.
Binn attended the University of California at Berkeley, where he played in 42 games as a long snapper. He earned a BA degree in Ecology and Interdisciplinary Studies in 1995.
Professional career.
Binn surpassed Junior Seau and Russ Washington with his 201st career game played as a Charger on November 19, 2006 making him the all-time leader. He was selected for the first time to the 2007 Pro Bowl squad, making him the eleventh selection from the 2006 Chargers chosen to represent the AFC in Hawaii. Binn suffered a hamstring injury in Week 1 of 2010 that ended his team-record streak of 179 consecutive games played.
After 17 seasons in San Diego, he was released on August 30, 2011. He was Chargers' all-time leader in games played with 256, not including 12 in the post-season.
Binn signed with the Denver Broncos on 1/13/12, one day before the playoff game against the Patriots.
Personal life.
Binn dated Pamela Anderson in 2007 and 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="2932355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932355" title="Robosaurus">
Robosaurus

Robosaurus is a transforming dinosaur robot created by inventor Doug Malewicki in 1989 and is now owned and operated by Monster Robots, Inc. Robosaurus is modeled after Transformers toys with the driver sitting in the head of the robot, and the ability to transform from a 48-foot semi trailer into a mechanical "Tyrannosaurus rex". It has hydraulically activated arms, grasping claws, and jaws, and a flame thrower in the head to give the effect of breathing fire out of its nostrils. It is used at motorsport events (particularly monster truck events) and air shows to "eat" and burn vehicles such as automobiles and small airplanes.
Robosaurus took two years and $2.2 million to build, stands at a height of 40 feet when transformed and fully extended and weighs 31 tons. It is powered by a 500 horsepower, turbo charged, Cummins diesel engine. Four hydraulic pumps are used to manipulate the claws, which can exert 24,000 pounds of force. It houses two 20-gallon propane tanks to produce the fire breath effect, and houses air cannons that can be used to fire confetti, fireworks or missiles.
Similar machines based on the same concept include Megasaurus and Transaurus, as well as less direct imitators, such as "Draco the Dragonator" and "Tranzilla". A parody of Robosaurus, called Truckasaurus, is also present in the TV series "The Simpsons" in the episode "Bart the Daredevil", and in the videogame based on the franchise, "".
Robosaurus was auctioned off at the Scottsdale Barrett-Jackson auction on January 19, 2008. Bidding saw the robotic dinosaur sell for $575,000 USD.
Appearances in media.
Robosaurus starred in Steel Justice, a futuristic action pilot broadcast on NBC in 1992. It centered on a cop with the magical ability to turn his dead son's Robosaurus toy into a fire-breathing metal leviathan to help him fight crime. No series resulted.
Robosaurus featured in three episodes of the 2010 Travel Channel reality show, "America's Worst Driver", including the series finale.
It also appeared in "Robosaurus", a 2011 fourth-season episode of the History Channel reality series "Pawn Stars", wherein its owner brought it to the Gold & Silver Pawn Shop and after demonstrating what it can do tried to sell it to the Harrisons at an offer of $1,000,000, which they refused.
It eventually was put up for auction by Barrett-Jackson and sold for $575,000.
Robosaurus was piloted by Michael A. Ryder, seated in the head of the monster, from 1991 through 1997.
Robosaurus was also featured on "Larry's Vegas Hangover", an episode of Only in America with Larry the Cable Guy. It was co-piloted by comedian and Larry the Cable Guy's old pal Carrot Top.

</doc>
<doc id="2932361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932361" title="GCD domain">
GCD domain

In mathematics, a GCD domain is an integral domain "R" with the property that any two non-zero elements have a greatest common divisor (GCD). Equivalently, any two non-zero elements of "R" have a least common multiple (LCM).
A GCD domain generalizes a unique factorization domain to the non-Noetherian setting in the following sense: an integral domain is a UFD if and only if it is a GCD domain satisfying the ascending chain condition on principal ideals (and in particular if it is Noetherian).
Properties.
Every irreducible element of a GCD domain is prime (however irreducible elements need not exist, even if the GCD domain is not a field). A GCD domain is integrally closed, and every nonzero element is primal. In other words, every GCD domain is a Schreier domain.
For every pair of elements "x", "y" of a GCD domain "R", a GCD "d" of "x" and "y" and a LCM "m" of "x" and "y" can be chosen such that , or stated differently, if "x" and "y" are nonzero elements and "d" is any GCD "d" of "x" and "y", then "xy"/"d" is a LCM of "x" and "y", and vice versa. It follows that the operations of GCD and LCM make the quotient "R"/~ into a distributive lattice, where "~" denotes the equivalence relation of being associate elements.
If "R" is a GCD domain, then the polynomial ring "R"["X"1...,"X""n"] is also a GCD domain, and more generally, the group ring "R"["G"] is a GCD domain for any torsion-free commutative group "G".
For a polynomial in "X" over a GCD domain, one can define its contents as the GCD of all its coefficients. Then the contents of a product of polynomials is the product of their contents, as expressed by Gauss's lemma, which is valid over GCD domains.

</doc>
<doc id="2932362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932362" title="Hunter et al. v. Southam Inc.">
Hunter et al. v. Southam Inc.

Hunter et al. v. Southam Inc. 2 S.C.R. 145 is a landmark Supreme Court of Canada privacy rights case and as well is the first Supreme Court decision to consider section 8 of the "Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms".
Background.
An investigation was begun by the government under the authority of the "Combines Investigation Act" into Southam Newspaper. The investigators entered Southam's offices in Edmonton and elsewhere to examine documents. The search was authorized prior to the enactment of the Charter but the search did not commence until afterwards. The challenge was allowed.
At the Alberta Court of Appeal, the judge found that part of the Act was inconsistent with the Charter and therefore of no force or effect.
The Supreme Court considered section 8 for the first time and upheld the ruling of the Court of Appeal.
Reasons of the court.
Chief Justice Dickson, writing for a unanimous Court, held that the "Combines Investigation Act" violated the Charter as it did not provide an appropriate standard for administering warrants.
The Court held that the purpose of section 8 is to protect an individual's reasonable expectation of privacy, and to limit government action that will encroach on that expectation. Furthermore, to assess the extent of those rights the right to privacy must be balanced against the government's duty to enforce the law.
In reaffirming the doctrine of purposive interpretation when reading the Constitution, Dickson goes on to make a fundamental and oft quoted statement of the purpose of the Constitution and how it should be interpreted, stating:

</doc>
<doc id="2932381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932381" title="Canadian Council of Churches v. Canada (Minister of Employment and Immigration)">
Canadian Council of Churches v. Canada (Minister of Employment and Immigration)

Canadian Council of Churches v. Canada (Minister of Employment and Immigration), 1 S.C.R. 236, is a leading Supreme Court of Canada case on the law of standing in Canada. In particular, the case sets out the criteria a public-interest group must meet in order to be allowed to mount a constitutional challenge in court.
Background.
Prior to this case standing for public-interest litigants was governed by the ""Borowski" test," which was given broad application. During the hearings for "Thorson" and "Borowski" Justice Martland and Chief Justice Laskin were fiercely at odds over the issue on interpreting the standard. Laskin felt that the borowski test allowed in people who merely wanted to challenge law for political reasons and not because they were truly affected, while Martland felt the test followed the original principles in "Thorson v. Attorney General of Canada".
The Canadian Council of Churches is an incorporated interest group that represents the interests of a number of churches. The group's focus had been the current government policy on refugee protection and resettlement. In particular, they had been critical of the changes in the determination process of evaluating whether a refugee came within the definition of Convention Refugee as part of recent amendments to the Immigration Act, 1976.
The Council sought a judicial declaration that the amendments were unconstitutional, and therefore of no force or effect. The Attorney General of Canada moved to strike out the claim on the basis that the Council did not have standing to bring the action. At first instance, it was held that the Council had standing, but this was overturned on appeal. The issue before the Supreme Court of Canada was whether the Council has standing to challenge the validity of the amendments. The Court found that the Council did not have standing, and dismissed the appeal.
Opinion of the Court.
The Court acknowledged the need for public-interest standing in principle, to ensure that government is not immunized from constitutional challenges to legislation. However, the Court also stressed the need to strike a balance between ensuring access to the courts and preserving judicial resources, citing the concern of an "unnecessary proliferation of marginal or redundant suits brought by well-meaning organizations pursuing their own particular cases certain in the knowledge that their cause is all important."
The current test for standing, as summarized in this decision, considers three factors:
On the facts of the case the Court found that the claim did raise some serious questions. Moreover, the claimant had a "genuine interest" in its validity. However, the claim must fail on the third and most onerous factor. Since a refugee would have standing to challenge the law, there would clearly be a reasonable and effective way to bring the issue to the Court. The Court dismissed the argument that refugees did not have effective access to the courts to bring a claim. Evidence showed that many are capable of making claims, which, in all, were better ways to challenge a law as there are concrete facts behind it. The Court further dismissed the claim that the potential imposition of a removal order would bar them from challenging it, as the Federal Court could grant an injunction to prevent deportation.

</doc>
<doc id="2932386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932386" title="Light-harvesting complexes of green plants">
Light-harvesting complexes of green plants

The light-harvesting (or antenna) complex of plants is an array of protein and chlorophyll molecules embedded in the thylakoid membrane which transfer light energy to one chlorophyll "a" molecule at the reaction center of a photosystem. 
The antenna pigments are predominantly chlorophyll "b", xanthophylls, and carotenoids. Chlorophyll "a" is known as the core pigment. Their absorption spectra are non-overlapping in order to broaden the range of light that can be absorbed in photosynthesis. The carotenoids have another role as an antioxidant to prevent photo-oxidative damage of chlorophyll molecules. Each antenna complex has between 250 and 400 pigment molecules and the energy they absorb is shuttled by resonance energy transfer to a specialized chlorophyll-protein complex known as the reaction center of each photosystem. The reaction center initiates a complex series of chemical reactions that capture energy in the form of chemical bonds.
For photosystem II, when either of the two chlorophyll "a" molecules at the reaction center absorb energy, an electron is excited and transferred to an electron acceptor molecule, phaeophytin, leaving the chlorophyll "a" in an oxidized state. The oxidised chlorophyll "a" replaces the electrons by photolysis that involves the reduction of water molecules to oxygen, protons and electrons.
Under changing light conditions, the reversible phosphorylation of light harvesting chlorophyll a/b binding proteins (LHCII) represents a system for balancing the excitation energy between the two photosystems.
The N-terminus of the chlorophyll A-B binding protein extends into the stroma where it is involved with adhesion of granal membranes and photo-regulated by reversible phosphorylation of its threonine residues. Both these processes are believed to mediate the distribution of excitation energy between photosystems I and II.
This family also includes the photosystem II protein PsbS, which plays a role in energy-dependent quenching that increases thermal dissipation of excess absorbed light energy in the photosystem.

</doc>
<doc id="2932387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932387" title="Julie Nolin">
Julie Nolin

Julie Nolin is a Canadian journalist. She was born in Calgary, Alberta, and raised in Lethbridge.
Prior to working in television, she was a newspaper reporter, photographer and editor. Since 1996, she has filled various roles at stations in Lethbridge, Lloydminster, Swift Current, Calgary, Saskatoon and Edmonton. She was an anchor at A-Channel Edmonton (now Citytv Edmonton) until 2005, when she joined Citytv Vancouver and became a co-anchor on "CityNews at Six" alongside Roger Petersen. The newscast was cancelled on July 12, 2006; she later joined CHEK-TV as a news anchor. She left that position in 2009 to pursue a Master of Arts degree in Professional Communication (specializing in Intercultural and International Communication) at Royal Roads University, graduating in 2010. She was a reporter/producer at CTV British Columbia before joining CTV Edmonton as an anchor/reporter in November 2013.
Aside from her work as a respected journalist, she has also been a guest lecturer and instructor at schools in Canada, India, Germany, Ukraine, and China.
For over six years, Nolin was a documentary director, writer and producer for the award-winning program, "The Sharing Circle," which airs on the Aboriginal Peoples Television Network. Her great, great grandfather is Metis politician Charles Nolin.
Nolin is married to animation director and Canadian editorial cartoonist Craig George. They have two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="2932389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932389" title="Just Visiting (film)">
Just Visiting (film)

Just Visiting (Les Visiteurs en Amérique for the French release) is a 2001 comedy that is a remake of the French film "Les Visiteurs", it also serves as a spinoff of the original film and its sequel, "". It stars Jean Reno, Christina Applegate, Christian Clavier, Malcolm McDowell, Tara Reid, and Bridgette Wilson. It is about a medieval knight and his serf who travel to 21st century Chicago, meeting the knight's descendant. Although the second film has a different storyline, it still is considered an official part of the series.
This was Hollywood Pictures' final production before it folded into the management of its sister company, Touchstone Pictures until Hollywood Pictures released the 2006 horror movie "Stay Alive".
Backstory.
The backstory takes place in 12th century England, where Lord Thibault Malféte is about to marry Princess Rosalind, the daughter of the reigning King. At the wedding banquet, by mistake, an enemy known as the Earl of Warwick gives Thibault a potion which makes him hallucinate (and which was actually intended for Rosalind by a witch hired and paid by the Earl), and under its influence, he kills his own bride (rather than her father, as in the French version) believing she is a ferocious monster. While under sentence of death, he asks his servant, Andre Le Pate (Christian Clavier) to find a wizard (Malcolm McDowell) to help him. The wizard gives him a potion that will send him back to the moment before he killed Princess Rosalind. The incompetent wizard botches the spell, and instead, Thibault and Andre are sent into the 21st century. 
They end up in a museum in Chicago where they are arrested by the police. They are rescued by Julia Malféte (Christina Applegate), a museum employee who closely resembles Princess Rosalind. She thinks that Thibault is her distant French cousin who drowned while yachting a couple of years ago. Thibault soon finds out that Julia is descended from his family and realizes he must return to the 12th century to correct the past. Julia introduces them to the modern American style of life where norms from medieval times no longer apply. Before the return to his time, Thibault decides to protect Julia from her money-hungry fiance, Hunter (Matt Ross). Meanwhile, Andre falls for a pretty gardener, Angelique (Tara Reid) who presents him with the world of equal rights for all people.
The wizard realizes his mistake and decides to time travel into the future to help Thibault, who is also getting accustomed to 21st century life. After he finds him, he successfully prepares a potion for returning to the past. Andre confronts Thibault, that he does not want to return to the 12th century, after Julia convinces Thibault that he should set him free, Thibault agrees. Hunter decides to prevent Thibault by interfering with his plans but Julia finds out his real intentions and breaks up with him. Before he leaves, Thibault tells Julia that she will meet a new and better boyfriend. Then, he and the wizard drink the potion in the museum and return to the past just before the killing of Princess Rosalind. Hunter finds the remainder of the potion which sends him to the 12th century where he is captured. Julia decides to reclaim her ancestral castle, much to the firm's delight, and meets a man named Francois Le Combier, who knows much about her family's history. In the last scene, Andre and Angelique are seen driving in a hot rod towards Las Vegas, which makes Andre wonder one thing, who would protect him from the Devil. Angelique simply replies "Hey, at least you got me, babe", to which Andre happily agrees.
Box office.
The film opened at #12 at the North American box office making $2,272,489 USD in its opening weekend.
Reception.
The film received generally negative reviews. Rotten Tomatoes give the film a score of 33% based on reviews from 78 critics.

</doc>
<doc id="2932391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932391" title="Adhola dialect">
Adhola dialect

Adhola, also known as "Jopadhola" and "Ludama", is a dialect of Southern Luo spoken by the Adhola people ( "Jopadhola" or "Badama") of Uganda. Dhopadhola is generally mutually intelligible with Acholi, Lango, Kumam, and Alur of Uganda and Dholuo of Kenya. 
The prefix "dho" means "language of". It can be attached to a nationality or speech community to imply the language of such a people. "jo" means "people of". The infix "pa" means possessive 'of'.
"Dhopadhola" thus means the language spoken in Padhola.<br> 
"Padhola" is the area or region where Dhopadhola is spoken.<br>
"Jopadhola" is the plural of "Japadhola"; a person who speaks Dhopadhola. Hence, "Jopadhola" are speakers of Dhopadhola.
"Ja" is a prefix meaning the 'doer' or a person belonging to a particular place or position. The plural is "Jo". That is, people who do something or belong to a particular place or organisation. 
For instance<br>
"Jafwonji" means a teacher.<br> 
"Jofwonji" means teachers.<br> 
"Jawer" means a singer.<br> 
"Jower" means singers.<br> 
"Janywol" means a parent.<br> 
"Jonywol" means parents.<br> 
"Japach" means a carpenter.<br> 
"Jopach" means carpenters.

</doc>
<doc id="2932393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932393" title="Euler class">
Euler class

In mathematics, specifically in algebraic topology, the Euler class, named after Leonhard Euler, is a characteristic class of oriented, real vector bundles. Like other characteristic classes, it measures how "twisted" the vector bundle is. In the case of the tangent bundle of a smooth manifold, it generalizes the classical notion of Euler characteristic.
Throughout this article "E" → "X" is an oriented, real vector bundle of rank "r".
Formal definition.
The Euler class "e"("E") is an element of the integral cohomology group 
constructed as follows. An orientation of "E" amounts to a continuous choice of generator of the cohomology
of each fiber "F" relative to the complement "F"\"F"0 of its zero element "F"0. From Thom isomorphism, this induces an orientation class
in the cohomology of "E" relative to the complement "E"\"E"0 of the zero section "E"0. The inclusions
where "X" includes into "E" as the zero section, induce maps
The Euler class "e"("E") is the image of "u" under the composition of these maps.
Properties.
The Euler class satisfies these properties, which are axioms of a characteristic class:
Note that "Normalization" is a distinguishing feature of the Euler class, so that it detects the existence of a non-vanishing section
Also "unlike" other characteristic classes, it is concentrated in a single dimension, which depends on the rank of the bundle: "e"("E") ∈ "Hr" — there are no "e"0, "e"1, ... In particular, "c"0("E") = "p"0("E") = 1 ∈ "H"0("X"; Z) and "w"0("E") = 1 ∈ "H"0("X"; Z/2Z), but there is no "e"0. This reflects the fact that the Euler class is unstable, as discussed below.
Vanishing of section.
Under mild conditions (such as "X" a smooth, closed, oriented manifold), the Euler class corresponds to the vanishing of a section of "E" in the following way. Let σ : "X" → "E" be a generic smooth section and "Z" ⊆ "X" its zero locus. Then "Z" represents a homology class ["Z"] of codimension "r" in "X", and "e"("E") is the Poincaré dual of ["Z"].
Self-intersection.
For example, if "Y" is a compact submanifold, then the Euler class of the normal bundle of "Y" in "X" is naturally identified with the self-intersection of "Y" in "X".
Relations to other invariants.
In the special case when the bundle "E" in question is the tangent bundle of a compact, oriented, "r"-dimensional manifold, the Euler class is an element of the top cohomology of the manifold, which is naturally identified with the integers by evaluating cohomology classes on the fundamental homology class. Under this identification, the Euler class of the tangent bundle equals the Euler characteristic of the manifold. In the language of characteristic numbers, the Euler characteristic is the characteristic number corresponding to the Euler class.
Thus the Euler class is a generalization of the Euler characteristic to vector bundles other than tangent bundles. In turn, the Euler class is the archetype for other characteristic classes of vector bundles, in that each "top" characteristic class equals the Euler class, as follows.
Modding out by 2 induces a map
The image of the Euler class under this map is the top Stiefel-Whitney class "wr"("E"). One can view this Stiefel-Whitney class as "the Euler class, ignoring orientation".
Any complex vector bundle "V" of complex rank "d" can be regarded as an oriented, real vector bundle "E" of real rank 2"d". The top Chern class "cd"("V") of the complex bundle equals the Euler class "e"("E") of the real bundle.
The Whitney sum "E" ⊕ "E" is isomorphic to the complexification "E" ⊗ C, which is a complex bundle of rank "r". Comparing Euler classes, we see that
Squares to top Pontryagin class.
If the rank "r" is even, then this cohomology class formula_9 equals the top Pontryagin class "p""r"/2("E").
Under the splitting principle, this corresponds to the square of the Vandermonde polynomial equaling the discriminant: the Euler class corresponds to the Vandermonde polynomial, the basic alternating polynomial, while the top Pontryagin class corresponds to the discriminant, a symmetric polynomial.
More formally, the Euler class of a direct sum of line bundles is the Vandermonde polynomial (orientation determines the order of the line bundles up to sign), while top Pontryagin class is the discriminant.
Unstable.
Unlike the other characteristic classes, the Euler class is "unstable," in the sense of stable homotopy theory. Concretely, this means that if 1 is a trivial bundle, then "e"("V" ⊕ 1) ≠ "e"("V"); stable would mean that these are equal. In fact, adding a trivial bundle gives an obvious section, namely a constant on the trivial component, and 0 on the other, thus "e"("V" ⊕ 1) = 0.
More abstractly, the cohomology class in the classifying space BSO("k") that represents the Euler class of a "k"-dimensional bundle is an unstable class: it is not the pull-back of a class in BSO("k"+1) under the inclusion BSO("k") → BSO("k"+1). Intuitively, it is not "consistently defined independently of dimension".
This can be seen intuitively in that the Euler class is a class whose degree depends on the dimension of the bundle (or manifold, if the tangent bundle): it is always of top dimension, while the other classes have a fixed dimension (the first Stiefel-Whitney class is in "H"1, etc.).
The fact that the Euler class is unstable should not be seen as a "defect": rather, from the point of view of stable homotopy, it means that the Euler class "detects unstable phenomena". For instance, the tangent bundle of spheres is stably trivial but not trivial (the usual inclusion of the sphere S"n" ⊂ R"n"+1 has trivial normal bundle, thus the tangent bundle of the sphere plus a trivial line bundle is the tangent bundle of Euclidean space, rectricted to S"n", which is trivial), thus other characteristic classes all vanish for the sphere, but the Euler class does not vanish for even spheres, providing a non-trivial invariant.
Examples.
Spheres.
The Euler characteristic of the "n"-sphere S"n" is:
Thus, there is no non-vanishing section of the tangent bundle of even spheres, so the tangent bundle is not trivial—i.e., S2"n" is not a parallelizable manifold, and in particular does not admit a Lie group structure.
For odd spheres, S2"n"−1 ⊂ R2"n", a nowhere vanishing section is given by
which shows that the Euler class vanishes; this is just "n" copies of the usual section over the circle.
As the Euler class for an even sphere corresponds to 2[S2"n"] ∈ "H"2"n"(S2"n", Z), we can use the fact that the Euler class of a Whitney sum of two bundles is just the cup product of the Euler class of the two bundles to see that there are no non-trivial subbundles of the tangent bundle of an even sphere.
Since the tangent bundle of the sphere is stably trivial but not trivial, all other characteristic classes vanish on it, and the Euler class is the only ordinary cohomology class that detects non-triviality of the tangent bundle of spheres: to prove further results, one must use secondary cohomology operations or K-theory.
Circle.
The cylinder is a line bundle over the circle, by the natural projection R × S1 → S1. It is a trivial line bundle, so it possesses a nowhere-zero section, and so its Euler class is 0. It is also isomorphic to the tangent bundle of the circle; the fact that its Euler class is 0 corresponds to the fact that the Euler characteristic of the circle is 0.

</doc>
<doc id="2932395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932395" title="Partition of Bengal (1905)">
Partition of Bengal (1905)

The decision to effect the Partition of Bengal (Bengali:বঙ্গভঙ্গ) was announced in July 1905 by the Viceroy of India, Lord Curzon. The partition took place in October 1905 and separated the largely Muslim eastern areas from the largely Hindu western areas. The Hindus of West Bengal who dominated Bengal's business and rural life complained that the division would make them a minority in a province that would incorporate the province of Bihar and Odisha. Indians were outraged at what they recognised as a "divide and rule" policy, where the colonisers turned the native population against itself in order to rule, even though Curzon stressed it would produce administrative efficiency. The partition animated the Hindus and led the Muslims to form their own national organization on communal lines. Bengal was reunited in 1911 in an effort to both appease the Bengali sentiment and have easier administration but it caused resentment among the Bengali Muslims who mistakenly thought that they benefited from the partition and the resentment lasted until the end of the British rule which ended with the partition of Bengal in 1947.
Background.
The provincial state of Bengal had an area of 189,000 miles2 and a population of nearly 8 crores (80 million). It included the Hindi-speaking regions of Bihar, the Oriya-speaking regions of Orissa as well as the Assamese-speaking region of Assam, making it a huge administrative entity. Moreover, the capital Calcutta was the capital of the entire British India. With the growing efforts of the Indian National Congress to secure the independence of India, Lord Curzon decided to address both these problems by partitioning Bengal into two entities, which would result in a Muslim-majority in the eastern half, and a Hindu-majority in the western half. This he hoped would reduce the administrative pressures as well divide the population on religious grounds, quelling the Indian Independence Movement.
Partition.
The government announced the idea for partition in January 1904. The idea was opposed by Henry John Stedman Cotton, Chief Commissioner of Assam 1896-1902.
The Partition of Bengal in 1905 was made on October 16 by Viceroy Curzon. The former province of Bengal was divided into two new provinces "Bengal" (comprising western Bengal as well as the province of Bihar and Orissa) and "East Bengal and Assam" with Dacca (Dhaka) being the capital of the latter. Partition was promoted for administrative reasons: Bengal was as large as France but with a significantly larger population. Curzon stated the eastern region was neglected and under-governed. By splitting the province, an improved administration could be established in the east, where subsequently, the population would benefit from new schools and employment opportunities.
The partition was greatly supported by the muslims of East Bengal under misplaced logic. The prime reason behind their support was their poor economic situation and the perceived dominance of the Hindu businessmen and landlords of West Bengal. Bengal was severely centralized in the capital Calcutta, in all aspects. Most of the factories and mills in Bengal were established in and around Calcutta even though the major sources of the raw materials for these factories were in East Bengal. Most of the educational institutions were also situated in Calcutta including the lone university in Bengal. After the partition, the East Bengali Muslims thought that they will witness their expectations coming true. Dacca began to transform into a major city and regain its past glory. Construction of some important administrative buildings like the Curzon Hall, High court took place in the city which still stand today bearing the heritage of British architecture. A number of educational institutions were established throughout East Bengal and Assam which resulted in an increase in the literacy rate of the region.
However, the educated middle class in western Bengal found other motives behind the partition plan. Bengali Hindus were in the forefront of political agitation for greater participation in governance; Hindus tended to oppose partition, which was more popular among Muslims. What followed partition, however, stimulated an anti-British movement that involved non-violent and violent protests, boycotts and even an assassination attempt against the Governor of the new province of West Bengal.
The opening years of the twentieth century were stormy. That was the time when the greatest catastrophe of history took place. The political scenario was undergoing a change. The British were beginning to feel a bit uneasy. Discontentment was brewing. Political discontent was growing due to the inability of the government to organize effective relief during the period of plague and famine. In order to stem the discontent, the British played the political trump card with great aplomb. For the first time, they used their divide-and-rule political game with great force. From 1870 onwards, the British started inciting the Hindus and the Muslims to form their own political parties to establish their distinct religious identities. That was perhaps, the beginning of the communalisation of politics. The British not only encouraged the two communities to form political parties along religious lines, they took various constructive steps to create a situation whereby Hindus and Muslims would be forced to think in a way as if their religious identity is at peril. This effort culminated in the partition of Bengal in 1905. West Bengal, Orissa and Bihar was on one side and the erstwhile east Bengal and Assam was on the other. The partition was made along communal lines. This partition provided an impetus to the religious divide and, as a result of that, All India Muslim League and All India Hindu Mahasabha was formed. Both the organisations aimed at fanning communal passions.
The main reason for the Partition was purely political. The Hindus were in a better position in terms of economic status, professional qualities etc, than the Muslims. During the pre-Sepoy Mutiny period, section of Hindu traders greatly helped the British while their Muslim counterparts did not. The British were angry. With the spread of Western education Hindus made a big way, but the Muslims could not. A sense of deprivation crept in. Perhaps, the sense of deprivation was engineered . When the discontentment grew in the beginning of this century, the British capitalised on this sense of deprivation. A feeling of inferiority was there. The British merely added fuel to fire. Suddenly both the communities became aware of their religious identities. The net result is the Partition of Bengal. The sear of Partition is yet to heal. 
Partition:
Lord Curzon, the viceroy of India decided to partition Bengal for administrative purposes, creating a new province of East Bengal and Assam, with a population of 31 million people and with its capital at Dhaka. The Brahmaputra and the Padma (the Ganges) rivers physically defined this first partition of Bengal. East Bengal prospered, Dhaka assumed its old status as capital and Chittagong became an important sea port.
Given below is the proclamation of partition:
The Governor-General is pleased to constitute the territories at present under the administration of the Chief Commissioner of Assam to be for the purposes of the Indian Councils Act 1861... a province to which the provisions of that Act touching the making of laws and regulations for the peace and good order of the presidencies of Fort St. George and Bombay shall be applicable and to direct that the said province shall be called and known as the province of Eastern Bengal and Assam... 
The Governor-General in Council is pleased to specify the sixteenth day of October, 1905 as the period at which the said provisions shall take effect and 15th as the number of councilors whom the Lieutenant-Governor may nominate for his assistance in making laws and regulations. 
The Governor-General in Council is further pleased to declare and appoint that upon the constitution of the said province of Eastern Bengal and Assam, the districts of Dacca, Mymensingh, Faridpur, Backergunge, Tippera, Noakhali, Chittagong, the Chittagong Hill Tracts, Rajashahi, Dinajpur, Jalpaiguri, Rangpur, Bogra, Pabna, and Malda which now form part of the Bengal Division of the Presidency of Fort William shall cease to be subject to or included within the limits of that Division, and shall thenceforth be subject to and included within the limits of the Lieutenant-Governorship of the province of Eastern Bengal and Assam.
The reason behind the partition that was officially announced was that the Bengal province was too large to be administered by a single governor and therefore was partitioned on administrative purpose. But the real reason behind the partition was political and not administrative. East Bengal was dominated by the Muslims and West Bengal by the Hindus. Partition was yet another part of the ‘Divide and rule’ policy. The following excerpts from Curzon’s letter of 2 February 1905 to St. John Brodrick, Secretary of State for India, give an idea of his aims in partitioning Bengal:
“Calcutta is the centre from which the Congress Party is manipulated throughout the whole of Bengal, and indeed the whole of India. Its best wire pullers and its most frothy orators all reside here. The perfection of their machinery, and the tyranny which it enables them to exercise are truly remarkable. They dominate public opinion in Calcutta; they affect the High Court; they frighten the local Government, and they are sometimes not without serious influence on the Government of India. The whole of their activity is directed to creating an agency so powerful that they may one day be able to force a weak government to give them what they desire. Any measure in consequence that would divide the Bengali-speaking population; that would permit independent centres of activity and influence to grow up; that would dethrone Calcutta from its place as the center of successful intrigue, or that would weaken the influence of the lawyer class, who have the entire organization in their hands, is intensely and hotly resented by them. The outcry will be loud and very fierce, but as a native gentleman said to me – ‘my countrymen always howl until a thing is settled; then they accept it’.”
ghul wal map
Political crisis.
Partition sparked a major political crisis along religious lines. Hindu resistance exploded as the Indian National Congress began the Swadeshi movement that included boycotting British goods and public institutions, meetings and processions, forming committees, propaganda through press, and diplomatic pressure. Hitherto untouched sections of Indian society participated in these movements, providing base for later movements. Richness of the movement extended to culture, science and literature. Masses were educated for a bolder form of politics and colonial hegemony was undermined.
The Muslims in East Bengal hoped that a separate region would give them more control over education and employment, hence, they opposed those movements. Rabindranath Tagore wrote "Banglar Mati Banglar Jol" as a rallying cry for proponents of annulment of Partition.
Opposition to the partition was supported by Sir Henry John Stedman Cotton who had been Chief Commissioner of Assam, but Curzon was not to be moved. Later, Cotton, now Liberal MP for Nottingham East coordinated the successful campaign to oust the first lieutenant-governor of East Bengal, Sir Bampfylde Fuller.
Re-unification.
Due to these political protests, the two parts of Bengal were reunited in 1911. A new partition which divided the province on linguistic, rather than religious grounds followed, with the Hindi, Oriya and Assamese areas separated to form separate administrative units: Bihar and Orissa Province was created to the west, and Assam Province to the east. The administrative capital of British India was moved from Calcutta to New Delhi as well.
Aftermath.
In 1909, separate elections were established for Muslims and Hindus. Before this, many members of both communities had advocated national solidarity of all Bengalis. With separate electorates, distinctive political communities developed, with their own political agendas. Muslims, too, dominated the Legislature, due to their overall numerical strength of roughly twenty eight to twenty two million. Nationally, Hindus and Muslims began to demand the creation of two independent states, one to be formed in majority Hindu and one in majority Muslim areas.
In 1947, Bengal was partitioned for the second time, solely on religious grounds, as part of the Partition of India following the formation of the nations India and Pakistan. East Bengal became East Pakistan, and in 1971 became the independent state of Bangladesh after a successful war of independence with West Pakistan.
Significance.
The partition left a significant impact on the people of Bengal as well as the political scene of the Indian Subcontinent. After the annulment of the partition, the people of East Bengal were immersed into disappointment and anger. This event also created a sense of political awareness among the Muslims of East Bengal. To mollify the people of East Bengal, Lord Curzon declared that a university as a center of excellence would be established in Dacca (which would later be named as University of Dhaka) and formed a committee in this regard consisting Khwaja Salimullah, A. K. Fazlul Huq and others. The decision was severely criticized by some Hindu leaders in West Bengal. The most significant impact of this event was greater communal dissonance between the Hindus and Muslims of Bengal.

</doc>
<doc id="2932396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932396" title="SBCS">
SBCS

SBCS, or Single Byte Character Set, is used to refer to character encodings that use exactly one byte for each graphic character. SBCS can accommodate a maximum of 256 symbols, and were originally essentially built for the English language because English does not have many symbols or accented letters. Examples of SBCS encodings include ISO/IEC 646, the various ISO 8859 encodings, and the various Microsoft/IBM code pages. 
The term SBCS is commonly contrasted against the terms DBCS (double-byte character set) and MBCS (multi-byte character set). The multi-byte character sets are used to accommodate languages with more characters and symbols than English and other predominantly Asian languages such as Chinese, Japanese, and Korean. These are sometimes referred to by the acronym CJK. In these computing systems, SBCS’s are traditionally associated with half-width characters, so-called because such SBCS characters would traditionally occupy half the width of a DBCS character on a fixed-width computer terminal or text screen.

</doc>
<doc id="2932405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932405" title="Voodoo Child (Slight Return)">
Voodoo Child (Slight Return)

"Voodoo Child (Slight Return)" is a song recorded by the Jimi Hendrix Experience in 1968 and appears on the "Electric Ladyland" album also released that year. It is an improvisational guitar piece, with Hendrix's vocal and guitar backed by Noel Redding on bass and Mitch Mitchell on drums. The song is one of Hendrix's best known; it was a feature of his concert performances throughout his career and several live renditions were recorded and released on later albums. 
After his death in 1970, "Voodoo Child (Slight Return)", using the title "Voodoo Chile" was released in the UK and became Hendrix's only number one single in the British record charts. Several artists have performed or recorded versions of the song. "Rolling Stone" magazine included it at number 102 on their list of the "500 Greatest Songs of All Time".
Origins and recording.
"Voodoo Child (Slight Return)" was developed from "Voodoo Chile", recorded May 2, 1968 during a studio jam with Steve Winwood on organ and Jack Casady on bass. The next day, Hendrix returned to the studio with Redding and Mitchell for the filming on a short documentary by ABC television. Noel Redding explained, "We learned that song in the studio ... They had the cameras rolling on us as we played it". Hendrix added,
According to Hendrix biographer Steven Roby, eight takes of the song were recorded by Hendrix, Redding, and Mitchell; the final one was chosen as the master which appeared on "Electric Ladyland".
Lyrics and Interpretation.
Author Charles Shaar Murray examines Hendrix's use of the term "Voodoo Child" in his book "Crosstown Traffic". He notes that "Voodoo symbolism and reference resound through the country blues, and through the urbanized electric county blues of the Chicago school ... In Hendrix’s case, this is pure metaphor. He certainly was not a Voodoo inititate in any formal sense ... Both with ‘Voodoo Chile’—and, most specifically, with the West African even-before-Bo-Diddley beat he percussively scratches from his guitar and wah-wah pedal at the beginning of ‘Voodoo Chile (Slight Return)’—he is announcing as explicitly as possible that he is a man of the blues, and one who honours, respects and understands its deepest and most profound traditions". Except for the chorus, the lyrics of "Voodoo Child (Slight Return)" are different than "Voodoo Chile":
During a January 1, 1970 performance with the Band of Gypsys, Hendrix introduces the song as the "Black Panther's national anthem" (included on the album "Live at the Fillmore East"). At the time, he was being pressured to make a statement about racial issues in the U.S.
Personnel.
The recording was engineered by Eddie Kramer and produced by Chas Chandler.
Live recordings.
"Voodoo Child (Slight Return)" became a staple of Hendrix's concert performances and would vary in length from seven to eighteen minutes. Recordings from the Winterland Ballroom, Royal Albert Hall, Woodstock, and the Fillmore East were later released on "The Jimi Hendrix Concerts", "Hendrix in the West", "Woodstock", and "Live at the Fillmore East". Many more recordings have also appeared.
Critical reception and recognition.
In an AllMusic song review, "Voodoo Chile (Slight Return)" was described as "a perfect example of how Hendrix took the Delta blues form and not only psychedelicized it, but cast an even more powerful spell by delivering the lyric in the voice of a voodoo priest". Also noted is Hendrix's guitar work: "Opening with a simple riff on the wah-wah pedal, the song explodes into full sonic force, the guitarist hitting the crunching chords and taking the astral-inspired leads for which he became infamous. The real guitar explorations happen midway through the song, while the basic, thundering riff is unrelenting". "Rolling Stone" magazine included the song at number 102 on their list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.
Recordings by other artists.
A variety of musicians have recorded "Voodoo Child (Slight Return)", sometimes using the shortened title "Voodoo Child"; some of these include:

</doc>
<doc id="2932406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932406" title="Chumpol NaLamlieng">
Chumpol NaLamlieng

Chumpol NaLamlieng (, born in 1945) was the former President of Siam Cement Group until 2005. He received B.Sc in M.E. from University of Washington in Seattle, WA and also an MBA from Harvard University. He first worked as a World Bank loan officer and was then recruited in 1968 by Bankers Trust, N.Y. to set up Thai Investment and Securities Co.,Ltd.(TISCO)–the first investment bank in Thailand. After heading Corporate Finance at TISCO, he joined Siam Cement, where he worked until his retirement. He remains a director of many companies, including British Airways and SingTel.

</doc>
<doc id="2932411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932411" title="Petrie">
Petrie

Petrie is a surname of Scottish origin.

</doc>
<doc id="2932416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932416" title="Baniwa people">
Baniwa people

Baniwa (also known with local variants as Baniva, Baniua, Curipaco, Vaniva, Walimanai, Wakuenai) are South American Indians, who speak the Baniwa language belonging to the Maipurean (Arawak) language family. They live in the Amazon Region, in the border area of Brazil, Colombia and Venezuela and along the Rio Negro and its tributaries.
There are an estimated 5,811 Baniwa in Brazil, 7,000 in Colombia and 2,408 in Venezuela's Amazonas State, according to Brazil's Instituto Socioambiental, but accurate figures are almost impossible to come by given the nature of the rainforest.
Baniwa Indians rely mainly on manioc cultivation and fishing for subsistence. They are also known for the fine basketry they skilfully produce.

</doc>
<doc id="2932419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932419" title="Nova (TV)">
Nova (TV)

Nova TV may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2932421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932421" title="Evocatus">
Evocatus

Evocatus (plural "Evocati") was the Latin term for a soldier in the Roman army who had served out his time and obtained a discharge ("missio") but had voluntarily enlisted again at the invitation of the consul or other commander.
There always existed a considerable number of evocati in every army of importance, and when the general was a favorite among the soldiers, the number of veterans who joined his standard naturally increased. The evocati were officially released, like the vexillarii, from the common military duties of fortifying the camp, making roads, et cetera, and held a higher rank in the army than the common legionary soldiers. However their treatment was not guaranteed as some legionary commanders pressured men to stay on to ensure their command retained enough soldiers, as recruitment into the imperial legions was not a universally popular career choice.
They are sometimes written of in conjunction with the equites Romani, and sometimes classed with the centurions. They appear to have been frequently promoted to the rank of centurion. Thus, Pompey induced a great many of the veterans who had served under him in former years to join his standard at the outbreak of the civil war with the promise of rewards and the command of centuries. Not all evocati could, however, have held the rank of centurion, nor could they belong to certain cohorts in the army. Cicero speaks of a "Praefectus evocatorum", an officer in charge of the evocati.
The name "evocati" was also applied to a select body of young men of the equestrian order who were appointed by Emperor Domitian to guard his bedchamber. This body is supposed by some writers to have existed under succeeding emperors and to have been the same as that consisting of those known as "Evocati Augusti".
References.
Secondary Sources.
"This article incorporates public domain text from "A Dictionary of Greek and Roman Antiquities" by William Smith, 1875"

</doc>
<doc id="2932424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932424" title="Robion Kirby">
Robion Kirby

Robion Cromwell Kirby (born February 25, 1938) is a Professor of Mathematics at the University of California, Berkeley who specializes in low-dimensional topology. He coinvented the Kirby–Siebenmann invariant for classifying the PL-structures on a topological manifold and proved the fundamental result on the Kirby calculus, a method for describing 3-manifolds and smooth 4-manifolds by surgery on framed links. Along with his significant mathematical contributions, he is an influential figure in the field, with over 50 doctoral students and his famous problem list.
He was born in 1938 and received his Ph.D. from the University of Chicago in 1965. He soon became an assistant professor at UCLA. While there he developed his "torus trick" which enabled him to solve in dimensions greater than four (with additional joint work with Larry Siebenmann), four of Milnor's seven most important problems in geometric topology. Consequently, in 1971, he was awarded the Oswald Veblen Prize in Geometry by the American Mathematical Society.
In 1995 he became the first mathematician to receive the NAS Award for Scientific Reviewing from the National Academy of Sciences for his problem list in low-dimensional topology. He was elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 2001. In 2012 he became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.
Kirby is also the President of Mathematical Sciences Publishers, a small non-profit academic publishing house that focuses on mathematics and engineering journals.

</doc>
<doc id="2932428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932428" title="1947–48 European Rugby League Championship">
1947–48 European Rugby League Championship

This was the eighth European Championship and was won for the fourth time by England.

</doc>
<doc id="2932436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932436" title="Partition of Bengal (1947)">
Partition of Bengal (1947)

The Partition of Bengal in 1947, part of the Partition of India, was a religiously based partition that divided the British Indian province of Bengal between India and Pakistan. Predominantly Hindu West Bengal became a province of India, and predominantly Muslim East Bengal (now Bangladesh) became a province of Pakistan.
The partition, with the power transferred to Pakistan and India on 14–15 August 1947, was done according to what has come to be known as the "3 June Plan" or "Mountbatten Plan". India’s independence on 15 August 1947 ended over 150 years of British influence in the Indian subcontinent.
East Bengal, which became a province of Pakistan according to the provisions set forth the Mountbatten Plan, later became the independent country of Bangladesh after the 1971 Bangladesh Liberation War.
Background.
In 1905, the first partition in Bengal was implemented as an administrative preference, making governing the two provinces, West and East Bengal, easier. While the partition split the province between West Bengal, in which the majority was Hindu, and the East, where the majority was Muslim, the 1905 partition left considerable minorities of Hindus in East Bengal and Muslims in West Bengal. While the Muslims were in favour of the partition, as they would have their own province, Hindus were not. This controversy led to increased violence and protest and finally, in 1911, the two provinces were once again united.
However, the disagreements between Hindus and Muslims in Bengal which had sparked the Partition of Bengal in 1905 still remained and laws, including the Partition of Bengal in 1947, were implemented to fulfill the political needs of the parties involved.
The partition
As per the plan, on 20 June 1947, The members of the Bengal Legislative Assembly cast three separate votes on the proposal to partition Bengal:
Under the Mountbatten Plan, a single majority vote in favour of partition by either notionally divided half of the Assembly would have decided the division of the province, and hence the house proceedings on 20 June resulted in the decision to partition Bengal. This set the stage for the creation of West Bengal as a province of the Union of India and East Bengal as a province of the Dominion of Pakistan.
Also in accordance with the Mountbatten Plan, in a referendum held on 7 July, the electorate of Sylhet voted to join East Bengal. Further, the Boundary Commission headed by Sir Cyril Radcliffe decided on the territorial demarcation between the two newly created provinces. Power was transferred to Pakistan and India on 14 and 15 August, respectively, under the Indian Independence Act 1947.
The United Bengal plan.
After it became apparent that the division of India on the basis of the Two-Nation Theory will almost certainly result in the partition of the Bengal province along religious lines, Bengal provincial Muslim League leader Suhrawardy came up with a radical plan to create an independent Bengal state that won't join either Pakistan or India and remain unpartitioned. Suhrawardy realised that if Bengal is partitioned then it will be economically disastrous for east Bengal as all coal mines, all jute mills but two and other industrial plants will certainly go to the western part since these were in an overwhelmingly Hindu majority area. Most important of all, Kolkata, then the largest city in India, an industrial and commercial hub and the largest port will also go to the western part. Suhrawardy floated his idea on 24 April 1947 at a press conference in Delhi.
However the plan directly ran counter to the Muslim League's, which was a political party during the period of the British Rule which advocated the creation of a separate Muslim-majority nation, demand of the creation of a separate Muslim homeland on the basis of two-nation theory. Initially Bengal provincial Muslim League leadership opinion was divided. Barddhaman's League leader Abul Hashim supported it. On the other hand Nurul Amin and Mohammad Akram Khan initially opposed it. But Muhammad Ali Jinnah realised the validity of Suhrawardy's argument and gave his tacit support to the plan. After Jinnah's approval, Suhrawardy started gathering support for his plan.
On the Congress side, only a handful of leaders agreed to the plan. Among them was the influential Bengal provincial congress leader Sarat Chandra Bose, the elder brother of Netaji and Kiran Shankar Roy. However most other BPCC leaders and Congress leadership including Nehru and Patel rejected the plan. The Hindu nationalist party Hindu Mahasabha under the leadership of Shyama Prasad Mukherjee vehemently opposed it. Their opinion was that the plan is nothing but a ploy by Suhrawardy to stop the partition of the state so that the industrially developed western part including the city of Kolkata remains under League control. They also opined that even though the plan asked for a sovereign Bengal state, in practice it will be a virtual Pakistan and the Hindu minority will be at the mercy of the Muslim majority forever.
Although the chances of the proposal seeing daylight without Congress central committee's approval was slim, Bose and Suhrawardy continued talks to reach an agreement on the political structure of the proposed state. Like Suhrawardy, Bose also felt that the partition will severely hamper Bengal's economy and almost half of the Hindu population will be left stranded on the Pakistani side. The agreement was published on 24 May 1947. However this was largely a political agreement. The proposal had hardly any support at grassroots level, particularly among the Hindus. Muslim League's continuous propaganda on the two-nation theory for the previous six years combined with the marginalisation of Hindus in the Suhrawardy ministry and the vicious riots of 1946, which many Hindus believed was state sponsored, left little room for trust in Muslim League among Bengali Hindus. Soon afterwards, division arose among Bose and Suhrawardy on the question of the nature of the electorate; separate or joint. Suhrawardy insisted upon maintaining the separate electorate for Muslims and Non-Muslims. Bose was opposed to this. He withdrew and due to lack of any other significant support from the Congress's side, the United Bengal plan was discarded. Still, this relatively unknown episode marked the last attempt among Bengali Muslim and Hindu communities to avoid the partition and live together.
Aftermath.
The second partition of Bengal left behind a legacy of violence which continues to this day. As Bashabi Fraser put it, "There is the reality of the continuous flow of 'economic migrants' / 'refugees' / 'infiltrators' / 'illegal immigrants' who cross over the border and pan out across the sub-continent, looking for work and a new home, setting in metropolitan centres as far off as Delhi and Mumbai, keeping the question of the Partition alive today. “
Refugee crisis.
A massive population transfer began immediately after partition. Millions of Hindus migrated to India from East Bengal. The majority of them settled in West Bengal. A smaller number went to Assam, Tripura and other states. However the refugee crisis was markedly different from Punjab at India's western border. Punjab witnessed widespread communal riots immediately before partition. As a result population transfer in Punjab happened almost immediately after the partition as terrified people left their homes from both sides. Within a year the population exchange was largely complete between East and West Punjab. But in Bengal, violence was limited only to Kolkata and Noakhali. And hence in Bengal migration occurred in a much more gradual fashion and continued over the next three decades following partition. Although riots were limited in pre-independence Bengal, the environment was nonetheless communally charged. Both Hindus in East Bengal and Muslims in West Bengal felt unsafe and had to take a crucial decision that is whether to leave for an uncertain future in another country or to stay in subjugation under the other community. Among Hindus in East Bengal those who were economically better placed, particularly higher caste Hindus, left first. Government employees were given a chance to swap their posts between India and Pakistan. The educated urban upper and middle class, the rural gentry, traders, businessmen and artisans left for India soon after partition. They often had relatives and other connections in West Bengal and were able to settle with less difficulty. Muslims followed a similar pattern. The urban and educated upper and middle class left for East Bengal first.
However poorer Hindus in East Bengal, most of whom belonged to lower castes like the "Namashudras" found it much more difficult to migrate. Their only property was immovable land holdings. Many sharecropped. They didn't have any skills other than farming. As a result most of them decided to stay in East Bengal. However the political climate in Pakistan deteriorated soon after partition and communal violence started to rise. In 1950 severe riots occurred in Barisal and other places in East Pakistan, causing a further exodus of Hindus. The situation was vividly described by Jogendranath Mandal's to the then prime minister of Pakistan Liaquat Ali Khan. Mandal was a "Namashudra" leader and despite being a lower caste Hindu, he supported Muslim League as a protest to the subjugation of lower caste Hindus by their higher caste co-religionists. He fled to India and resigned from his cabinet minister's post. Throughout the next two decades Hindus left East Bengal whenever communal tensions flared up or relationship between India and Pakistan deteriorated, as in 1964. The situation of the Hindu minority in East Bengal reached its worst in the months preceding and during the Bangladesh Liberation War of 1971, when the Pakistani army systematically targeted ethnic Bengalis regardless of religious background as part of Operation Searchlight.
In independent Bangladesh, state sponsored discrimination of Hindus largely stopped. But like India, the two communities relationship remains tense and occasional communal violence occurred, such as in the aftermath of Babri Mosque demolition. Migration to India continues to present day although now it is mostly due to economic reasons and is not limited to Hindus alone.
Muslims in post-independence West Bengal faced similar discrimination. Although unlike East Bengal no state sponsored discrimination of Muslims occurred, they were shunned by the majority community. While Hindus had to flee from East Bengal, Muslims were able to stay in West Bengal. But over the years, they became ghettoised and they were socially and economically segregated from the majority community. Throughout West Bengal Hindus and Muslims live separately in clear cut defined blocks in cities and rural areas. Muslims lag well behind other minorities like Sikhs and Christians in almost all social indicators like literacy and per capita income.
Apart from West Bengal, thousands of Bihari Muslims also settled in East Bengal. They had suffered terribly in severe riots before partition. But they supported West Pakistan during Bangladesh's liberation war and was subsequently denied citizenship by Bengalis in independent Bangladesh. Most of these Bihari refugees still remain stateless.
Statistics.
The 1951 census in India recorded 2.523 million refugees from East Bengal. Among them 2.061 million settled in West Bengal. The rest went to Assam, Tripura and other states. By 1973 their number reached over 6 million. The following table shows the major waves of refugee influx and the incident that caused it.
1951 census in Pakistan recorded 671,000 refugees in East Bengal, the majority of which came from West Bengal. Rest were from Bihar. By 1961 the numbers reached 850,000. Crude estimates suggest that about 1.5 million Muslims migrated from West Bengal and Bihar to East Bengal in two decades after partition.
Government response.
In Punjab, Indian Government anticipated a population transfer and was ready to take proactive measures. Land plots which were evacuated by Muslims were allotted to incoming Hindu and Sikh refugees. Government allocated substantial resources for rehabilitation of refugees in Punjab. In contrast there was no such planning in the eastern part of the country. Neither Central nor West Bengal state Government anticipated any large-scale population exchange and no coordinated policy was in place to rehabilitate millions of homeless people. The newly independent country had few resource and the Central Government was exhausted in resettling 7 million refugees in Punjab. Instead of providing rehabilitation, the Indian Government tried to stop and even reverse the refugee influx from East Bengal. India and Pakistan signed the Nehru-Liaqut pact in 1950 to stop any further population exchange between West and East Bengal. Both countries agreed to take the refugees back and return them their property which they evacuated in their respective countries. But in practice both countries failed to uphold it. Even after it became clear that refugees were determined not to be sent back, the governments of both countries failed to provide any significant assistance. The Government policy of East Bengal refugee rehabilitation mostly consisted of sending them to 'empty areas', mostly outside of West Bengal. One of the most controversial of such schemes was the Government's decision to settle the refugees by force in Dandakaranya, a barren plot of land in central India.
Social impact.
Without Government's assistance the refugees often settled themselves. Some found jobs in factories. Many took small businesses and hawking. Numerous refugee colonies sprang up in Nadia, 24 Paraganas and Kolkata's suburbs.
Tripura's tribal insurgency.
The princely state of Tripura had a predominantly tribal population. But educated Bengalis were welcomed by the King and they were prominent in the state's administration in pre-independence India. But after partition thousands of Bengali Hindus migrated to Tripura. This changed the state's demography completely. Tripura's tribes became a minority in their own homeland and also lost their land holdings. As a result tribal insurgency began which led violent riots among tribes and Bengalis in 1980. Low scale insurgency continues to this day.
Economic impact.
West Bengal.
Radcliffe's line split Bengal, which historically was always a single economic zone, into two-halves. The two-halves were intricately connected with each other. The fertile East produced food and raw materials which the West consumed and the industrialised West produced manufactured goods which were consumed by the East. This mutually beneficial trade and exchange was severely disrupted by the partition. Rail, road and water communication routes were severed between the two. After partition West Bengal suffered from a substantial food shortage as the fertile rice producing districts of Bengal went to the eastern half. The shortage continued throughout the 1950s and 1960s. By 1959, West Bengal faced an annual food shortage of 950,000 tones. Hunger marches became a common site in Kolkata.
Jute was the largest industry in Bengal at the time of partition. Radcliffe's line left every single jute mill in West Bengal but four fifth of the jute producing land in East Bengal. The best quality fibre yielding breeds of jute were cultivated mostly in East Bengal. India and Pakistan initially went into a trade agreement to import raw jute from East Bengal for West Bengal's mills. However, Pakistan had plans to set up its own mills and put restrictions on raw jute export to India. West Bengal's mills faced acute shortage. The industry faced a crisis. On the other hand jute farmers in East Bengal was now without a market to sell their produce. Jute export to West Bengal suddenly became an anti-national act for Pakistan. Smuggling of raw jute shot up across the border. However West Bengal rapidly increased jute production and by mid-to-late 1950s became largely self-sufficient in jute. West Bengal's mills became less dependent on East Bengal for raw material. Pakistan also set up new factories to process its local produce instead of exporting to India. The following table shows jute production details in two countries in 1961.
West Bengal's paper and leather industry faced similar problems. The paper mills used East Bengal's Bamboo and the tanneries consumed leather, also mainly produced in East Bengal. Like jute, lack of raw material pushed these two industries into decline.
Despite center and state governments' best efforts, the pressure of millions of refugees, food shortages and industrial decline put post-independence West Bengal in a severe crisis. Dr. B. C. Roy's government tried to cope up with the situation by initiating several projects. The government built irrigation networks like DVC and Mayurakshi project, the Durgapur industrial zone and the Salt Lake City. But these failed to arrest West Bengal's decline. Poverty rose. West Bengal lost its top place and lagged well behind other Indian states in industrial development. Massive political unrest, strikes and violence crippled the state throughout the next three decade after partition.
North East India.
Rail and road links connecting North East India to the rest of the country passed through East Bengal territory. The lines connecting Siliguri in North Bengal to Kolkata and Assam to Chittagong were severed. The whole Assam Railway was cut off from the rest of the Indian system. These lines carried almost all freight traffic from these regions. The most important commodities were tea and timber. The tea industry in Assam depended on the Chittagong port to export its produce and import raw materials for the industry such as coal which was used as the fuel to dry the tea leaves. The industry was severely hit as Chittagong port went to Pakistan. Initially India and Pakistan reached an agreement to allow cross border transit traffic but now India had to pay a tariff. By 1950, India reconnected Assam to the rest of the country's rail network by building a 229 km meter gauge rail link through the Siliguri Corridor. But now the Tea chests from Assam's gardens would have to be carried over a much longer distance to reach the Kolkata port. Exporting tea via the nearby Chittagong port was still an option but after 1965's war all transit traffic was switched off by Pakistan.
East Pakistan became independent Bangladesh in 1971 but cross border railway traffic did not resume until 2003. By the 1990s, India upgraded the Assam rail link to broad gauge right up to Dibrugarh thereby easing the traffic problem in Brahmaputra valley region. But the southern section of this area which comprises Tripura, Mizoram, Manipur and Barak valley of Assam still faces serious connectivity problem. Talks between the two countries are currently underway to allow transit traffic between this area and mainland India through Bangladesh.
East Bengal.
At the time of partition, East Bengal had no large industry. There were few mineral resources in this region. Its economy was completely agrarian. The main produce was food grains and other crops, jute, bamboo, leather and fish. These raw materials were consumed by factories in and around Kolkata. Kolkata was the center of Bengal's economic and social development for both Hindus and Muslims. All large industries, Military bases, Government offices and most of the institutions of higher education were situated in Kolkata. Without Kolkata Muslim East Bengal was decapitated. It lost its traditional market for agricultural products. It also lost the Kolkata port, the premium port of the whole country at that time. East Bengal had to begin from nothing. Dhaka at that time was only a district headquarters. The Government offices had to be placed inside makeshift buildings. Dhaka also faced a severe human resource crisis. The majority of high-ranking officers in British Indian administration were Hindu and they migrated to West Bengal. Often these posts had to be filled up by West Pakistani officers. Desperately poor, East Bengal soon became politically dominated by West Pakistan. Urdu was imposed upon the whole country. Economic disparities and subjugation of Bengalis by the Punjabi elite eventually led to struggle for separation.
In popular culture.
"Chinnamul" (The Uprooted) a 1950 Bengali film directed by Nemai Ghosh, first dealt with the theme of partition of Bengal. This was followed by Ritwik Ghatak's trilogy, "Meghe Dhaka Tara" (Cloud-covered stars) (1960), "Komal Gandhar" (1961), and "Subarnarekha" (1962), all dealing with the aftermath of the partition.
Bibliography.
Works cited
Works referenced

</doc>
<doc id="2932442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932442" title="Design elements and principles">
Design elements and principles

Design elements and principles describe fundamental ideas about the practice of good visual design.
As William Lidwell stated in "Universal Principles of Design":
Art elements.
Design elements are the basic units of a painting, drawing, design or other visual piece and include:
Color.
Color can play a large role in the elements of design with the color wheel being used as a tool, and color theory providing a body of practical guidance to color mixing and the visual impacts of specific color combination. 
Shape.
A shape is defined as an area that stands out from the space next to or around it due to a defined or implied boundary, or because of differences of value, color, or texture. All objects are composed of shapes and all other 'Elements of Design' are shapes in some way.
Texture.
Meaning the way a surface feels or is perceived to feel. Texture can be added to attract or repel interest to an element, depending on the pleasantness of the texture. 
Most textures have a natural touch but still seem to repeat a motif in some way. Regularly repeating a motif will result in a texture appearing as a pattern.
Space.
In design, space is concerned with the area deep within the moment of designated design, the design will take place on. For a two-dimensional design space concerns creating the illusion of a third dimension on a flat surface: 
Form.
Form is any three-dimensional object. Form can be measured, from top to bottom (height), side to side (width), and from back to front (depth). Form is also defined by light and dark. It can be defined by the presence of shadows on surfaces or faces of an object. There are two types of form, geometric (man-made) and natural (organic form). Form may be created by the combining of two or more shapes. It may be enhanced by tone, texture and color. It can be illustrated or constructed.
Principles of design.
Principles applied to the elements of design that bring them together into one design. How one applies these principles determines how successful a design may be.
Unity/Harmony.
According to Alex White, author of "The Elements of Graphic Design", to achieve visual unity is a main goal of graphic design. When all elements are in agreement, a design is considered unified. No individual part is viewed as more important than the whole design. A good balance between unity and variety must be established to avoid a chaotic or a lifeless design. 
Balance.
It is a state of equalized tension and equilibrium, which may not always be calm. 
Hierarchy.
A good design contains elements that lead the reader through each element in order of its significance. The type and images should be expressed starting from most important to the least.
Scale/proportion.
Using the relative size of elements against each other can attract attention to a focal point. When elements are designed larger than life, scale is being used to show drama.
Dominance/emphasis.
Dominance is created by contrasting size, positioning, color, style, or shape. The focal point should dominate the design with scale and contrast without sacrificing the unity of the whole.
Similarity and contrast.
Planning a consistent and similar design is an important aspect of a designers work to make their focal point visible. Too much similarity is boring but without similarity important elements will not exist and an image without contrast is uneventful so the key is to find the balance between similarity and contrast.
Similar environment.
There are several ways to develop a similar environment:
Contrasts.
Movement is the path the viewer’s eye takes through the artwork, often to focal areas. Such movement can be directed along lines edges, shape and color within the artwork.

</doc>
<doc id="2932446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932446" title="Boxcar Comics">
Boxcar Comics

Boxcar Comics is a webcomic collective. It was founded in 2005 by Zach Miller, the author of Joe and Monkey, with 12 members. Soon after, Mitch Clem and Tom Brazelton, the authors of Nothing Nice To Say and Theater Hopper, respectively, left the Dayfree Press syndicate to join Boxcar.
Boxcar gets its name from the Jawbreaker song of the same title, on the suggestion of Mitch Clem, a friend of Miller and a great fan of Jawbreaker.
Former member comics.
The following comics are either no longer updating or are no longer affiliated with Boxcar Comics:

</doc>
<doc id="2932448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932448" title="Andrei Zyuzin">
Andrei Zyuzin

Andrei Yurievich Zyuzin (; born January 21, 1978) is a Russian professional ice hockey player currently playing for Bilyi Bars of the Ukrainian Hockey Championship. He formerly played for six different teams in the National Hockey League (NHL).
Playing career.
Zyuzin was drafted 2nd overall by the San Jose Sharks in the 1996 NHL Entry Draft. Zyuzin has played 415 career NHL games, scoring 35 goals and 74 assists for 109 points. He was signed as an unrestricted free agent by the Calgary Flames on July 1, 2006. On February 4, 2007 in the Calgary Flames skill competition he had the hardest shot at 99.3 mph. Zyuzin scored one of the biggest goals in the history of the San Jose Sharks when he took a slapshot from the point to beat Ed Belfour and helped the Sharks take Game 4 in the 1997–1998 Western Conference quarterfinals against the Dallas Stars. Zyuzin scored the goal 6:31 into the overtime period and led the Sharks to a 1–0 win.
On June 22, 2007, Andrei Zyuzin was traded to the Chicago Blackhawks along with Steve Marr for defenceman Adrian Aucoin and the Blackhawks' seventh round pick in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="2932451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932451" title="South Korean nationality law">
South Korean nationality law

South Korean nationality law defines who is a South Korean citizen, as well as the procedures by which one may be naturalized into South Korean citizenship or renounce it.
Basic definition.
South Korean nationality can be acquired in a number of ways:
Under the Constitution of the Republic of Korea, Koreans from North Korea are also recognized as South Korean nationals. However, in practice, a formal evaluation needs to take place which requires documentary proof of North Korean nationality. Additionally, Koreans from North Korea do not have automatic protection from South Korea per se, since those with criminal histories are not accepted as South Korean citizens.
Korean diaspora.
Additionally, Korean law legally defines the term Overseas Korean as referring to Republic of Korea nationals who reside overseas as well as Koreans with a Foreign Nationality. The latter group is composed of former Korean nationals who gave up Korean nationality (but barring those who did so to deliberately evade military service, at least until age 36) and children and grandchildren of former Korean nationals. It is important to note that not every descendant of a Korean can be counted as an Overseas Korean or Korean with a Foreign Nationality under this law. For example, a 25 year old man who was born a Korean national overseas but whose birth was unreported will have no documentation to prove his status as a former Korean national, and can only gain status as an Overseas Korean if one of his parents or grandparents gave up Korean nationality. Also, those who fall under Article 7 of the Addenda (Special Cases of Acquisition of Nationality for Persons of Maternal Line By Adoption of Jus Sanguinis to Both Lines of Parents) but failed to acquire Korean nationality are not able to gain the status of an Overseas Korean unless the mother or a maternal grandparent has lost Korean nationality.
Koreans in Japan who have South Korean nationality and Special Permanent Residence in Japan do not have a Resident registration number and cannot apply for a new passport from a South Korean embassy while outside Japan.
Naturalization.
There are three types of naturalization under South Korean law:
Those who acquire Korean nationality by naturalization normally must give up foreign nationality within six months or forfeit Korean nationality. An exception to this is draft-age males, who must complete or be exempted from military service before being allowed to forfeit Korean nationality.
The first person to naturalize as a South Korean citizen was a Taiwanese immigrant in 1957. From then until 2000, there were an average of just 34 naturalizations per year. In the decade that followed, these numbers increased sharply to an average of 9,816 per year, and by January 2011 the cumulative number of naturalized citizens over the years had reached 100,000. Chinese immigrants formed 79% of these, followed by Vietnamese (9.2%), Filipinos (5.2%), and Taiwanese (2.1%).
Former Korean nationals can reacquire Korean nationality by applying for reacquisition of nationality. However, this will reinstate the military service duty, if applicable to the national, and also requires forfeiting any foreign nationality within 6 months.
Dual citizenship.
Current policy.
In 2010 the South Korean Government legalized dual citizenship for some South Koreans who have acquired another nationality/citizenship, as well as foreigners who lived in South Korea for five years (two years if married to a Korean).
A revised nationality law passed on April 21, 2010, by the National Assembly of South Korea and in effect since January 1, 2011, granted a limited number of persons dual citizenship.
These persons include:
There are transitional provisions for those who fit under the first category but had already forfeited one nationality.
As of December 2010, an application for dual citizenship can only be made inside the Republic of Korea and requires the applicant to currently hold an F-series visa. This would normally be an F-5 visa (Permanent Residency) or an F-4 visa (for former Korean nationals and their descendants, including Korean adoptees) or F-2 or F-6 visa (for spouses of Korean nationals).
Former policy.
Prior to 2011, the South Korean government did not permit dual citizenship after the age of 21. Koreans with dual citizenship under South Korean law who work or study in South Korea were legally obliged by South Korea to choose one or the other citizenship soon after reaching that age. 
In addition, South Korean men over the age of 18, including Koreans with foreign citizenship, were subject to compulsory military service. From a law that was effective since 2005, a dual citizen could not be allowed to abandon his South Korean citizenship until he finished his military service, or had received a special exemption from military service. In several cases, men of South Korean descent holding U.S. citizenship visiting from overseas had been drafted upon visiting the country, despite having never been there before and not having Korean citizenship. At least two of the aforementioned cases had involved individuals whose names had been recorded on the Korean Family Census Register (See Hoju), which does not automatically remove the names of former South Korean citizens, without their knowledge

</doc>
<doc id="2932452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932452" title="World Shut Your Mouth">
World Shut Your Mouth

World Shut Your Mouth may be:

</doc>
<doc id="2932453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932453" title="Davies Ward Phillips &amp; Vineberg">
Davies Ward Phillips &amp; Vineberg

Davies Ward Phillips & Vineberg LLP is an integrated firm of approximately 240 lawyers with offices in Toronto, Montreal, and New York. It is one of the Toronto law firms known as the Seven Sisters. Davies focuses on business law and is consistently at the heart of large and complex commercial and financial matters on behalf of its clients, regardless of borders. The firm acts for a wide range of industrial and commercial companies and financial institutions, both public and private; the firm's clients are located in Canada, the United States, and abroad. The firm’s M&A practice spans most industrial and service sectors and includes representation in transactions of every size.
The firm has a high percentage of top-ranked lawyers relative to other major Canadian firms. It is a market leader in each of its core practice areas: the 2013 Lexpert®/American Lawyer Guide to the Leading 500 Lawyers in Canada ranks Davies as the leading Canadian firm in corporate transactions (including banking, competition law, corporate / commercial law, corporate finance and securities, corporate tax, and mergers and acquisitions).

</doc>
<doc id="2932457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932457" title="Cock-a-leekie soup">
Cock-a-leekie soup

Cock-a-leekie soup is a Scottish soup dish of leeks and chicken stock, often thickened with rice, or sometimes barley. The original recipe added prunes during cooking, and traditionalists still garnish with a julienne of prunes.
While it is called “Scotland’s National Soup,” it probably originated as a chicken and onion soup in France. By the 16th century, it had made its way to Scotland, where the onions were replaced with leeks. The first recipe was printed in 1598, though the name “cock-a-leekie” did not come into use until the 18th century.

</doc>
<doc id="2932459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932459" title="Luis L. Ramirez">
Luis L. Ramirez

Luis L. Ramirez (June 19, 1963 – October 20, 2005) was executed by lethal injection in the U.S. state of Texas. He was convicted of hiring Edward Bell to kill the boyfriend of his former wife. He was the 15th person executed in Texas in 2005.
Crime.
Ramirez and his wife, Dawn, were divorced in 1995 and two years later she began dating Nemecio Nandin, a fireman and part-time repairman of washing machines and dryers. In early April 1998, Ramirez was seen meeting with Bell. Tim Hoogstra, a paid police informant, would later testify that Bell said he had been offered $1,000 to kill Nandin. Tim Hoogstra was paid $500 to give this evidence.
On April 8, 1998 Bell called Nandin and said that he needed someone to fix his washing machine. Once at the Miles, Texas home of Bell, Nandin was led to a chicken coop, where he was handcuffed and shot once in the head with a shotgun. He was then buried in a shallow grave. Bell later fled to Tyler, Texas. The body of Nandin was discovered about three weeks later after he was reported missing when he didn't turn up for work. Bell was arrested in Tyler and business cards, maps and hand-written notes linked him to Ramirez.
Trial and appeals.
Ramirez was indicted on June 4 for solicitation of capital murder. Almost a year later on May 7, 1999 he was convicted and in the separate penalty phase, sentenced to death on May 14. For his part in the crime, Bell was sentenced to life imprisonment. For the next six years his appeals to the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals, United States district courts, 5th Circuit Court of Appeals, and United States Supreme Court were denied. Ramirez was adamant up to his death of his innocence and said that there was no way he was involved in the crime. He said he was in Brady, Texas on the day of the murder. Hoogstra was also a self-admitted "daily drug abuser".
On 19 October 2005, the Texas Board of Pardons and Paroles denied a request to commute the sentence to life imprisonment. Further appeals to the United States Supreme Court were also denied. Although new evidence placed Luis Ramirez at a gas station in a different city at the time of the murder the Supreme Court denied him stating (in short) he was convicted for remuneration not for pulling the trigger.
Execution.
He was pronounced dead at 6:18 p.m. CDT on October 20, 2005 in the execution chamber at the Huntsville Unit. He made no last meal request. During his final statement he said to the four siblings of Nandin:
Ramirez then turned toward a couple of friends that were present told them he loved them. "Even though I die, that love for you will never die", he said. As the lethal drugs began flowing into his arms, Ramirez told the witnesses, "It's OK. It's all right. I'm not afraid."
Ramirez left behind 3 children and many family members and friends who are still trying to prove his innocence.

</doc>
<doc id="2932460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932460" title="Lausus">
Lausus

Lausus was the son of the ousted Etruscan king Mezentius, and fought with him against Aeneas and the Trojans in Italy. He appears in Virgil's Aeneid in Books VII and X. When his father is wounded by Aeneas, Lausus steps in between them, and Aeneas strikes them down. In doing so, Lausus embodies the idea of "pietas" that Virgil praises throughout, exemplified in the relationships of Anchises and Aeneas and of Pallas and Evander. Aeneas immediately feels remorse for having killed the boy, and reproaches Lausus' men for keeping a distance rather than caring for the body: "Then to the stripling's tardy followers / he sternly called, and lifted from the earth / with his own hand the fallen foe: dark blood / defiled those princely tresses braided fair."
Lausus is considered a foil to Pallas, the son of King Evander: both are young, come down from royal blood, are handsome, strong, full of filial piety, and both die at the hands of greater heroes.

</doc>
<doc id="2932466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932466" title="Intersegmental General Education Transfer Curriculum">
Intersegmental General Education Transfer Curriculum

The Intersegmental General Education Transfer Curriculum (IGETC) is an educational plan for California community college students designed to facilitate transferring to a four-year public university. Public universities include all UC and CSU schools.
Completion of the IGETC will permit a student to transfer without the need to take additional general education courses at their university. This enables a student to focus only on their specialization once accepted into a UC or CSU.
A common misconception is that the IGETC is an admission requirement into a university. The IGETC is a recommended certification that students receive from community college. Students that complete the IGETC are waived from general breadth courses in their university. By waiving these classes students can save money by fulfilling general education requirements in a cheaper institution.
The IGETC requires completion a minimum of 37 semester or 49 quarter transferable units with a C grade or better in each class. Students can choose to take classes across any California Community College campuses. They must fulfill a certain number of units from each of these areas: English Communication, Mathematical Concepts and Quantitative Reasoning, Arts and Humanities, Social and Behavior Sciences, Physical and Biological Sciences, and Foreign Language.
Different community colleges use different titles for courses. For example, English Composition is known as “English 101” in one campus and “English 1A” in another. Unfortunately there is no universal list of classes with numbers. Students need to match the class description in their catalog.
Also, there are slight differences between the requirements for a UC and CSU. For example, a CSU requires oral communication while a UC would not.
Different areas of the IGETC.
Source:
Area 1: English Communication.
Requirements are ‘English Composition’, ‘Critical Thinking - English Composition’, and ‘Oral Communication’. ‘Oral Communication’ is ONLY required for CSU schools. This is six required units for a UC and nine for CSU.
Area 2: Mathematical Concepts and Quantitative Reasoning.
Requirement is one mathematics course - 3 units.
Area 3: Arts and Humanities.
Three courses are required (9 units); At least one in Arts and at least one in humanities.
Area 4: Social and Behavioral Sciences.
Three courses are required (9 units); at least two separate discipline. Disciplines include Anthropology and Archeology, Economics, Ethnic Studies, Gender studies, Geography, History, Interdisciplinary Social & Behavioral Sciences, Political Science, Psychology, and Sociology.
Area 5: Physical and Biological Sciences.
Two courses are required (7 units); at least one physical science and at least one biological. One of these courses must have a lab.
Area 6: Foreign Language (only required for UC).
The Foreign Language course is required for UCs only. If you have proficiency equivalence of two years in high school this may be waived.

</doc>
<doc id="2932467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932467" title="Ivan Stepanovich Yumashev">
Ivan Stepanovich Yumashev

Ivan Stepanovich Yumashev () (, Tbilisi – September 2, 1972, Leningrad) was a Soviet Navy admiral, Hero of the Soviet Union (September 14, 1945), and Commander-in-Chief of the Soviet Naval Forces from January 1947 to July 1951.
Yumashev was the son of a railwayman and joined the Baltic Fleet after finishing school in 1912. He served as a machinist and was promoted to petty officer in 1917. During the Russian Civil War he served in the Volga River and Caspian Sea flotillas. In 1921 he was gunnery officer on the battleship "Marat". In 1926 he transferred to the Black Sea Fleet as captain of the cruiser "Komintern". He subsequently commanded the cruiser "Profintern" and destroyer flotillas.
In 1938 Yumashev was given command of the Soviet Pacific Fleet and led it during the war against Japan. In 1947 he was promoted to Commander in Chief of the Soviet Navy in 1947 together with becoming Navy Minister replacing Nikolai Gerasimovich Kuznetsov. In 1951 Admiral Kuznetsov was restored to his position and Yumashev was made a deputy of the Supreme Soviet and director of the Naval Academy. Yumashev retired in 1957
Ivan Yumashev was awarded six Orders of Lenin, three Orders of the Red Banner, Order of the Red Star, and numerous medals. The Kresta II class cruiser, "Admiral Yumashev" was named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="2932470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932470" title="Tomáš Žižka">
Tomáš Žižka

Tomáš Žižka (born October 10, 1979) is a Czech professional ice hockey defenseman currently playing for HC Kometa Brno of the Czech Extraliga.
Playing career.
Žižka was drafted 163rd overall by the Los Angeles Kings in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft. He played 25 career NHL games, scoring 2 goals and 6 assists for 8 points.

</doc>
<doc id="2932476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932476" title="Stikeman Elliott">
Stikeman Elliott

Stikeman Elliott LLP is a Canadian corporate law firm. It is known as one of the "seven sisters" in Toronto and has approximately 500 lawyers in five Canadian offices as well as offices in New York, London, and Sydney. It was founded in 1952 by H. Heward Stikeman and Fraser Elliott.
History of the firm.
Stikeman Elliott's history as a law firm began in 1952, when Heward Stikeman and Fraser Elliott established a tax boutique firm in Montreal. The firm expanded throughout the ensuing years, eventually becoming one of the largest full-service business law firms in Canada. Notably, this growth has come exclusively through the hiring of new lawyers or laterals from other firms - Stikeman Elliott has never merged with another firm, one of the few Bay Street firms to not do so.
Career Programs.
Stikeman Elliott runs several training and career programs. Some of them are student programs in summer, articleships, and many others at various offices in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2932490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932490" title="Young Love (Janet Jackson song)">
Young Love (Janet Jackson song)

"Young Love" is a song by American recording artist Janet Jackson from her self-titled debut album (1982). It was written and produced by René Moore, Angela Winbush, with additional production by Bobby Watson. It was released as Jackson's debut single on July 7, 1982 by A&M Records. Prior to her rise to fame, the singer had no interest in pursuing a musical career. Despite this, she was motivated to pursue a career in entertainment, and considered the idea after recording herself in the studio. After acting in the variety show "The Jacksons", she began starring in several TV series and commenced recording her debut album.
"Young Love" received generally positive reviews from music critics, who highlighted it as a standout song from "Janet Jackson" and praised its catchiness. It peaked at number 64 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, and was a success on the R&B chart, additionally peaking at number 16 in New Zealand. In order to promote her album, she performed the song on "Soul Train" and included the song on her 2008 Rock Witchu Tour and her performance at the 2010 Essence Music Festival.
Background.
Janet Jackson was born in Gary, Indiana, the youngest of ten children. Jackson had initially desired to become a horse racing jockey or entertainment lawyer, with plans to support herself through acting. Despite this, she was anticipated to pursue a career in entertainment, and considered the idea after recording herself in the studio. At age seven, Jackson performed at the Las Vegas Strip at the MGM Casino and began acting in the variety show "The Jacksons" in 1976. The year after, she was selected to have a starring role as Penny Gordon Woods in the sitcom "Good Times". She later starred in "A New Kind of Family" before joining the cast of "Diff'rent Strokes", portraying Charlene Duprey for two years. Jackson also played the recurring role of Cleo Hewitt during the fourth season of "Fame", but expressed indifference towards the series. When Jackson was sixteen, she was arranged a contract with A&M Records and began recording her debut album with the assistance of her father, working with a number of songwriters and producers such as René Moore, Angela Winbush and Bobby Watson, who produced her first single, entitled "Young Love", released on July 7, 1982.
Composition and reception.
Lou Broadus, music director of WASC Radio, described the song as an "uptempo, happy song with a good hook". After the single "Young Love" was released, it became a hit with young people. Stephen Thomas Erlewine from website AllMusic noted that Jackson demonstrated "no distinctive musical personality of her own, which isn't surprising considering that she was in her teens. [...] Only "Young Love" stands out among the undistinguished, sub-disco thumpers and drippy ballads. Similarly, Wilson & Alroy's Record Reviews commented that "only "Young Love" has the catchiness Winbush is capable of" among the first part of the album.
In the United States, "Young Love" received little notoriety on the principal singles chart, the "Billboard" Hot 100; it was able to reach a peak of number 64. However, on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, the single managed to reach number six. In New Zealand, "Young Love" debuted at number 46 on its singles chart, on the issue dated March 13, 1983. Several weeks later, on April 17, 1983, the song reached its peak of number 16. It fell off the chart on May 1, at number 33. A year later, it re-entered the singles chart, at number 45.
Live performances.
In order to promote "Janet Jackson", she performed the song on American TV shows "American Bandstand" and "Soul Train" in 1982. Several years later, Jackson included the song on her 2008 Rock Witchu Tour in the "Pre-Control Medley" section of the show. It was later added to her performance at the 2010 Essence Music Festival, held in New Orleans, Louisiana, which she headlined.
Credits and personnel.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="2932491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932491" title="Sergei Zinovjev">
Sergei Zinovjev

Sergei Olegovich Zinovjev (; born March 4, 1980 in Prokopyevsk, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union) is a Russian professional ice hockey centre currently playing for Salavat Yulaev Ufa of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL). He is two-time World Champion (2008, 2009) for the Russian national team.
Zinovjev was selected 73rd overall by the Boston Bruins in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft. Zinovjev has played ten career NHL games, scoring one assist. In 2004, Zinovjev was released from the Russian national team after testing positive for marijuana.
In July 2009, he signed a five-year contract with Salavat Yulaev Ufa.

</doc>
<doc id="2932493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932493" title="Princes Bridge railway station">
Princes Bridge railway station

Princes Bridge was a Melbourne railway station built in 1859 and was the terminus for all Epping line and Hurstbridge line trains. The station was named after the adjacent Princes Bridge, which crosses the Yarra River. Originally Princes Bridge station was isolated from Flinders Street Station, even though it was adjacent to it, sited just on the opposite side of Swanston Street. Some years later the railway tracks were extended under the street to join the two stations, and Princes Bridge slowly became amalgamated into the larger Flinders Street Station.
History.
Originally known as Prince's Bridge (as was the bridge itself), the station was opened as the city terminus of the Melbourne and Suburban Railway Company line to Punt Road (Richmond) in 1859. Extended to Prahran in 1859 and Windsor in 1860, it formed today's Sandringham line. A small engine shed was built east of the station in 1859 by the company. A locomotive depot later replaced it on a new site, built in 1888 and demolished for the Jolimont Workshops in 1917 as part of the electrification of the suburban network.
The Hobson's Bay, Melbourne and St Kilda and Brighton railway companies merged in 1865, with the three systems connected in October 1865 and Princes Bridge closed. It was not until 2 April 1879 when the Railways Department that it was reopened, to operate as the terminus of the newly opened Gippsland Railway. The City Morgue was located close to the station entry on Swanston Street, until acquired by the railways and demolished in 1890. The direct connection between Princes Bridge and Clifton Hill station was not opened until October 1901. Before this time trains from the north-eastern suburbs used the Inner Circle line via Fitzroy to reach Spencer Street Station.
By 1910 the two stations were joined together, the three platforms at Princes Bridge. One was an extension of Flinders Street platform 1 (number 1 east) while the other two were an island platform with tracks numbered 15 and 16. Track 15 was a dead end, but track 16 (the northern-most track) had a traverser between it and a parallel run around siding to allow steam locomotives to change ends. A footbridge provided pedestrian access to the east end of the island platform, with the 'Flinders Street D' signal box located beyond it. Further north-east of the main lines to Jolimont was a locomotive siding and a coal stage, and carriage siding were located to the south-east. By 1957 the sidings had been rationalised, with the locomotive facilities and traverser removed. The sidings now formed part of Jolimont Yard.
The original Princes Bridge station buildings were demolished and replaced with the Princes Gate Towers, also known as the Gas and Fuel Corporation towers, with new tracks and platforms commissioned in December 1964. The site retained the name "Princes Bridge Station" until 29 June 1980, when it was integrated into Flinders Street Station as platforms 14, 15 and 16. By 1975 the track had been simplified to only run into platform 14, 15 and 16, and had been further simplified by 1982 due to the construction nearby of the City Circle portal of the City Loop. The track layout remained the same in 1995.
From 6 December 1981 until 23 August 1993, a train service called "City Circle" originated at the station. This train ran in a circle around the City Loop, stopping at all stations, before returning to Princes Bridge. It was replaced by the City Circle Tram in mid-1994.
The State Government announced the Federation Square project in 1996, with the Gas and Fuel towers demolished to make way. Piling works and crash walls for Federation Square were done by October 1998 with the deck was completed by mid-1999, with building works atop of it commencing in August 1999. The old platform space is now used as part of the Australian Centre for the Moving Image.

</doc>
<doc id="2932494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932494" title="1948–49 European Rugby League Championship">
1948–49 European Rugby League Championship

This was ninth European Championship and was won for the second time by France.

</doc>
<doc id="2932510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932510" title="Dwayne Zinger">
Dwayne Zinger

Dwayne Zinger (born July 5, 1976 in Coronation, Alberta), is a Canadian ice hockey defenceman who is currently an assistant coach with the Greenville Road Warriors of the East Coast Hockey League.
Career.
He was signed by the Detroit Red Wings as a free agent in 2000 after graduating from the University of Alaska-Fairbanks. He played eight seasons in the American Hockey League between 2000 and 2008, and played seven National Hockey League games with the Washington Capitals in 2003–04 NHL season, recording one assist. He played the 2008–09 season with the Odense Bulldogs of the Danish Elite League. On September 14, 2009, Zinger returned to North America and signed a one-year contract with Cincinnati Cyclones of the ECHL for the 2009–10 season.
Zinger was named the head coach of the Queen City Storm on September 27, 2010

</doc>
<doc id="2932523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932523" title="Zinger">
Zinger

Zinger may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2932530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932530" title="Michael Worsnip">
Michael Worsnip

Michael Worsnip is a South African Anglican theologian. He is author of the book "Priest and Partisan: A South African journey" on anti-Apartheid activist and fellow Anglican priest, Father Michael Lapsley. He was formerly the Secretary General of the Lesotho Council of churches and was deported from South Africa after giving an interview to the BBC.
He is currently Land Claims Commissioner for the Western Cape,he has previously been involved in Land and Housing in South Africa.
Publications.
Worsnip's publications include:

</doc>
<doc id="2932534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932534" title="Swing and Dance with Frank Sinatra">
Swing and Dance with Frank Sinatra

Sing and Dance with Frank Sinatra is the sixth studio album by Frank Sinatra. The tracks were arranged and conducted by George Siravo and his orchestra (except for track four, which was conducted by Hugo Winterhalter). Original Columbia 10-inch 33 1/3-rpm LP and 78-rpm album set released October 16, 1950; the 7-inch 45-rpm EP and EP box sets were released in October 1952. (See Gramophone record for an explanation of these formats.)
It would prove to be the final album that Sinatra released under the Columbia label, another three years before he would start recording for Capitol and another year after that before his next album, entitled "Songs For Young Lovers", would be released in 1954. Six of the eight songs on this LP would be remade for one of his contractual obligation albums to Capitol, "Sinatra's Swingin' Session!!!".
For its compact disc reissue in 1996, alternate versions of six songs – including "I've Got A Crush On You" and "All of Me" – are included. The extra songs in this compilation, titled slightly differently as Swing And Dance With Frank Sinatra, were recorded between 1944 and 1951.
Personnel.
Expanded CD produced by Charles L. Granata & Didier C. Deutsch
Track listing.
Re-issue ("Swing and Dance with Frank Sinatra") track listing.
All tracks arranged and conducted by George Siravo except for the marked songs:

</doc>
<doc id="2932535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932535" title="Melville Macnaghten">
Melville Macnaghten

Sir Melville Leslie Macnaghten CB KPM (16 June 1853, Woodford, London –12 May 1921) was Assistant Commissioner (Crime) of the London Metropolitan Police from 1903 to 1913. 
He is known for a major report in 1894 on the Jack the Ripper case, naming three possible Jack the Ripper suspects.
Early career.
The youngest of fifteen children of Elliot Macnaghten, the last Chairman of the British East India Company, Macnaghten was educated at Eton. After leaving school in 1872, he went to India to run his father's tea estates in Bengal and remained there until 1888, albeit with occasional visits back home. In 1881 he was assaulted by Indian land rioters and as a result, became friends with James Monro, who was District Judge and Inspector-General in the Bombay Presidency at the time. 
On 3 October 1878 he married Dora Emily Sanderson, the daughter of a canon from Chichester; they eventually had two sons and two daughters.
Career in the Criminal Investigation Department.
Upon his return to England, Macnaghten was offered the post of first Assistant Chief Constable (CID) in the Metropolitan Police by Monro, who by that time had become the first Assistant Commissioner (Crime); however this appointment was opposed by Charles Warren, the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis, allegedly due to the beating he took by "the Hindoos" back in Bengal; but the real reason seemed to be that Warren and Monro did not get along well from the beginning. Warren's rejection of Macnaghten widened the rift between the two men, resulting in Monro's resignation and his transfer to Special Branch by the Home Secretary, Henry Matthews.
However, due to the continuous disagreements with Home Secretary Matthews, Commissioner Warren chose to resign on 9 November 1888. Monro was brought in to succeed him as Commissioner. With this turn of events, Macnaghten was brought in with the position of Assistant Chief Constable in June 1889; he was later promoted to Chief Constable in 1890, following the unexpected death of the first incumbent, Adolphus Williamson.
Macnaghten's report on Jack the Ripper.
Even though he was not directly involved with the investigation of the Ripper killings, Macnaghten, like most members of the Metropolitan Police, took an active interest in the case. As Chief Constable he had access to police records on the case; as a result of his own investigation he wrote a confidential report dated February 23, 1894; however, the report was not publicly available until 1959. This report proved influential for Ripper research, for it popularized the idea that the Ripper only had five true victims and also named three possible suspects. 
Although some information about the suspect he believed most likely to have been the murderer had been available before the turn of the century, the name of the suspect was not made public until 1959. Macnaghten's favored suspect was Montague John Druitt, a barrister turned teacher who allegedly committed suicide sometime in December 1888. Unfortunately, Macnaghten, in writing from memory, committed many factual errors in his report regarding Druitt. There is no evidence of contemporary police suspicion against him at the time of the murders and no evidence linking him to the murders. Frederick Abberline, the detective who led the investigation, did not believe that Druitt was the Ripper. In his published memoirs, "Days of My Years", Macnaghten does not mention a suspect by name although he devotes a chapter to the Ripper Murders in which he implies that the identity of the killer is known. The description in the chapter points to Druitt. Curiously, Douglas G. Browne in his "The Rise of Scotland Yard", states that Macnaghten "appears to identify the Ripper with the leader of a plot to assassinate Mr Balfour at the Irish Office." This reference is puzzling because, although there were Fenian plots to assassinate Balfour, Druitt is not known to have had any such connections and it is extremely unlikely that he did. 
The second of Macnaghten's three suspects was Aaron Kosminski, a Polish Jew who lived in Whitechapel and was committed to an insane asylum in 1891. While not on the top of the list as Druitt, he was certainly suspected by Robert Anderson, the man who succeeded Monro as Assistant Commissioner, with apparent confirmation by Chief Inspector Donald Swanson, Anderson's desk officer. As with Druitt, there is no concrete evidence to support this allegation, and it is suggested that naming Kosminski as a suspect seemed to reflect anti-semitism rather than a genuine connection to the case. 
The third suspect in Macnaghten's report was a man named Michael Ostrog, a Russian-born thief and con man who affected several aliases and disguises and was detained in asylums in several occasions. Again there is little to support this suspicion against Ostrog: records indicated that he was imprisoned in France during the murders. The fact that Ostrog was arrested and imprisoned before the report was written raises the question of why Ostrog was included at all as a viable suspect.
Later career, including as Assistant Commissioner.
In 1900 Macnaghten served in the Belper Committee to inquire about "the working of the method of Identification of Criminals by Measurement and Fingerprints". As the committee recommended the use of fingerprints as a means of identification over bertillonage, largely due to the testimony of Edward Henry on their respective merits.
When Henry was appointed Commissioner in 1903, succeeding Sir Edward Bradford, Macnaghten was appointed Assistant Commissioner (Crime) and became involved in many of the most famous cases in the history of the Metropolitan Police, including the Hawley Harvey Crippen case and the Farrow double murder case, which resulted in the conviction and hanging of the Albert and Alfred Stratton largely on the basis on fingerprint evidence. He also claimed in his memoirs to have found the critical female witness who exonerated the falsely convicted Adolf Beck, a notorious mis-carriage of justice which led to the creation of the Court of Criminal Appeal.
Macnaghten was knighted in the 1907 Birthday Honours. In the 1912 New Year Honours, he was appointed Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB). He was awarded the King's Police Medal (KPM) in the 1913 New Year Honours. He was also a Knight Commander of the White Military Order of Spain and a Commander of the Order of the Dannebrog.
Retirement and later life.
However, in 1911 Macnaghten was experiencing the first signs of ill-health; even a trip to Australia the following year failed to improve matters. He was forced to retire from his job in 1913. Macnaghten's successor at Scotland Yard was Basil Thomson who had attended New College, Oxford at the same time as Montague John Druitt, Macnaghten's preferred Ripper suspect.
In 1914 he published his memoirs "Days of My Years". He also made a translation of Horace's "Ars Poetica" into English verse, an effort to which he devoted the last ten years of his life.
Macnaghten died on 12 May 1921 at Queen Anne's Mansions, Westminster.
Macnaghten in fiction.
Macnaghten appears as a character in "The Adventures of Inspector Lestrade" (1985), ISBN 0-333-38447-4, the first of the Inspector Lestrade novels by M. J. Trow. The book deals with the aftermath of the Ripper case and with Macnaghten's report. Trow misspells Macnaghten's name as "McNaghten" in his book and presents a fictional version of Macnaghten's daughter. 
Macnaghten also features prominently in the later chapters of Alan Moore's seminal graphic novel From Hell.

</doc>
<doc id="2932538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932538" title="Voidable contract">
Voidable contract

A voidable contract, unlike a void contract, is a valid contract. At most, one party to the contract is bound. The unbound party may repudiate the contract, at which time the contract is void.
As per Section 2(i), " An agreement which is enforceable by law at the option of one or more parties but not at the option of the other or others is a Voidable Contract."
As per section 15-19 "A contract becomes voidable when the consent of one or more of the parties to a contract is obtained by coercion, undue influence, misrepresentation or fraud
an agreement which is enforceable by law at the option of one or more parties but not at the option of the other or others is a voidable contract.

</doc>
<doc id="2932539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932539" title="Mahanandin">
Mahanandin

Mahanandin was a king of the Shishunaga dynasty of the Indian subcontinent. The dynasty ruled parts of ancient India around the city of Patliputra (present day Patna, Bihar).

</doc>
<doc id="2932542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932542" title="De La Salle Lipa">
De La Salle Lipa

De La Salle Lipa or DLSL is a Lasallian educational institution located in Lipa City, Batangas, Philippines. It is the latest of the third generation of La Salle schools founded by the De La Salle Brothers in the country: La Salle Academy-Iligan (Iligan City, Lanao del Norte) in 1958, La Salle Green Hills (Mandaluyong) in 1959, Saint Joseph School-La Salle (Villamonte, Bacolod City) in 1960 and lastly, De La Salle Lipa in 1962.
History.
In school year 1985-1986, the College Department was formally opened, with Ms. Elsie Rabago as officer-in-charge. Ms. Norma Blanco was appointed the school's first lay high school principal in 1989. Because of the burgeoning school population, Br. Narciso Erquiza FSC was appointed as a resident president.
On May 15, 1995, Brother Rafael Donato FSC, former President of De La Salle University, assumed the presidency of De La Salle Lipa. Under Br. Donato, the school constructed the SENTRUM[, the Sen. Jose W. Diokno Building, the Chez Avenir Hotel (which is now called Chez Rafael), the St. La Salle Building and Noli Me Tangere and El Filibusterismo Clusters of the Jose Rizal Building and the Centennial Sports Plaza.
Donato retired in 2003 and was conferred the title President Emeritus by the school in special ceremonies held at the auditorium of the Sen. Jose Diokno Building.
In 1996, the school opened a graduate school, offering a Master in Management Technology. In 1997, the school became the first educational institution in Batangas to go online, with its web site launched in the same year.
A year later, De La Salle Lipa became one of the first schools around the world to launch an alumni registry web site. Called "Umpokan", the web site has become fully interactive and is an online meeting place for graduates of the school.
In 2002, Mr. Juan Lozano was appointed the school's first Vice-President and Chief Operating Officer. In 2003, Br. Rafael Donato retired from active service and was named "President Emeritus". Brother Manuel Pajarillo FSC was then appointed President.
The school changed its organizational structure in 2005. With Br. Pajarillo still the school's President, Lozano was elevated to the position of Executive Vice-President. Mr. Rex Torrecampo was, meanwhile, appointed as the first Vice-President for Administration. The following year, Dr. Corazon Abansi became the school's first Vice-President for Academics and Research.
In 2006, the school's corporation papers were amended to officially make it part of an umbrella corporation, De La Salle Philippines, which was formed to see to it that the operation of De La Salle schools are in line with the mission of the De La Salle Brothers in the Philippines.
In May 2007, in keeping with the standards set by De La Salle Philippines, the Executive Vice-President became known as the Chancellor, while the two Vice-Presidents became known as Vice-Chancellors. While in school year 2006-2007, Pajarillo was president of three De La Salle schools (Lipa, Dasmariñas and the Health Sciences Institute also in Dasmarinas, Cavite), in 2007 he was President solely of De La Salle Lipa.
Campus.
The De La Salle Lipa campus sits on a 10-hectare lot next to the J.P. Laurel National highway, (Japan-Philippine Friendship highway), just on the outskirts of Lipa City. It is 5 minutes away by car from the Southern Tagalog Arterial Road (STAR), which links the city to the Southern Luzon Express Way (SLEX). Batangas City, the provincial capital, is 40 minutes away via STAR tollway.
Entering the main access gate at the front of campus, visitors drive into well-paved concrete roads with parking facilities for more than 200 vehicles. The SENTRUM is the first major structure seen, which is a multi-purpose building which has been the venue of pop concerts, professional basketball games, corporate assemblies and religious gatherings.
In front of the SENTRUM is a well-kept garden that has a stone sculpture of the founder of the school, St. John Baptist de la Salle.
Just near this are the Chez Rafael (formerly Chez Avenir named in honor of the school's former President Br. Rafael S. Donato FSC), a laboratory hotel for BS Hotel & Restaurant Management majors, and the Sen. Jose Diokno Building, which holds the College’s Learning Resource Center and the offices of top administration.
There are two unofficial divisions to the campus: the Integrated School side and the College side, although students are not restricted from crossing to either side .
In the Integrated School side, the most recognizable structure is the St. La Salle Building, which is made up of several clusters just in front of the highway. The main cluster that offers the main access gate for Integrated School students is called the Hall of Lasallian Saints. The hall offers access to the building’s classrooms as well as to the historic Br. Henry Virgil Memorial Gymnasium. The other main structures for Integrated School students are the St. Benilde, St. Mutien Marie Building and Br. Gregory Refuerzo Buildings. The Learning Resource Center is located inside the Br. Vernon Mabile Building.
College students hold classes in the western half of the campus. The main structures in this side are the Claro M. Recto, Jose Rizal which is composed of the Noli Me Tangere and El Filibusterismo clusters and Apolinario Mabini Buildings. The Gregorio Zara building can also be found in the college side of the building, informally known as the I.T. Domain Building, which holds the school’s Network Operations Center as well as three computer laboratories. Beside the Gregorio Zara Building is a gate and an access road that leads to the De La Salle Brothers’ Novitiate.
Organizational Divisions.
Academic Division.
"Integrated School"
"College"
Offices Under the OP and the OEVP.
Office of the President
Office of the Executive Vice-President

</doc>
<doc id="2932545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932545" title="Michael Zigomanis">
Michael Zigomanis

Michael "Mike" Zigomanis (born January 17, 1981) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre. who currently plays with the Rochester Americans of the American Hockey League (AHL). Zigomanis was drafted twice. In the 1999 NHL Entry Draft he was selected 64th overall by the Buffalo Sabres, but was not signed. He re-entered for the 2001 NHL Entry Draft and was selected by the Carolina Hurricanes 46th overall. Zigomanis was born in North York, Ontario, but grew up in Scarborough, Ontario.
Zigomanis adheres to a vegan diet.
Early life.
He was born to Macedonian parents who emigrated to Canada from the Kastoria in Aegean Macedonia, Greece. Zigomanis attended Father Michael McGivney Catholic Academy in Markham, graduating in 2000.
Playing career.
Zigomanis was originally drafted in the 2nd round, 64th overall, by the Buffalo Sabres in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft. Zigomanis agreed to terms with the Sabres just before the 5 pm deadline on June 1, 2001, but there was a typographical error in his contract that was faxed to the league offices. By the time the error was discovered, the deadline had passed, and the NHL ruled that he would have to re-enter the NHL draft, as he had not been signed before the deadline. He re-entered the draft and was selected 46th overall by Carolina Hurricanes in 2001. Zigomanis has played 134 career NHL games, scoring 19 goals and 14 assists for 33 points. Zigomanis played four seasons of Junior Hockey with the Kingston Frontenacs of the Ontario Hockey League. He represented Canada at the 2001 World Junior Hockey Championships.
Having terrific vision, soft hands and adept in a passing touch, and great skill on the faceoff, Zigomanis has molded his role as a third-line playmaker. The Coyotes signed him to a contract extension through the 2008–09 season on February 16, 2007. On October 9, 2008, he was traded to the Pittsburgh Penguins for future considerations. Zigomanis provided faceoff and penalty killing expertise to Pittsburgh.
He signed a professional tryout with the Toronto Marlies of the American Hockey League on October 19, 2009. Zigomanis played only seven games but managed to score 13 points (all assists) before leaving for Europe on November 10, 2009, signing a contract for the rest of the 2009–10 season with Djurgårdens IF of the Swedish Elitserien.
On July 15, 2010, Zigomanis signed as a free agent to return to Toronto, signing a one-year, two-way contract with the Maple Leafs. On July 12, 2011, Zigomanis signed a one-year, two-way contract with the Toronto Maple Leafs worth $665,000 at the NHL level and $300,000 at the AHL level.
On December 21, 2011, nude photos purporting to be of Zigomanis appeared on the internet, allegedly uploaded by a former friend. Zigomanis denied the photos were of him and subsequently instructed a lawyer.
After recording professional career highs of 61 points during the 2011–12 season, Zigomanis opted to remain with the Marlies and was re-signed to a one-year AHL contract as a free agent on July 30, 2012.
On July 10, 2013, Zigomanis signed an AHL-only contract with the Rochester Americans, the minor-league affiliate of the Buffalo Sabres, the team that drafted him in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="2932546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932546" title="Bell Trade Act">
Bell Trade Act

The Bell Trade Act of 1946, also known as the Philippine Trade Act, was an act passed by the United States Congress specifying the economic conditions governing the independence of the Philippines from the United States. The United States Congress offered $800 million for post World War II rebuilding funds if the Bell Trade Act was ratified by Philippine legislature, which duly approved the measure on July 2, two days before independence from the United States of America.
Authored by Missouri Congressman C. Jasper Bell, the Bell Trade Act linked the Philippine economy to the United States economy in several ways:
Filipino nationalists denounced the Bell Trade Act. Even the reliably pro-American Philippine President Sergio Osmeña called it a "curtailment of Philippine sovereignty, virtual nullification of Philippine independence." In 1955, nine years after passage of the Bell Trade Act, a revised United States–Philippine Trade Agreement (the Laurel–Langley Agreement) was negotiated to replace it. This treaty abolished the United States authority to control the exchange rate of the peso, made parity privileges reciprocal, extended the sugar quota, and extended the time period for the reduction of other quotas and for the progressive application of tariffs on Philippine goods exported to the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="2932547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932547" title="Suzanne">
Suzanne

Suzanne may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2932552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932552" title="Banana Alley">
Banana Alley

The Banana Alley Vaults are near the Flinders Street Station in Melbourne, Australia and extend onto the North Bank of the Yarra River. 
Built in 1891–92, they were originally known as the Viaduct Buildings, and were built in conjunction with the tracks of the Flinders Street Viaduct that run overhead. The vaults were originally used by produce agents and fruiterers to store their wares before market. The name "Banana Alley" stems from bananas being stored and ripened here (using ethylene gas) before being sold. The vaults are divided up into 33 separate spaces, with first tenants being recorded in 1893.
With the construction of the Spencer Street Bridge in 1930 Queens Wharf was rendered inaccessible to cargo ships, and the vaults fell into disuse. A café was opened in one of the vaults in 1936, being joined by the "Pieteria" café selling pies 24 hours a day from the 1950s. Hearnes Hobbies also occupied a vault from 1946 until they moved into the basement of Flinders Street Station. Other vaults were used by newsagents as a distribution point, and the Victorian Railways Refreshment Services branch as a storage area.
The vaults were neglected and disused for many years and subsequently developed a sinister reputation in the 1970s and 80s. The vaults were used by homeless persons as shelter from Melbourne’s cold nights, and numerous attacks and murders occurred here. 
In 1987 the State Government carried out a $4.5 million refurbishment of the vaults in a project aimed at promoting Victorian tourism. The drawcard was "Wine Victoria", which closed after only 2 years of operation, with other vaults becoming vacant as well. The area is again considered one of the sites ripe for development in the central business district, with the redevelopment of the rest of the north bank of the Yarra.
The TV series Canal Road is set at the Banana Alley Vaults. Canal Road is the fictional name for Banana Alley, which contradictory to the show is inaccessible by cars. The fictional Canal Road Centre is located within a shop space of the Banana Alley Vaults.

</doc>
<doc id="2932553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932553" title="Andrew Shandro (politician)">
Andrew Shandro (politician)

Andrew S. Shandro (April 3, 1886 at Russ Banilla ["probably the modern village of" Banyliv-Pidhirnyi], Bukowina, which was then a province of the Austro-Hungarian Empire – January 13, 1942 at Edmonton, Alberta), was the first Ukrainian Canadian to be elected to the Alberta Legislature. Shandro was the son of Stefan Shandro and his wife, Anastasia (née Ostashek). He was of Ukrainian descent and a member of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church of Canada. His grandfather was a judge and an uncle was a general in the Austro-Hungarian army. He migrated to Canada in 1899 with his parents and settled northeast of Andrew, Alberta. He became a prominent farmer and was postmaster of a rural community that bore his family's name (Shandro, Alberta).
In 1905 Shandro married Rose Hawrelak, daughter of Nicoli Hawrelak of Bukowina. They had six children. Educated at Edmonton Business College, Shandro became a federal homestead inspector in 1907.
Shandro ran as a candidate for the Alberta Liberal Party for the riding of Whitford in 1913. Shandro won, but the election was declared void by the courts. However, Shandro was re-elected in the March 15, 1915, by-election, and was acclaimed in 1917 by act of the Legislature which allowed for all members of the Assembly serving in the war to be automatically returned to their seats in the Legislature. He served as a lieutenant in the Canadian Army during World War I.
In 1921 Shandro was returned by acclimation for Whitford, yet the courts again declared the election void and a by-election writ was issued. This time Shandro was defeated in the Whitford by-election, which took place on July 10, 1922. He unsuccessfully contested the 1926 and 1935 Alberta elections.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="2932554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932554" title="Sincheon Station">
Sincheon Station

Sincheon Station is a station on Seoul Subway Line 2.
It is located in Jamsil-dong, Songpa-gu, Seoul.

</doc>
<doc id="2932558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932558" title="Michael Lapsley">
Michael Lapsley

Michael Lapsley is a South African Anglican priest and social justice activist.
Personal Life.
Alan Michael Lapsley SSM, known as Father Michael, was born in New Zealand and ordained to the priesthood in Australia where he joined the religious order the Society of the Sacred Mission (SSM).
In 1973 he arrived in Durban, South Africa, as an undergraduate student. Soon thereafter, during the height of apartheid repression, he became chaplain to students at both black and white universities in Durban. In 1976, he began to speak out on behalf of schoolchildren who were being shot, detained and tortured.
Social Justice and Anti-Apartheid Activism.
This was the year of the Soweto Uprising, which sparked protests across the country. Fr Michael, as he is known, was taking a stand in his role as national chaplain to Anglican students, a position he held at the time.
In September 1976, he was expelled from the country. He went to live in Lesotho, where he continued his studies and became a member of the African National Congress and a chaplain to the organisation in exile. During this period he travelled the world, mobilising faith communities, in particular, to oppose apartheid and support the liberation struggle.
Letter Bomb.
After a police raid in Maseru in 1982 in which 42 people were killed, he moved to Zimbabwe. It was here that in 1990, three months after ANC leader Nelson Mandela’s release from prison, he was sent a letter bomb by the Civil Cooperation Bureau, a covert outfit of the apartheid security forces. It was hidden inside two religious magazines. He lost both hands and the sight in one eye in the blast, and was seriously burnt.
On his return to South Africa in 1992 he helped to start the association Friends of Cuba and later became its first national president. He was awarded the Cuban Friendship Medal by the Cuban Council of State. 
Post Apartheid Work.
In 1993, he became Chaplain of the Trauma Centre for Victims of Violence and Torture in Cape Town, which assisted the country’s Truth and Reconciliation Commission (TRC). This work led to the establishment, in 1998, of the Institute for Healing of Memories (IHOM) in Cape Town. The IHOM aims to allow many more South Africans to tell their stories in workshops where they work through their trauma.
The IHOM is based in Cape Town, South Africa, but Fr Michael has worked in many other countries, in Africa and across the world. The organisation now works with groups including those affected by political violence; those affected and infected by HIV and AIDS; refugees and asylum seekers; prisoners and war veterans. The IHOM is also represented in the USA.
Lapsley is a graduate of the Australian College of Theology, the National University of Lesotho and the University of Zimbabwe. He has honorary doctorates from the Macquarie University in Sydney, Australia, the University of KwaZulu-Natal in South Africa and Liverpool Hope University in the United Kingdom. He has been awarded the Queen's Service Medal by the Government of New Zealand for service to Southern African communities. He is also Honorary Consul for New Zealand in Cape Town.
He was the subject of the biographical work "Priest and Partisan: A South African Journey" (1996) by his fellow South African priest and theologian Michael Worsnip, with a foreword by Nelson Mandela.
The Government of the Western Cape awarded him the Order of the Disa.
Nelson Mandela said of him, "Michael’s life represents a compelling metaphor: We read about a foreigner who came to our country and was transformed by what he saw of the injustices of apartheid. <"Foreword" by Nelson Mandela, in Priest and Partisan: A South African journey, author Michael Worsnip. Ocean Press 1996, p.3. " Michael Lapsley's life is part of the tapestry of the many long journeys and struggles of our people." Nelson Mandela cited in backmatter: Priest and Partisan: A South African journey, author Michael Worsnip. Ocean Press 1996
International Network for Peace.
For the fifth anniversary of 9/11 ( held on 8 September 2006), Lapsley joined more than 30 terror victims from all around the world and families of those killed in the 11 September attacks to create the International Network for Peace to promote effective and nonviolent solutions to terrorism.

</doc>
<doc id="2932565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932565" title="Chad Qualls">
Chad Qualls

Chad Michael Qualls (born Thursday August 17, 1978) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Houston Astros of Major League Baseball. He has also played for Arizona Diamondbacks, Tampa Bay Rays, San Diego Padres, Philadelphia Phillies, New York Yankees, Pittsburgh Pirates and Miami Marlins.
Baseball career.
Amateur career.
Qualls attended Narbonne High School in Harbor City, California, Los Angeles Harbor College (LAHC) in Wilmington, California, and the University of Nevada-Reno in Reno, Nevada.
After pitching for LAHC, he was drafted by the Toronto Blue Jays in the 52nd round of the 1997 MLB Draft, but he did not sign. He transferred to the University of Nevada, where he played college baseball for the Nevada Wolf Pack's baseball team, competing in the Big West Conference of the National Collegiate Athletic Association's Division I. He was named to the Big West Conference's second team in 1999.
In 2000, Qualls anchored the Wolf Pack's starting rotation with Darrell Rasner and Matt Rainer. Qualls pitched seven complete games for the Wolf Pack.
Houston Astros.
Qualls was drafted in the second round of the 2000 Major League Baseball Draft by the Houston Astros. He began his career as a starting pitcher with the Michigan Battle Cats of the Class A Midwest League during the 2001 season. In 2002 and 2003, he pitched for the Round Rock Express, which competed in the Class AA Texas League. He was converted to relief during the 2004 season while with the New Orleans Zephyrs of the Class AAA Pacific Coast League.
Qualls made his major league debut with Astros on July 22, 2004. He pitched the next three seasons for the Astros. He recorded six saves and a 3.39 earned run average (ERA). Qualls joined with Dan Wheeler and Brad Lidge to form a strong bullpen, as the Astros reached the 2005 World Series. Qualls served a three game suspension for throwing a baseball into the stands.
Arizona Diamondbacks.
On December 14, 2007, the Astros traded Qualls to the Arizona Diamondbacks, along with Chris Burke and Juan Gutiérrez, for José Valverde. Qualls replaced Brandon Lyon as the closer for the Diamondbacks in mid-September 2008 after Lyon struggled in the second half of the season. He became one of four pitchers who pitched in at least 70 games every season from 2004 through 2008.
Qualls signed a $2.54 million contract with the Diamondbacks for the 2009 season. He became their closer at the start of the 2009 season. For the year, he recorded a 2–2 win-loss record, a 3.63 ERA, and 24 saves in 29 opportunities. On August 30, 2009, he suffered a patellar dislocation on the final play of a winning effort against the Astros. He required surgery and missed the rest of the season.
Qualls signed a one-year contract with the Diamondbacks for the 2010 season worth $4.185 million. However, he struggled with the Diamondbacks that season, pitching to an 8.29 ERA with 12 saves.
Tampa Bay Rays.
On July 31, 2010, Qualls was traded to the Tampa Bay Rays for a player to be named later. He pitched in 27 games for them with a 5.57 ERA.
San Diego Padres.
Qualls signed with the Padres for the 2011 season and a $6 million team option for 2012. He finished the 2011 season with a 6–8 record and 3.51 ERA in a team-high 77 appearances.
Philadelphia Phillies.
Qualls signed a $1.15 million, one-year contract with the Philadelphia Phillies on January 31, 2012. On April 4, he was named to the opening day roster. He began the year as the primary set up reliever to closer Jonathan Papelbon. With the Phillies, Qualls pitched to a 4.60 ERA in 35 games.
New York Yankees.
On July 1, 2012, Qualls was traded to the New York Yankees from the Phillies for a player to be named or cash. He replaced the struggling Cory Wade in the bullpen, as Wade was demoted to the minor leagues.
Pittsburgh Pirates.
On July 31, 2012, Qualls was traded from the Yankees to the Pittsburgh Pirates for Casey McGehee.
Miami Marlins.
On Friday, January 25, 2013, Chad Qualls reportedly agreed to a minor league deal with the Miami Marlins.
Following a game on Tuesday, July 30, 2013 between the Marlins and Mets, Qualls became an overnight social media viral sensation. Qualls punctuated his scoreless 7th inning stint in which he walked one, allowed one hit, and struck out two, with an attempted fist pump as he ran towards the dugout. Leaving the mound after strike-three against the Mets' Omar Quintanilla, Qualls punched the air in celebration as he headed toward the dugout. As he threw the punch, he snagged his right cleat in the grass and his own forward momentum sent him tumbling to the ground. Qualls was uninjured and bounced up quickly and continued to the dugout, where he covered his face in a towel and laughed with teammates."As soon as I saw the fist pump I put my head down," Marlins manager Mike Redmond said. "That's one of those if you win that game, you can watch it. But since we lost it's not quite as funny."
The video quickly made the rounds via twitter and other social media and made the front page of web sites including CBS Sports, Deadspin, SI, and The Big Lead.
Second stint with Astros.
On December 7, 2013, Qualls signed a two-year contract, with an option for 2016, to return to the Houston Astros. This is the eighth team Qualls that has been a member of since the beginning of the 2010 season.
Pitching style.
Qualls throws two main pitches: a heavy sinker in the low-to-mid 90s, and a hard slider in the mid-to-upper 80s. He typically uses the sinker to get ahead in the count and the slider to get strikeouts. He also occasionally uses a changeup against left-handed hitters.

</doc>
<doc id="2932569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932569" title="Guui Station">
Guui Station

Guui Station is a station on the Seoul Subway Line 2. Because of its proximity to the Gwangjin District Office, it is also known as Gwangjin-gu Office Station.

</doc>
<doc id="2932579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932579" title="Sangwangsimni Station">
Sangwangsimni Station

Sangwangsimni Station is a station on the Seoul Subway Line 2.
Accident.
On May 2, 2014 KST, two subway cars collided at Sangwangsimni Station, causing 238 injuries. 

</doc>
<doc id="2932586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932586" title="Alexei Zhitnik">
Alexei Zhitnik

Oleksiy Mykolaiovych "Alexei" Zhitnik (; born October 10, 1972) is a Ukrainian-Russian former professional ice hockey defenceman. Zhitnik has played more games in the National Hockey League (NHL) (1,085) than any other Soviet-born defenceman. He has represented the Soviet Union, CIS, and Russia internationally, and Ukraine during two NHL All-Star Games. His number, 13, has been honored by Sokil Kyiv.
Playing career.
Zhitnik was drafted 81st overall by the Los Angeles Kings in the 1991 NHL Entry Draft after playing for Sokil Kyiv in the Soviet Championship League for two years. After another year, he came to the NHL for the 1992–93 NHL season.
He made his NHL debut on October 6, 1992 against the Calgary Flames and scored his first goal nine nights later, also against Calgary. In his rookie season with the Kings, he finished second among rookie defenceman in points with 48. He was an important part of the Kings' playoff run to the Stanley Cup Final, where they lost to the Montreal Canadiens.
After another year of playing with the Kings and Wayne Gretzky, he was traded on February 14, 1995, along with Robb Stauber, Charlie Huddy and a fifth-round draft pick, to the Buffalo Sabres for Grant Fuhr, Denis Tsygurov and Philippe Boucher. He became one of the team's best players, helping the Sabres win the Northeast Division in the 1996–97 NHL season, his second full year with the team. In the 1997–98 NHL season, he led all defensemen in shorthanded goals (3). He also helped the Sabres reach the finals in the 1998–99 NHL season and stayed on the team until the 2004–05 NHL lockout when he returned to the Russian Super League.
Following the lockout, he signed a four-year contract with the New York Islanders. He became an effective force on the team, and even though he missed the last 18 games of the season with a fractured ankle, he finished second among team defenceman in scoring.
On December 16, 2006, Zhitnik was traded to the Philadelphia Flyers for Freddy Meyer and a conditional third round draft pick. However, he was traded two months later on February 24, 2007 to the Atlanta Thrashers to add experience for playoffs, in exchange for Braydon Coburn.
Due to Zhitnik's disappointing play with the Thrashers combined the teams focus on rebuilding, the team bought out Zhitnik's contract on June 30, 2008, making him a free agent.
On July 26, 2008, Zhitnik returned to Russia and the now-Kontinental Hockey League, signing a tryout contract with Dynamo Moscow. Zhitnik eventually became Dynamo's final captain before being released as Dynamo folded following the 2009-10 KHL season.

</doc>
<doc id="2932602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932602" title="State of the World (song)">
State of the World (song)

"State of the World" is the eighth and final single from American R&B and pop singer Janet Jackson's fourth studio album, "Janet Jackson's Rhythm Nation 1814" (1989).
Jackson has only included the song on her Rhythm Nation World Tour.
Chart performance.
The song was released as a promotional single in the United States and Canada and peaked at number five on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 Airplay chart. It was given a commercial release in Australia, Japan, and South Africa. Because it was not released commercially in the U.S., it was ineligible to chart on the "Billboard" Hot 100 or the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs. No music video was produced for the release.

</doc>
<doc id="2932609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932609" title="Void contract">
Void contract

An agreement to carry out an illegal act is an example of a void agreement. For example, a contract between drug dealers and buyers is a void contract simply because the terms of the contract are illegal. In such a case, neither party can go to court to enforce the contract. A void agreement is void ab initio, i e from the beginning while a voidable contract can be voidable by one or all of the parties. A voidable contract is not void ab initio, rather, it becomes void later due to some changes in condition.
A contract can also be void due to the impossibility of its performance. E g: If a contract is formed between two parties A & B but during the performance of the contract the object of the contract becomes impossible to achieve (due to action by someone or something other than the contracting parties), then the contract cannot be enforced in the court of law and is thus void. A void contract can be one in which any of the prerequisites of a valid contract is/are absent for example if there is no contractual capacity, the contract can be deemed as void. In fact,void means that a contract does not exist at all. The law can not enforce any legal obligation to either party especially the disappointed party because they are not entitled to any protective laws as far as contracts are concerned. 
Features of Void agreements:

</doc>
<doc id="2932624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932624" title="Miroslav Zálešák">
Miroslav Zálešák

Miroslav Zálešák (born July 31, 1980) is a Slovak ice hockey player who currently plays for the Yertis Pavlodar of the Kazakhstan Hockey Championship.
Zálešák was drafted 104th overall by the San Jose Sharks in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft. He has played 12 career NHL games, scoring 1 goal and 2 assists for 3 points. His only NHL goal was scored on March 11, 2003 against Brent Johnson and the visiting St. Louis Blues.
After the 2004–05 NHL lockout, Zálešák was not tendered a qualifying offer, as San Jose felt they had no room for him. Wanting to play in the NHL, Zálešák signed a contract with the Washington Capitals. However, Zálešák had a clause in his deal that stated if he ever was sent down to the AHL, he had the option of nullifying the contract. After being sent down, Zálešák exercised his option and returned to Slovakia to sign for his hometown team HK 36 Skalica before moving to HC Litvínov in the Czech Extraliga. In 2005, Zálešák signed with Södertälje SK of the Swedish Elitserien and led the team in goals (16) and points (25). He return to the Czech Republic with two seasons for HC Oceláři Třinec before returning to HK 36 Skalica.
International play.
Played for Slovakia in:

</doc>
<doc id="2932626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932626" title="Portable storage device">
Portable storage device

A portable storage device (PSD) is a small hard drive designed to hold any kind of digital data. This is slightly different from a portable media player, which stores and plays music and movies. 
Some are fixed size hard drives of 256GB, 320GB, etc. Newer units are expandable using 2.5" laptop hard drives, allowing for an unlimited storage capacity, which is useful for video and images.
When travelling, a portable storage device may be a useful alternative to backing up or purging memory cards if a computer is unavailable for downloading.
Photography.
One type of data that may be stored is digital photographs (RAW data), transferred from a digital camera.
Many PSDs will connect directly to a camera and copy the images, or they may provide a slot for a memory card to plug in, with or without a card reader device. Some early models allow the user to review the images on a colour screen, but at the top end of the market.

</doc>
<doc id="2932630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932630" title="Isatay Taymanuly">
Isatay Taymanuly

Isatay Taymanuly ( , 1791 — July 12, 1838) was a Kazakh hero ("batyr") and leader (with his friend Makhambet Utemisuly) of a rebellion against Zhangir-Kerey Khan of Bokey Horde and the Russian rulers of Kazakhstan in the 19th century.
The rebellion began in late 1836 and the beginning of 1837.
Isatay was killed in fighting near the Aqbulaq River on July 12, 1838. According to Baymirza Hayit's book "Turkistan: Between Russia and China" after his army was defeated, İsatay batur got in to a sword fight against seven Russian Cossack soldiers; eventually he got overwhelmed and was killed by decapitation.

</doc>
<doc id="2932641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932641" title="Paul Whatuira">
Paul Whatuira

Paul Whatuira (born 31 July 1981 in Wellington, New Zealand, pronounced fah-tu-ee-ra) is a professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Parramatta Eels in the NRL. A New Zealand international centre, he won National Rugby League premierships with the Penrith Panthers and Wests Tigers and most recently achieved success with the Huddersfield Giants in the UK Super League.
Playing career.
Early years.
Whatuira played his junior rugby league at Wainuiomata, near Wellington, where he played with former Huddersfield teammate David Faiumu. He also played rugby union as a schoolboy. He followed the Canberra Raiders as a child and idolised Mal Meninga.
He represented Wellington in 1999.
Auckland Warriors.
Whatuira left Wellington at 17 to join the Auckland Warriors.
He made his first grade debut for Auckland Warriors against Wests Tigers in the Leichhardt Oval on 14 February 2000, in Round 2. He played in four other first grade games for the Warriors that season, before leaving the club at the end of the year. During the 2000 season he was occasionally released to the Wainuiomata Lions and played in the Bartercard Cup.
He spent 2001 at the Melbourne Storm, playing in six first grade games.
Penrith Panthers.
Whatuira joined the Penrith Panthers in 2002 and became a first grade regular. He played left centre in the Panthers side that won the 2003 NRL grand final. As 2003 NRL premiers, the Panthers travelled to England to face Super League VIII champions, the Bradford Bulls in the 2004 World Club Challenge. Whatuira played at cenre in the Panthers' 22-4 loss. His 2003 premiership ring was stolen from his home along with his DVD player in 2005. Two years later the police recovered the ring when they raided a suspected criminal's home.
Wests Tigers.
Whatuira joined the Wests Tigers in 2005 and played at centre in the Tigers' 2005 NRL Grand Final victory over the North Queensland Cowboys, gaining his second premiership ring.
As NRL Premiers Wests faced Super League champions Bradford Bulls in the 2006 World Club Challenge. Whatuira played at centre in the Tigers' 30-10 loss.
Whatuira had a forgettable 2006, he was sin-binned in the Tigers' loss to the North Queensland Cowboys in Townsville just before half-time with Matt Sing scoring in his absence. In the return match, he suffered a hamstring injury which was aggravated during the warm-up versus Brisbane Broncos meaning he would not play for the rest of the campaign.
Huddersfield Giants.
After considering a switch to rugby union with the New South Wales Waratahs, Whatuira instead moved to England and joined the Huddersfield Giants in 2008 where he is contracted until the end of the 2010 season. Whatuira played in the Giants 2009 Challenge Cup final appearance, where they lost to the Warrington Wolves.
Parramatta Eels.
On 21 December 2010, Whatuira signed a one year deal with the Parramatta Eels for the 2011 season. Whatuira is expected to fill the void left in the backline by departing senior players of Eric Grothe Jr and Timana Tahu. Eels CEO Paul Osborne stated that "Paul Whatuira is a proved international performer who brings class and experience to our backline". However, Whatuira retired after just appearing in one game for the Eels.
Representative career.
Whatuira represented the New Zealand national team on ten occasions between 2004 and 2006, including the 24-0 win over Australia at Elland Road in the 2005 Tri Nations tournament, in which he scored a try. Whatuira was also selected in the 19-man squad for the one-off New Zealand vs Australia Centenary test in Wellington, New Zealand on 14 October 2007.
Whatuira is also eligible for the Cook Islands and was named in their train on squad for the 2000 World Cup. He instead represented Aotearoa Māori at the tournament.
Charity work.
During 2006, Whatuira posed for the "Naked Rugby League 2007-08" charity calendar, which was produced to raise money for the National Breast Cancer Foundation of Australia.
Paul also posed alongside former Wests Tigers teammates Robbie Farah and Dene Halatau for the "Naked For A Cause 2008-09" calendar for the McGrath Foundation charity.
Arrest.
On 13 October 2009, Whatuira was arrested and underwent a psychiatric assessment after he allegedly assaulted two men. Police used a Taser gun to subdue him. Whatuira spent 13 days in a secure psychiatric hospital after the incident which was reportedly related to sexual abuse he suffered as a child. Whatuira was not charged over the incident as under section two of the British Crimes Act, he is exempt from potential prosecution as he was deemed "mentally ill".

</doc>
<doc id="2932643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932643" title="1975 European Rugby League Championship">
1975 European Rugby League Championship

The revived 1975 European Rugby League Championship used traditional structures that saw a return to the one game format. It was also known as the International Triangular Tournament, as it involved only three nations, England, France and Wales. This was the seventeenth competition and was won for the eighth time by England.

</doc>
<doc id="2932648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932648" title="Dmitri Yushkevich">
Dmitri Yushkevich

Dmitri Sergeyevich Yushkevich (; born November 19, 1971) is a retired Russian professional ice hockey defenceman. He ended his career in Kärpät of the SM-liiga.
Playing career.
Dmitri Yushkevich was drafted in the sixth round, 122nd overall, by the Philadelphia Flyers in the 1991 NHL Entry Draft. After eleven seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL), he returned to the Russian Superleague (RSL) in 2003.
After winning a gold medal at the 1992 Winter Olympics, Yushkevich made his NHL debut with the Flyers in the 1992–93 season. He appeared in all 82 games in his rookie season, tallying five goals and adding 27 assists. After three seasons with the Flyers, Yushkevich joined the Toronto Maple Leafs before the 1995–96 season.
In Toronto, Yushkevich blossomed into a top-pair caliber NHL defenceman, particularly under the guidance of coach Pat Quinn, who joined the team in 1998. Between 1998–99 and 2001–02, Yushkevich also emerged as the leader of the Screech Owls' defense corps. During the 1999 playoffs, Yushkevich paired up with Danny Markov to neutralize Penguins' superstar Jaromír Jágr, thus helping the Leafs advance to the Eastern Conference finals. Yushkevich earned a spot in the 2000 NHL All-Star game, which took place in Toronto. In February 2002, Yushkevich was diagnosed with a life-threatening blood clot. As a result, Yushkevich was forced to miss the rest of the 2001–02 season. Despite Yushkevich's pleas to accept the risk and re-join the club in time for the playoffs, he was not cleared to play by the team. As a Maple Leaf, Yushkevich totalled 506 regular season games and 44 playoff games. His performances with the Leafs earned him a reputation of a warrior, a grinder, and an expert shot-blocker. He was traded to the Florida Panthers before the 2002–03 season for Róbert Švehla.
After only 23 games with the Panthers, Yushkevich was traded again. The Los Angeles Kings acquired him, along with a draft pick, in exchange for Andreas Lilja and Jaroslav Bednář. Yushkevich would join his third team of the 2002–03 season in March, when the Kings traded him back to Philadelphia for a pair of draft picks.
In the 2003–04 season, Yushkevich returned to Russia to play for Lokomotiv Yaroslavl of the Russian Superleague. He then joined his hometown Severstal Cherepovets for the 2004–05 season before moving on to Metallurg Magnitogorsk for the 2005–06 season. For the 2006–07 season, he played for SKA St. Petersburg. He then returned to his hometown team of Severstal Cherepovets.
Yushkevich decided to retire in January 2008 after the death of his first wife Oksana so that he could take care of their three children.
Yushkevich was a member of the Russian national team at the 1998 Winter Olympics, earning a silver medal.
Yushkevich has since come out of retirement and is playing for Sibir Novosibirsk of the recently formed Kontinental Hockey League (KHL). He led all defenceman on the team in scoring.
On the 3rd of November 2009 it was announced that the Finnish hockey team Kärpät have recruited him.
Yushkevich was named among 145 other inductees as the first group to be inducted in to the Russian Hockey Hall of Fame on February 17, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="2932652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932652" title="Mark Hart">
Mark Hart

Mark G Hart (born July 2, 1953, Fort Scott, Kansas), is a multi-instrumentalist who has been a member of Supertramp (1986–1988, 1996–2002) on vocals, keyboards and guitar; and for Crowded House (1993–1996, 2007–present). As well as being a group member, touring and session musician, Hart has composed film scores and is a record producer.
Biography.
Mark G Hart was born on July 2, 1953 and grew up in Fort Scott, Kansas. He has an older brother, Jeff. From the age of seven-years-old, Hart received piano lessons and followed by learning guitar some years later. Hart studied classical music at college, he worked as a full-time session musician with varied artists. In 1982 he formed which issued its debut eponymous album in 1984 on Warner Bros. Records – it was produced by Ted Templeman (Van Halen). Hart provided vocals, guitar and keyboards, other members were Steve Dudas on guitar, Randy Foote on percussion and backing vocals, Rick Moors on bass guitar and Billy Thomas on drums and backing vocals. Hart began his association with British rock band, Supertramp, in 1986 initially as a studio and touring musician; he provided guitar, keyboards, lead and backing vocals for their album, "Free as a Bird", which was issued in October 1987.
Hart shared the same manager as the pop rockers, Crowded House, who suggested he fill in for their keyboardist, Eddie Rayner, with session work for the band after they experienced difficulties working together. In 1991 Hart contributed to "Woodface" as a session musician, later joining the band as a touring member when Tim Finn left. In 1993 Hart was credited as a full member for "Together Alone". He stayed with the band after founding drummer Paul Hester left, and is seen along with the group's founders Neil Finn and Nick Seymour in the photographs from the sleeve for "Recurring Dream", the 1996 greatest hits album. Hart played with the band during their farewell concert on the steps of the Sydney Opera House in November 1996, known as "Farewell to the World".
In 1993 Hart contributed to the debut album, "Hang Out Your Poetry", by Ceremony (see Chaz Bono), providing electric guitar, harmonium, Mellotron, organ, Hammond organ, piano, backing vocals, Wurlitzer and co-composing tracks. Also that year Tim Finn issued his solo album, "Before & After", with Hart and former band mate Dudas providing instrumentation, Hart also co-produced two tracks with Finn.
Following the first demise of Crowded House, Hart stated that he thought the band had more in them. He later joined Neil Finn on stage for some of Finn's solo concerts supporting his debut solo album "Try Whistling This" in 1998. Hart rejoined Supertramp, he produced more works for Tim Finn. In 2002 Hart released his debut solo album "Nada Sonata". Hart has scored the motion pictures "Life Among the Cannibals" (1996) and "Mockingbird Don't Sing" (2001) both directed by Harry Bromley Davenport.
In January 2007, Neil Finn announced that reformation of Crowded House with Hart, Nick Seymour, and a new drummer, Matt Sherrod (ex-Beck). They released a new album, "Time on Earth", and embarked on a year-long world tour. The album was initially intended to be Finn's third solo album, but was converted to a Crowded House album late in the sessions. As a result, Hart contributed on only four songs to the new album. Both he and Sherrod fully contributed to the next album, "Intriguer", which was released in June 2010 and both are on the DVD supplements to that album.

</doc>
<doc id="2932655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932655" title="Overheard in New York">
Overheard in New York

Overheard in New York is a humor blog, published by Michael Malice and S. Morgan Friedman, that documents snippets of conversation heard by passersby in New York City. The blog popularized the format, which was created by the Web site "In Passing" in 2000. "Overheard in New York" was originally edited by Michael Malice, later Jenny Weiss, and finally Kristina Ryan. Its current editors are Dave Barnette, Danielle Lindemann, Guillermo Rubens, and Murphy Scott.
The source of the humor in each quote varies. Some are intentional witticisms on the part of their speaker, some are based on his or her apparent cluelessness (as with tourists or children), lack of common sense, or stupidity (as with Gothamites), and some seem to demonstrate symptoms of mental illness. Because submitters usually do not know the people they are quoting, they often use glib labels such as "suit on phone", "tourist", "hobo", or "drunk NYU chick". "Overheard in New York" has become well-known within the city, and a few of the quoted conversations mention their being likely to turn up on the Web site.
Overheard in New York has expanded with a variety of "sister" Web sites, including Overheard in the Office, Overheard at the Beach, Overheard Everywhere, and Celebrity Wit.
Similar websites exist for comments overheard in a variety of places. "In Passing" began publishing overheard dialogue from Berkeley, California in 2000, and more recent sites feature conversations from Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, Montreal, Paris, Dublin, the London Underground, Minneapolis, Yale University and Vancouver, B.C.. In an interview with "Gothamist", Malice spoke negatively of other overheard sites, calling the ones that do not link to Overheard in New York and "act like the idea came from nowhere" as "ripoffs" and going so far as to say that he hopes for the children of the sites' creators to die for no discernible reason. There is a substantial history of posting "overheard" dialogue online for amusement. A Google search for "Overheard on IRC" displays many items. Furthermore, author Susan Catherine published a series of books featuring eavesdropped dialogue that dates back to 1984. 
Artist Judith Henry published an "Overheard" book series, and created a window installation, "Overheard in New York for Bergdorf Goodman", later followed by a Los Angeles window installation, "Overheard Los Angeles for Neiman Marcus". 
In April 2006, Friedman fired original editor Malice after a dispute concerning editorial control. Malice immediately created "New York, Overheard," a nearly identical site with the same format and layout. The two settled their dispute in May 2006, announcing a return to "regularly scheduled eavesdropping". At that time, Malice removed his competing site, and Friedman credited Malice on the original site as "Founding Editor".

</doc>
<doc id="2932658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932658" title="DragonSpires">
DragonSpires

DragonSpires was a DOS-based massively multiplayer online game or graphical MUD launched in 1994 by Dr. Cat and Talzhemir of Dragon's Eye Productions, with additional design contributed by Jeff Dee.
History.
DragonSpires was one of the first graphical MUDs. While made freely available during its development phase, it was planned for DragonSpires to become a commercial product.
DragonSpires in this first format was discontinued in early 1997 after the release of Dragon's Eye Productions's second MMOG "Furcadia".
With the approval and initial assistance of Dragon's Eye Productions, Adam Maloy and Christopher Howard Wolf converted the game to Java and added a storyline, along with new features and new artwork. In 2002, the second format of the game was shut down.
Gameplay.
The gameplay was largely social, as opposed to combative or goal-based. DragonSpires had various basic features, such as palette-swapped player avatars, several maps, Chat and messaging abilities, and both PvP and PvE combat. Eventually, more unique features such as Dodgeball, Capture the flag, and item-based quests were added.

</doc>
<doc id="2932659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932659" title="Louis Maurer">
Louis Maurer

Louis Maurer (February 21, 1832 – July 19, 1932) was a German-born American lithographer, and the father of the American painter Alfred Henry Maurer. Louis Maurer was also the last surviving artist to have been employed by Currier and Ives. He was extensively interviewed about the Currier and Ives firm by research and connoisseur Peter Twyford in his book Currier & Ives, printmakers to the American people. His archives are located at the American Antiquarian Society. 
Born in Biebrich, Germany, Maurer studied anatomy, mechanical drawing, and lithography in Mainz before migrating to the United States in 1851. He married Louisa Stein in 1860, and together they raised three children, Charles, Alfred, and Eugenia.
Maurer began working as a lithographer at the firm of T.W. Strong in 1852. Later the same year he moved to Currier and Ives, working there till 1860. Maurer's series "The Life of a Fireman" (1854) was a popular lithography series produced for Currier and Ives. (These prints inspired sculptor John A. Wilson's Firemen's Memorial.)
During the American Civil War, Maurer worked as a shooting instructor in Palisades Park. He later was a partner in the lithography firm of Heppenheimer & Maurer until his retirement in 1884.
Maurer began to study art at the age of 50, first at the Gotham Art Academy and later at the National Academy under William Merritt Chase.
Gallery

</doc>
<doc id="2932665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932665" title="Singapore Cord Blood Bank">
Singapore Cord Blood Bank

The Singapore Cord Blood Bank (Abbreviation: SCBB) is Singapore’s only public cord blood bank that collects, processes and stores donated umbilical cord blood for use in stem cell transplants. Its cord blood units may be searched for use by qualifying transplant centers around the world. 
Public Cord Blood Banking.
As a public cord blood bank, SCBB does not charge cord blood donors for its services. However, as the cord blood is donated altruistically, the donor relinquishes any claims to it after donation. This contrasts with a private cord blood bank where donors pay a fee for the cord blood banking services, but retain ownership over the use of their cord blood.
Cord blood and its uses.
Cord blood is the blood that circulates through the umbilical cord from the foetus to the placenta. After delivery, the placenta is almost always thrown away. Yet this humble umbilical cord has become a life saving and precious commodity, because cord blood is rich in blood stem cells. 
Blood stem cells are young or immature cells that can transform into other forms of essential blood cell types, such as red blood cells, white blood cells and platelets. The use of blood stem cells has emerged as a potentially curative option for the treatment of several diseases, including blood cancers (such as leukemia and lymphoma), and severe anaemia (such as myelodysplastic syndrome, thalassemia major and severe aplastic anaemia).
History.
Officially opened in September 2005 by Health Minister Mr. Khaw Boon Wan, Singapore Cord Blood Bank was established in response to demands from Haematologists and Paediatricians in Singapore. 
Singaporean patients who needed stem cell transplants were then facing difficulties in obtaining Human Leukocyte Antigen (HLA) matched stem cell units because of the relative scarcity of stem cell donors that matched Singapore’s main ethnic profiles i.e. Chinese, Malay and Indian ethnicities. SCBB was conceived as a solution to this problem. Donation of cord blood by Singaporeans would significantly increase the probability of obtaining matched cord blood units for the treatment of Singaporean patients. 
Having joined the WMDA and NMDP network in 2006 and 2007 respectively, have allowed patients of Asian descent all over the world to search SCBB's inventory for a matching cord blood unit as well.
Mission.
The expressed mission of the SCBB is to provide placental cord blood units of high safety and quality, through the practice of internationally accredited techniques of collection, processing, banking and disposition, in order to support cord blood transplantations and related research in Singapore and around the world.
Corporate Governance.
SCBB is registered in Singapore as a company limited by guarantee. It has a not-for-profit charter and is governed by a non-executive board of directors. Chaired by "Prof Tan Ser Kiat" the board's members include "Mr Gregory Vijayendran, Mr Markham Shaw, Dr Chong Tsung Wen, Dr Mary Rauff and A/Prof Allen Yeoh".
Management.
Chief Executive Officer, "Mr Steven J Sobak", leads the management team of SCBB, having taken over the reins from founding Executive Director "Dr Fidah Alsagoff" in early 2007. The Medical Director is "Dr William Hwang" and the Senior Manager-Operations who takes care of the daily operations is "Mr Arun Prasath".
Location.
SCBB is located in Basement 1 of the KK Women's and Children's Hospital.
Collection Centres.
SCBB currently collects cord blood from three public hospitals, namely KK Women's and Children's Hospital, National University Hospital and Singapore General Hospital, as well as all 7 of the private obstetric hospitals in Singapore, Gleneagles Hospital, Mount Alvernia Hospital, Mount Elizabeth Hospital, Parkway East Hospital (formerly known as East Shore Hospital), Raffles Hospital and Thomson Medical Centre.
Other Cord Blood Banks.
Relicord is the first registered cord blood bank in India as well as South East Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="2932673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932673" title="List of West Virginia state parks">
List of West Virginia state parks

The state park system in West Virginia has grown to 36 parks and 2 rail trails since the dedication of the Droop Mountain Battlefield as the first state park on July 4, 1928. The state park system is managed as a component of the West Virginia Division of Natural Resources.
See also.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2932676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932676" title="Astrakhan State University">
Astrakhan State University

Astrakhan State University (formerly Astrakhan State Pedagogical University) is a university located in Astrakhan, Russian Federation. It was founded in 1932.
The traditional functions of Astrakhan State University include training specialists and fundamental researches; but ASU also works actively to export its educational services and to share new technologies with the industry and the business.
ASU in figures:
ASU actively develops its international links. Jointly with its partners from Finland, Italy, Japan, Germany, France, China, Iran, Egypt, United States, Uzbekistan, and from other countries, Astrakhan State University carries out the following programs: short-term language courses, student exchanges, joint research and innovative projects, joint courses for students, international conferences.
ASU successfully realizes its agreements on “double diplomas” signed with Université de Sophia Antipolis (France) and with Clark University (Worcester, Massachusetts, USA). The agreements concern joint Masters’ programs.
ASU has been chosen by Harvard University (USA) as a pilot site in Russia to organize an educational program in international competitiveness.
The two-year experience gained by ASU’s Russian Language Summer School for American students has made it possible for the parties to sign a cooperation agreement till 2012.
ASU has become one of 16 basic Russian Universities to form the University of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation.
A UNESCO Chair operates at ASU; this Chair contributes to setting a systematic international cooperation and to enhancing international relations between universities and other organizations.
Teaching students at ASU is carried out in accordance with up-to-date educational programs, which imply not only fundamental special training, but also studying one or two (sometimes three) foreign languages. ASU’s students can study the main European (English, German, French, Italian) and Eastern (Persian, Turkish, Arabian, Japanese, Chinese) languages.
Students’ life includes not only attending lessons. A lot of attention is paid to their leisure activities. Our students demonstrate their talents at various festivals and in sporting competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="2932677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932677" title="Scott Young (ice hockey b. 1967)">
Scott Young (ice hockey b. 1967)

Scott Allen Young (born October 1, 1967) is a retired American professional ice hockey right winger. He is currently the varsity ice hockey coach at St. Mark's School in Southborough, Massachusetts.
Playing career.
Young gained attention as a star hockey player while still in high school. He played his prep school hockey at St. Mark's School in Southborough, Massachusetts, playing with teammates that included fellow future-NHL players Doug and Greg Brown. His play allowed him to play with the United States in the World Junior Ice Hockey Championship in 1985, the beginning of a long international career representing the United States. Following the championship Young went to play for the Boston University Terriers. He played there 2 years, winning rookie of the year honors in 1986. Young was also drafted by the Hartford Whalers in the 1st round, 11th overall in the 1986 NHL Entry Draft while still in college. 
For the 1987–88 season Young spent the majority of the season with the U.S. National team. In addition to playing on the national team Young played in the 1988 Winter Olympics and made his debut with the Whalers, playing in 7 games. The following season he played full time with the Whalers, scoring 59 points in 79 games. Young played one more full season with the Whalers and played half of the 1990–91 season with the Whalers before being traded to the Pittsburgh Penguins. Young helped the Penguins win the Stanley Cup in 1991. 
For the 1991–92 season Young spent the majority of the year playing in Italy in addition to a brief stint with the U.S. National Team and representing the U.S. in the 1992 Winter Olympics. Prior to 1992–93 season Young returned to the NHL and was traded by the Penguins to the Quebec Nordiques. He played 3 seasons with the Nordiques and remained on the team when they moved to Colorado and became the Colorado Avalanche. He played 2 seasons with the Avalanche and won his second Stanley Cup with the Avalanche in 1996. Prior to the 1997–98 season Young was traded to the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim and played one season with the Ducks. The next offseason Young signed with the St. Louis Blues. 
In his first stint with the Blues he played 4 seasons, enjoying the best season of his NHL career during the 2000–01 season, scoring 73 points and scoring 40 goals, both career highs and the only time Young eclipsed 40 goals in a season. Young also represented the U.S. once again in the 2002 Winter Olympics. Prior to the 2002–03 season Young signed with the Dallas Stars and played 2 years with them. Following the cancelled 2004–05 season lockout Young rejoined the Blues for the 2005–06 campaign. While the Blues finished last in the league that year, Young proved that he was still a strong hockey player, leading the team with 49 points. Following the season Young retired from hockey. Young finished his career with 1181 career NHL games, 342 goals and 414 assists for 756 points.
In 2011, Young returned to St. Mark's School, this time as the coach of the Boys Varsity hockey team for which he once played. As a coach, Young has restored credibility to the program with three winning seasons, two Barber Tournament championships and two Boys' Holiday Showcase championships.

</doc>
<doc id="2932678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932678" title="Suizhou">
Suizhou

Suizhou (), formerly Sui County (), is a prefecture-level city in northern Hubei province, People's Republic of China, bordering Henan province to the north and east.
Administration.
The prefecture-level city of Suizhou administers 2 county-level divisions, including 1 district and 1 county-level city.
These are further divided into 54 township-level divisions, including 36 towns, 11 townships and 7 subdistricts.
History.
Suizhou has a long history. During the Spring and Autumn Period and Warring States Period (771−221 BCE), it was the territory of the State of Sui/Zeng and within the cultural sphere of the State of Chu. As a prefecture-level city Suizhou has a short history with its current status only granted by the State Council in June 2000.
Transport.
Suizhou is served by the Hankou–Danjiangkou Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="2932687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932687" title="1977 European Rugby League Championship">
1977 European Rugby League Championship


</doc>
<doc id="2932688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932688" title="Dene Halatau">
Dene Halatau

Dene Halatau (born 27 January 1983 in Invercargill, New Zealand) is a professional rugby league footballer for the Wests Tigers of the National Rugby League (NRL), with whom he won the 2005 NRL Premiership. A New Zealand international representative forward, he previously played club football for the Canterbury Bulldogs.
Playing career.
Halatau is of Niuean descent. In Round 13 of the 2003 NRL season he made his debut for the Wests Tigers against the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles at Leichhardt Oval. He played mostly at centre in his first centre, scoring a double in his third game.
Halatau was first selected for the New Zealand national rugby league team in 2004. He mostly played at either centre or from the bench for the Wests Tigers in 2004 and 2005, playing over 20 games a year, but was moved to lock forward for the 2005 semi-final campaign. Halatau was awarded the Man of the Match for his two try effort against St. George in the 2005 Prelim Final,and a week later played in the Wests Tigers' 2005 NRL grand final victory over the North Queensland Cowboys. He played for New Zealand in the 2006 Rugby League Tri-Nations.
Halatau was selected to play for the New Zealand national team at hooker in the 2007 ANZAC Test loss against Australia. He also went on the 2007 All Golds tour, playing against Great Britain at hooker. In August 2008, Halatau was named in the New Zealand training squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup, and in October 2008, he was named in the final 24-man Kiwi squad. Halatau was a member of the World Cup winning New Zealand team which defeated Australia in the 2008 World Cup Final at Suncorp Stadium, Brisbane.
In August 2009, Halatau signed a 3 year deal with the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs commencing in 2010. In his first two seasons he played 27 games, mostly from the bench but occasionally covering for Michael Ennis at hooker.
In 2012, Halatau was playing second-row in the starting team. He injured his knee in July and was unable to return to first grade.
Halatau played exclusively from the reserve bench in 2013, but made appearances in all 25 of the Bulldogs' games. He also made his first semi-final appearance since joining the club.
In July 2013, it was announced that Halatau would be returning to his previous club Wests Tigers on a two year contract from 2014. CEO Grant Meyer said, "His experience and leadership as a senior player is going to be invaluable for some of our younger players. We have been very clear that we are investing very heavily in our juniors and a player like Dene will provide leadership and mentoring for the group."

</doc>
<doc id="2932694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932694" title="HUB–Robeson Center">
HUB–Robeson Center

The HUB–Robeson Center, commonly referred to as the "HUB" is the student union building centrally located on the University Park campus of Pennsylvania State University. It was originally built in 1953 and had major renovations done in 1973 and 1983. The most recent round of expansions and renovations was begun in May 1997, adding to the existing building. The building was originally named the Hetzel Union Building for Depression-era President of Penn State Ralph Dorn Hetzel.
Eateries.
On the ground floor is "Union Street", a collection of eateries that provide an alternative to the on-campus dining halls. There is also a set of aquariums (donated by the Class of 1999) and a pool hall/arcade ("The Corner Pocket") on the ground floor. Next to the aquarium is the home of The Lion 90.7FM, Penn State's only student-run radio station, which moved to the HUB on April 24, 2003. On the upper floors are lounges, dedicated study spaces, an auditorium, and the HUB-Robeson Galleries; in addition, many of Penn State's student-run groups have offices on the upper floors, such as UPAC, NRT, and the Penn State Thespians. The HUB is directly connected to the on-campus Penn State Bookstore (run by Barnes & Noble) as well as the Paul Robeson Cultural Center.
The following eateries can be found in the HUB:
The lawn in front of the HUB, commonly called the "HUB Lawn" features a gazebo and is popular with students playing frisbee and sunbathing. As of 2013 much of the HUB lawn has been cordoned off while renovations surrounding the HUB area take place. The bookstore connecting to the HUB is now in temporary mobile units on the lawn during this period.
1996 Shooting.
The lawn was the site of the 1996 shooting that resulted in the death of Melanie Spalla, a 21 year-old undergraduate journalism student from Altoona. The perpetrator of the shooting, Jillian Robbins, was a 19 year-old non-student resident of State College. At approximately 9:30 AM on September 17, Robbins was positioned outdoors at the northwest corner of the HUB Lawn, where the HUB pool room now stands. She fired five shots in the general direction of College Avenue using a 7 mm Mauser rifle. Nicholas Mensah, a 22 year-old student from Ghana, was also wounded in the shooting, but was not killed.
Of the five bullets fired, two struck victims, one was recovered at St. Paul's United Methodist Church, and another on the eighth floor of Penn Tower Apartments. The fifth was found on the ground. On their paths, two of the bullets grazed two students' book bags.
At that morning hour, during the middle of a class period, there were few students on the lawn, and police managed to identify only 15 witnesses. One of these witnesses, student Brendon Malovrh, is credited with wrestling the gun away from Robbins just after she loaded a second clip. In response, she pulled out a knife and attempted to stab Malovrh. When Malovrh dodged out of the way, Robbins accidentally stabbed herself in the thigh, after which Malovrh used his belt to try to stop her bleeding. Robbins was arrested at the scene, and Mensah and Robbins were taken to Centre Community Hospital for treatment following the shooting.
Following her arrest, Robbins spent six months in Norristown State Hospital, an in-patient psychiatric hospital that treats both voluntary and court-committed patients. Robbins never offered a reason for her actions, but did say that she had intended to kill herself that day. She later plead not guilty by reason of insanity.
The Village (2001).
In 2001, the HUB was the site of a 9-day student sit-in demonstration called "The Village". The Village began as a community response to death threats received by African American students at the University. In support of better diversity programs at Penn State, more than forty student groups participated along with many other students and community members.
Occupy Penn State (2011).
In 2011, the HUB saw another student demonstration which paralleled the Occupy Wall Street demonstrations happening concurrently. The demonstration lasted nearly 5 weeks and included many core occupants remaining in the HUB during its entire duration. During its five weeks Occupy Penn State brought student's attention to pressing issues in today's society including, but not limited to, financial inequalities, tuition, corruption, social injustice, and more. After the onset of the Jerry Sandusky Scandal and the subsequent firing of President Graham Spanier, the Occupy Penn State movement decided it was best to disband. Occupy Penn State still has members having active roles across campus and the community, however they have since vacated the HUB as a whole.

</doc>
<doc id="2932699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932699" title="Caillavet">
Caillavet

Caillavet may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2932703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932703" title="Dwight Smith (American football)">
Dwight Smith (American football)

Dwight L. Smith (born August 13, 1978) is a former American college and professional football player who was a safety in the National Football League (NFL) for eight seasons. He played college football for the University of Akron, and earned All-American honors. The Tampa Bay Buccaneers picked him in the third round of the 2001 NFL Draft, and he also played professionally for the New Orleans Saints, Minnesota Vikings and Detroit Lions of the NFL. Smith earned a Super Bowl ring with the Buccaneers in Super Bowl XXXVII.
Early years.
Smith was born in Detroit, Michigan. He attended Central High School in Detroit, and played high school football for the Central Trailblazers.
College career.
He attended the University of Akron, where he played for the Akron Zips football team from 1997 to 2000. As a senior in 2000, he had 10 interceptions and was recognized as a consensus first-team All-American at defensive back along with being a finalist for the Thorpe Award.
Professional career.
Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Smith began his career with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers from 2001 to 2004. Smith's career highlight came in the Bucs' 48-21 victory over the Oakland Raiders in Super Bowl XXXVII, in which Smith intercepted two passes from quarterback Rich Gannon, returning both for touchdowns. He was the first player ever to score 2 touchdowns on interception returns in Super Bowl history.
New Orleans Saints.
Before the 2005 season he signed with the New Orleans Saints and played for them for a season.
Minnesota Vikings.
Smith signed a three-year deal with the Vikings in July 2006. On February 20, 2008 the Vikings released him.
Detroit Lions.
On February 27, 2008 he signed with the Detroit Lions. He will receive $5 million over 2 years. The deal reunited Smith with Lions' head coach Rod Marinelli and defensive coordinator Joe Barry, both of whom were assistants on the Tampa Bay staff when the veteran safety spent the first four seasons of his NFL career as a standout Bucs' defender.
Smith was released by the Lions on February 9, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="2932713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932713" title="Sheldon Mayer">
Sheldon Mayer

Sheldon Mayer (April 1, 1917 – December 21, 1991) was an American comic book writer, artist and editor. One of the earliest employees of Major Malcolm Wheeler-Nicholson's National Allied Publications, Mayer produced almost all of his comics work for the company that would become known as DC Comics.
He is among those credited with rescuing the unsold "Superman" comic strip from the rejection pile.
Mayer was inducted into the comic book industry's Jack Kirby Hall of Fame in 1992 and the Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame in 2000. Mayer is not to be confused with fellow Golden Age comics professional Sheldon Moldoff.
Early career.
Mayer's career in the days before comic books was a diverse one. He worked as writer and artist on "scores of titles" for a juvenile audience circa 1932-33, before joining the Fleischer animation studios as an "opaquer" in 1934.
He began working for National Allied Publications (Major Malcolm Wheeler-Nicholson's initial company, later known as DC Comics) shortly after it was founded, in 1935, writing and drawing stories and "thus becoming one of the very first contributors original material to comic books."
Between 1936 and 1938, Mayer worked for Dell Comics, producing illustrations, house advertisements and covers for titles including "Popular Comics", "The Comics" and "The Funnies". Also in 1936, he joined the McClure Syndicate "as an editor working for comics industry pioneer M.C. Gaines." While working for the McClure syndicate, Mayer came across Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster's unsold "Superman" comics strip, which he "immediately fell in love with." He recalled in a 1985 book that, "The syndicated press rejected it about fifteen times. I was singing praises so much that in 1938 Gaines finally took the strip up to Harry Donenfeld, who was looking for original material to run in his new title, "Action Comics"," where the soon-to-be iconic character debuted as the lead feature of the first issue. "Action Comics" editor Vin Sullivan is also among those credited with discovering Superman. Mayer said,
All-American Comics.
In 1939, "Gaines left McClure to enter into a partnership with Periodical Publications," and Mayer went with him, becoming the first editor of the line, then run as a separate entity from National/DC, publishers of Superman and Batman. Mayer edited and participated in the creation of - among others - the Flash (in "Flash Comics"), Green Lantern, Hawkman, Wonder Woman and "All-Star Comics", home to the Justice Society of America. Comics historian Les Daniels noted that "This was obviously a great notion, since it offered readers a lot of headliners for a dime, and also the fun of watching fan favorites interact."
Among his non-superhero work, Mayer assisted with lettering and logo creation on several "All-American" titles, and drew a number of covers for the "Mutt and Jeff" reprints appearing in the companies flagship title "All-American Comics" (1939–1958). Having created the semi-autobiographical strip ""Scribbly", the trials of a novice cartoonist," for Dell Comics in 1936, (where the character appeared in "The Funnies" #2-29 and "Popular Comics" #8-9), Mayer moved Scribbly to All-American Publications in 1939. Soon after, the strip included the supporting character of "Ma" Hunkel, who would go on to become the Golden Age incarnation of the Red Tornado, with Mayer writing, penciling and inking the renamed "Scribbly and the Red Tornado" for "All-American Comics" between 1941 and 1944 when All-American merged with National. Mayer launched several funny animal titles including "Funny Stuff" (Summer 1944), "Animal Antics" (March 1946), and "Funny Folks" (April 1946).
Editorial retirement.
Mayer retired from editing in 1948, "to devote himself full-time to cartooning" he began to write and draw a number of humor comics for National, including the features "The Three Mouseketeers", "Leave It to Binky", a teenage humor book... "Sugar and Spike"." "Leave It to Binky" debuted in February 1948 while "Scribbly" received its own title in August 1948. "Sugar and Spike" proved to be one of Mayer's longest-lasting strips, starring two babies who could communicate in baby-talk that adults could not understand. Mayer even signed the stories he drew, something rare at National Periodical Publications in the late 1950s when Sugar and Spike debuted.
In the 1970s, when failing eyesight limited his drawing ability, he continued to work for National/DC, contributing scripts to the companies horror and mystery magazines, including most notably "House of Mystery", "House of Secrets" and "Forbidden Tales of Dark Mansion". With artist Tony DeZuniga, he co-created the "Black Orchid" feature which ran in "Adventure Comics" #428-430 in 1973. Mayer wrote and drew several "Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer" treasuries starting in 1972. These were published as "Limited Collectors' Edition" C-24, C-33, C-42, C-50 and "All-New Collectors' Edition" C-53, C-60. Additionally, one digest format edition was published as "The Best of DC" #4 (March–April 1980). In 1978, Mayer wrote and drew a "How to Draw Batman Booklet" as part of an on-going debate with DC editor Paul Levitz regarding continuity in comic books. In the 50th anniversary publication "Fifty Who Made DC Great", Mayer is cited as still writing and drawing "for the company that first published his great discovery, "Superman", forty-seven years ago."
After successful cataract surgery, Mayer returned to drawing Sugar and Spike stories for the international market and only a few have been reprinted in the United States. The American reprints appeared in the digest sized comics series "The Best of DC" #29, 41, 47, 58, 65, and 68. In 1992, "Sugar and Spike" #99 was published as part of the "DC Silver Age Classics" series; this featured two previously unpublished stories by Mayer. DC writer and executive Paul Levitz has described "Sugar and Spike" as being "Mayer's most charming and enduring creation".
DC attempted to license "Sugar and Spike" as a syndicated newspaper strip but was unsuccessful. Sales on the "Sugar and Spike" issues of "The Best of DC" were strong enough that DC announced plans for a new ongoing series featuring the characters. The project was never launched for unknown reasons.
Awards.
Mayer received an Inkpot Award in 1976. He was inducted into the Jack Kirby Hall of Fame in 1992 and the Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="2932714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932714" title="Dark Latin Groove">
Dark Latin Groove

DLG (Dark Latin Groove) is a salsa band that mixes salsa, reggae, reggaeton, and hip-hop. The group was brought together in New York by producer Sergio George (who also signed them to his record company Sir George Records) and included Huey Dunbar, Fragancia, and James "Da Barba" de Jesus.
Beginnings.
Looking for vocalists, Sergio George discovered within the salsa club scenes both Huey Dunbar and James "Da Barba" de Jesus. De Jesus had previously been a backup singer for both Tito Nieves and Sistah Souljah. Their first appearance took place in April 1996 when they performed alongside Sergio George, who took up keyboard.
Breakup.
After their third album in 2000, lead singer Huey Dunbar decided to break away from DLG to pursue a solo career. This essentially led to the breakup of the entire group.
Rebirth.
In 2007, DLG producer Sergio George announced that the group would resurface again. Dunbar rejected George's invitation to return to the group. Sergio's search for a new vocalist led him to "Miss YaYa", whose real name is Yahaira Vargas. She had previously participated in an American-Idol-like contest called 'Gigantes del Manaña' on the variety show Sabado Gigante in 2000. In addition, YaYa was on the first season of Sean P. Diddy Combs show Making the Band 3 in 2005 on MTV. Her manager contacted Sergio who reviewed her work and photos via myspace.com. They set up an interview in Florida with Sergio, and James "Da Barba".
The new DLG, with Miss YaYa and James Da Barba, is nominated for a 2009 Grammy in the "Best Tropical Album" category, and a 2009 Premio Lo Nuestro award for "Best Tropical Group."

</doc>
<doc id="2932718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932718" title="John Hetherington">
John Hetherington

John Hetherington was an English haberdasher, often incorrectly credited as the inventor of the top hat, which supposedly caused a riot when he first wore it in public on 15 January 1797.
The story.
The common form of the story, as reproduced in many books, has it that he was arraigned before the Lord Mayor on 15 January 1797 on a charge of breach of the peace and inciting a riot, and was required to post a £500 bond. Reportedly he had "appeared on the public highway wearing upon his head what he called a silk hat (which was shiny lustre and calculated to frighten timid people)" and the officers of the Crown stated that "several women fainted at the unusual sight, while children screamed, dogs yelped and a younger son of Cordwainer Thomas was thrown down by the crowd which collected and had his right arm broken".
Origin.
Evidently this story first appeared in a late 1890s edition of the "Hatters' Gazette": in 1899 the quarterly journal "Notes and Queries" reported the story, noting that it originated in "a recent number of the Hatters' Gazette".
Later accounts also attribute the story to the "Hatters' Gazette" - however, both the "Australian Law Review" of 1927, and "The Dearborn Independent" in its "I Read in the Papers" column of 8 January 1927, erroneously describe it as being reported in a 1797 edition of the "Hatters' Gazette" ("The Dearborn Independent" specifying it more narrowly as the 16 January 1797 edition) - obviously an error, as the "Hatters' Gazette" only began publication in 1878.
"The Canberra Times" for 10 June 1927 reproduced the usual account, with an introduction saying, "During a discussion in the columns of 'The Times' (London) on the pioneer of umbrellas, a correspondent sent an extract from an old journal in her possession, dated 16 January 1797, giving the following amusing account of the wearing of the first silk hat in London". It is not known which "old journal" is referred to, but as noted above it cannot be the "Hatters' Gazette".

</doc>
<doc id="2932719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932719" title="Dilute Russell's viper venom time">
Dilute Russell's viper venom time

Dilute Russell's viper venom time (dRVVT) is a laboratory test often used for detection of lupus anticoagulant (LA).
Variations in the test can affect the results.
Mechanism.
This "in vitro" diagnostic test is based on the ability of the venom of the Russell's viper to induce thrombosis. The coagulant in the venom directly activates factor X, which turns prothrombin into thrombin in the presence of factor V and phospholipid. In the dRVVT assay, low, rate-limiting concentrations of both Russell's viper venom and phospholipid are used to give a standard clotting time of 23 to 27 seconds. This makes the test sensitive to the presence of lupus anticoagulants, because these antibodies interfere with the clot-promoting role of phospholipid "in vitro", and their presence results in a prolonged clotting time. A mixing study is then performed, which consists of adding an equal volume of the patient's plasma to normal plasma. In this study, one would expect the clotting time to return to the normal range if there was only a deficiency of coagulation factors alone. A prolonged clotting time of 30 seconds or greater that does not correct despite the mixing study suggests the presence of a lupus anticoagulant. An abnormal result for the initial dRVVT assay should be followed by a dRVVT confirmatory test. In this test, the inhibitory effect of lupus anticoagulants on phospholipids in the dRVVT can be overcome by adding an excess of phospholipid to the assay. The clotting times of both the initial dRVVT assay and confirmatory test are normalized and then used to determine a ratio of time without phospholipid excess to time with phospholipid excess. In general, a ratio of greater than 1.2 is considered a positive result and implies that the patient may have antiphospholipid antibodies. The dRVVT test has a higher specificity than the aPTT test for the detection of lupus anticoagulant, because it is not influenced by deficiencies or inhibitors of clotting factors VIII, IX or XI.
Use in diagnosis.
The dRVVT is one component of a workup of a suspected antiphospholipid antibody, the other component being the serological testing for anticardiolipin antibodies and anti-β2 glycoprotein-I antibodies using ELISA technology. The Sapporo criteria require at least one of the above laboratory tests to be positive and the patient to have at least one clinical manifestation of antiphospholipid syndrome, such as vascular thrombosis or fetal mortality/morbidity, in order to diagnose the antiphospholipid syndrome . Positive laboratory test results should be seen on two separate occasions at least twelve weeks apart in order for diagnosis. Antiphospholipid antibody syndrome is an important marker for recurrent thrombosis, and often warrants indefinite anticoagulant (blood thinner) therapy.
The criteria were defined in 1999, and revised in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="2932720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932720" title="Nolan Yonkman">
Nolan Yonkman

Nolan Yonkman (born April 1, 1981) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for the Norfolk Admirals of the American Hockey League whilst under contract to the Anaheim Ducks of the National Hockey League (NHL).
Playing career.
Yonkman played major junior in the Western Hockey League (WHL) with the Kelowna Rockets and Brandon Wheat Kings. He was drafted 37th overall by the Washington Capitals in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft and made his NHL debut in 2001–02. Yonkman played the majority of his stay with the Capitals organization with their AHL affiliate, the Portland Pirates. 
On July 17, 2006, Yonkman signed as a free agent with the Nashville Predators. He has since played with their AHL affiliate, the Milwaukee Admirals for three seasons. On July 13, 2009, Nolan was re-signed by the Predators to a one-year contract. 
After four seasons with the Admirals Nolan then signed a one-year contract with the Phoenix Coyotes on July 3, 2010. Yonkman played for affiliate, the San Antonio Rampage.
On July 1, 2011 Yonkman signed a two-year deal with the Florida Panthers organization. He remained as captain with the Rampage, the Panthers new AHL affiliate, during his tenure with the Panthers. Over the course of his contract he appeared in 8 games for Florida as a reserve defenseman.
On July 7, 2013, Yonkman signed a one-year, two-way contract as a free agent with the Anaheim Ducks.

</doc>
<doc id="2932729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932729" title="Pacific Sun (newspaper)">
Pacific Sun (newspaper)

The Pacific Sun was founded in 1963 in California, and is the second longest running alternative weekly in the nation, behind only "The Village Voice". With a readership of around 80,000, the paper is distributed throughout Marin County, just north of San Francisco in the San Francisco Bay Area.
Until 2012, the paper was owned by Embarcadero Media, who purchased it from longtime owner Steve McNamara in 2004. Sam Chapman, former Chief of Staff for U.S. Senator Barbara Boxer (who worked as a reporter for the "Pacific Sun" early in her career), was the paper's publisher until 2010. In October 2012, Bob Heinen of Luxembourg West purchased the paper and replaced Gina Allen as publisher. Jason Walsh serves as the editor and Dani Burlison replaced Samantha Campos as staff writer in 2010.
The paper is published every Friday.

</doc>
<doc id="2932730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932730" title="Alex Chan (rugby league)">
Alex Chan (rugby league)

Alex Chan (born 22 December 1974 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a former New Zealand professional rugby league footballer and currently coaching at the Wentworthville Magpies he has played for the Catalans Dragons of Super League, Melbourne Storm, Parramatta Eels and Northern Eagles in the NRL. A New Zealand international representative forward, he has also previously played for the Bay of Plenty Stags in New Zealand, and has also played for the Aotearoa Māori team. He is of Chinese descent.
Chan played at fullback for the Māori in 1999 and earlier represented the team at the 1994 Pacific Cup. He was selected for the Aotearoa Māori side at the 2000 World Cup but did not play a match.
Chan played for the Parramatta Eels from the interchange bench in their 2001 NRL grand final loss to the Newcastle Knights.

</doc>
<doc id="2932731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932731" title="Urumi">
Urumi

The urumi (Tamil: சுருள் பட்டாக்கத்தி "surul pattai", lit. curling blade; Sinhalese: එතුණු කඩුව "ethunu kaduwa"; Hindi: "aara") is a longsword with a flexible whip-like blade from India. Originating in the country's southern states, it is thought to have existed as far back as the Maurya dynasty. The urumi is considered one of the most difficult weapons to master due to the risk of injuring oneself. It is treated as a steel whip, and therefore requires prior knowledge of that weapon. For this reason, the urumi is always taught last in the martial arts.
The word "urumi" is of north Keralan origin. In the state's southern region it is more commonly called a "chuttuval", from the words for coiling or spinning ("chuttu") and sword ("vaal"). Alternative Tamil names for the weapon are "surul val" (curling sword) and "surul katti" (curling knife).
Anatomy.
The urumi hilt is constructed from iron or brass and is identical to that of the talwar, complete with a crossguard and frequently a slender knucklebow. The typical handle is termed a "disc hilt" from the prominent disc-shaped flange surrounding the pommel. The pommel often has a short decorative spike-like protrusion projecting from its centre. The blade is fashioned from flexible edged steel measuring three-quarters to one inch in width. Ideally it should be the same as the wielder's armspan, usually between 4 feet to 5.5 feet. Multiple blades are often attached to a single handle. The Sri Lankan variation can have up to 32 blades and is typically dual-wielded, with one in each hand.
Use.
The urumi is handled like a flail arm but requires less strength since the blade combined with contrifugal force is sufficient to inflict injury. As with other "soft" weapons, urumi-wielders learn to follow and control the momentum of the blade with each swing, thus techniques include spins and agile maneuvres. These long-reaching spins make the weapon particularly well-suited to fighting against multiple opponents. When not in use, the urumi is worn coiled around the waist like a belt, with the handle at the wearer's side like a conventional sword.

</doc>
<doc id="2932741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932741" title="Clessie Cummins">
Clessie Cummins

Clessie Lyle Cummins (December 27, 1888 - August 17, 1968) was the founder of the Cummins Engine Co. He was an entrepreneur who improved on existing diesel engines, created new diesel engine designs, was awarded 33 United States patents for his inventions, and set five world records for endurance and speed for trucks, buses and race cars.
Cummins began his career as a rural Indiana farm boy, and had no formal higher education beyond the eighth grade. In the 1920s Cummins went to work for a banker named William Irwin in Columbus, Indiana, as a chauffeur and mechanic.
Foundation of Cummins Engine Co..
In 1919, Clessie Cummins founded the Cummins Engine Co, Inc (now Cummins, Inc). At the time of its founding, Cummins developed the first engine as licensee of R.M. Hvid Co. This engine was a model designed for use on the farm.
Cummins' former employer, Irwin, invested a great deal of money in Cummins' company. However, Irwin was not satisfied with the company's profits and threatened to cease investing. Sales of diesel engines to farmers through the Sears-Roebuck catalog were not generating significant profits, partially because farmers would purchase and use the engines during the harvest period and then return them to Sears.
Clessie Cummins secured a Packard limousine (a vehicle with a large engine compartment) and fitted one of his best engines into it with 3/8-inch to spare. He and an assistant drove the vehicle to the 1929 auto show in New York City using $1.39 ($19.01 USD2013)worth of diesel fuel. The pair arranged for publicity along the way, but when they arrived at the show they found that they had been banned from any presentation. Cummins proceeded to rent space across the street from the Auto Show, and the ""$1.39 for fuel, Indy to NYC"" auto become a popular feature of the show (despite not technically being included in it).
During the 1920s, many of the company's engines were used in yachts—a market that vanished during the Great Depression of the 1930s. At that time, his employer and patron, Will Irwin, owned a controlling interest in the Purity Supreme supermarket chain, in California. Cummins convinced Irwin to install diesel engines in the fleet of trucks used to deliver food and staples to the stores. The diesel trucks were far better at managing the California mountains than the gasoline engines of that time, and were much more durable and economical to run. The success at Purity Supreme attracted considerable attention, and the over-the-road diesel truck industry thus came into being. Thereafter, the growth of Cummins Engine came mainly from supplying high-speed, high-torque engines, which buyers specified for installation in semi-trailer tractors from most of the major manufacturers.
Cummins' times with the engine company continued to be tumultuous even after this success, but money was being made. Cummins' first successful engine design, the Model F [(1924)], was originally used for marine applications, but came to be used in other applications. In 1931 Cummins entered the Indianapolis 500 with a self-built (3,389 pound, 361 cubic-inch) four cylinder, three-valve, , Model U marine diesel that he installed into Model A Duesenberg. The Cummins Duesy averaged and completed the race on 1 tank of fuel, without any pit stops! & Driver Magazine. October 2003
World War II ensured the success of the fledgling company: the American military bought every diesel engine which could be produced in preparation for an Allied invasion of continental Europe. But it was the post-war sale of truck engines that contributed most to the company's subsequent growth.
Legacy.
In 1955, Cummins had to leave the company he created, retiring from the position of Chairman. He had managed to hold onto some key patents and formed Cummins Enterprises Company later that year. He moved on to work for the Allison Engine Company in California.
Clessie Cummins continued to innovate until his death on August 17, 1968. He identified the problem of vehicle brakes overheating and becoming non-functional during long, steep downhill descents. As a result, he designed and patented the first compression release engine brake. The design was first offered to Cummins, but Jacobs was ultimately the company with which he partnered. In 1954, the product was and still is sold under the Jake Brake name by Jacobs Vehicle Systems, Inc. As he approached eighty years of age, he designed, built, and ran in his basement shop a new concept engine.
"Cummins, Inc." is now a worldwide builder of diesel engines with annual sales approaching $18 billion.
On February 22, 2007, Clessie Cummins was inducted into the Central Indiana Business Hall of Fame.
His son, Clessie Lyle Cummins Junior, has written several books, for example
A. Internal fire
B. Diesel's engine
Sometimes, Clessie Lyle Cummins Junior's name is just written as Clessie Lyle Cummins.

</doc>
<doc id="2932745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932745" title="Quicksand, Kentucky">
Quicksand, Kentucky

Quicksand is an unincorporated community located in Breathitt County, Kentucky, United States. Its post office closed in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="2932747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932747" title="1978 European Rugby League Championship">
1978 European Rugby League Championship


</doc>
<doc id="2932751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932751" title="Peter of Krutitsy">
Peter of Krutitsy

St. Hieromartyr Peter of Krutitsy (Священному́ченик Пётр Крути́цкий, born Pyotr Fyodorovich Polyansky, Пётр Фёдорович Поля́нский; June 28, 1862 – September 27 O. S./October 10, 1937), was a Russian Orthodox bishop and martyr. From April 12 till December 9, 1925 he was the head of the Russian Orthodox Church, serving as the Patriarchal locum tenens. Despite his imprisonment, he remained technically locum tenens until his death in 1937.
Early life.
Peter was born in the village of Storozhevoye of the Korotoyaksk district of the Governorate of Voronezh, to the family of a parish priest. In 1885 he completed the course of the Voronezh Theological Seminary and in 1892 graduated from the Moscow Theological Academy. He remained in the Academy in the position of Assistant Dean of Students ("Inspector") and in 1897 he defended his Master’s thesis. Upon graduation, Polyansky did not seek an ordained ministry, but rather for the most of his life, he served as a layman in various official ecclesiastical establishments. From 1906 to 1918, Polyansky worked at the Education Committee of the Most Holy Synod of the Russian Orthodox Church, by 1915 becoming Secretary, with the rank of "Actual Civil Counsellor" ("deistvitelniy statskiy sovietnik", Class IV on the Russian Table of Ranks, equivalent to a Major General in the Russian Imperial Army), serving as Inspector of all theological schools in the Russian Empire. His duties required him to travel extensively, and during this time, he developed a close acquiaintance with the future Patriarchs Tikhon (Bellavin) and Sergius (Stragorodsky).
After the Bolshevik Revolution.
When the Education Committee was closed down in 1918, in the aftermath of the Bolshevik Russian Revolution, Polyansky worked in the apparatus of the All-Russian Council of 1917-1918 in Moscow. In 1920, when the tide of anti-religious policies of Soviet government was rising rapidly, he was asked by Patriarch Tikhon to do another important service to the Church – to accept monastic tonsure and the episcopacy, in order to assist Tikhon in the administration of the Church. After the request was made, he was reported as saying: "If I refuse, I will be a traitor of the Church; but I am aware that by accepting this offer, I am signing my own death sentence."
Peter was tonsured a monk by Metropolitan Sergius (Stragorodsky) and quickly advanced through the clerical ranks to be consecrated as Bishop of Podolsk by Patriarch Tikhon on October 8, 1920. Almost immediately, he was arrested and spent 1920-1923 in exile in Veliky Ustiug. Upon his return from exile in 1923, Bishop Peter became one of the prominent members of church government and a close ally of Patriarch Tikhon. In 1923 he was elevated to the rank of archbishop and in 1924 became a Metropolitan of Krutitsy – a titular see in the vicinity of Moscow. 
On December 25, 1924, Patriarch Tikhon made a “will” where he designated three possible successors to the Patriarchal Throne upon his death. This step was clearly unforeseen either by the church canons or the Statutes of the Russian Church, but was dictated by the circumstances under which a proper Patriarchal election by an independent church council was impossible. In his will, Tikhon named three candidates: Metropolitan Kirill (Smirnov) of Kazan, Metropolitan Agathangel (Preobrazhensky) of Yaroslavl and Metropolitan Peter (Polyansky) of Krutitsy. Since Peter was the only candidate who was not in prison or exile at the time, on April 12, 1925 (the day of Tikhon’s funeral), he was confirmed as the Patriarchal locum tenens.
Locum tenens.
Upon assuming the duties of locum tenens, Metropolitan Peter came under intense pressure from the Soviet government and secret services, trying to persuade him to reconcile with the pro-Soviet Renovationist schism calling itself the "Living Church" and to express unconditional loyalty to the Soviet state. While Peter agreed with the need for Orthodox Soviet citizens to be politically loyal, he regarded any reconciliation with the Living Church to be possible only on the condition of the schismatics' repentance. On July 28, 1925, Peter issued a “Letter” to his flock where he confirmed the Church’s position with respect to Renovationists. In response, Renovationists accused Peter of conspiring with the Russian emigres in the West and thus contributed to Peter’s arrest. 
Foreseeing his imminent imprisonment, Peter followed Tikhon’s example in selecting three candidates, one of whom would assume the responsibilities of Patriarchal locum tenens in the event of Peter’s arrest. The latter followed on December 10, 1925, and his duties passed onto Metropolitan Sergius (Stragorodsky) who became "Deputy" "locum tenens", with Peter as a nominal head of the Church. Peter would spend the rest of his life in exile and prisons, weakened by the harsh conditions and harassed by Soviet authorities.
Imprisonment and death.
In November 1926, Peter was sentenced to three-year exile to the Ural region, which in May 1928 was extended to two more years. His exile by no means implied his lack of involvement in the church affairs – thus, in December 1929, he sent a letter to Metropolitan Sergius, reprimanding him for exceeding his powers as a "deputy", and reminding him that he, Peter, is still technically the head of the Church. 
In 1930, Peter was arrested again. After rejecting the offers to resign his position and to become a GPU agent, he was sentenced to five years of hard labor. Some time before the sentencing, Peter suffered a partial paralysis caused by the harsh prison conditions. He spent the years 1931 to 1937 in solitary confinement in the Verkhneuralsk prison. In July 1936, his confinement was extended to three more years, while Metropolitan Sergius was given a false report of Peter’s death and therefore assumed the full leadership of the Russian Orthodox Church.
On October 2, 1937, the NKVD troika for Chelyabinsk Oblast sentenced Metropolitan Peter to death. He was executed by shooting at 4 p.m. on October 10, 1937, and buried in the city of Magnitogorsk, Chelyabinsk region. 
Metropolitan Peter of Krutitsy was canonized as Hieromartyr and Confessor by the decision of Hierarchical Council of the Russian Orthodox Church on February 23, 1997. His feast day is celebrated on the anniversary of his death, October 10 (N.S.).

</doc>
<doc id="2932761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932761" title="Mikhail Yakubov">
Mikhail Yakubov

Mikhail Yurievich Yakubov (born February 16, 1982 in Barnaul, Soviet Union) is a Russian ice hockey center who currently plays for the Metallurg Magnitogorsk of the Kontinental Hockey League.
Yakubov was drafted 10th overall by Chicago in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.
In 2006 he won Pajulahti cup and in 2007 won Turnir Puchkova with Severstal Cherepovets.

</doc>
<doc id="2932763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932763" title="Antonio Kaufusi">
Antonio Kaufusi

Antonio Kaufusi (born 27 November 1984 in Tonga) is a Tongan-Australian professional rugby league footballer currently playing for the Huddersfield Giants of the European Super League. An Australian and Tongan international and Queensland State of Origin representative forward, he previously played for the Melbourne Storm, North Queensland Cowboys, Newcastle Knights and more recently the London Broncos. Kaufusi primarily plays at prop.
Playing career.
Storm.
Kaufusi made his first-grade debut against the Bulldogs in 2003.
He played at prop forward in his first Grand Final in 2006, when the Storm were defeated by the Brisbane Broncos, 15–8.
A serious knee injury prevented Kaufusi from participating in the Storm's victorious 2007 premiership winning team. He played in the 2008 NRL Grand Final defeat by Manly.
Cowboys.
In 2009, the North Queensland Cowboys signed Kaufusi on a large contract. His stint with the Cowboys was short though, being released a year later.
Knights.
On the 25th of June 2010, Kaufusi was released from his contract with the North Queensland Cowboys to join the Newcastle Knights for the rest of 2010 and a further 2 years. He made a winning debut for the Knights in Round 18 against the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks.
London Broncos.
On the 18th of August 2011, Kaufusi signed a 3-year deal with London Broncos in the European Super League after 2012 Knights coach Wayne Bennett released him from his contract a year early. He is extremely popular with the fans at The Stoop, where he won Player of the Month for February.
Bradford Bulls.
On the second of May 2014, Antonio signed on loan for Bradford for the rest of the 2014 season.
Representative career.
In 2006 Kaufusi was called up to the Australian tri-nations squad after Reni Maitua received an ankle injury in the first test against New Zealand.
He was named in the Tonga squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="2932772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932772" title="Jeremy Yablonski">
Jeremy Yablonski

Jeremy Yablonski (born March 21, 1980) is a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger who currently plays for Idaho Steelheads of the ECHL. Primarily a hockey enforcer, Yablonski is a one time, novice Golden Gloves boxing champion from Canada.
Playing career.
Yablonski has played just one NHL game for the St. Louis Blues and received a five minute major for fighting Todd Fedoruk. He attempted to fight renowned enforcer Donald Brashear later in the game, but Brashear refused to drop the gloves.
Jeremy Yablonski fought in his first professional mixed martial arts competition on May 12, 2007, at XFS (Extreme Fight Series) 5, knocking his opponent out in 19 seconds of the first round. Yablonski improved in XFS-6 on June 14, 2007 by knocking his opponent out in 17 seconds of the first round. Jeremy Yablonski confirmed his signing with Vityaz Chekhov on July 24, 2011.
In 2013, he expressed interest in gaining first Polish, and then Ukrainian dual-citizenship in order to play for the Ukrainian national hockey team.

</doc>
<doc id="2932774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932774" title="Zélia Gattai">
Zélia Gattai

Zélia Gattai (July 2, 1916 – May 17, 2008) was a Brazilian photographer, memoirist, novelist and author of children's literature, as well as a member of the Brazilian Academy of Letters. She was married to internationally famous writer Jorge Amado from 1945 until his death in 2001.
Gattai was born in São Paulo city, state of São Paulo, on July 2, 1916, to a family of Italian immigrants. Gattai's father, Ernesto Gattai, was an anarchist and came from the region of Veneto, following the social anarchist experiment called Colônia Cecília. Her mother, Angelina Da Col, was a Catholic. After the failure of Colônia Cecília, the Gattais moved to São Paulo, where Ernesto Gattai worked as a chauffeur for wealthy families and later as a car mechanic.
In the 1930s, Zélia Gattai entered the intellectual and social circles of the modernists of São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro, becoming a friend of personalities such as Oswald de Andrade, Lasar Segall, Tarsila do Amaral, Mário de Andrade, Rubem Braga, "Zora Seljan", "Paulo Mendes de Almeida", Carlos Lacerda, Aldo Bonadei, Vinícius de Moraes and others. As a result of the anti-Communist measures by dictator Getúlio Vargas in the late 1930s, Gattai was forced to go into exile with her husband, who was a Communist, soon after her marriage in 1945. She used the opportunity to get a degree in Literature at the Sorbonne, in 1949.
Upon returning to Brazil, she and Amado settled in Salvador, in the state of Bahia, where Amado was born, and raised a family.
Gattai began her literary career in 1979 with an autobiography about her early life, titled "Anarquistas, Graças a Deus" ("Anarchists, Thank God!") which became a bestseller when it was dramatized as a miniseries by the Globo Television Network, capturing a huge audience. She later wrote eight further sequels to her autobiography, telling her love story with Jorge Amado ("A Hat for a Voyage", "The Lady of the Ball", "Winter Garden", "A Boys' Ground", "The House of Rio Vermelho", "Cittá di Roma", "Family Codes" and "Jorge Amado, a Romantic and Sensuous Baiano"). She also wrote three successful books for children and a novel.
Gattai died at 16:30, in Salvador, Brazil, aged 91. She was in hospital for 31 days, recovering from surgery.

</doc>
<doc id="2932777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932777" title="Mu Chun">
Mu Chun

Mu Chun is a fictional character in the "Water Margin", one of the Four Great Classical Novels of Chinese literature. He ranks 80th of the 108 Liangshan heroes and 44th of the 72 Earthly Fiends. He is nicknamed "Little Restrained".
Background.
Mu Chun is the younger brother of "Unrestrained" Mu Hong. The brothers are from a wealthy and influential family in Jieyang, Guangdong. Mu Chun excels in martial arts and wields a saber in battle.
Meeting Song Jiang.
When Song Jiang is exiled to Jiangzhou (present-day Jiangxi), he passes by Jieyang along the way and meets the street performer Xue Yong. Xue Yong does not acknowledge the Mu brothers' presence and angers them. Mu Chun forbids the townsfolk to pay Xue Yong for his performance. Song Jiang ignores Mu Chun and pays Xue Yong five silver taels. Mu Chun is furious with Song Jiang for showing disrespect towards him and he wants to beat up Song, but Xue Yong comes to Song's aid and he defeats Mu in a fight.
Mu Chun feels humiliated after his defeat and orders the townsfolk not to let Song Jiang spend the night in the town. Mu Chun plots revenge on Song Jiang with his brother but Song overhears their conversation and flees from the village. Xue Yong is caught by the Mu brothers and severely beaten up. Song Jiang reaches the riverbank with the Mu brothers hot on pursuit and he boards Zhang Heng's boat in desperation to escape from them. Zhang Heng claims to be a ferryman but is in fact a pirate who robs unsuspecting travellers who board his boat. Zhang Heng wants to kill Song Jiang when the boat reaches the middle of the river but he is stopped by Li Jun. Li Jun introduces Song Jiang to Zhang Heng and the Mu brothers, who recognise him as the famous philanthropist. They apologise to Song Jiang and become friends with him.
Joining Liangshan.
Song Jiang runs into some trouble in Jiangzhou later and is almost put to death. The Liangshan outlaws storm the execution ground and rescue him. They reach the riverbank where Li Jun, the Mu brothers and others are waiting with boats. They ferry the outlaws all the way back to Liangshan Marsh and the Mu brothers join Liangshan.
After the Grand Assembly, Mu Chun becomes one of the leaders of the Liangshan infantry. He follows the Liangshan heroes on their campaigns against the Liao invaders and southern rebel forces after they have been granted amnesty by the emperor. During the Fang La campaign, six heroes fall ill after the battle of Hangzhou and Mu Chun remains behind to take care of them. After the eventual defeat of Fang La, Mu Hong dies of illness and Mu Chun mourns his brother's death. The emperor grants him the official post of "Martial Gentleman of Grace" (武奕郎) in recognition of his contributions to the nation during the campaigns. Mu Chun declines the offer and returns home to lead the life of a commoner.

</doc>
<doc id="2932780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932780" title="1979 European Rugby League Championship">
1979 European Rugby League Championship


</doc>
<doc id="2932784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932784" title="David Kidwell">
David Kidwell

David Kidwell (born 23 April 1977 in Christchurch, New Zealand) is a professional rugby league coach and former player. He is currently an assistant coach for NRL club Wests Tigers. As a player, he represented his country as a member of the 2005 Tri-Nations and 2008 World Cup winning New Zealand teams. He primarily played as a second rower, though he started his career as a centre.
Playing career.
A Hornby Panthers junior in the Canterbury Rugby League competition, in 1995 Kidwell played in the Lion Red Cup for the Canterbury Country Cardinals.
He then joined the Canterbury Bankstown Bulldogs in 1996 and also made the Junior Kiwis that year. He made his First Grade Debut on 17 August 1997 in Round 17 for the Adelaide Rams against Canberra at Canberra Stadium. Kidwell was selected for the New Zealand team to compete in the end of season 1999 Rugby League Tri-Nations tournament. In the final against Australia he played from the interchange bench in the Kiwis' 22-20 loss.
In 2006 Kidwell signed a pre-contract agreement to represent the South Sydney Rabbitohs until 2009. He later played in Melbourne's 2006 NRL Grand Final loss to Brisbane. Kidwell has previously played for the Melbourne Storm, Sydney Roosters, Warrington Wolves, Parramatta Eels and the Adelaide Rams. 
In the 2007 pre-season, it was announced that Kidwell would be co-captain of the South Sydney Rabbitohs, along with Peter Cusack for 2007.
Representative career.
Kidwell made his New Zealand debut in 1999.
In August 2008, Kidwell was named in the New Zealand training squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup, and in October 2008, he was named in the final 24-man Kiwi squad.
Controversy.
After failing an alcohol test on 2 May 2008, the Rabbitohs stripped Kidwell of his captaincy and four others who failed were relegated to the bench for their Sunday match against the Cowboys.
Coaching career.
Kidwell was appointed the Rabbitohs Toyota Cup (Under 20s competition) coach for 2010.
They finished minor premiers that year and made the Grand Final, but were defeated 42-28 by the Under 20s New Zealand Warriors. He later worked as an assistant coach at the Melbourne Storm under Craig Bellamy. On September 16 2013 it was announced that he would be joining the Wests Tigers in 2014 as an assistant coach.

</doc>
<doc id="2932787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932787" title="Team Titans">
Team Titans

Team Titans was a comic book published by DC Comics that spun out of DC's "New Titans" series. It began in September 1992 and ended in September 1994. The Team Titans were first introduced as a shadowy group stalking the Titans. Their backstory was revealed in "New Titans Annual" #7 by writer Marv Wolfman, and were popular enough to merit their own series, which Wolfman also wrote. Phil Jimenez and Jeff Jensen took over writing duties with issue #13, and co-wrote the book until its cancellation.
Background information.
While Wolfman was initially given the title indefinitely, he chose to leave the title in order to devote more time to his two other books, "New Titans" and "Deathstroke". Creative differences between the new writing staff and editorial, combined with flagging sales, led to the book's cancellation in the "" crossover event.
After "Zero Hour", the remaining Team Titans members returned to Wolfman's "New Titans" book.
Story.
One of several Team Titans teams from the future, they function as a terrorist cell fighting against a world dictator, Lord Chaos, the son of Donna Troy and Terry Long. Sent ten years into the past, their mission is to kill Donna and prevent his birth. They eventually convince Donna to give up her powers, ensuring her unborn son would be equally powerless. The Team Titans struggle to carve out lives for themselves in their alternate past. Their alternate-future Nightwing comes back in time and briefly joins the team. This version of Nightwing, attacked and corrupted by a dark version of Raven shortly after his arrival, changes his name to Deathwing, and served as her assistant.
During the "Zero Hour" event, Killowat, Redwing, Dagon, Prestor Jon, and Battalion are all revealed to be from a false time-line, created by the villainous Monarch to act as his sleeper agent assassins during the time crisis. When Monarch (who had turned himself into the time-villain ) is defeated, his false futures are destroyed, and the heroes from those futures are erased from existence. Mirage, Terra, and Deathwing survive. It is later established that they are from the current time-line, and were shunted through time and given false memories by the Time Trapper, who wished to use them as sleeper agents against Extant.
In the wake of "Zero Hour", Mirage and Terra join the main Titans team. While it was sometimes hinted that Terra may have been the original Tara Markov of the main DCU time-line, the 2008 "Terra" mini-series established that she was a young woman from a society of non-humanoid suberteranians of similar powers who had been surgically altered to look like the original Terra, and who subsequently had amnesia. While Deathwing's true identity is never disclosed, it is firmly established that he is not the future version of Dick Grayson.

</doc>
<doc id="2932789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932789" title="Tashkent International Airport">
Tashkent International Airport

Tashkent International Airport ( – ) is the main international airport of Uzbekistan and the busiest airport in Central Asia. It is located from the center of Tashkent.
Overview.
This ICAO Category II airport is the primary hub of Uzbekistan Airways, and is the largest international airport in Uzbekistan, and the busiest in Central Asia. The airport comprises two terminals: Terminal 2 receives international flights, Terminal 3 is for domestic traffic. 
Terminal 2 was rebuilt in 2001, and is currently undergoing renovations. It has a capacity of 1000 passengers/hour and serves more than two million passengers per year. Other facilities include waiting lounges, CIP and VIP halls, restaurants and bars, currency exchange offices, duty-free shops, airlines ticket counters and sales offices, and a 24-hour pharmacy. The terminal operates at near maximum capacities; arriving passengers frequently spend an average of two hours completing customs and immigration formalities. Renovations in the departure area have eased congestion somewhat, but it is still recommended that passengers arrive two and a half hours prior to departure for international flights.
Terminal 3 opened in 2011 with a capacity of 400 passengers per hour. The two terminals are separated by the runway, requiring passengers transiting from international to domestic flights and vice versa to exit the airport in order to transfer between them.
The government of Uzbekistan is planning to relocate Tashkent Airport to a new site by 2030.

</doc>
<doc id="2932797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932797" title="Old Coaly">
Old Coaly

Old Coaly (1855 – January 1, 1893) was a mule who helped to build the original Old Main building on the campus of the Pennsylvania State University and gained fame as an early Penn State mascot.
Born in Kentucky in 1855, Coaly came to Pennsylvania in 1857 with his owner, Piersol Lytle, whose son Andy was among the workmen hired to construct Old Main. Coaly was used primarily to haul limestone blocks to the construction site from a quarry located on what is today a part of the Old Main lawn, near the intersection of College Avenue and Pugh Street. A plaque now marks the quarry's location.
So great was their affection for Coaly that his bones were preserved and housed in various buildings throughout campus over the years. His skeleton was relocated to the first floor of the HUB–Robeson Center (HUB), to coincide with the sesquicentennial celebration of the school in 2004. Several points of interest on campus have been named in honor of Old Coaly; There was an eatery in the HUB known as "Coaly's Cafe" until renovations on the building necessitated its closing between 2001 and 2002. Penn State's new baseball stadium, Medlar Field at Lubrano Park, features a food concession called "Coaly's Corner". There is also an honorary society for College of Agricultural Sciences students at Penn State named "The Coaly Society".

</doc>
<doc id="2932804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932804" title="Shi En">
Shi En

Shi En is a fictional character in the "Water Margin", one of the Four Great Classical Novels of Chinese literature. He ranks 85th of the 108 Liangshan heroes and 49th of the 72 Earthly Fiends. He is nicknamed "Golden Eyed Tiger Cub".
Background.
The "Water Margin" describes Shi En as a handsome man standing six "chi" tall with a fair complexion and a beard. He is nicknamed "Golden Eyed Tiger Cub". Shi En is the son of the commander of Anping Outpost, a prison camp for exiled convicts in Mengzhou, Jiaozuo, Henan.
Meeting Wu Song.
Wu Song is sentenced to exile in Mengzhou after killing Pan Jinlian and Ximen Qing to avenge his brother. According to a law passed down since Emperor Taizu's time, every new convict who enters the prison must be flogged 100 times. The corporal punishment is meant to tame unruly and arrogant prisoners who enter prison for the first time. Shi En respects Wu Song as a hero and succeeds in persuading his father to spare Wu from the beating on the excuse that Wu appears to be ill.
Wu Song is led to a clean cell and provided with luxuries everyday. Wu Song is grateful towards Shi En and wants to repay him for his kindness. Shi En tells Wu Song that he used to run a restaurant called "Forest of Delight" (快活林). A hooligan called Jiang Zhong, nicknamed "Jiang the Door God", came one day and beat him up and took over his restaurant. Wu Song promises to help Shi En take back the restaurant.
Wu Song defeats Jiang Zhong in a fight and warns Jiang never to return to Mengzhou and orders Jiang to apologise to Shi En. Jiang Zhong resents Wu Song and he bribes Inspector Zhang to help him. Inspector Zhang invites Wu Song to his residence and frames him for theft later. Wu Song is arrested and sentenced to exile once more. Meanwhile, Jiang Zhong returns to the restaurant and seizes it back from Shi En by force.
Becoming an outlaw.
The guards escorting Wu Song into exile have been bribed by Jiang Zhong to kill him along the way. However, Wu Song senses something amiss and he kills the guards and escapes. He returns to Mengzhou and kills Inspector Zhang and Jiang Zhong. He flees from Mengzhou and goes to join the outlaws on Mount Twin Dragons with help from Zhang Qing and Sun Erniang. Shi En also leaves Mengzhou with his family at that time. He joins the outlaws later after the deaths of his parents.
Campaigns and death.
Shi En follows the outlaws back to Liangshan Marsh after the great battle at Qingzhou (in present-day Shandong) and joins the Liangshan cause of "delivering justice on Heaven's behalf". He becomes one of the leaders of the Liangshan infantry after the Grand Assembly. He follows the heroes on their campaigns against the Liao invaders and rebel forces after they have been granted amnesty by the emperor. During the Fang La campaign, Shi En follows the Ruan brothers on a naval assault on the enemy territory of Kunshan, but falls into the river by accident and drowns.

</doc>
<doc id="2932805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932805" title="Fitzpatrick's War">
Fitzpatrick's War

"Fitzpatrick's War" is a work of post-apocalyptic fiction by Theodore Judson. It was first published by Daw Books in 2004.
Plot introduction.
The novel takes the form of an autobiography by a twenty-fifth century soldier, Brigadier General Sir Robert Mayfair Bruce, of the Yukon Confederacy, as edited by a prudish, bigoted academic of the twenty-sixth century, Professor Roland Modesty Van Buren. Bruce's story chronicles (and criticizes) the career of Lord Isaac Prophet Fitzpatrick, a consul of the fictional Yukon Confederacy whose life closely parallels that of Alexander the Great. This unique style allows the reader to simultaneously learn the "official history" of Fitzpatrick as well as the revisionist version of Bruce's purported work.
Plot.
Backstory.
The history of Judson's world is revealed in the form of an oral history exam given to cadets at the Yukon War College, in addition to various footnotes and references in the text. In the mid twenty-first century civil order began to break down in the United States and elsewhere in North America and Europe through the rise of many rival factions and gangs. One such group, the "New Agrarians", became the primary source of agricultural products as market conditions rendered investment in farming unprofitable. Derided by urban elites as hicks, they were called "Yukons" because of the remoteness of that Canadian territory, a name which they eventually adopted for themselves. Nonetheless, the Yukons developed a high degree of competence in biological and genetic sciences. At the same time the Timermen, their hidden technological elite, began developing means of rendering their enemies' electronic technology unusable through development of portable electromagnetic pulse generation technology. In the 2070s and 2080s, a gang known as the Yellowjackets, under the control of a lawyer named Bartholemew Iz, seized control of the United States and launched a campaign of biological warfare the goals of which are left unclear but which killed hundreds of millions of people worldwide. In 2081 war broke out between the Yellowjackets and the Yukons. The Timerman activated their electronic-inhibiting "Storm Machines" and in the ensuing chaos (known as the "Storm Times") took control of much of North America. Over the next several decades global civilization largely collapsed, leading to plagues, famine, and many local wars which killed additional hundreds of millions. The industrialized world had its population reduced to a fraction of what it once was. Muslim invaders seized continental Europe and much of Africa and Central Asia, while simultaneously China took over much of East Asia. The Yukons resettled Iceland, Greenland, Australia and the British Isles (after they were retaken from Muslim forces).
The course of the next several centuries is left somewhat ambiguous, though numerous wars with foreign powers and nations have left the Yukons a hyper-militarized society.
Judson's world at the beginning of "Fitzpatrick's War".
At the time the book begins in 2415, the Yukon Confederacy controls North America, Australasia, Britain, Iceland and Greenland. A Turkish empire controls the Muslim world, including Europe, Central Asia, Afghanistan and Pakistan; since it is based at Tashkent, "Turkish" here may be used in the generic sense. A totalitarian (and apparently still Communist) China rules virtually all of East Asia, including Siberia, Korea, and Japan. India, Ethiopia, the Philippines and a much-truncated Russia (called "Pan-Slavia" or the "Slavic Remnant") remain independent and allied with the Yukons, while Africa is divided among numerous feuding states variously supported by the Yukons, the Turks and the Chinese. Finally, Latin America is dominated by a collection of banana republics; among others, Judson lists a bandit-plagued Mexico, Brazil (since the Muslim conquest of Europe, the home of the Pope), Greater Colombia, and the Argentine Empire.
The Yukon Confederacy of Judson's book is a neo-feudal, clan based society. Its social mores are reminiscent of Victorian Age England (indeed, the national flag is the Union Jack), with strong echoes of the Puritan settlers of New England. The economy of the Yukon Confederacy is almost entirely based on feudal agriculture, though there is some light industry devoted entirely to military production. The technology is steam-based, though far in advance of the technology of the Industrial Age (approximately equivalent to technology from the 1950s), with great advances in chemicals and biological engineering over modern-day science. The Confederacy is governed by provincial Lords, who are theoretically elected to serve in the Senate in Cumberland, their capital city, but in practice often pass their position to their children. The highest post is held by the Consul. The dominant and official religion is the Unified Yukon Church, a Protestant denomination; Catholic, Jewish and various Evangelical denominations exist as barely tolerated minorities.
Thanks to a series of laws regarding inheritance, the Yukon population has remained stable at about 30 million people for several centuries. Additionally, it is implied that the Yukon population is entirely white, and that the Yukons exterminated or deported all other ethnic groups that lived in the Confederacy. The evidence for this can be found in Doctor Murrey's discussions with Bruce (which see below), the racism of Judson's characters, and the fact that many American cities that had Spanish or Native American names are given new Anglo-Saxon or Latin names by the Yukons. For example, San Francisco was renamed "Grand Harbor", and Kansas City was rebuilt as "Centralia". Non-white characters exist only at the fringes of society, as merchant mariners or as bandits in the Southwest referred to as "Latin hordes". Most of the Yukon characters see foreigners, even the Yukons' Slavic, African and Indian allies, as little better than savages.
The story.
While a student at the Yukon War College, Sir Robert Mayfair Bruce, decorated veteran of the Mexican War of 2412, is selected by Isaac Prophet Fitzpatrick (Fitzpatrick the Younger) to join his inner circle. Fitzpatrick, son of Consul Coronet Fitzpatrick, has assembled around him a group of men, each with unique talents or connections that will aid him when he (presumably) takes over his father's position. These men call themselves the "basileis", or the "kings of men". During his time as a student, Bruce also makes the acquaintance of Doctor Jonathan Nehemiah Murrey, ostensibly a professor of history, and an Irish Traveller girl named Charlotte Raft. Murrey is revealed to be a high-ranking Timerman chieftain.
Upon graduation Bruce is dispatched to India, where he works with a group of engineers constructing illegal airfields at the direction of Fitzpatrick the Younger. When the elder Fitzpatrick is killed under mysterious circumstances and his son is acclaimed the new Consul, it becomes clear that Isaac Fitzpatrick intends to use Bruce's work and the talents of the other basileis to conquer the world and create a universal, global society. Bruce is recalled to North America to take a bride from Fitzpatrick's mother's finishing school. To his surprise he is paired with Charlotte, whom Dr. Murrey has maneuvered into the position for reasons of his own. Despite the circumstances of their pairing they remain deeply in love for the rest of their lives.
Returning to India with Charlotte, Bruce begins preparing for war. Meanwhile Fitzpatrick subdues the nations of the Western Hemisphere and much of Africa, forcing them to sign the "Four Points Agreement" surrendering much of their independence to the Yukon Confederacy. Finally Fitzpatrick demands the obeisance of the Turks and Chinese, and war on an unprecedented scale is declared and fought. Millions of Chinese soldiers are killed in an attack on Yukon forces in India while, to Bruce's horror, swarms of genetically engineered locusts are dropped on agricultural regions of China, causing a famine which kills hundreds of millions more. At the end of a few months the Yukons control most of the world. The defeated enemies and the Yukons' Indian and Slavic allies are all forced to sign the Four Points Agreement.
Fitzpatrick, beset on all sides by palace intrigues, becomes increasingly paranoid. When one of his generals, Field Marshal Hood, retires to a village in China to try and remedy some of the harm he has caused, Fitzpatrick has him assassinated. Shortly thereafter an attempted coup by some of Fitzpatrick's most trusted friends (and his mother) is put down, but the Consul himself is left at the brink of madness and is nursed back to a semblance of health only by the efforts of Bruce, who by this time has become disillusioned with the actions of his liege lord.
Finally, Bruce finds himself manipulated into assassinating Fitzpatrick by the devious Murrey and his Timermen comrades, who threaten his family with death. After Bruce succeeds (with help from Pularski, Fitzpatrick's bodyguard) in blowing up Fitzpatrick's court, Bruce flees with a few survivors for Australia, where he is met by Dr. Murray. Murray reveals the secret of the Timermen to Bruce. He explains that all societies experience a heroic age, an age of imperial might and an age of decline. The Timermen's actions, going back to the Storm Times centuries before, are all engineered to keep the Yukons in a perpetual heroic age and avoid what they view as the decline of civilization that occurred during the early and mid 21st century. To achieve this end, they will continually promote the rise of a Yukon empire and then bring it crashing down through internal discontent, until the time when the rest of the world had been reduced to stone age conditions. At which point they may allow a return to the electrical age.
Following the Consul's death, his capital at Samarkand is sacked. Pan-Slavic workers who had been brought in to settle and build the city are forced to fight their way home, in an episode reminiscent of the march of the Ten Thousand described by Xenophon.
Fitzpatrick's in-laws, the Shay family, seize power and usher in a financially and morally corrupt regime that is ultimately overthrown in a coup (in which Bruce himself participates). Bruce then retires to an estate in Astoria, a village in modern-day Oregon. Yukon society has now largely rejected the universalism of Fitzpatrick's vision in favor of parochial isolationism, fulfilling Murray and the Timermen's vision.
The book concludes with the historian Van Buren's endnotes condemning Bruce as a liar and promoting the official version of history that is so drastically at odds with Bruce's account.
Prequel.
A second book, "Tri Ogalala", is supposedly in the works The title suggests that it deals with the downfall of the United States and the rise of the Yukon Confederacy (a footnote in "Fitzpatrick's War" refers to the fictitious "Diary of Tri Ogalala" as a book that discusses Bartholemew Iz).

</doc>
<doc id="2932806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932806" title="Riverside University High School">
Riverside University High School

Riverside University High School is a public high school in Milwaukee, Wisconsin with a college preparatory curriculum. It is a part of the Milwaukee Public Schools system.
History.
Pre-1912.
Starting in the early 1850s the newly established city of Milwaukee debated establishing a public high school. As early as 1860 Milwaukee had a high school program in the attic of an elementary school in the Brady St. area. The school was at a Jefferson St. location in its founding year of 1868. After several fires and increasing enrollment, East Division High School, also known as East Side High School, opened in the late 1880s. By 1906 ground was broken for a state-of-the-art building at 1615 E. Locust St. (East Locust Street was known at the time as Folsom Place.) Using then modern technology, the architect increased the window size by using a steel frame designed to bear the weight of the building. This also allowed for less restrictive and cheaper construction. This new design attracted local residents as well as residents in surrounding areas. The design was that of a four-story U-shaped building with a three-story square building inside. The buildings were connected via five skywalks on the second, "main", floor for access to the auditorium and two stairwells to access either basement level gym, nicknamed "the dungeon." The dungeon is now home to the liberal arts and theater department. This room is used for rehearsal purposes as well as final dress rehearsals. Many of the buildings around the school were inspired by the English Renaissance, Jacobethan, Collegiate Gothic facade of the school.
1912–1945.
The new building, dubbed Riverside High School, opened for classes in the fall of 1915. The school was also known as East Division High School until the mid-1980s. East Division was a typical early 20th century high school with a mostly Caucasian student population. The population was segregated at the time because many local residents on the east side of Milwaukee only attended. It was considered the neighborhood school.
Until 1941 Riverside did not have a school cafeteria and lacked a full library. Riverside then received a renovation and a three-story addition that added a third gym and a full cafeteria to the rear of the building, turning the U shape of the school into a square on all but the fourth floor. The third gym was originally intended to be a new pool, but cost and a looming war made a new pool impractical.
1945-1960s.
Riverside celebrated its centennial in 1968, "one hundred years ... since it opened its doors on Jefferson St."
Academic departments at the time of the centennial were English, Mathematics, Physical Science (general science, biology, chemistry, physics), Social Science (geography, sociology, economics, history), Foreign Language (French, Latin, Spanish, German), Business Education (typing, shorthand, business law, salesmanship, data processing), Industrial Arts (mechanical drawing, metalwork, machinery), Home Economics, Music, Art, and Physical Education.
Extracurricular activities then included the Student Council (which began as the Student Board in 1925); the "Mercury" yearbook (the name also used at East in 1892 for the first student newspaper in Milwaukee, which later became a magazine); the "Riverside Rocket" (which started publication in 1955); the Senior Band, the orchestra, five singing groups, as well as the largest drill team in the state, the Rockettes (which organized in 1954); other fine arts clubs and activities - Cue Club (drama, started 1916), Cumudeama (CUlture MUsic DEbate drAMA, 1963), Camera Club (1966), a separate Debate Club (1967), as well as the Junior-Senior play (which was performed as early as 1911); a club dedicated to the relevant culture of each of the four foreign languages offered; the American Field Service (which started locally in 1958); one or two science clubs; the Social Science Club (established 1963); Camaraderie, a girls social club (begun 1908); Home Economics Club (started as Household Arts in 1919; renamed in 1945); the vocational clubs Future Business Leaders, and Future Teachers, of America (FTA originating in 1958); athletic clubs, activities and teams - Pep Club (in its sixth year in 1968), Cheerleaders, Girls Athletic Association. Boys' sports were football, cross country, basketball, swimming, gymnastics, wrestling, tennis, golf, baseball, track.
1970s.
By the 1970s Riverside High school, like many older urban schools, was in a state of rapid decay. The windows leaked water and snow, and the building's heating system was unable to keep the staff and students warm. Nearly all aspects of the building were in disrepair. It was decided that a second addition and a renovation were in order. After a careful review, the building was retrofitted with new Plexiglass windows. Unfortunately the new windows yellowed over time and blocked much of the sunlight, as well as covered most of the window frame.
In 1978 a new building was added next to Riverside that included a six-lane 25-yard pool, a gym larger than both the original gyms combined, two auto shops, a foundry room, two metal shops, a drivers education room, a fitness center, and more general classroom space. This extra space allowed the third floor cafeteria to be converted into a large library with three special media centers, while the basement level gym was turned into a cafeteria. The new addition created several dead spaces rarely seen, including the old gym seating behind a wall on the first floor near the rear hallway, and the staircases. The staircases run from the first floor to the fourth floor and are located between the old building and the new building elevator. The new building made Riverside compatible with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 by adding street level and basement level ramps, as well as adding a second elevator; the original elevator is now used primarily as a service elevator. It was one of the first schools in Milwaukee to do so. The addition also added three open "commons" areas, the Cafeteria Commons, the Pool Commons and the Leonard Commons (named after Larry Leonard, a former assistant principal, coach, and special ed teacher who passed in 2003), often used for gatherings.
1980s to 2000s.
Along with several other schools in Milwaukee, the 1980s saw major curriculum changes for Riverside. Advanced Placement classes were added and the school was rededicated as Riverside University High School. The nicknames "East Division" and "East Side" were dropped from the daily lexicon. With its new partnership with the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee, Riverside had transformed itself from a decaying urban school into one of the best AP based high schools in the nation. Along with Rufus King International School – High School Campus, Milwaukee High School of the Arts, and Milwaukee School of Languages, Riverside is considered one of the best high schools in the city. In recent years Riverside has made Newsweek's list of best high schools in America. (2008-2010)
In 1997 the single sheet "Tiger Times" was revamped as a full sized school paper, "Word on the River." During the 2000s the curriculum was altered to add more focus on technology. Several room were converted to computer labs and the Anzivino Computer Lab was added. 
In 2008, the school began renovating the Leonard commons by adding square-wooden seats, carpeting, and two flat screen televisions often displaying photos of the school, different events, art work, and information.
Riverside unofficially uses the slogan ""It's a great day to be a tiger,"" coined by Riverside Physical Ed teacher, Mary Fowlkes in the late 90s.
Riverside also excels in sports with excellent varsity teams and the current state record holder in the 4x400 meter dash.

</doc>
<doc id="2932807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932807" title="1980 European Rugby League Championship">
1980 European Rugby League Championship


</doc>
<doc id="2932809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932809" title="Suzanne Aubert">
Suzanne Aubert

Suzanne Aubert (19 June 1835 – 1 October 1926), better known to many by her cleric name Sister Mary Joseph or "Mother Aubert", was a Catholic sister who started a home for orphans and the under-privileged in Jerusalem, New Zealand on the Whanganui River in 1885. Aubert first came to New Zealand in 1860 and formed the Congregation of the Holy Family to educate Maori children. She founded a religious order, the Daughters of Our Lady of Compassion in 1892. Aubert later started two hospitals in Wellington; the first, St Joseph's Home for the Incurables in 1900, and Our Lady's Home of Compassion in 1907.
Aubert devoted her life to helping others. Her work took her from France to Auckland then to Hawke’s Bay, to the Whanganui River and finally to Wellington. And along the way, she founded a new Catholic congregation, cared for children and the sick, by skilfully combining Māori medicine and Pākehā science, and wrote books in Māori, English and French adding significantly to a higher cultural understanding and literary heritage.
Aubert was actively engaged with the local Māori population and spoke Māori well. She wrote a book "New and complete manual of Maori conversation : containing phrases and dialogues on a variety of useful and interesting topics : together with a few general rules of grammar : and a comprehensive vocabulary" which was published in Wellington by Lyon and Blair in 1885.
The process for Suzanne Aubert's canonisation as a saint was commenced with the appointment in 2010 of Maurice Carmody as postulator or advocate for that cause.
Biography.
Through Aubert's life, she was undeterred by obstacles of lack of resources, and stood firm believing that everyone deserved equal respect. When Aubert was already in her eighties, she traveled to Rome where she gained permission to continue working for those who most needed her help – children and the sick. Determined and charismatic, Suzanne Aubert had a knack for making things happen, and remained steadfast in her belief in herself, the people she served and her God.
The Early Years.
Marie Henriette Suzanne Aubert, known as Suzanne Aubert was born at St Symphorien-de-Lay a small village not far from Lyon. Aubert's mother Clarice worked for Church welfare organizations and her father, Louis was a huissier. Aubert had three brothers –Alphonse, Louis and Camille – and the family was middle class and respectable. When Aubert was about two years old, she fell through the icy surface of a pond onto some rocks below and became temporarily crippled and blind. Because of this traumatic incident and the premature death of her disabled brother Louis, she developed an enduring empathy for people with disabilities. Aubert recovered the use of her limbs and most of her eyesight but was left with a cast in one eye. Shortly after her mother Clarice was diagnosed with cancer in 1845 she was cured of her cancer by a miracle at the shrine of Fourvière.
Although Aubert's childhood illness slowed her education, she quickly made up lost ground at a boarding school under the care of the Benedictine nuns of La Rochette. Aubert went on to study music, fine arts, needlework, languages and literature, she was an exceptional reader and read classical and devotional books. Aubert later taught herself Spanish in order to read the writings of St. Teresa of Avila in the original text. Aubert also learned cooking and household skills at home.
Missionary Calling.
Following the 19th century French custom among middle-class and upper-class families, Aubert's parents had arranged her marriage to the son of a family friend. When Aubert grew up, however, she refused to comply. Clarice sought the support of the much-respected Jean- Marie- Baptiste Vianney, parish priest of Ars and later St Jean Vianney, who instead told Aubert that she had made the right decision. God had other designs for her, he said. It was this encouragement she needed.
In 1859 Bishop Pompallier, visited his home town, Lyon, to recruit missionaries for his Auckland diocese and Aubert accepted the invitation. Aubert set sail from France to New Zealand on 4 September 1860. On board the ship were 23 missionaries heading to New Zealand including three other Frenchwomen, Bishop Pompallier’s niece Lucie Pompallier, Antoinette Deloncle and Pauline Droguet.
Arrival in Auckland.
Aubert had expected to be affiliated with the Third Order of Mary in Sydney. Instead the ship sailed on to Auckland and the four Frenchwomen joined the English-speaking Sisters of Mercy. The French sisters wanted to help indigenous people and not, as expected, teach French, singing, sewing and embroidery to the daughters of wealthy Aucklanders. As a result they were transferred to the Nazareth Institute for Māori girls. In 1862, Aubert and the Sisters of Mercy formed a new religious congregation in Freeman’s Bay named ‘The Holy Family’, under the jurisdiction of Bishop Pompallier, who was responsible for the teaching of Māori girls. Here, Aubert, now Sister Mary Joseph, became affectionately known by Māori as ‘Meri’. Aubert's mentor in all things Māori was Hoki, known also as Peata, an influential and gifted relative of the powerful Ngapuhi chief, Rewa. Aubert had been baptised by Bishop Pompallier in 1840, shortly before the Treaty of Waitangi was signed, and became a Sister of the holy family.
In 1868, Bishop Pompallier traveled to Europe with his niece, officially to seek support. His diocese was in total financial collapse and low on staff numbers. Pompallier never returned and died in Paris in 1871. Aubert and Peata, who were struggling to maintain their eyesight, continued caring for their family of girls and rallying limited support from lay and non-catholic Aucklanders, and from northern Māori communities. Thomas Croke, the newly appointed Bishop of Auckland, opposed their work. In 1871, Aubert, unwilling to give up and return to France, left Auckland to live and work at the Marist Māori mission station at Meanee in Hawke’s Bay with Father Euloge Reignier. Aubert's Māori pupils went back to their Kainga, or villages, and Peata, now blind, returned home to northland and died not long after.
Hawkes Bay.
Suzanne Aubert, now 35 years old and no longer a member of a religious congregation arrived in Hawkes Bay to play her own part in the revitalisation of the Catholic Māori mission. Aubert settled into the French household, helped on the farm, taught catechism, trained the local choir, played the harmonium, embroidered and prepared the church for religious festivals, and soon became well known for her skillful nursing capabilities. Aubert became well known to Māori and Pākehā, Catholic and non-Catholic communities as she moved around the district ministering to her people.
Aubert pinned her hopes for a revival of the Māori mission on Bishop Redwood who succeeded Bishop Viard as Bishop of Wellington in 1874 and became her lifelong supporter. In anticipation of the arrival of more priests Aubert began revising and enlarging the 1847 Māori prayer book, compiling an English-Māori dictionary and producing a French-Māori phrase book (which she followed up in 1885 with a groundbreaking Māori English phrase book). In 1879, Father Christophe Soulas arrived from France, familiarized himself with Māori families in the district and constructed a new church at Pakipaki.
Three years later, Māori from the Whanganui River area on a trading trip asked Archbishop Redwood for a priest for their area. In 1883, Father Soulas and Suzanne Aubert left Hawkes Bay to go to Hiruharama, or Jerusalem, 60 kilometres up the Whanganui River.
Hiruharama-Jerusalem.
In 1883, Aubert assisted Father Soulas as an interpreter and Māori cultural adviser along with two young Australian Sisters of St Joseph: Sisters Aloysious and Teresa from Whanganui. The two sisters from Whanganui were to teach in the school; their superior Mother Hyacinth arrived in Hiruharama to revive the Catholic Mission.
Aubert taught the Sisters the Māori language and customs; many children and adults came to the school, and became devout converts. In May 1884, and despite having impressed the locals with their dedication, the Sisters of St. Joseph decided to leave Jerusalem. Aubert was asked to lead and establish a branch of the Marist Third Order Regular of Mary. She recruited more teachers. Anne O’Rourke, Bridget Brownlie and Carmel Gallagher joined her in 1884 and became Sisters shortly after.
The Sisters at Hiruharama, in addition to the usual customs of religious life, taught and nursed, farmed newly cleared bush, tended an orchard, made and marketed medicines, sold fruit to tourists and raised homeless children, as a result the community grew and thrived.
Wellington.
In 1899, Aubert and two sisters arrived unannounced in Wellington and quickly set to work. The much-needed home they planned for permanently disabled people would require trained nurses; so the Sisters of Compassion completed a St. John Ambulance Association course. Doctors took a personal interest in the training of the Sisters, and people of all creeds were welcomed; none were unwelcome.
The Sisters set up a soup kitchen that is still operating to this today. In 1903, the Sisters established a crèche for the children of working parents. Aubert and the Sisters: pushed wicker collecting prams, begged for food and casted-off clothing for distribution to the needy became a familiar part of the city’s daily life.
In 1907, the impressive Home of Compassion was opened, initially for the care of children and babies. In 1910, a home for babies was opened in Auckland. Unfortunately for Aubert, the unconditional admiration that the people of Wellington had shown her for her work was not shared by some of the hierarchy. Problems surfaced.
The Society of Mary in France, however, was not happy with the direction the Hiruharama community had taken. Archbishop Redwood intervened and with Suzanne Aubert they established the first Religious Congregation in New Zealand.
Rome.
Unable to carry out her plans, Aubert traveled to Rome to enlist the support she required. She hoped to be granted the Decree of Praise which would ultimately give her order independence from the church in New Zealand.
On April 1917--four years and four months after Aubert arrived in Rome--Pope Benedict granted the Decree of Praise to the Daughters of Our Lady of Compassion. It was the only Catholic congregation born and growing to maturity in New Zealand, and the smallest congregation in the world ever to have attained this status.
Wellington.
Back in Wellington Suzanne wanted to ensure continuing security for the Sisters and to provide general hospital treatment and trained nursing free of charge to the poor of New Zealand’s post-war depression. She arranged for extensive alterations to the Home to provide a complete surgical section, including an operating theatre and wards. In 1922 the sisters began training for the surgical work the new hospital would provide. In the afternoon of 1 October 1926, aged 91, Suzanne Aubert died. New Zealand’s newspapers spread the word and crowds gathered to pay their last respects. 
Her funeral was widely reported to be the largest funeral ever accorded a woman in New Zealand.
Legacy.
The process for the beatification of Suzanne Aubert is currently before the authorities in Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="2932812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932812" title="Prince Ra-Man">
Prince Ra-Man

Prince Ra-Man is a fictional comic book magician published by DC Comics. Mark Merlin first appeared in "House of Secrets" #23 (August 1959), and was created by Mort Meskin. Prince Ra-Man first appeared in "House of Secrets" #73 (July 1965), and was created by Jack Miller and Bernard Baily.
Fictional character biography.
Also known as the Mind Master, he was actually a Doctor Strange-style 'replacement' for a previous long-running series character in "House of Secrets" named Mark Merlin. A blue suit and black bow tie-clad supernatural detective who lived in the small suburban hamlet of "Cloister" in a mansion on "Mystery Hill" that he had inherited from a stage magician uncle of the same name, Mark Merlin used its vast collection of occult literature and artifacts to battle those who would use the occult for evil ends with the assistance of his beautiful blond secretary/fiancee Elsa Magusson and his black cat Memakata who he found in the tomb of a pharaoh of the same name and whose body he could transfer his mind into with the help of an ancient cat-headed amulet. 
When Mark Merlin is banished to the other-dimensional lost world of Ra by the lizard-masked villain, the Gargoyle using the mystic oil lamp of Imhotep, he gains mind over matter powers from an emerald-like six-sided jewel that represents the strange hexagon-shaped green sun that hangs above the ancient Egyptian-style realm and which grants all who dwell there immortality. However, he cannot return to Earth in his own body, so the kindly Kranak, a scientist-sorcerer who had led his persecuted peace-loving followers to the alien refuge of Ra over 4000 years ago, uses a potion to reincarnate Merlin's spirit and memories in the body and brain of a long-dead young wizard named Prince Ra-Man, a hero whom ancient legends proclaimed as the son of the sun god for whom their pyramided planetoid was named. The reborn Ra-Man is able to go to Earth in his place and defeat the Gargoyle with his mighty "mental beam" which gives him control over virtually all non-living matter, allowing him to telekinetically levitate objects and to transform stone, metal and even the air itself into other shapes and forms under his command.
Although he longed to return to the peaceful paradise of Ra and Kranak's lovely dark-haired daughter Rimah, the bearded and brooding Ra-Man moved into the mansion, telling Elsa that Mark was dead, and vowed to continue his predecessor's work against the forces of evil. Riding around on his flying carpet-like six-sided green 'sun-disc' armed with his magic gem and an encyclopedic knowledge of black magic, he fought such arcane antagonists as the Heap (no relation to any of the other comic book creatures of the same name) and Lord Leopard and twice battled the evil Eclipso, another "House of Secrets" regular. The "Prince Ra-Man" feature ended in "House of Secrets" #80 (September-October 1966).
The "Whatever Happened To Mark Merlin and Prince Ra-Man" backup story in "DC Comics Presents" #32 (April 1981) finally has Ra-Man reveal his full origin and true connection with Mark Merlin to Elsa whom he had kept it a secret from in the original series, with the Mind Master having been accidentally trapped in Memakata's body after a battle with Merlin's old archenemy Doctor-7 in the years since then. Prince Ra-Man would later be killed in the last issue of "Crisis on Infinite Earths". The only panel in which he appeared was his death scene, which was witnessed by the original Shade, the Changing Man.
Current Status.
Ra-Man made a cameo appearance in Grant Morrison's run on "Animal Man". He reappeared along with all the other characters who were killed in the Crisis, but the only parts of him that appeared where those that had not been destroyed by the antimatter wave. He appeared stuck on the wall in Arkham Asylum, begging for help.
An aged, retired Mark Merlin appeared briefly in Ed Brubaker's run on the "Detective Comics" series. Whether this indicates that Mark survived the death of the Ra-Man body or that his death has been retconned is unknown. Batman speaks highly of Merlin's former detective skills and seeks his aid in a case involving the actor-turned-supervillain, the Charlatan.
In Grant Morrison's "Seven Soldiers of Victory", Zatanna met a floating fakir-like pale green-skinned, balding and big-headed being known as King Ra-Man in the process of investigating the coming Sheeda menace. It is unclear if he is the same person as Prince Ra-Man or another more alien entity from his home dimension which is now referred to as the Interreality of Ra. He vowed that he would assume his 'Wrathful Battle Aspect' and fight the Sheeda. The 'six-sided sun jewel' of the original Ra-Man has now been replaced by the actual cube-shaped sun which, he points out, only looks hexagonal from a distance, which shines over Ra-Man's extra-dimensional realm as the direct source of his powers. 
Mark Merlin's widow Elsa and Memakata reappear in "Aquaman: Sword of Atlantis" in the sea fortress Windward Home along with Dane Dorrance of the Sea Devils and Jim Lockhart, the Red Torpedo. In the "Reign In Hell" limited series, Prince Ra-Man is one of the leaders of the rebellion in Purgatory, Blaze and Satanus's "Secretary of State" in the armies of Hell. Mark Merlin, no longer dead, appears in "Superman" #690 and #692, asking the help of Zachary Zatara to find Prince Ra-Man. Mark Merlin appears in a flashback in "Xombi" vol. 2 #2, in which he teamed up with Sargon the Sorcerer, Julian Parker, and Rabbi Sinnowitz to imprison a powerful magical creature.

</doc>
<doc id="2932820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932820" title="Clan (car)">
Clan (car)

The Clan Crusader was a fibreglass monocoque British sports car based on running gear from the Hillman Imp Sport, including its Coventry Climax derived, rear-mounted 875 cc engine. It was first made in Washington, Co Durham, England, between 1971 and 1974, but since then several efforts have been made to bring the car back to production. Plans were made by Martin Phaff (of previous Ginetta fame) to re-resurrect the Clan in 2009, but nothing seems to have come of the project so far.
Clan Crusader.
The car was designed by a group of ex-Lotus engineers led by Paul Haussauer with styling by John Frayling. The company was set up in 1969, and production started in small scale from July 1971. From September, official production began at a new factory in Washington set up with the aid of a government grant. Engineer Brian Luff, one of the brains behind the all-conquering Lotus 72, created "a remarkably strong, yet ultra-lightweight, monocoque." Aside from the engine, front and rear suspensions were also lifted from the donor Imp. Handling was described as both agile and tenacious, and more power would not have proved a problem. Design was distinct rather than pretty, with debatable protruding headlights and slablike sides. The black plastic engine lid opened sideways, to the left.
The car was available in either kit or fully built versions. With the at 6,100 rpm Imp Sport engine and four-speed manual transmission, top speed was Although the little car received good reviews and achieved some competition success, it was expensive at £1400 (£1123 in kit form) when compared with rivals. With little financial backing, constant industrial action, the fuel crisis, and the imposition of VAT on kit cars in 1973 meant that Clan soon met its end in spite of passing MIRA crash testing in 1972. Particularly troublesome was when Chrysler went on strike and deliveries of running gear seized. The company shut down in November 1973. Total production in this first phase was 315, although a number were later finished from incomplete cars sold by the receivers.
After closure the body moulds were bought by Andreas Kaisis, a businessman from Cyprus and owner of the Kaisis Motor Company. Just as production was about to begin, Turkey invaded Cyprus and plans were shelved. These moulds remained under cover until brought back to Britain a few years later. Meanwhile, about a dozen or so replica body shells made by copying an existing car were sold by Brian Luff. In 1982, Clan-fan Peter McCandless bought these moulds and intended to revive the car. At the same time, original founder Haussauer had the same idea and a period of recriminations occurred.
'Irish' Clan.
The car was available in two specifications, Clan E and Clan S. The E has while the more powerful S has , enough for a top speed of about . According to Clan themselves, it would only take 30 hours to assemble a kit. After Clan cars closed the body moulds were purchased by members of the Clan Owner's Club to use to make replacement panels.
Clan Clover.
In 1985 Clan Cars developed a new, mid-engined version called the Clan Clover. It used a 1,490 cc, Alfa Romeo Flat-4 engine and gearbox. It also received new glass, a rear spoiler, and blistered arches. It is believed that approximately 26 cars were made (twenty road cars and six racing versions). After well-publicized quality issues, Clan Cars ran into financial difficulties and went into receivership and ceased trading in June 1987.
McCoy.
The Mini's tall A-series engine also necessitated a modified, bulkier front. Much of the original Clan's sleekness was lost, but the McCoy still looked less awkward than many other Mini-based specials. The McCoy means that Clans (and derivatives) have been marketed with the engine mounted in the rear, front, as well as midships.
Clan Club.
As of 2008 the Clan Club is active, and through its long-standing members Dave Excell and Dave Weedon one can purchase any body panel or even a complete new bodyshell.

</doc>
<doc id="2932824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932824" title="Phillip Leuluai">
Phillip Leuluai

Phillip Leuluai (born 16 July 1977 in Greenlake, Auckland, New Zealand) is a New Zealand rugby league player of Samoan heritage and descent who currently plays for the Salford City Reds in the Super League competition. His position of choice is at Second Row though he can also play Prop Forward.
He will join French club Lezignan Sangliers for the 2010/11 season.
Playing career.
An Otahuhu Leopards junior, Leuluai previously played for the Eastern Tornadoes, Newtown Jets and Cronulla Sharks. 
He joined Salford City Reds on 27 August 2007 after their Aussie head coach Shaun McRae signed him on a two and a half year contract for an undisclosed figure.
Representative career.
Leuluai represented Auckland in the 1997 Super League Challenge Cup and Auckland South in the 1999 National Provincial Competition.
He toured Australia with the New Zealand Residents in 2000.
In 2002 Leuluai toured France and the United States with New Zealand 'A'.
Leuluai was named in the Samoa training squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup but did not make the final squad.
In 2009 he was named as part of the Samoan side for the Pacific Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="2932827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932827" title="Gridlock'd">
Gridlock'd

"Gridlock'd" is a 1997 crime thriller comedy-drama starring Tupac Shakur, Tim Roth, and Thandie Newton. It was the directorial debut of Vondie Curtis-Hall, who also wrote the story and screenplay, and had a small part in the film. The film's opening was relatively low, despite critical acclaim; its opening weekend netted only $2,678,372 and it finished with a little over $5.5 million. The film paid tribute to star Tupac Shakur, who had been murdered four months prior to the film's release.
Plot.
Set in Detroit, "Gridlock'd" centers around heroin addicts Spoon (Tupac Shakur), Stretch (Tim Roth) and Cookie (Thandie Newton). They are all in a band together in the spoken word genre. They go by the name of Eight Mile Road, with Cookie on the vocals, Spoon on the bass guitar (plus secondary vocals), and Stretch on the piano. Spoon and Stretch decide to kick their habit after Cookie overdoses on her first hit. Throughout a disastrous day, the two addicts dodge police and local criminals while struggling with an apathetic government bureaucracy that thwarts their entrance into a rehabilitation program.
Reception.
"The New York Times" editor Janet Maslin praised Shakur's performance: "He played this part with an appealing mix of presence, confidence and humor". Desson Howe, for the "Washington Post", wrote, "Shakur and Roth, who seem born for these roles, are allowed to take charge – and have fun doing it". "USA Today" gave the film three out of four stars and felt that Hall had not "latched onto a particularly original notion of city blight. But he knows how to mine the humor in such desperation". 
"Entertainment Weekly" gave the film "B" rating and Owen Gleiberman wrote, ""Gridlock'd" doesn't have the imaginative vision of a movie like "Trainspotting", yet it's more literally true to the haphazard torpor of the junkie life than anything we've seen on screen since "Drugstore Cowboy"... Curtis Hall has caught the bottom-feeder enervation of heroin addiction".
Box office.
"Gridlock'd" debuted at #9 at the US box office with $2,678,372.

</doc>
<doc id="2932834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932834" title="Beartown State Park">
Beartown State Park

Beartown State Park is a state park located on the eastern summit of Droop Mountain, southwest of Hillsboro, West Virginia, in northern Greenbrier County, West Virginia (with a small portion of the park also located in Pocahontas County). The land was purchased in 1970 with funds from the Nature Conservancy and a donation from Mrs. Edwin G. Polan, in memory of her son, Ronald Keith Neal, a local soldier who was killed in the Vietnam War. 
Development of the park has been minimal in order to preserve the natural attractions of the area. Recreation in the park consists of hiking along improved trails and boardwalks. Markers explain the natural processes at work in the area. 
The name "Beartown State Park" was chosen because local residents claimed that many cave-like openings in the rocks made ideal winter dens for the native black bears, the state animal of West Virginia. Also because the many deep, narrow crevasses were formed in a regular criss-cross pattern which appear from above like the streets of a small town.
Beartown is noted for its unusual rock formations, which consist of Droop, or Pottsville, Sandstone formed during the Pennsylvanian age. Massive boulders, overhanging cliffs and deep crevasses make up the beauty of the park. On the face of the cliffs are hundreds of eroded pits. These pits range from the size of a marble to others large enough to hold two grown men. It is not unusual to see ice and snow remaining in the deeper crevasses until mid summer. 
The park is accessible via U.S. Highway 219, southwest of Hillsboro, West Virginia and is close to Droop Mountain Battlefield State Park and Watoga State Park.
The park is open daily from April to October. Access during the off-season is available by appointment. No fee is charged for admission to the park.
Accessibility.
Accessibility for the disabled was assessed by West Virginia University. The 2005 assessment found issues with the slipperiness of the boardwalk ramps and signage in the parking lot.

</doc>
<doc id="2932836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932836" title="Above the Rim">
Above the Rim

Above the Rim is a 1994 American drama directed by Jeff Pollack. The screenplay was written by Pollack and screenwriter Barry Michael Cooper, from a story by Pollack and Benny Medina.
Starring Duane Martin, Tupac Shakur, Leon Robinson and Marlon Wayans, the film tells the story of a promising New York City high school basketball star and his relationships with two people; one a drug dealer and the other a basketball star now employed as a security guard at his former high school. The movie was shot in Harlem with various scenes in the movie filmed at Manhattan Center high school in East Harlem. Some of the basketball scenes were filmed at Samuel J. Tilden High School in Brooklyn, NY.
Plot.
A young athlete aspiring to become a professional basketball player must make some tough decisions in this sports melodrama.
Kyle Watson (Duane Martin) is a talented basketball player who is about to graduate from high school. While he waits to find out if he will receive a scholarship to Georgetown University he finds himself in a difficult dilemma over a playground basketball tournament. He must decide whether to play for and follow his love by all basketball coach or Birdie (Tupac Shakur), a local thug in the neighborhood. Kyle is also feeling resentment towards a security guard named Thomas "Shep" Shepherd (Leon Robinson), because his mother is falling in love with him.
Coincidentally, Kyle's coach also wants Shep to coach his team when he feels it is time for him to retire, since Shep was previously a star basketball player himself. It is later revealed to Kyle that Shep is Birdie's older brother. Due to the death of a friend, Nutso, Shep cannot bear the thought of playing again.
Reception.
Box office.
The film was released on March 23, 1994, grossing $3,738,800 on opening weeked. At the end of its theatrical run, it had grossed a total of $16,192,320.
Awards.
1995 MTV Movie Awards
Critical.
It holds a 53% rating on Rotten Tomatoes, based on 19 reviews. Peter Travers stated "It's Shakur who steals the show. The rapper's offscreen legal problems are well known, but there's no denying his power as an actor."
"Variety" said "A fine cast and the movie's general energy can't overcome that mix of cliches and technical flaws, which should conspire to prevent any high flying at the box office."

</doc>
<doc id="2932837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932837" title="John Quick">
John Quick

John Quick is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="2932844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932844" title="Death of the Virgin (Caravaggio)">
Death of the Virgin (Caravaggio)

The Death of the Virgin (1606) is a painting completed by the Italian Baroque master Caravaggio. It is a near contemporary with Caravaggio's "Madonna with Saint Anne" now at the Galleria Borghese. 
History.
When he painted "The Death of the Virgin" (c. 1601-6), Caravaggio had been working in Rome for fifteen years. The painting was commissioned by Laerzio Alberti, a papal lawyer, for his chapel in the Carmelite church of Santa Maria della Scala in Trastevere, Rome, the painting could not have been finished before 1605-1606. The depiction of the Death of the Virgin caused a contemporary stir, and was rejected as unfit by the parish. Contemporaries accused Caravaggio of modelling a mistress/prostitute as the Virgin.
Upon the recommendation by Peter Paul Rubens, who praised it as one of Caravaggio's best works, the painting was bought by Vincenzo Gonzaga, Duke of Mantua. Giovanni Magni, the duke's ambassador, briefly exhibited the painting in his house on the Via del Corso, between 1 and 7 April 1607. Copying was absolutely forbidden.
The duke's collection was later to be sold to Charles I of England. After his execution the English Commonwealth put his collection up for sale, and the painting was bought for the French Royal Collection, which after the French Revolution became the property of the state. Today it hangs in the Louvre. Prior to leaving Rome, it was shown at the Academy of Painters for under two weeks. However, by then, Caravaggio had fled Rome, never to publicly return. During one of his frequent brawls in Rome, the mercurial and impulsive Caravaggio killed a man, Ranuccio Tomassoni, during a sword fight after a tennis game.
Description.
The painting recalls Caravaggio's "Entombment" in the Vatican in scope, sobriety, and the photographic naturalism. The figures are nearly life-sized. Mary lies reclined, clad in a simple red dress. The lolling head, the hanging arm, the swollen, spread feet depict a raw and realistic view of the Virgin's mortal remains. Caravaggio completely abandons the iconography traditionally used to indicate the holiness of the Virgin. In this cast-off body, nothing of the respectful representation found in devotional paintings remains.
Composition.
The composition is arranged around the Virgin, the painting's central theme. Surrounding the Virgin are overcome Mary Magdalen and apostles. Others shuffle in behind them.The compact mass of the assemblage and the posturing of the figures guide the viewer's eye toward the abandoned body. He expresses the greater grief of the former not by a more emotive face, but by hiding their faces. Caravaggio, master of stark and dark canvases, is not interested in a mannerist exercise that captures a range of emotions. In some ways this is a silent grief, this is no wake for wailers. The sobbing occurs in faceless emotional silence. The holiness of the Virgin is discerned by her thread-like halo. Suppressing all anecdotal detail, Caravaggio invests this subdued scene with extraordinary monumentality through the sole presence of these figures and the intensity of their emotions. The theatrical drape of blood-red cloth looms in the upper portion of the canvas; a common motif in deposition painting, here used to heighten the scene's dramatic effect.
Use of light and shadow.
The painter makes use of the nuances of light and shadow to model the volumes of the objects, figures, and clothing. But above all he accentuates, through this process, the physical presence of the Virgin, struck by a dazzling light. The artist creates the illusion of depth through a series of lighter areas: from the back of Mary Magdalene's neck in the foreground, the eye penetrates further into the painting, passing from Mary's face to the hands and heads of the apostles.
Treatment of the subject.
This painting was completed at a time when the dogma of the Assumption of Mary was not yet formally enunciated ex cathedra by the pope, but had been gaining ground for some centuries. Pope Pius XII, in his Apostolic constitution, Munificentissimus Deus (1950), which dogmatically defined the Assumption, left open the question of whether or not Mary actually underwent death in connection with her departure, but alludes to the fact of her death at least five times. The New Testament does not mention the matter at all. How she passed from this world is and was therefore not a matter of Catholic dogma, although by the 17th century, the conventional belief among Catholics was that she was assumed alive, as shown in the great majority of contemporary paintings of the subject. By then most believed that she felt no pain or disease, and that she was "assumed" in healthy if aged body and soul prior to "death". However, during a General Audience on 25 June 1997, Pope John Paul II affirmed that Mary did indeed experience natural death prior to her assumption into Heaven. 
Caravaggio's painting is the last major Catholic work of art in which Mary is clearly dead. Caravaggio does not depict an "assumption" but her death. The figure, like that in nearly all Renaissance and Baroque Assumptions, looks much younger than a woman some 50 or more years old; medieval depictions of the death were often more realistic in this respect. 
Influence.
This painting illustrates the iconographic and formal revolution that Caravaggio instigated in the late 16th and early 17th centuries. Distancing himself from the precious, affected mannerist vogue, the artist inaugurated a frank, robust, energetic style. He took on the task of translating people's reality and emotions without worrying about the conventions of representations of the sacred. His impact on the evolution of pictorial conceptions in the 17th century was considerable.
See also.
Other Madonnas by Caravaggio:
Other images of the Death of the Virgin:

</doc>
<doc id="2932848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932848" title="Frog cake">
Frog cake

The frog cake is a dessert in the shape of a frog's head, composed of sponge cake and cream covered with fondant. It was created by the Balfours bakery in 1922, and soon became a popular treat in South Australia. Originally frog cakes were available exclusively in green, but later brown and pink were added to the range. Since then other variations have been developed, including seasonal varieties (such as snowmen and Easter "chicks"). The frog cake has been called "uniquely South Australian", and has been employed in promoting the state. In recognition of its cultural significance, in 2001 the frog cake was listed as a South Australian Heritage Icon by the National Trust of South Australia.
Composition.
The frog cake is a small dessert shaped to resemble a frog with its mouth open, consisting of a sponge base with a jam centre, topped in artificial cream and covered with a thick layer of fondant icing. The recipe today remains identical to the one employed when the cake was first produced in the 1920s. When manufactured, large layers of sponge cake are combined and cut mechanically into shape, covered in the fondant, and the mouth is then formed with a hot knife. Fondant eyes of a contrasting colour are manually added to the head, and the completed dessert is presented in a paper patty-pan. The fondant is normally brown, green or pink, but for special occasions colours can include variations such as red and yellow.
History.
Having traveled to France in the early 1920s, Gordon Balfour, the nephew of John Balfour, (who was one of the co-founders of Balfours Bakery), found inspiration for the frog cake in European confectionery. The frog cake was introduced by Balfours in 1922 after Gordon's return to Adelaide, during a time in which tearooms were still popular in the city. It soon became known as the Balfours mascot, and has traditionally only been sold in South Australia., although they are now sold in Victoria, New South Wales and Queensland as well.
The original frog cakes were green in colour, and green remains the most popular of the options, but chocolate and pink coloured versions were later added to the range. In addition, while the frog motif dominates, special occasions have resulted in slightly different designs – such as Father Christmas and Snowman cakes released during Christmas seasons and "Chick" cakes around Easter. Frog cakes have also been released in the colours of the Adelaide Football Club.
Frog cakes have long been regarded as a South Australian icon, and have at times been used to help promote the state. For example, in 2001 frog cakes were given to judges during Joan Hall's final pitch in a successful bid to win the 2007 World Police and Fire Games for Adelaide. While there have been tongue-in-cheek and satirical suggestions to build monuments to the frog cake, such as that made by Peter Goers, a more realistic recognition of the frog cake came in 2001 when it was one of the first items to be selected as a South Australian Icon by the National Trust of South Australia during the 165th anniversary of the state, adding the frog cake to the National Heritage Listing as a "movable asset".
Historically, the frog cake has sold well for Balfours, and at times sales have peaked in response to events surrounding the company. When the company was placed into receivership in 2000, a column in "The Advertiser" by Rex Jory called for people to support the company by purchasing the cakes, and in response sales doubled to an "all-time high". Similarly, the 2001 inclusion of the frog cake as a South Australian icon saw a comparable increase in sales. The success of the frog cake has led to imitations, and in response Balfours registered both the name and the shape of the product as a trademark in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="2932850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932850" title="Xue Yong">
Xue Yong

Xue Yong is a fictional character in the "Water Margin", one of the Four Great Classical Novels of Chinese literature. He ranks 84th of the 108 Liangshan heroes and 48th of the 72 Earthly Fiends. He is nicknamed "Sick Tiger".
Background.
Xue Yong is from Luoyang, Henan. He excels in martial arts, in particular, staff and spear movements. He earns a living as a medicine peddler by performing martial arts and physical feats on the streets to promote the drugs he sells. He is nicknamed "Sick Tiger".
Meeting Song Jiang.
Xue Yong travels to Jieyang to sell medicine and he offends the Mu brothers (Mu Hong and Mu Chun), the most influential men in town, by failing to acknowledge their presence. The Mu brothers order the townsfolk watching Xue Yong's performance not to pay him or buy his drugs. At the same time, Song Jiang passes by Jieyang on his way to exile in Jiangzhou (present-day Jiangxi). He was watching the performance and he pays Xue Yong five silver taels, completely ignoring the Mu brothers' words. Mu Chun is furious and he wants to hit Song Jiang but Xue Yong intervenes and defeats Mu in a fight.
Xue Yong befriends Song Jiang and intends to join him on the trip to Jiangzhou. He returns to the inn and packs his belongings. Unexpectedly, Mu Chun arrives with his brother and a group of henchmen. They capture Xue Yong and beat him up severely before locking him up. They go on to pursue Song Jiang.
Song Jiang boards the pirate Zhang Heng's boat by mistake and he is almost robbed and killed by Zhang. Luckily, Li Jun arrives in the nick of time and he saves Song Jiang. Li Jun introduces Song Jiang to Zhang Heng and the Mu brothers. They are shocked to recognise him as the famous philanthropist and apologise to him. They become friends after that and Xue Yong is released as well.
Joining Liangshan.
Song Jiang runs into trouble later in Jiangzhou after writing a poem advocating rebellion against the government when he was drunk. He is framed for treason and sentenced to death. The outlaws from Liangshan Marsh storm the execution ground and rescue him and fight their way out of Jiangzhou. They are besieged by pursuing soldiers at White Dragon Temple on the riverbank. Just then, Li Jun, Xue Yong and others arrive on boats and they ferry the outlaws back to Liangshan Marsh safely. Xue Yong joins the Liangshan band. Song Jiang seeks vengeance on Huang Wenbing, the man who framed him for treason earlier. Xue Yong's student, Hou Jian, works as a tailor in Huang Wenbing's house so Xue enlists Hou's help. Hou Jian works together with the outlaws and they kill Huang Wenbing and his family in revenge.
Campaigns and death.
Xue Yong becomes one of the leaders of the Liangshan infantry after the Grand Assembly. He follows the heroes on their campaigns against the Liao invaders and rebel forces after they have been granted amnesty by the emperor. During the Fang La campaign, Xue Yong is assigned to attack the enemy territory of Yuling Pass. He is killed by dozens of enemy arrows in the battle along with another four heroes.

</doc>
<doc id="2932853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932853" title="Bulldog edition">
Bulldog edition

A bulldog edition is an early edition in the press cycle of a newspaper or other print publication.
For instance, the "Sunday New York Times" publishes its bulldog edition, about 100,000 copies, for distribution around the country, at about noon on Saturday. Other large metropolitan newspapers in the United States may offer a local Sunday bulldog edition for delivery to subscribers and available at newsstands and in racks on Friday or Saturday.
Although the origin of the term is unclear, the Encyclopedia of Word and Phrase Origins suggests "the term dates back to New York City’s newspaper wars of the 1890s, when rival papers were competing for morning readers with special editions sold by street vendors very early in the day. These papers were baptized 'bulldogs' presumably because the publishers fought like bulldogs over circulation."
In the movie "Citizen Kane", Kane tells Susan, “The bulldog's just gone to press,” to which Susan sarcastically replies, "Well, hurray for the bulldog!"

</doc>
<doc id="2932854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932854" title="High Earth orbit">
High Earth orbit

A high Earth orbit is a geocentric orbit with an altitude entirely above that of a geosynchronous orbit (). The orbital periods of such orbits are greater than twenty-four hours, therefore satellites in such orbits have an apparent retrograde motion – that is, even if they are in a prograde orbit (90° > inclination >= 0°), their orbital velocity is lower than Earth's rotational speed, causing their ground track to move westward on Earth's surface.

</doc>
<doc id="2932855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932855" title="Hutch Maiava">
Hutch Maiava

Hutch Maiava (born 26 October 1976 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a Samoan rugby league player for the Windsor Wolves. Maiva's position of choice is at .
Playing career.
A Pt Chev Pirates junior, Maiva has played in the NRL for the Bulldogs and the Cronulla Sharks. Hutch Maiva used to play for Hull in the Super League but was released from his contract early due to gross misconduct.[http://news2.thdo.bbc.co.uk/sport1/hi/rugby_league/super_league/hull/7107140.stm] He has been linked with a move to Castleford Tigers. He is a Samoan international. He was named in the Samoa training squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="2932878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932878" title="Peter Quinn">
Peter Quinn

Peter Quinn may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2932884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932884" title="Abraham Lincoln National Cemetery">
Abraham Lincoln National Cemetery

The Abraham Lincoln National Cemetery covers in Elwood, Illinois. It is located approximately southwest of Chicago, Illinois. When fully completed, it will provide 400,000 burial spaces.
The cemetery was dedicated in 1999 by the United States Department of Veterans Affairs National Cemetery Administration. It was the 117th national cemetery dedicated under the administration. The cemetery is on the grounds of the former Joliet Army Ammunition Plant site, which was formerly known as the Joliet Arsenal. 
The cemetery is named after President Abraham Lincoln, the 16th President of the United States and founder of the National Cemetery system and who is buried at Oak Ridge Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="2932886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932886" title="Clifford Manua">
Clifford Manua

Clifford Manua (born 12 September 1980 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a New Zealand rugby league player for the Melbourne Storm in the National Rugby League competition. His position of choice is at Prop Forward though he can also play in the Second Row. He joined the Brisbane Broncos team in 2007, he plays for their feeder club Aspley Broncos.
He was released by the Broncos in late 2007, to join defending premiers Melbourne Storm as a back up for some of their injured forwards.

</doc>
<doc id="2932889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932889" title="Cave Carson">
Cave Carson

Calvin "Cave" Carson is a fictional character that appeared in stories published by DC Comics. Carson, a spelunker, first appeared in "Brave and the Bold" #31 (September 1960); he was created by France Herron and Bruno Premiani.
Publication history.
The Challengers of the Unknown were a quartet of science fiction adventurers created by Jack Kirby. They debuted in 1957, and their commercial success spawned two other science fiction characters: Cave Carson and Rip Hunter. Hunter was the more successful of the two. Unlike similar groups Rip Hunter's Time Masters and the Sea Devils, Carson and team never got their own title.
The group appeared in "Brave and Bold" #31–33, 40, and 41. Next they appeared in "Showcase" #48, 49, and 52. Carson's stories featured Carson and a team of fellow adventurers engaging in various adventures beneath the Earth's surface. He was joined by Bulldozer Smith, Johnny Blake, and Christie Madison.
Cave Carson would later appear as part of the Forgotten Heroes in the 1980s. He and his team helps repel the Apellaxian invasion. They help the Sea Devils and Aquaman by finding an underwater grotto. The others trapped a group of water-polluting "mercury" aliens inside the grotto.
Carson appeared as an ally to the Time Masters in the mini series of the same name in 1990.
By himself, he helps in the fight against Eclipso in the pages of Eclipso's own series. An ally of Amanda Waller, he leads Mona Bennet and Bruce Gordon through underground passages into the fictional country of Parador, which Eclipso had conquered. For his troubles, the villain breaks both his legs and leaves him on the border.
Cave and his team helps the Justice Society of America in retrieving Sand from deep within the Earth's crust. Cave Carson was mentioned in "Infinite Crisis" #5 on the news radio about an earthquake in India and in Japan in 2005. Later, during the Final Crisis event, he was featured briefly in a news report with his cave crew under the New York subway system, finding a way to explore the top of the world. As part of this excursion, they find ancient cave drawings under Manhattan.

</doc>
<doc id="2932892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932892" title="Nichole Nordeman">
Nichole Nordeman

Nichole Ellyse Nordeman (born January 3, 1972) is an American contemporary Christian singer–songwriter.
Biography.
Nordeman was raised in Colorado Springs, Colorado, where she played the piano in church. She got her start when she entered a Gospel Music Association (GMA) contest in Los Angeles, California and was noticed by a music producer. 
She has won multiple GMA Dove Awards, including two awards for Female Vocalist of the Year. Her best-known songs include "Why", "This Mystery", "Holy", "Legacy", "Brave", and "What If". She also sang a song on the soundtrack "Music Inspired by the Chronicles of Narnia", called "I Will Believe." 
During 2006 and 2007, Nordeman wrote an editorial column for CCM Magazine called "Loose Ends . . . Confessions of an Unfinished Faith." She recorded the album "Brave" after giving birth to her son Charlie. Nordeman released the greatest hits album "Recollection: The Best of Nichole Nordeman" on March 6, 2007 featuring two new songs: "Sunrise" and "Finally Free". 
Her song, "Real To Me" was featured on the PlayStation 2 game "Thrillville".
Her song "Crimson" on the album "Brave" is composed of original lyrics written by Nordeman sung over Chopin's Prelude in E min. Op 28.
Her song "Hold On (Love Will Find You)" was recorded by Paul Brandt for his album "Risk", released in 2007.
Nordeman co-wrote the song "Forever Now" with American singer-songwriter David Wilcox. "Forever Now" is on Wilcox's "Airstream" album, released in the US on February 26, 2008.
She also wrote and recorded the song "Beautiful for Me" for the VeggieTales movie entitled: "Sweetpea Beauty", released summer of 2010.
In 2011, Nordeman was approached to create a concept album for Zondervan's "The Story" campaign, in which churches nationwide go through nearly the entire Bible in one school year, realizing the overarching story that affects everyone. Nordeman accepted and wrote 17 songs written from a first person perspective of characters of the Bible and applying them to today. This collection, called (Music Inspired by) The Story, featured 24 popular contemporary Christian music artists and debuted at No. 11 on Billboard's Hot Christian Albums chart in September 2011.
Books.
"Love Story", Worthy Publishing (August, 2012) ISBN 9781617950513
Awards.
In 2003, Nordeman won four Dove Awards including Female Vocalist of the Year, Song of the Year, Songwriter of the Year, and Pop/Contemporary Recorded Song of the Year all for her song for "Holy".
Nordeman has been nominated for two Dove Awards for Female Vocalist of the Year in the years 2006 and 2007.
Personal life.
Nordeman is married to Errol Ingram. The couple have two children. The family lives in Tulsa, Oklahoma.

</doc>
<doc id="2932895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932895" title="Imao">
Imao

Imao may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2932898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932898" title="Taizō Sugimura">
Taizō Sugimura

Sugimura was born in Asahikawa, Hokkaidō. He attended the University of Tsukuba but dropped out in 2004. 
Sugimura became the youngest member of the House of Representatives after the September 11, 2005 general election. He was not expected to win a seat, as he had been placed in 35th position on the LDP's proportional representation ticket for the Minami-Kanto bloc.
He first came to media attention for his excitement at the prospect of the range of perks available for elected politicians, including high class restaurants, first class travel on the Shinkansen, and being able to afford a BMW. 
Sugimura was reprimanded by LDP executives for his comments, and publicly apologised at a news conference on September 27, 2005 saying they had been "immature and irresponsible".
Sugimura is a character in a satirical mahjong manga "Mudazumo Naki Kaikaku".
Sugimura announced his engagement with on March 14, 2006 and their daughter was born on April 4, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="2932903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932903" title="Wang Dingliu">
Wang Dingliu

Wang Dingliu is a fictional character in the "Water Margin", one of the Four Great Classical Novels of Chinese literature. He ranks 104th of the 108 Liangshan heroes and 68th of the 72 Earthly Fiends. He is nicknamed "Living Goddess of Lightning".
Background.
The "Water Margin" describes Wang Dingliu as having a sharp head, sparkling eyes and a pair of skinny legs. He walks at an astonishing speed, as though he were gliding on air. He earns himself the nickname "Living Goddess of Lightning" for his fast walking pace.
Wang Dingliu is from Jiankang Prefecture (present-day Nanjing, Jiangsu) and runs a tavern on the bank of the Yangtze River. He is a good swimmer and he learns some martial arts from various teachers, but he does not really master the skills he was taught.
Joining Liangshan.
Zhang Shun goes to find An Daoquan to cure Song Jiang of a tumour on his back. He boards the pirate Zhang Wang's boat. Zhang Wang robs him, binds him and throws him overboard. Zhang Shun is a powerful swimmer and he manages to bite his bonds and free himself. He swims to the riverbank and enters Wang Dingliu's tavern. Wang Dingliu helps him and gives him a set of dry clothing. Wang Dingliu agrees to help Zhang Shun take his revenge but Zhang leaves hastily without waiting for Wang.
Zhang Shun succeeds in forcing An Daoquan to join the outlaw band and they make their way back to Liangshan Marsh. They arrive at the riverbank and see Wang Dingliu calling Zhang Wang's boat for transport. Zhang Shun recognises Zhang Wang and grabs him, binds him and throws him into the river for revenge. Zhang Shun then invites Wang Dingliu to join the outlaw band and Wang follows them back to Liangshan.
When the Liangshan outlaws attack Dongping Prefecture, they send Wang Dingliu and Yu Baosi as envoys to announce their attack to the prefect. Dong Ping suggests to the prefect to kill the envoys, but the prefect ignores him. Wang Dingliu and Yu Baosi are beaten and driven out of the city. The outlaws succeed in capturing the city eventually.
Campaigns and death.
Wang Dingliu becomes one of the scout leaders of Liangshan after the Grand Assembly and stationed in the tavern north of Liangshan. He is tasked with making preparations to receive the imperial envoy from the emperor, who grants the outlaws amnesty. Subsequently, he follows the heroes on their campaigns against the Liao invaders and rebel forces. He is killed by a poisoned arrow in the battle of Xuanzhou during the Fang La campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="2932913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932913" title="Friedrich Olbricht">
Friedrich Olbricht

Friedrich Olbricht (4 October 1888 – 21 July 1944) was a German general and one of the plotters involved in the attempt to assassinate Adolf Hitler at the "Wolfsschanze" in East Prussia on 20 July 1944.
Early life.
Friedrich Olbricht was born in Leisnig, Saxony on the 4 October 1888; son of Emil Olbricht an educator who had a PhD in Physics and later went on to become a Professor in addition to his doctorate. 
Friedreich did not venture through attending a cadet academy as did other future staff officers such as future Chief Of Staff of the Wehrmacht Alfred Jodl.
After his "Abitur" in 1907, Olbricht joined Infantry Regiment 106 in Leipzig as an ensign, in which capacity he fought in World War I. Afterwards, as a captain, he was taken into the "Reichswehr" by which time had been reduced in size under the terms of the Treaty of Versailles in 1919.
Olbricht was married to Eva Koeppel. The couple had a son and a daughter.
Role in the Resistance.
Olbricht was one of few German military officers who supported the democratic Weimar Republic. His mistrust of the Nazis became apparent early on, particularly after the Beer Hall Putsch in 1923, when he stood together with Hans Oster, Erwin von Witzleben and Georg Thomas, who all distanced themselves from the growing National Socialist movement, worried as they were at the allure that the Nazis seemed to have for a lot of military men.
In 1926, Olbricht was called into the Reich Defence Ministry as leader of the "Foreign Armies Bureau". In 1933, he became chief of staff of the Dresden Division.
In 1934, Olbricht managed to save several men from being shot in the wake of the Night of the Long Knives by having them assigned to military-political duties under army protection. They had already been arrested, and would have been put to death in fairly short order.
In 1935, Olbricht was appointed chief of staff of the Fourth Army Corps stationed in Dresden. In 1938, he took over leadership of the 24th Infantry Division. That same year, he unsuccessfully advocated the rehabilitation of Werner von Fritsch, who had been disgraced as a result of an accusation of homosexuality (see Blomberg-Fritsch Affair).
When World War II broke out in 1939, Olbricht commanded the 24th Infantry Division during the Invasion of Poland. He led the division from the front, in one case creating an improvised "motorized unit" by loading troops on his own staff car so he could rush ahead and secure important bridges before they could be demolished by the enemy. He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross for his personal bravery and his dynamic leadership style. On 15 February 1940, Olbricht was promoted to General of the Infantry. He was appointed Chief of the General Army Office ("Allgemeines Heeresamt") in the Army High Command ("Oberkommando des Heeres"). He was furthermore made Chief of the Armed Forces Replacement Office ("Wehrersatzamt") at the "Oberkommando der Wehrmacht".
Operation Valkyrie.
Starting in the winter of 1941-1942, Olbricht developed the plan for Operation Valkyrie, a General Staff plan which was ostensibly to be used to put down internal unrest, but was in fact a blueprint for a "coup d'état". Together with the resistance circles around Colonel-General Ludwig Beck, Carl Friedrich Goerdeler and Major-General Henning von Tresckow, he worked to find a means of assassinating Adolf Hitler and using the coup plan to bring down the Nazi regime. In 1943, he asked that Colonel Claus Graf Schenk von Stauffenberg come to work at his office; von Stauffenberg would later be the key man in the assassination attempt, with the job of actually planting the bomb near Hitler.
On the day of the attempted "coup d'état", 20 July 1944, Olbricht and Colonel Albrecht Ritter Mertz von Quirnheim initiated Operation Valkyrie by mobilizing the Reserve Army ("Ersatzheer"). It eventually became clear that Stauffenberg's briefcase bomb had failed to kill the "Führer", however, and so the plan to seize key sites in Berlin using units from the reserve army began to falter. Many consider one of the overwhelming factors which prevented this coup from gathering any real pace was the failure of troops on the ground to gain control of the communications coming into and out of Berlin; Adolf Hitler and his commanders in the Wolfschanze were able to broadcast a speech after the coup which in turn led to quick demise of the coup as a whole. As a result, the Nazi leadership was able to regain control using its own loyal troops within a few hours.
Arrest and execution.
At 9:00 pm, Olbricht was arrested at his headquarters in the Bendlerblock by soldiers from the Berlin garrison.
Later that evening, Colonel-General Friedrich Fromm held a hastily arranged court martial, supposedly in an attempt to protect himself from being exposed as a silent conspirator. Olbricht, von Quirnheim, von Stauffenberg, and his aide Werner von Haeften, were then taken outside to the courtyard and executed by firing squad, against Hitler's orders to take the would-be assassins alive.
Portrayal in the media.
Friedrich Olbricht has been portrayed by the following actors in film productions:

</doc>
<doc id="2932919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932919" title="Vince Mellars">
Vince Mellars

Vincent Mellars (born 27 January 1984 in Porirua) is a New Zealand rugby league player who currently plays for the Featherstone Rovers in the Kingstone Press Championship. He has previously played in the National Rugby League, Super League and Air New Zealand Cup. His position is in the Centres. His father, Peter, was a New Zealand international.
Early career.
Mellars played his junior rugby league for Wainuiomata and Petone.
After being signed by the New Zealand Warriors he moved to Auckland, playing for Otahuhu in the 2002 Bartercard Cup. He also represented Wainuiomata and Wellington in the Bartercard Cup.
Warriors.
Mellars made his impressive NRL debut aged 19, in Round 13 2003 with the New Zealand Warriors against Cronulla Sharks.
Mellars played with the Warriors throughout the 2003 and 2004 seasons.
Sharks.
In 2005 Mellars signed with the Cronulla Sharks. He scored a double vs. Knights in 2005 and scored the winning try in Golden Point extra time.
Roosters.
In Round 6 2006, Mellars featured for the Sydney Roosters when he was chosen to play vs. Broncos on the Wing. He was very good under the high ball that night and was probably the Rooster's best player. He scored his first try of 2006 in Round 8 vs. North Queensland Cowboys. His second try of 2006, was vs. Souths in Round 11 and his 3rd was against Storm in Round 13.
In Round 18, Mellars was called up for the game vs. Manly Sea Eagles (to replace Shaun Foley). He was then in the Roosters line-up for the next remaining weeks and Later on that year, he played in the Premier League Grand Final.
Mellars played with the Sydney Roosters throughout the 2006 and 2007 seasons.
Rugby Union.
In 2008 Mellars made the switch to Rugby Union, moving to Christchurch, New Zealand to be with his wife, Charmian Purcell, who plays basketball for the Christchurch Sirens and who has also represented New Zealand at the 2008 Beijing Olympics. He was in the Crusaders wider training squad and played in the Air New Zealand Cup for Canterbury.
Return to League.
In 2009 Mellars played with the Auckland Vulcans in the NSW Cup.
Super League.
Just a few weeks before the start of the 2010 Super League season, Mellars signed for Crusaders RLFC. Only fourteen days later, he made his debut in 2010's Super League XV against Leeds where he put Gareth Raynor over the line for his first try for the Crusaders.
Following the demise of the Crusaders, Mellars joined Wakefield Trinity on a three-year deal, starting in 2012.
In 2014, Vince signed a contract to play with Kingstone Press Championship club Featherstone Rovers.

</doc>
<doc id="2932927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932927" title="Stevan Stojanović Mokranjac">
Stevan Stojanović Mokranjac

Stevan Stojanović Mokranjac (, ; 9 January 1856 – 28 September 1914) was a Serbian composer and music educator. Born in Negotin in 1856, Mokranjac studied music in Belgrade, Munich, Rome and Leipzig while in his twenties. Later, he became the conductor of the Belgrade Choir Society and founder of the Serbian School of Music and the first Serbian string quartet, in which he played the cello. He left Belgrade at the beginning of World War I and moved to Skopje, where he died on 28 September 1914.
Often called the "father of Serbian music" and the "most important figure of Serbian musical romanticism", Mokranjac is well-regarded and much revered in Serbia. Following his death, the Serbian Music School was renamed the Mokranjac Music School in his honour. He has been featured on the country's paper currency and that of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. In 1964, the Mokranjac family home in Negotin was restored and turned into a museum and musical centre. Celebrations of Mokranjac's life, known as "Mokranjac days", have occurred annually in the town since 1965. In 1981, a large statue of Mokranjac was constructed in the yard of the Mokranjac family home to mark the 125th anniversary of his birth.
Life.
Early life and family.
Stevan Stojanović was born on 9 January 1856 in the town of Negotin, Principality of Serbia. Close to the Serbian border with Romania and Bulgaria, Negotin was a small town of just over three thousand inhabitants at the time of his birth. Stojanović earned the nickname "Mokranjac" after the village of Mokranje, where his ancestors were from. Mokranjac's father, a prosperous restaurant owner who in 1850 had built the house in which the Stojanović family lived, died two days before his son's birth. Growing up with his mother and three siblings, Mokranjac received his first violin at the age of ten. He spent most of his youth in Negotin, Zaječar and Belgrade.
In his twenties, he was subjected to conservative musical training and first studied in Belgrade. He went on to study in Munich with Josef Rheinberger from 1880 to 1883, and in Rome with Alessandro Parisotti in 1884–1885. Afterwards, he studied for two years in the city of Leipzig under Salomon Jadassohn and Carl Reinecke.
Musical career.
In 1878, Mokranjac arranged a concert commemorating the twenty-fifth anniversary of the Belgrade Choir Society, titled "The History of Serbian Song" (). He and his family lived in their family home in Negotin until 1883. In 1887 Mokranjac made a permanent move to Belgrade, where he became the conductor of the Belgrade Choir Society, a position he would hold until his death. The choir was successful both in Serbia and abroad and under his leadership it became respected and well-known throughout Central Europe and Russia because of its high performance standard and repertoire, which was made up of many Serbian folk songs, as well as pieces composed by Mokranjac himself. It toured Bulgaria, Croatia, Montenegro, Ottoman Turkey, and Russia. In 1899, the choir toured Berlin, Dresden, and Leipzig. During this time, Mokranjac married Marija, a member of the choir who was twenty years his junior. The couple had one son, Momčilo.
Mokranjac founded the Serbian School of Music in 1899, as well as the first Serbian string quartet, in which he played the cello. Although his most famous works date from the late 19th century, Mokranjac continued composing during the 1900s. In mid-1914, he left Belgrade and moved to Skopje to escape World War I. He died here on 28 September 1914.
Compositions.
Early in his career, Mokranjac recorded Serbian Orthodox church chants in staff notation. A gifted composer, he first published a book of church melodies in 1908, titled "Octoechoes" or "Eight Tones" (). Published in Belgrade, it became the basic textbook for students in Serbian Orthodox seminaries following World War I. Mokranjac's chants were unique because he removed their ornamental and microtonal elements and harmonized them, making them distinct from other Eastern Orthodox church chants. Consequently, chants written by Mokranjac were used more than those written by other composers. Older versions of church chants were suppressed or forgotten.
Later melodies, drawn from oral tradition, were published posthumously. Mokranjac also composed many pieces of sacred music in a polyphonic style similar to that of Italian Renaissance composer Giovanni Pierluigi da Palestrina. Travelling often to Levač and Kosovo to collect and record traditional melodies, Mokranjac played a significant role in promoting music from the rural areas of Serbia. A composer committed to choral music, he achieved this partly by his composition of fifteen choral suites to which he gave the name "Garlands" (), made up of a total of eighty-two songs composed from 1883 to 1913.
Mokranjac composed "The Divine Liturgy of St. John Crysostom" and "Ivko's slava" in 1901. In 1906, he created a mixed chorus version of "The Glorification of Saint Sava", which was originally composed for a male chorus in 1893. In 1913, Mokranjac composed the eighty-second and final piece of "Garlands", titled "Winter Days" (). He also composed numerous songs for children's choir.
Legacy.
Considered the "father of Serbian music" and the "most important figure of Serbian musical romanticism", Mokranjac is well-regarded and much revered in Serbia. His works are considered the corner stones of Serbian music theatre. Serbian Orthodox chants recorded by Mokranjac and other composers form the basis of most modern Serbian monophonic church singing.
The Serbian Music School, which Mokranjac founded, was renamed the Mokranjac Music School after his death. He has been featured on the paper currency of both the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and Serbia. In 1964, the Mokranjac family home in Negotin was restored and turned into a museum and musical centre. Celebrations of Mokranjac's life, known as "Mokranjac days", have occurred annually in the town since 1965. In 1981, a large statue of Mokranjac was constructed in the yard of the Mokranjac family home to mark the 125th anniversary of his birth.

</doc>
<doc id="2932928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932928" title="Cai Qing">
Cai Qing

Cai Qing is a fictional character in the "Water Margin", one of the Four Great Classical Novels of Chinese literature. He ranks 95th of the 108 Liangshan heroes and 59th of the 72 Earthly Fiends. He is nicknamed "Stalk of Flower".
Background.
Cai Qing is from Daming Prefecture (in present-day Handan, Hebei). He has large eyes and thick eyebrows and likes to wear a stalk of flower in his hat, which earns him the nickname "Stalk of Flower". He has an elder brother named Cai Fu, who also works as a prison warden and executioner like him.
Joining Liangshan.
Lu Junyi is arrested and imprisoned after he is betrayed by his adulterous wife and housekeeper Li Gu. Li Gu bribes the Cai brothers to kill Lu Junyi in prison. However, Chai Jin meets the brothers later and he bribes them to take good care of Lu Junyi, with an even larger sum of money. Cai Qing discusses with his brother and they decide to help Lu Junyi. Lu Junyi's life is spared and he is sentenced to exile on Shamen Island instead.
Li Gu bribes the guards escorting Lu Junyi into exile to finish him off along the way, but Lu's loyal servant Yan Qing saves him from death and kills the guards. Lu Junyi is captured again later and sentenced to death, with Cai Fu as the executioner. Cai Fu deliberately lags for a while before the execution as he intends to spare Lu Junyi's life. Just then, Shi Xiu appears and he storms the execution ground alone in an attempt to rescue Lu Junyi. However, Lu Junyi and Shi Xiu are not familiar with the roads in Daming Prefecture and they are captured later. Grand Secretary Liang Shijie is afraid that the outlaws from Liangshan Marsh might attack Daming Prefecture to save their comrade so he decides to keep Lu Junyi and Shi Xiu alive as hostages. The Cais are assigned to watch over the prisoners and they treat them well.
As Liang Shijie expected, the outlaws come to attack Daming Prefecture. Song Jiang sends some spies to infiltrate Daming Prefecture during the Lantern Festival. Chai Jin goes to find the Cai brothers and he succeeds in persuading them to open the prison gates and allow Lu Junyi and Shi Xiu to escape. At the same time, the outlaws stationed outside Daming Prefecture launch an offensive on the city and succeed in breaking through. Lu Junyi and Shi Xiu are rescued and the Cais follow the outlaws back to Liangshan in triumph.
Campaigns and death.
Cai Qing becomes one of the chief executioners of Liangshan with his brother. He follows the heroes on their campaigns against the Liao invaders and rebel forces after they have been granted amnesty by the emperor. He is one of the few survivors after the Fang La campaign but his brother was killed in action. The emperor grants him the official post of "Martial Gentleman of Grace" (武奕郎) in recognition of his contributions. Cai Qing returns to Daming Prefecture with Guan Sheng to take their respective offices.

</doc>
<doc id="2932938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932938" title="James Stosic">
James Stosic

James Stosic (born 22 September 1981 in New Plymouth, New Zealand) is a professional rugby league player who currently plays for the Easts Tigers in the Queensland Cup.
Early years.
A Waitara Bears junior, Stosic attended New Plymouth Boys High School and represented Taranaki in 1998 as a 17 year old alongside his brother Sasho. He attended New Plymouth Boys High. That year Stosic made the New Zealand Secondary School team and the New Zealand 18 years Academy Team. He played for the Academy team at the Under 19s Oceania Tournament and was named the forward of the tournament.
Playing career.
Stosic previously Wakefield Trinity Wildcats in the Super League competition. His usual position is . He is of Macedonian descent.
He signed for Wakefield Trinity Wildcats on 10 November 2008. Since then, he has played in 4 Super League matches for the Wildcats, before injuring his leg during the Wildcats victory over Warrington Wolves in round 4. He was out of action for 12 weeks.
Representative career.
In 1999 he toured Papua New Guinea with the New Zealand Māori side.
He was named in the Serbian training squad for the 2009 European Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="2932948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932948" title="Captain Comet">
Captain Comet

Captain Comet (real name Adam Blake) is a fictional DC Comics superhero created by DC Comics Editor Julius Schwartz, writer John Broome, and artist Carmine Infantino.
Once a minor character in the DC Comics canon, he occupies an almost unique position in DC Comics history as a superhero who was created between the two great superhero comics periods--the Golden Age and the Silver Age. His early stories fall into a no-man's land, sometimes referred to as 'The Atomic Age' because of the recurrent science-fiction themes of most comics of the period, when very few superheroes comics were published and less than a dozen short-lived, superhero characters were introduced.
Along with Marvel Comics' Namor the Sub-Mariner and Toro (sidekick of the original Human Torch), he is among the first mutant metahuman superheroes (meaning he was born with his powers), predating X-Men by 12 years. He is one of the few DC Comics characters not to have had their earlier history significantly changed by various DC Comics major continuity changing events over the years such as 'Crisis on Infinite Earths' and 'Zero Hour'.
Publication history.
The character of Captain Comet first appeared in a 10-page tale, " 'The Origin Of Captain Comet' ", in the flagship science-fiction title 'Strange Adventures' #9 (June 1951) published by National Comics (now known as DC Comics). He was created by 'Strange Adventures' editor Julius Schwartz, John Broome, and artist Carmine Infantino, and the story was written by John Broome (under the alias Edgar Ray Merritt), drawn by Carmine Infantino and inked by Bernard Sachs. The character was based on the pulp fiction character Captain Future. His first appearance was actually a two-part story, continued in " 'The Air Bandits From Space' " in 'Strange Adventures' #10 (July 1951). From issue #12 (September 1951) Murphy Anderson took over as artist, and he drew all Captain Comet's further appearances in 'Strange Adventures' until #46 (July 1954); Sy Barry and Gil Kane drew the last two stories. John Broome wrote every issue.
Captain Comet appeared in 38 issues of 'Strange Adventures', (missing only issues #45, #47, and #48); the series ending in 'Strange Adventures' #49 (October, 1954). From the beginning, Captain Comet appeared on most of the covers, mainly drawn by Murphy Anderson or Gil Kane. Stories ranged in length from six to ten pages, dropping from ten pages in 1951 to eight pages in 1952 and finally six pages from May 1953. He next appeared in 1976, when writer Gerry Conway and co-writer David Anthony Kraft reintroduced him as a supporting character in 'Secret Society of Super Villains' starting with " 'No Man Shall Call Me Master' " ('Secret Society of Super Villains' #2, July/August 1976). He appeared in most issues of that title, together with associated 'Secret Society of Super Villains Special' #1 (October 1977), until it was canceled with issue #15 (June/July 1978). During this run he also appeared in 'Super-Team Family Giant' #13 (September 1977), a story directly linked to the 'Secret Society of Super Villains' series, and as lead character for the first time since 1954 in an extended story, " 'Danger: Dinosaurs at Large!' in "(DC Special #27, April/May 1977) by Gerry Conway and artist Arvell Jones. 'Secret Society of Super Villains' was canceled as part of 'The DC Implosion'. Ironically Captain Comet was a popular character at the time - he had recently come second in a poll for potential Justice League membership, and writer Bob Rozakis had recently presented DC Comics with a proposal for Captain Comet's first own-title series.
After the cancellation of 'Secret Society of Super Villains', Captain Comet entered another hiatus, his appearances limited to guest spots in other DC titles during the 1980s. Four of these were cameo appearances - 'Crisis on Infinite Earths' #5 (August 1985), #10 (January 1986) and #12 (March 1986), and 'All-Star Squadron' #53 (January 1986). Two were team-ups with Superman - 'DC Comics Presents' #22 (June 1980) and #91 (March 1986); the fourth was a retelling of his origin by Roy Thomas in 'Secret Origins Annual' vol 2 #1 (1987). He also appeared in the non-canonical series 'DC Challenge' (1986).
He then became a supporting character in the 'L.E.G.I.O.N.' series from issue #16 (June 1990). Captain Comet was actually a late replacement for fellow 1950s space traveler Adam Strange who was due to become a regular character, as otherwise it would have clashed with the Adam Strange Prestige Format limited series published around the same time. He was then part of the R.E.B.E.L.S. series which continued from L.E.G.I.O.N. That series was canceled with 'R.E.B.E.L.S.96' #17 (March 1996), and had a solo story in 'Showcase '96' #10 (November 1996), after which another hiatus followed.
Since 2005, under the writer Jim Starlin Captain Comet has had his highest profile in DC Comics publications since the 1950s, featuring in the Rann-Thanagar War miniseries (2005), starring in the 8-issue miniseries 'Mystery in Space (vol 2) (2006), and co-starring in 'Rann-Thanagar Holy War' (2008) and 'Strange Adventures' (vol 3)(2009), as well as appearing briefly in the '52' (2006) and 'Final Crisis' (2008) events. Most recently he has become a regular character in the ongoing new R.E.B.E.L.S. series (2009).
Fictional character biography.
1950s - 'Strange Adventures'.
Captain Comet, the " 'first man of the future' ", is a mutant metahuman " 'born a hundred thousand years before his time' ", in 1931 to a farming couple from the American Mid-West. His 'metagene' was triggered by a comet passing overhead at birth.
Adam Blake discovered his unique abilities as he grew up - at the age of four he instantly found a ring his mother had lost (" 'I just knew it was there' "), and by eight years old demonstrated photographic memory by reading a whole encyclopedia at speed and retaining the information. Other skills manifested almost instantly, he could play musical instruments without tuition and was secretly expert at sports to Olympic record level. During senior school he saved a schoolmate from falling to her death by mental force, but despite his powers he felt isolated from other humans by his difference to them. After leaving school he became a librarian at Midwest City, where he sought the help of a renowned physicist, Professor Emery Zackro, who tested him and discovered Adam was a mutant - postulating he was the reverse of an evolutionary throwback, " 'an accidental specimen of future man' ". His Captain Comet persona began when Adam used his powers to intervene when criminals attempted to steal an advanced scientific device invented by Professor Zackro. Immediately after this, Blake and the Professor agreed Blake should become a superhero on a full-time basis, and he made his first appearance in public as Captain Comet combatting giant terraforming robot tops belonging to an alien race looking for a world to colonize. During this task, Adam built a working version of a prototype spaceship Professor Zackro had designed, which would become his personal spaceship, 'The Cometeer', and took up a costume, spacesuit and stun gun also invented by the Professor.
Over the next three years he saved Earth from multiple alien invasions and explored space in The Cometeer, saving other civilizations and meeting beautiful alien damsels in distress in the process. During this period he largely used intelligence and his mind-reading skills to help solve problems and situations, seldom resorting to physical solutions. Among his more weird adventures, Captain Comet battled mad Greek Gods from space, fought dinosaurs and alien creatures, and came up against a compulsory 1950s comics evil super-powered ape several times. Sometime after 1954 he disappeared into space in 'The Cometeer' on another expedition of discovery, but this time he was not to return for over 20 years.
1970s - 1980s.
In 1976 Captain Comet returned to Earth, having not aged, with a new protective costume instead of a spacesuit and enhanced skills - controlling his appearance mentally (although unfortunately forgetting his absence and dressing in 1950s style) - and with a powerful physical punch as well as a mental force, super-speed, and an ability to manipulate objects. He also had an explanation for his absence - having always felt alienated from normal humans because of his abilities " 'For 20 years he spanned the spaceways, searching for himself.' " " 'He’s been across the galaxy – twice' ". After misreading a battle between Green Lantern and Gorilla Grodd, and some trickery by Grodd, he ended up joining the Secret Society of Super Villains and battled Darkseid and the forces of Apokolips with them. Later he turned down full membership of the Justice League, but became an honorary member and took up residence on their satellite headquarters. After fighting Chronos and dinosaurs in Gotham City, the Captain continued his crusade against the Secret Society of Super Villains, but after a number of setbacks (mainly orchestrated by Gorilla Grodd) was eventually left still swearing to track them down.
Although present at the marriage of Ray 'The Atom' Palmer and Jean Loring several months later, Captain Comet then remained off-radar for nearly two years, eventually contacting Superman when the effect of the comet that mutated him wore off, turning him into a human comet as his powers fluctuated wildly. With Superman's help he managed to track down the comet and stabilise his powers. Superman's help was needed again six years later when the villain Brain Storm attempted to augment his waning powers by stealing Captain Comet's power (accidentally temporarily evolving him even further in the process).
1990s - 'L.E.G.I.O.N.' / 'R.E.B.E.L.S.'.
He spent the next few years " 'roaming the stars ... just drifting' ", before being captured by the space outlaw Dagon-Ra despite his powers having escalated and expanded to include near invulnerability, telekinesis and increased strength. Rescued by L.E.G.I.O.N. he recuperated in their headquarters hospital and was invited to join them soon after, which he eventually achieved a year later.
His involvement with L.E.G.I.O.N. was mainly in a supporting role. He fell in love with fellow member scientist Marij'n Bek, who nurse him back to health and studied the massive headaches he frequently suffered. These were the result of his possession by a psi-creature in space before meeting L.E.G.I.O.N.; it was eventually purged by Vril Dox, leaving the Captain once again hospitalised for months. Soon after he was apparently killed by Lady Quark - who had been possessed by the same parasite that had lived within him. Buried under a mountain on Ith'kaa, he eventually dug himself out and used his knowledge to manipulate the savage indigenous population to achieve the technological level to build him a spaceship (explaining later, without irony, that it took six months to industrialise the tribal society because " 'they were slow learners' "). Returning to R.E.B.E.L.S. homeworld, Cairn he learned that Vril Dox's son Lyrl had brainwashed most of the L.E.G.I.O.N., made the key L.E.G.I.O.N. members fugitives, and taken control of Cairn; so he and Maryj'n formed a resistance movement to free the population and overthrow Lyrl, and were key in successfully defeating him. As a result, Captain Comet became leader of the new, reformed L.E.G.I.O.N.
During this period, Captain Comet took up residence (with Tyrone, an artificially created telepathic clone bulldog) in The Zelazny Building on 'Hardcore Station', a corrupt commercial satellite station with a population of several million in a free space zone between a number of trading civilisations.
Post 1990s.
'Rann-Thanagar War'.
At some undefined point in the next ten years Captain Comet stepped down as leader and became a paid freelance aide and agent to Vril Dox, who took back the L.E.G.I.O.N. reins. He was next seen with Dox under contract to the planet Ancar, which had been invaded by Khunds during the Rann-Thanagar War; after intervention by Green Lantern Kyle Rayner, he decided to stay and help him end the war. He first accompanied Kyle to the destroyed planet Thanagar, where they built a protective dome and terraformed the land to create a secure environment for the survivors. Then he joined up with Adam Strange and Hawkman to defend Rann against the Thanagarians under the control of the demon Onimar Synn, who he was instrumental in destroying.
'52' and 'Mystery in Space'.
A year after the events of 'Infinite Crisis' Captain Comet was captured and tortured by Lady Styx, forcing him to jettison his primary consciousness from his body before death. His psychic self merged briefly with that of The Weird, which had been drifting in space since his death, and both were revived in new bodies. Captain Comet's new body constituted back at Hardcore Station - with golden eyes, a 20-year-old's physique, and the ability to teleport, although he had lost some strength. Shortening his name to Comet, (and allowing the misconception that he was his own nephew to grow) he searched for the remains of his old body on Hardcore Station, discovering that it had been stolen by the Eternal Light Corporation Church and he was being hunted by a team of their telepathic assassins. On breaking into the Eternal Light Corporation's building he uncovered that brainwashed cloned telepaths were being grown from the charred remains of his corpse, which he destroyed. Becoming a fugitive, he hid from the E.L.C. so they could not use his new body to continue their cloning - allowing thousands of Hardcore residents to die when the E.L.C. cut off life support to a whole area of Hardcore Station to force them to hand Comet in. Eventually he destroyed all the clones and the E.L.C - also killing hundreds of their followers.
'Rann-Thanagar Holy War' and 'Strange Adventures' (vol 3).
Subject of an assassination attempt by a surviving E.L.C. follower during a resurgence of the faith, Comet took up an offer by Adam Strange to leave Hardcore Station and help avoid growing religious fanaticism on Rann. He ended up working with Adam Strange, Hawkman, Starfire, The Weird, and the Prince Gavyn Starman to fight against the influences of the warring Lord Synnar (a cosmic tyrant behind the Eternal Light Corporation) and Lady Styx on Rann and Thanagar (which once again set the two planets on course for war). Their interference was eventually key in Lord Synnar's plans to achieve a higher plane of existence.
Later Comet discovered from the future spirit of Synnar that he is destined to be one of 'The Aberrant Six', a group critical to preventing the Synnar of today (trapped in The Weird's body) from destroying the universe. Ultimately the Aberrant Six did not form and the future Synnar was forced to leave, but not before Comet's mercenary friend Eye was killed by Synnar's supreme god-enemy to prevent the forming of the Six. Comet was entrusted with Eye's robot companion Orb until she returns, told by Synnar than when that happens he will " 'continue his negotiations' " - " 'All has changed, but remains as it was' ". Comet then returned to Hardcore Station, and almost immediately joined Vril Dox's new R.E.B.E.L.S.
The New 52.
At the end of issue 12 of "Action Comics" as seen in The New 52, Captain Comet was revealed as the first Neo Sapiens, enlisted by the Oort-Kind to find others similarly evolved including Lois Lane's niece, Suzie.
Other versions.
Captain Comet has also appeared in a number of DC Comics titles which do not fit into normal continuity:
Powers and abilities.
Captain Comet is supposedly the pinnacle of human evolution. His mutant mental functions not only give him genius level I.Q. but endow him with a photographic memory, telepathy, enabling him to read or control people's minds (including alien races) and communicate his thoughts mentally. He has telekinetic powers, which enable him to use his thoughts to move, lift, and alter matter without physical contact, mentally lift himself to fly at high-speed, create barriers of psychic force to deflect physical attack, and fire bursts of psionic energy that strike with concussive impact or energy, sometimes in the form of lightning or fire blasts. His telekinetic shield can simultaneously protect him from the vacuum of space and surround himself with a breathable environment.
Captain Comet's brain also contains evolved sensory centers enabling him to clairvoyantly 'see' events outside of his range of sight. His evolved physiology originally made him superhumanly strong and durable, on par with Superman. After his resurrection, however, his physical power was significantly diminished, although his mental abilities have been enhanced; he now exhibits stronger psionic powers, and a teleporting ability that can also encompass others, but normally requires an hour to recharge after every 'jump'.

</doc>
<doc id="2932972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932972" title="Nigel Vagana">
Nigel Vagana

Nigel Vagana (born 7 February 1975) is a retired professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s. A New Zealand and Samoa international representative centre, he retired as the Kiwis' all-time top try-scorer with 19. Vagana played club football in New Zealand for the Warriors, in England for Warrington and in Australia for the Bulldogs, Cronulla-Sutherland and finally South Sydney. Vagana is also the cousin of Bradford Bulls prop-forward Joe Vagana and former Silver Ferns netball player Linda Vagana.
Playing career.
Vagana was selected for the New Zealand team to compete in the end of season 1999 Rugby League Tri-Nations tournament. In the final against Australia he played on the wing and scored a try in the Kiwis' 22-20 loss. In April 2002, Vagana became the first Bulldogs player since 1942 to score five tries in a match. That season he was the League's top try-scorer. He signed a two-year contract with NRL club South Sydney, starting in 2007, expiring at the end of 2008.
Vagana had represented the New Zealand national team 32 times between 1998 and 2006, including playing in the 2000 World Cup when he announced his retirement from international rugby league following the 2006 Tri Nations series. However he was named in the Samoa squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup. and captained the side in the tournament, scoring a memorable, length-of-the-field try against Tonga.
Post playing.
Following his retirement from the playing field, Vagana became a National Rugby League education and welfare officer.

</doc>
<doc id="2932979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932979" title="Blennerhassett Island Historical State Park">
Blennerhassett Island Historical State Park

Blennerhassett Island Historical State Park is a state park located on Blennerhassett Island, a small island in the Ohio River, located in Wood County, West Virginia, USA. The property was the site of a Palladian mansion owned by Harman Blennerhassett, a participant in some of the alleged intrigues of Aaron Burr. While the original mansion burned to the ground long ago, a detailed replica, which can be toured, has been built on its foundations. The Blennerhasset Mansion greatly resembled George Washington's Mount Vernon, due to its Palladian style.
The park is accessed via sternwheeler riverboat from Point Park on 2nd Street in Parkersburg, West Virginia. The riverboat ride takes about 20 minutes each way. 
Blennerhasset Museum of Regional History.
The Blennerhasset Museum of Regional History operates in conjunction with the state park. The Museum is located two blocks from the riverboat landing at the corner of 2nd and Juliana Streets. Exhibits focus on the regional history of west and central West Virginia, and include household furnishings, art, clothing, and prehistoric Native American tools, jewelry, weapons and items. Admission is separate from the park.
Accessibility.
West Virginia University assessed the park's accessibility to the disabled in 2005, and rated its facilities as "accessible" by the standards of the Americans with Disabilities Act.

</doc>
<doc id="2932981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932981" title="Scecina Memorial High School">
Scecina Memorial High School

Scecina Memorial High School a Roman Catholic, co-educational high school located on the East Side of Indianapolis, Indiana. It is named in honor of Father Thomas Scecina, a priest from Indianapolis who was killed in action while ministering to United States military personnel during the Second World War with the 57th Infantry Division, Fort McKinley, Luzon, Philippines.
History.
In 1952, there was sufficient need and desire for a Catholic coeducational high school on the east side of Indianapolis. A plot of land at 5000 Nowland was purchased in conjunction with a successful 1 million dollar fund drive, and on August 21, 1952, ground was broken, with the cornerstone being laid on December 21, 1952. On September 21, 1953, regular classes began for 128 freshman girls and 127 freshman boys under Fr. Harry Hoover, who as founding principal had overseen the construction of the school.
The dedication of the school to Father Thomas Scecina, the only archdiocesan priest to give his life for his country in World War II, took place on October 18, 1953. The first graduating class of 219 students graduated in June 1957, and within a decade, SMHS grew to a school of 1400 students.
After Father Hoover retired in 1969, Father Joseph McGinley succeeded him. Mr. William Kuntz was assigned the post in 1972, and Sister Hortense Fougerousse was principal for the 1973-74 school year. Mr. Raymond Riley was appointed principal in 1974 and held the position until June 1986, when Mr. Larry Neidlinger took the reins. Mr. Neidlinger retired in 1995, a few months short of his death, and Mr. Stephen Papesh became principal from 1995-2000. During the 1999-2000 school year, SMHS hired Mr. Keith Marsh as its first President. The school’s second President, Dr. Kevin Caspersen, took over the reins in July 2004. Mrs. Maribeth Ransel became President in February 2007. In October 2008, Mr. Joseph Therber was named as President replacing Mrs. Ransel, who had been acting in an interim capacity. Mr. Rick J. Ruhl joined the SMHS family as principal during the 2000-2001 school year. In July 2005, Mr. Tom Davis became principal.
In August 2003, SMHS proudly opened its doors for its 50th anniversary year. SMHS is the first archdiocesan high school in Indianapolis to reach this historic milestone. In October 2003, many of the Franciscan Sisters who first staffed the school, along with other former teachers, administrators, and alumni were invited to a very special all-school Mass. Nearly 80 of Father Thomas Scecina’s surviving relatives attended that Mass and held a family reunion on the SMHS campus. Throughout its first 50 years, SMHS has continued its tradition “to give that little extra”. With great gratitude and reverence for its past, SMHS looks forward to another 50 years of changing lives in its crucial ministry of educating spirit, mind, and body.
Father Thomas Scecina.
The namesake of the first diocesan Roman Catholic high school in Indianapolis was born in Vicksburg, Indiana, on September 16, 1910. He graduated from St. Meinrad Seminary in 1935 and enlisted in the Army Chaplain's Reserve Corps on 5 October 1939. Father Scecina had previously been posted at Holy Trinity and St. John's parishes in Indianapolis.
Taken prisoner by Japanese military forces in April 1942, Scecina was forced to participate in the Bataan Death March and was interned as a prisoner of war at O'Donnell and Cabanatuan camps. In fall 1944, the Japanese made preparations to transfer all prisoners of war to mainland Japan against the Geneva War Convention. Scecina was placed on the Arisan Maru and went through two weeks of torture before the transport was torpedoed by an American submarine. 1,792 military prisoners aboard were killed, including Father Scecina, who had volunteered to be transported to continue to provide the Word of God to his men. Eight POWs survived to tell of Father Scecina's last hours.
Subsequently, for acts of heroism above and beyond the call of duty, Father Thomas Scecina was posthumously awarded many military honors, among them the Silver Star, and the Bronze Star. He was also awarded the Purple Heart for being wounded in service to his country.
Notable alumni.
Barney the Dinosaur - 17 year star of own TV show. Advisor to the '04 Bush Administration.

</doc>
<doc id="2932986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932986" title="Francis S. Gabreski Airport">
Francis S. Gabreski Airport

Francis S. Gabreski Airport is a county-owned, joint civil-military airport located north of the central business district of Westhampton Beach, in Suffolk County, Long Island, New York, United States. It is approximately east of New York City.
Known as Suffolk County Air Force Base until 1969, then Suffolk County Airport until 1991, when it was renamed in honor of Colonel Francis S. Gabreski, USAF (Retired), a U.S. Army Air Forces flying ace in World War II who, as a U.S. Air Force officer, was later the commander of the 52nd Fighter-Interceptor Wing at Suffolk County Air Force Base from 1964 through November 1967, when he retired.
The airport is both a general aviation facility utilized by corporate businesses, private aviation and air taxi services, and an Air National Guard (ANG) base for the 106th Rescue Wing (106 RQW), an Air Combat Command (ACC)-gained unit of the New York Air National Guard.
History.
Suffolk County Army Air Field.
The Suffolk County Army Air Field was built in 1943 as a United States Army Air Forces sub-base of nearby Mitchel Field. Later assigned to First Air Force, the 437th Army Air Force Base Unit defended the New York City area and flew antisubmarine patrols. Post-war, the airfield was conveyed to Suffolk County for use as a civilian airport, but included a reversal clause if future military use was ever needed.
Suffolk County Air Force Base.
Renamed when the United States Air Force reclaimed the airport in 1951, Suffolk County Air Force Base was part of the Eastern Air Defense Force's defense of the New York City metropolitan area. The Air National Guard's 103rd Fighter-Interceptor Wing (103 FIW), along with the 118th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron and its F-47N Thunderbolts, was federalized on March 2, 1951 and moved from Brainard Field, Connecticut, to Suffolk County AFB on June 1. The 103 FIW was returned to state control on February 6, 1952 and remained briefly at Suffolk County until replaced by the 45th and 75th Fighter-Interceptor Squadrons in November 1952, flying the F-86 Sabre as part of the 23rd Fighter-Interceptor Group (23 FIG).
In 1955, the 23 FIG was reassigned to Presque Isle AFB, Maine and replaced by the newly activated 52nd Fighter-Interceptor Wing (52 FIW), which flew under various designations from Suffolk County AFB until 1969, with the 2d and 5th Fighter-Interceptor Squadrons flying F-94 Starfire, F-101 Voodoo and F-102 Delta Dagger interceptors. In 1963, the 52 FIW was renamed the 52nd Fighter Wing (Air Defense) and became part of the New York Air Defense Sector (NY ADS), the NY ADS being one of four USAF air defense sectors employing the Semi-Automatic Ground Environment (SAGE) system.
Suffolk County AFB was also the main support base for the Suffolk County Missile Annex, a nearby USAF CIM-10 Bomarc surface-to-air missile launch complex for the defense of the New York City metropolitan area under the control of a missile launch control center at McGuire Air Force Base, New Jersey.
As a result of funding shortfalls for the Vietnam War that resulted in the closure of numerous stateside air force bases and naval air stations, Suffolk County AFB deactivated in 1969 and the military installation was again transferred to the Suffolk County government for use as a civilian airport.
Suffolk County Airport/Air National Guard Base and Francis S. Gabreski Airport/Air National Guard Base.
Suffolk County Airport (Francis S. Gabreski Airport after 1991) operated as a civilian general aviation airport without a military unit from 1969 until 1970.
Military operations were reintroduced in June 1970 when the 102nd Air Refueling Squadron (102 AREFS) of the 106th Air Refueling Group (106 ARG), New York Air National Guard, relocated to Suffolk County with their KC-97 Stratotankers after the closing of Naval Air Station Floyd Bennett Field. In 1972, the unit's mission changed from air refueling to fighter-interceptor, with the new mission of controlling the skies along the northeast U.S. coast with F-102 Delta Dagger aircraft.
In 1975, the designation and mission changed again to "Aerospace Rescue and Recovery", later shortened to "Air Rescue" and then simply "Rescue". The current names of the 102nd Rescue Squadron (102 RQS) and 106th Rescue Wing (106 RQW) were assigned in 1995. Today, the 106 RQW provides peacetime and combat search and rescue services using HC-130P Hercules aircraft and HH-60G Pave Hawk helicopters. The rescue wing was featured in the book and movie of "The Perfect Storm" which details the crash of one of the wing's HH-60G Pave Hawk rescue helicopters while conducting search and rescue operations from the airport during the 1991 Perfect Storm.
Air Force One was also often located at the Air National Guard base in the summers of 1998 and 1999 during weeklong visits by President Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton during extended stays at the Georgica Pond home of film director Steven Spielberg in East Hampton (village), New York.
Facilities and aircraft.
Gabreski Airport covers an area of which contains three paved runways. Runway 6/24 measures 9,000 x 150 ft (2,743 x 46 m), making it among New York's longest after JFK International Airport and Stewart International Airport. The airport has two additional runways (1/19 and 15/33), each measuring 5,000 x 150 ft (1,524 x 46 m).
For the 12-month period ending December 31, 2010, the airport had 83,712 aircraft operations, an average of 229 per day: 97% general aviation, 3% military and <1% air taxi. At that time there were 107 aircraft based at this airport: 79% single-engine, 6% multi-engine, 2% jet, 2% helicopter, 2% glider and 10% military.
One fixed base operator provides services to airport users Shelt-Air Aviation Services which is the only FBO operation on the airport, having bought Malloy Air East in early 2014.
The Suffolk County Police Aviation Section bases a Law Enforcement and MEDEVAC helicopter at the airport. The base is staffed from 7AM to 11PM by two Police Officer pilots as well as a Flight Paramedic employed by Stony Brook University Hospital. The airport is patrolled by the Suffolk County Sheriff's Office.

</doc>
<doc id="2932989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932989" title="Beth Israel Hospital">
Beth Israel Hospital

Beth Israel Hospital may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2932996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932996" title="Florida State Road 112">
Florida State Road 112

State Road 112 (SR 112) is an east–west state highway connecting Miami International Airport in Miami to Miami Beach in the U.S. state of Florida. Between the airport and Interstate 95, it is locally known as the Airport Expressway, and is tolled eastbound between State Road 9 to I-95. Between Interstate 95 and Alton Road (SR 907A) in Miami Beach, SR 112 is signed only as Interstate 195 as it crosses Biscayne Bay on the Julia Tuttle Causeway. Between I-195 and its eastern terminus at Collins Avenue (SR A1A), the SR 112 signs are present but infrequent.
Route description.
Airport Expressway.
State Road 112 begins at the main entrance of Miami International Airport, at the intersection of NW 21st Street and State Road 953, and heads north. From here until the interchange with I-95, the road is known as the Airport Expressway and is maintained by the Miami-Dade Expressway Authority. For its first mile or so, the road runs adjacent to SR 953 to its west of SR 953, with its lanes featuring a divided left-hand driving direction. About half a mile north of the southern terminus, SR 112 features an at grade railroad crossing, near the eastern end of one of the airport's runways. The road swings to its main east-west orientation past the airport, with its lanes crossing to a normal driving direction just to the east of its partial interchange with SR 948; this interchange also provides limited access to US 27.
After crossing NW 37th Avenue, the Airport Expressway runs roughly parallel to the Metrorail Orange Line, crossing under it just west of NW 32nd Avenue. SR 112 then interchanges with SR 9 (NW 27th Avenue), and then NW 22nd Avenue half a mile later. From here, eastbound automobile traffic is charged a $1.25 toll ($1.00 with SunPass); no toll is paid by westbound travellers. It is also just past here that SR 112 passes the southern side of the Earlington Heights Metrorail station, where the two lines of the Metrorail system merge, with both the Airport Expressway and the Metro continuing to run parallel eastwards for the next mile or so. Just before SR 112's partial interchange with SR 933 (NW 12th Avenue), the Metrorail tracks cross over the Airport Expressway as they curve southwards. Half a mile later, the Airport Expressway ends at the stack interchange with Interstate 95, with SR 112 and the pavement continuing eastwards as Interstate 195.
I-195.
The section of SR 112 connecting Interstate 95 in the west with Miami Beach in the east is also designated as I-195. This portion of the route is signed as I-195, with SR 112 becoming an unsigned highway. I-195 and SR 112 cross Biscayne Bay by traveling over the Julia Tuttle Causeway. Past Alton Road (SR 907), I-195 terminates while SR 112 continues east as Arthur Godfrey Road.
At-grade section.
East of Interstate 195, State Road 112 continues as the palm-lined Arthur Godfrey Drive (also known as West 41st Street), an undivided four-lane road. It passes through the southern end of Nautilus, past shops and low-rise office buildings, crossing a canal before passing along the southern edge of North Beach Elementary School. Continuing past more shops and a hotel, SR 112 crosses another canal before immediately meeting the southbound half of SR A1A. Past here, the road becomes one land in each direction and meets the northbound half of SR A1A one block later, terminating amidst the high-rises of Mid-Beach Miami Beach. 41st Street continues on a short distance into a cul-de-sac.
History.
Construction of SR 112 began in 1959, and the expressway was opened to traffic on December 23, 1961 (six months after the Palmetto Expressway, SR 826). Its initial name was the 36th Street Tollway, but use of the name eventually faded in favor of the more popular Airport Expressway. Initially the toll road had its western terminus at the congested intersection with LeJeune Road (SR 953), Northwest 36th Street (SR 948), and Okeechobee Road (US 27/SR 25) just east of the airport.
The westbound toll booths were removed in March 1984.
In 1990, SR 112 was extended southward and westward onto the airport property, ending at the airport's main entrance.
The numbering of SR 112 is an anomaly in the current grid-based system. The road was assigned its number while it was in its planning stages; it retained the number as FDOT made widespread changes in the numbering of State Roads in southeastern Florida in the 1970s and early 1980s.
Spur Interstate 195.
On December 23, 1961, three signed roads along the route of SR 112 were opened: the 36th Street Tollway (now the Airport Expressway), Interstate 195, and Spur Interstate 195. Spur Interstate 195 was the surface portion of the east–west state route along Arthur Godfrey Boulevard in Miami Beach, connecting I-195's eastern terminus to SR A1A. The Spur I-195 signs disappeared from the road shortly after the designation was decommissioned by the newly formed United States Department of Transportation in the late 1960s, and is now signed solely as SR 112.
Future.
The Airport Expressway is planned to be converted to open road tolling in 2014, and will be the last of the MDX expressways to do so.
While repeated attempts to secure funding for extending SR 112 along SR 948 to the Palmetto Expressway and the Homestead Extension of Florida's Turnpike have failed, the Florida Department of Transportation is constructing a connector between the Dolphin Expressway and the Airport Expressway as part of a massive project (the Miami Intermodal Center) tying together expressways, rail lines, and the airport. It remains to be seen if the connector will have its own FDOT designation or if the SR 112 will be extended over it to connect the Miami area's two primary east–west expressways.

</doc>
<doc id="2932997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932997" title="Suffolk County Air Force Base">
Suffolk County Air Force Base

Suffolk County Air Force Base (Suffolk County Army Air Field in World War II) is a former air defense military installation collocated to use runways with the Westhampton, New York, municipal airport. Some of the facilities and real estate of Suffolk County AFB, which closed in 1969, are now part of the renamed Francis S. Gabreski Airport, while other former Air Force facilities, as well as new military construction, are used by the New York Air National Guard's 106th Rescue Wing (106 RQW) stationed at Francis S. Gabreski Air National Guard Base.
Suffolk County Army Air Field.
The Suffolk County Army Air Field was built in 1943 as a United States Army Air Forces sub-base of nearby Mitchel Field. Later assigned to First Air Force, the 437th Army Air Force Base Unit defended the New York City area and flew antisubmarine patrols. Post-war, the airfield was conveyed to Suffolk County for use as a civilian airport, but to include a reversal clause if future military use was ever needed.
Renamed when the United States Air Force reclaimed the airport in 1951, Suffolk County Air Force Base was part of the Eastern Air Defense Force's defense of the NYC metro area. The Air National Guard's 103rd Fighter-Interceptor Wing (103 FIW), along with the 118th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron and its F-47N Thunderbolts, was federalized on March 2, 1951 and moved from Brainard Field, Connecticut, to Suffolk County AFB on June 1. The 103 FIW was returned to state control on February 6, 1952 and remained briefly at Suffolk County until replaced by the 45th and 75th Fighter-Interceptor Squadrons in November 1952, flying the F-86 Sabre as part of the 23rd Fighter-Interceptor Group (23 FIG).
In 1955, the 23 FIG was reassigned to Presque Isle AFB, Maine and replaced by the newly activated 52nd Fighter-Interceptor Wing (52 FIW), which flew under various designations from Suffolk County AFB until 1969, with the 2d and 5th Fighter-Interceptor Squadrons flying F-94 Starfire, F-101 Voodoo and F-102 Delta Dagger interceptors. In 1963, the 52 FIW was renamed the 52nd Fighter Wing (Air Defense) and became part of the New York Air Defense Sector (NY ADS), the NY ADS being one of four USAF air defense sectors employing the Semi-Automatic Ground Environment (SAGE) system.
Suffolk County AFB was also the main support base for the Suffolk County Missile Annex, a nearby USAF CIM-10 Bomarc surface-to-air missile launch complex for the defense of the New York City metropolitan area under the control of a missile launch control center at McGuire Air Force Base, New Jersey.
As a result of funding shortfalls for the Vietnam War that resulted in the closure of numerous stateside air force bases and naval air stations, Suffolk County AFB deactivated in 1969 and the military installation was again transferred to the Suffolk County government for use as a civilian airport.
Suffolk County Airport/Air National Guard Base and Francis S. Gabreski Airport/Air National Guard Base.
Suffolk County Airport (Francis S. Gabreski Airport after 1991) operated without a military unit until June 1970 when the 102nd Air Refueling Squadron of the New York Air National Guard relocated from Naval Air Station Floyd Bennett Field with its KC-97 Stratotankers. In 1972, the 102d switched to F-102 Delta Daggers and became the 102d Fighter-Interceptor Squadron. In 1975, the unit had another mission change and became an Aerospace Rescue and Recovery squadron, later renamed the 102nd Rescue Squadron in 1995. Today, the 106th Rescue Wing uses HC-130P Hercules and HH-60G Pave Hawk helicopters for both peacetime and combat search and rescue.
The book "The Perfect Storm" and the film by the same name detail the crash of one of the 106th's HH-60G Pave Hawk rescue helicopters while conducting civilian search and rescue operations from the airport during the 1991 Perfect Storm.

</doc>
<doc id="2933004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933004" title="Fawkner Park, Melbourne">
Fawkner Park, Melbourne

Fawkner Park is a popular park in Melbourne's South Yarra and part of the City of Melbourne. It provides recreational areas for teams playing Cricket, Softball, Soccer, Australian Rules Football, Tennis and Rugby.
History and Layout.
The park was created in 1862, named after Melbourne co-founder John Pascoe Fawkner. It is trapezoidal in shape with an area of 41 hectares (101 acres), gently sloping towards a flat area, and was originally used for over seven different activities at one time, in sections specified for the purpose. It was also commonly used for walks and promenading. The layout of today remains similar to that of over 100 years ago, with pathways cutting through the park, edged with elm, oak and Moreton Bay Figs.

</doc>
<doc id="2933007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933007" title="Electronic symbol">
Electronic symbol

An electronic symbol is a pictogram used to represent various electrical and electronic devices (such as wires, batteries, resistors, and transistors) in a schematic diagram of an electrical or electronic circuit. These symbols can (because of remaining traditions) vary from country to country, but are today to a large extent internationally standardized. Some symbols represent components which ceased to be used routinely as newer technologies were introduced (such as vacuum tubes).
Standards for symbols.
There are several national and international standards for graphical symbols in circuit diagrams, in particular:
Different symbols may be used depending on the discipline using the drawing. For example, lighting and power symbols used as part of architectural drawings may be different from symbols for devices used in electronics. National and local variations to international standards also exist.
Gallery of common electronic symbols.
Symbols shown are typical examples, not a complete list.

</doc>
<doc id="2933015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933015" title="Orlando Woolridge">
Orlando Woolridge

Orlando Vernada Woolridge (December 16, 1959 – May 31, 2012) was an American professional basketball player in the National Basketball Association (NBA) from 1981–1994. He was known for his scoring ability, especially on slam dunks.
Early life and education.
Woolridge was born in Bernice, Louisiana, a town dependent on the lumber industry. After attending local schools, he went to the University of Notre Dame, where he played collegiate basketball. He played in the Final Four in 1978 as a freshman with teammate Bill Laimbeer (the two would later reunite as teammates of the Detroit Pistons during the 1990s).
Woolridge started every game as a college sophomore, junior and senior. Woolridge helped guide Notre Dame to NCAA tournament appearances in 1980 and 1981. As an All-American senior in 1981, Woolridge made a last-second fall-away jumper to beat the eventual NBA Hall of Famer, Ralph Sampson and #1 Virginia to end their 28-game winning streak. Throughout his collegiate career, he averaged 10.6 points, five rebounds, 1.2 assists per game and shot just under 60% from the field.
Professional career.
NBA.
Woolridge was selected sixth in the 1981 NBA Draft by the Chicago Bulls, where he played for his first five seasons. Woolridge made his NBA debut on November 7, 1981. Woolridge was named NBA Player of the week on December 9, 1984. During the 1984–85 season, Woolridge averaged 22.9 points/game and combined with rookie teammate Michael Jordan to average over 51 points/game. Prior to the Jordan era, Woolridge was one of the Chicago Bulls' marquee players along with Hall of Famer Artis Gilmore, Reggie Theus and David Greenwood. At 6'9" 215 lbs, Woolridge was one of the most gifted dunkers in professional basketball. Woolridge was also one of the original alley-oop artists. Woolridge competed in the NBA Slam Dunk Contest in 1984 and 1985, surpassing the scores of Clyde Drexler and Michael Cooper. Woolridge led the Chicago Bulls in scoring in 1986 and was the last player to lead in scoring before Jordan took over. While unstoppable on the open court, his one-dimensional play did not complement Jordan's skills. 
He moved on to sign with the New Jersey Nets as a veteran free-agent on October 2, 1986 for the 1986–87 season, in which he averaged 20.7 points/game. After playing 19 games during the 1987–88 season, Woolridge was suspended by the league for violation of the league substance abuse policy.
On August 10, 1988, he signed as an unrestricted free agent with the Los Angeles Lakers, who were looking for a scorer off the bench. "I just love it when we go up in the transition game, up and down the court, Magic (Johnson) looking for the open guy ... That's the way I love playing," said Woolridge about teammate Magic Johnson and the Lakers shortly after joining the team. Woolridge averaged 11 points per game in two seasons and provided the Lakers consistent bench scoring around the basket. His 55.6% field goal percentage during the 1989–90 season ranked fifth in the league.
Woolridge was traded for two second-round draft picks to the Denver Nuggets, which started playing an unusual hurry-up offense under head coach Paul Westhead in 1990–91. The prolific offense resulted in Woolridge's averaging 25.1 points/game and a career high 6.8 rebounds/game, but did not result in many team wins. Through most of the season until December, Woolridge led the NBA in scoring. That month, he was sidelined after eye surgery due to a detached retina during a game collision. He was third in the league averaging 29.0 points at the time.
After his only season in Denver, Woolridge played with the Detroit Pistons the entire 1991–1992 season. He split the 1992–1993 season between Detroit and the Milwaukee Bucks, and finished his NBA career with the Philadelphia 76ers (1993–1994). He held NBA career averages of 16.0 points, 4.3 rebounds and 1.9 assists per game.
Europe.
He played professionally in Italy for Benetton Treviso (1994–95, won the European Cup and Italian Cup under Mike D'Antoni) and Buckler Bologna (1995–96) (won Italian Supercup).
Coaching and later years.
After retiring as a player, Woolridge coached the Los Angeles Sparks of the WNBA in 1998 and 1999. Woolridge later coached the Arizona Rhinos of the ABA, from 2008 to 2009.
Family.
Woolridge's son, Renaldo, studies at the University of Southern California and plays for the Trojans basketball team while working to complete his masters degree. Before attending USC, Woolridge attended the University of Tennessee for four years, earning his undergraduate degree while playing for the Volunteers basketball team.
Woolridge was a cousin to Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame member Willis Reed.
Death.
After a long battle with heart disease, Woolridge died on May 31, 2012 at his parents' home in Mansfield, Louisiana.

</doc>
<doc id="2933019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933019" title="Whitewood, Virginia">
Whitewood, Virginia

Whitewood is an unincorporated community in Buchanan County, Virginia. As of the 2000 census, the Whitewood area had a population of 485. It is located along the Dismal River, which is part of the watershed of the Big Sandy River.
History.
The community was initially settled in the early 1900s by lumber companies that arrived to log the forests of the surrounding hills. The settlement was named Whitewood, supposedly after the color of the lumber, shortly after the first lumber mill was established in 1905.
In September 2008, Whitewood High School, built in 1940, was placed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was demolished in early 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="2933021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933021" title="Che!">
Che!

Che! (1969) is an American biographical film starring Omar Sharif as Marxist revolutionary Ernesto "Che" Guevara. It follows Guevara from when he first landed in Cuba in 1956 to his death in Bolivia in 1967, although the film does not portray the formative pre-Cuban revolution sections of Che's life as described in the autobiographical book "The Motorcycle Diaries" (1993). The film was directed by Richard Fleischer.
Plot.
The film tells of Che Guevara (Omar Sharif), a young Argentine doctor who proves his mettle during the Cuban guerilla war in the late 1950s. He gains the respect of his men and becomes the leader of a patrol.
Fidel Castro (Jack Palance) is impressed by Guevara's tactics and discipline and makes him his chief advisor. When Castro defeats Cuban dictator Batista after two years of fighting, Guevara directs a series of massive reprisals, yet, Guevara dreams of fomenting a worldwide revolution. After Castro backs down during the Cuban Missile Crisis, Guevara accuses Castro of being a Soviet tool and decides to leave Cuba.
Guevara lands in Bolivia, where he attempts to begin his dream of a worldwide peasant revolution, but the Bolivian peasants do not follow his lead and he becomes pursued by the Bolivian Army.
Critical reception.
It received negative reviews. Critic Paul Brenner wrote: "In this badly misconceived pseudo-biography of the legendary Cuban revolutionary — played, incredibly, by Omar Sharif — Che Guevara takes up the cause as a rebel fighter under the direction of Fidel Castro, played — also incredibly — by Jack Palance." Years later, "Che!" was included as one of the choices in the book "The Fifty Worst Films of All Time". The 1977 "Book of Lists" labeled it "a cardboard, pseudo-historical drama" and noted that "Poor Sharif is forced to deliver lines such as 'The peasant is like a flower, and the revolutionary like a bee. Neither can survive or propagate without the other'." Film critic Roger Ebert panned the film and the motivations for producing the drama, writing: "From the beginning, it sounded like a bad dream. Hollywood was making a movie about Che Guevara. Why? Probably because somebody smelled easy money, having been inspired by the sales figures on Che posters. That must have been the reason, because "Che!" is abundant evidence that no one connected with this stinkeroo gave a damn about Che Guevara, Fidel Castro, the Cuban Revolution or anything else requiring more than five seconds' thought".
Soundtrack.
The film score was composed, arranged and conducted by Lalo Schifrin and the soundtrack album was released on the Tetragrammaton label in 1969. 
Track listing.
"All compositions by Lalo Schifrin except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="2933027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933027" title="Didz Hammond">
Didz Hammond

David Jonathan Hammond (born 19 July 1981), better known as Didz Hammond, is an English bassist. He was the bassist and backing vocalist in The Cooper Temple Clause (while also occasionally playing other instruments), and in Carl Barât's Dirty Pretty Things. The band's second album, "Romance At Short Notice", saw Hammond taking on more vocal duties within the band, for example contributing all the vocals on the ballad "The North". He is also the bass player in Brett Anderson's live electric band. Before music, Didz made his trade as a stand up comedian in Reading.
In 2002, Hammond was named "34th coolest person in the world" by "NME". He usually plays a yellow and black Fender Precision Bass and a red Burns Bison bass, but also has two semi-acoustic Epiphone basses, one in yellow and black sunburst, and a pink banjo, the other in red and black. He is also fond of acoustic basses, of which he has two - one with a natural finish, the other with a black gloss. Both are Epiphones.
Hammond has a son and two daughters with his girlfriend Anna; Nico (born 2004), Sonny (born 2007) and Sandy Blue, born 19 December 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="2933030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933030" title="Trident (car company)">
Trident (car company)

Trident Cars Ltd was a British car manufacturer based originally in Woodbridge then in Ipswich, Suffolk between 1966 and 1974 and again after being restarted in 1976 from premises in Ipswich. The new company stopped production in 1977-78.
Their first car, the prototype Clipper convertible, was based on a prototype TVR model which had attractive two seater coupe steel and aluminium bodywork styled by Englishman Trevor Frost (also known as Trevor Fiore, and also responsible for the Elva GT160) and built in Italy by Carrozzeria Fissore. This TVR Trident Coupe was shown at the 1965 Geneva Motor Show and in addition two more coupes and a single convertible prototype were also made.
Due to a financial crisis at the TVR company, the project passed instead to one of their dealers, W.J. (Bill) Last, who created a separate Trident Cars company to manufacture it using the premises previously used by him for making the Peel Viking Sport. The cars were at first fitted with Ford 4.7 litre V8 in a chassis that was a near copy of the one used on the Austin-Healey 3000 and had similar styling to the TVR prototypes, but were made instead in fibreglass. The first Trident Clipper Convertible prototype was displayed at the Racing Car Show at Olympia in London in January 1966 but little more was heard until the first Clipper Coupe was shown, again at the Olympia Racing Car Show, in January 1967.
The car was claimed to have a maximum speed of and a 0-60 mph time of 5 seconds. It was available as a complete car or in kit form. The cars were expensive, the kit version costing £1923. 
A second car, the Venturer was announced in 1969 with similar bodywork and powered by a Ford 3 litre V6 but now on a lengthened (to 93 inches) Triumph TR6 chassis giving the car independent suspension all round by coil springs. In 1971 the car cost £2300 in kit form.
Following problems with engine supply following a strike at Ford, Chrysler 5.4 litre V8 engines were fitted to the Clipper from 1971 and the Tycoon fitted with a Triumph 2.5 litre straight 6 engine was added to the range. The car now cost £3250 fully built. 
The engine problems and financial climate in the 1970s resulted in the company closing down in 1974. An attempt was made to restart production in 1976 but few cars were made before final closure in 1977.
Between 1967 and 1977 about 39 Clippers, 84 Venturers and 7 Tycoons were produced.

</doc>
<doc id="2933038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933038" title="Jason Cayless">
Jason Cayless

Jason Paul Cayless (born 15 January 1980) is a former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s. A New Zealand international representative prop forward, he is the younger brother of Parramatta Eels great, Nathan Cayless. He played his club football for the Sydney Roosters, with whom he won the 2002 Telstra Premiership, the Parramatta Eels, and St. Helens, with whom he won the 2006 Challenge Cup and 2006 Super League Grand Final, before finishing his career with the Wests Tigers.
Playing career.
Cayless started his career in the National Rugby League with the Parramatta Eels alongside his older brother, Nathan Cayless, who had already been with the club for three years. In 2001 he made his representative debut for New South Wales Country Origin. The following year Cayless moved to the Sydney Roosters and played for them at prop forward in their 2002 NRL Grand Final win over the New Zealand Warriors. Having won the 2002 NRL Premiership, the Roosters traveled to England to play the 2003 World Club Challenge against Super League champions, St Helens RLFC. Cayless played at prop forward in Sydney's victory. He made his international debut for New Zealand in 2002 and went on to play in ten Test matches for his country. He played at prop for the Sydney Roosters in the 2003 NRL grand final which was lost to the Penrith Panthers.
Cayless played for the Roosters at prop forward in their 2004 NRL grand final loss to cross-Sydney rivals, the Bulldogs.
Cayless played for St Helens as a prop forward in their 2006 Challenge Cup Final victory against the Huddersfield Giants. St Helens reached the 2006 Super League Grand final to be contested against Hull FC and Cayless played as a prop forward in Saints' 26-4 victory.
As 2006 Super League champions, St Helens faced 2006 NRL Premiers the Brisbane Broncos in the 2007 World Club Challenge. Cayless played at prop forward in the Saints' 18-14 victory.
After spending four seasons in Super League, in October 2009 Cayless signed with the Wests Tigers on a two year contract starting in 2010. He started the first three games of the season from the bench, but injuries saw him make no further appearances for the Tigers in 2010. He announced his retirement before the start of the 2011 season.

</doc>
<doc id="2933051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933051" title="Dry Island Buffalo Jump Provincial Park">
Dry Island Buffalo Jump Provincial Park

Dry Island Buffalo Jump Provincial Park is a provincial park in Central Alberta, Canada, located about southeast of Red Deer and east of Trochu. The park is situated along the Red Deer River and features badlands topography. Its name derives from the large plateau in the middle of the park, above the Red Deer River, which has never been developed by humans and retains virgin prairie grasses. 
The park is situated at an elevation ranging from to and has a surface of . 
The park is the site of an ancient buffalo jump, where Cree native people drove bison over the cliffs in large numbers to provide for their tribes. The hills also contain unique flora and fauna that are not found this far east of the Rocky Mountains in as large numbers as at Dry Island. The park contains the most important "Albertosaurus" bone bed in the world, which was first discovered by Barnum Brown in 1910 and rediscovered by Dr. Phil Currie in 1997. The bone bed excavation was halted at the end of August, 2005. Dr. Currie left the Royal Tyrrell Museum in October 2005 to become the Canada Research Chair with the Biological Sciences Department at the University of Alberta. Under university auspices, excavation at the bone bed has continued in the summers of 2006, 2007 and 2008.
Activities.
The following activities are available in the park:

</doc>
<doc id="2933052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933052" title="Credit Foncier">
Credit Foncier

Credit Foncier is the name of

</doc>
<doc id="2933054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933054" title="David Fa'alogo">
David Fa'alogo

David Fa'alogo (born 9 September 1980) is a New Zealand professional rugby league footballer for the Newcastle Knights of the National Rugby League. He previously played for Huddersfield Giants and the South Sydney Rabbitohs and has represented the New Zealand Kiwis. He primarily plays second-row, lock and prop but can fill in at centre.
Background.
Born in Auckland, New Zealand, Fa'alogo is of Samoan descent. His brother, Sala, played for the Widnes Vikings in 2004 and 2005.
Fa'alogo played his junior football for the Mount Albert Lions in the Bartercard Cup and Papatoetoe Panthers before being signed by the South Sydney Rabbitohs.
Professional playing career.
South Sydney Rabbitohs.
In Round 10 of 2003 NRL season Fa'alogo made his NRL debut for the Rabbitohs against the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks.
In 2006, Fa'alogo made his international debut for New Zealand against Australia in the ANZAC Test. He played in 4 more games at the end of the season.
In 2006, he won the George Piggins Medal as South Sydney's best and fairest player of the season.
Fa'alogo was selected to play for the New Zealand national team at lock forward in the 2007 ANZAC Test loss against Australia. In Round 25 of the 2007 NRL season, Fa'alogo was sin binned against the Sydney Roosters after punching Roosters player Braith Anasta, which resulted in a 7 week suspension from the NRL judiciary.
In 2008, he was sent home from a club trip to Florida, United States and fined $10,000 after punching a member of the public at a taxi rank.
Fa'alogo was again selected for the ANZAC Test again in 2008. In August 2008, Fa'alogo was named in the New Zealand training squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup, and in October 2008, he was named in the final 24-man Kiwi squad. Fa'alogo played in the New Zealand team that defeated Australia in the final of the 2008 World Cup to claim New Zealand's first title.
In September 2009, he punched coach Jason Taylor during end of season celebrations, knocking him to the ground. He was reportedly provoked by Taylor's 'rough horseplay' and had his contract terminated due to the incident.
Huddersfield Giants.
In May 2009, Fa'alogo signed a 4-year contract with English Super League club Huddersfield Giants starting in 2010. In 2011, Fa'alogo was selected in the inaugural Exiles squad for the Rugby League International Origin Match against England at Headingley. He was again selected to play for the Exiles in 2012. 
Newcastle Knights.
On 3 October 2012, Fa'alogo signed a 1-year contract with the Newcastle Knights starting in 2013.
On 22 May 2013, Fa'alogo re-signed with the Knights on a 1-year contract.
In October 2013, Fa'alogo was selected for Samoa in their 2013 Rugby League World Cup campaign. He featured in all four of the Samoans' games at the Tournament.
In May 2014, Fa'alogo captained Samoa in the 2014 Pacific Rugby League International. He led his country to a 32-16 win and a place in the 2014 Four Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="2933056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933056" title="Jannie de Beer">
Jannie de Beer

Jan Hendrik de Beer (born 22 April 1971 in Welkom), nicknamed Jannie, is a South African former rugby union player. He played flyhalf for the South African national team, the Springboks. In all he represented the Springboks in 13 tests, scoring 183 points. He stands 1.82 meters tall, and weighs 87 kilograms. He was principally known as a kicking fly-half.
De Beer made his début against the British Lions in 1997, being brought in for the dropped Henry Honiball whose running game had been contained by the Lions' defence in the first two of the three tests. He failed however to establish himself properly in the Springbok side.
De Beer is most famous for his world record five drop goals in a single test match, set in the 1999 Rugby World Cup in Paris against England. The Springboks won the match 44-21, knocking England out of the tournament. However, his attempts to repeat the tactic in the semi-final versus Australia backfired, as despite several attempts he only scored one in the match, and the Australians closed him down. It proved to be his final appearance for the Springboks.
A professed Christian, de Beer credits his faith in God for his successes. De Beer retired from professional rugby in 2002 due to a knee injury.

</doc>
<doc id="2933059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933059" title="Bak Seon-yeong (voice actress)">
Bak Seon-yeong (voice actress)

Bak Seon Yeong (Hangul:박선영) (born: January 3, 1970) is a Korean voice actress.
She joined the Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation's voice acting division in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="2933073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933073" title="1981 European Rugby League Championship">
1981 European Rugby League Championship


</doc>
<doc id="2933074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933074" title="Canon T50">
Canon T50

The Canon T50, introduced in March 1983 and discontinued in December 1989, was the first in Canon's new T series of 35mm single-lens reflex cameras compatible with Canon's FD lens mount. SLR sales were falling in 1983 from the market's 1981 peak, and Canon chose to try greater automation to revive sales and remain competitive. This approach had found favor in compact cameras such as the AF35M "Autoboy" (Japan) or "Sure Shot" (US). The T50 had a power winder built in giving a continuous shooting rate of 1.4 frames per second, as well as an advanced auto-exposure mode, although it was still a manual focus camera. Unlike those compact cameras and the higher-end models in the T series, the T50 did not have power rewind, relying on a manual crank. The camera's electric systems were powered by two AA batteries in the grip, which gave enough power to shoot 75 24-exposure rolls, or 50 36-exposure rolls.
The T50 used a new shutter design. Canon's previous A series cameras used a horizontally travelling cloth shutter, while the T50 (and subsequent T series models) used a vertically travelling metal blade shutter which allowed for faster shutter speeds and higher flash X-sync speeds. Only a modest increase was seen in the T50; more would be available in subsequent cameras.
Only Program AE (Auto Exposure) mode was available on the T50, in line with its role as a simple beginner's camera. A couple of years earlier, Konica had tried a similar approach with their FP-1.
Canon released a new flash unit for the T50, the Speedlite 244T. This simple-to-use flash used an infrared preflash to judge the distance to the subject, and only had two buttons; a power switch and a film speed setting which toggled between 100 and 400 ISO film speed.

</doc>
<doc id="2933078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933078" title="Al Morganti">
Al Morganti

Michael "Al" Morganti is a nationally recognized hockey analyst who has covered the National Hockey League (NHL) and international competitions. He is currently a pre and post-game analyst for the Philadelphia Flyers of the NHL for games broadcast on Comcast SportsNet Philadelphia and occasionally, The Comcast Network. He is also a sports radio personality for 94 WIP in Philadelphia along with co-hosts Angelo Cataldi, Rhea Hughes, and fellow Flyers broadcast crew member, Keith Jones. Airing weekday mornings from 5:30 a.m. till 10:00 a.m. Eastern Time, "The Morning Show” is the highest rated sports radio show in the Philadelphia area.
Career.
Originally from Boston and a product of Boston University, Morganti started his journalism career there, writing for "The Boston Globe". He then became "The Atlanta Constitution" hockey beat writer, covering the "Atlanta Flames". Before joining the Flyers' broadcast crew, he was previously a regular hockey analyst for ESPN from 1993–2005 and a hockey writer for "The Philadelphia Inquirer". He has been a co-host for "The Morning Show” on WIP since the early 1990s. He has also covered several Olympic Games, Canada Cups, World Cups, Wimbledon, and America's Cup competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="2933079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933079" title="Fusuma">
Fusuma

In Japanese architecture, fusuma (襖) are vertical rectangular panels which can slide from side to side to redefine spaces within a room, or act as doors. They typically measure about wide by 1.8 metres (5'11") tall, the same size as a tatami mat, and are two or three centimeters thick. The heights of "fusuma" have increased in recent years due to an increase in average height of the Japanese population, and a 190 cm (6'2") height is now common. In older constructions, they are as small as 170 cm (5'7") high. They consist of a lattice-like wooden understructure covered in cardboard and a layer of paper or cloth on both sides. They typically have a black lacquer border and a round finger catch.
Historically, "fusuma" were painted, often with scenes from nature such as mountains, forests or animals. Today, many feature plain rice paper, or have industrially printed graphics of fans, autumn leaves, cherry blossom, trees, or geometric graphics. Patterns for children featuring popular characters can also be purchased.
Both "fusuma" and "shōji" (sheer, translucent paper room dividers) run on wooden rails at the top and bottom. The upper rail is called a , literally "duck's place", and the lower is called a . Traditionally these were waxed, but nowadays they usually have a vinyl lubricating strip to ease movement of the "fusuma" and "shōji".
Along with the fusuma, "shōji" and "tatami" straw mats (as the floor) make up a typical Japanese room.

</doc>
<doc id="2933080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933080" title="Øystein Djupedal">
Øystein Djupedal

Øystein Kåre Djupedal, born 5 May 1960 in Oslo, Norway, is a Norwegian politician for the Socialist Left Party (SV) and a member of Storting for Sør-Trøndelag County where he has sat since the 1993 election. For two years from 17 October 2005 until 18 October 2007 he was the Minister of Education and Research. He is also former deputy chairman of SV.

</doc>
<doc id="2933081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933081" title="Joe Galuvao">
Joe Galuvao

Joe Galuvao (born 8 July 1978) is a New Zealand former professional rugby league footballer who played in the National Rugby League. A Samoa and New Zealand international second row forward, he played for the Auckland Warriors, Parramatta Eels, South Sydney Rabbitohs, Penrith Panthers (with whom he won the 2003 NRL Premiership), and Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles (with whom he won the 2011 NRL Premiership).
Playing career.
After starting his playing career in the late 1990s with the Auckland Warriors, Galuvao was a member of the 2003 NRL premiership-winning Panthers team which defeated the Sydney Roosters in the 2003 NRL grand final. With fellow second-rower Tony Puletua, Galuvao was known as one of the "Hair Bears" and was rated one of the best second-rowers in the world in 2003. As 2003 NRL premiers, the Panthers travelled to England to face Super League VIII champions, the Bradford Bulls in the 2004 World Club Challenge. Galuvao played at second-row forward in the Panthers' 22-4 loss.
Galuvao joined the Rabbitohs from 2006 on a three-year deal. Galuvao was released in September 2007 after a campaign to encourage him to retire, reportedly being told by Souths to swap "the paddock for the pulpit". by the Rabbitohs to join the Parramatta Eels in the 2008 off season. Galuvao signed a 2-year contract with Parramatta, keeping him with the Eels through the 2009 season. 
In the 2008 season, he only played in six NRL games for the Eels. In 2009, however he matched that total in the first six games of the season. In August, 2009, Galuvao extended his playing career by signing a three-year deal with Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles. 
Despite being concussed in a pre-season match, Galuvao made his debut for Manly against his old club Parramatta in Round 2 of the 2010 season. Galuvao won a second premiership as part of Manly's victorious 2011 NRL Grand Final squad. He, along with Shane Rodney have played in the same premiership team twice, Rodney having been a teammate of Galuvao's in Penrith's victorious 2003 NRL Grand Final squad. In 2013, after suffering a season-ending injury, Galuvao announced his retirement.

</doc>
<doc id="2933091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933091" title="Klein quadric">
Klein quadric

In mathematics, the lines of a 3-dimensional projective space, "S", can be viewed as points of a 5-dimensional projective space, "T". In that 5-space, the points that represent each line in "S" lie on a hyperbolic quadric, "Q" known as the Klein quadric.
If the underlying vector space of "S" is the 4-dimensional vector space "V", then "T" has as the underlying vector space the 6-dimensional exterior square Λ2"V" of "V". The line coordinates obtained this way are known as Plücker coordinates.
These Plücker coordinates satisfy the quadratic relation 
defining "Q", where 
are the coordinates of the line spanned by the two vectors "u" and "v".
The 3-space, "S", can be reconstructed again from the quadric, "Q": the planes contained in "Q" fall into two equivalence classes, where planes in the same class meet in a point, and planes in different classes meet in a line or in the empty set. Let these classes be formula_3 and formula_4. The geometry of "S" is retrieved as follows:
The fact that the geometries of "S" and "Q" are isomorphic can be explained by the isomorphism of the Dynkin diagrams "A"3 and "D"3.

</doc>
<doc id="2933100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933100" title="Intel Turbo Memory">
Intel Turbo Memory

Intel Turbo Memory is a technology introduced by Intel Corporation that uses NAND flash memory modules to reduce the time it takes for a computer to power up, access programs, and write data to the hard drive. During development, the technology was codenamed Robson. It is supported by most of the Core 2 Mobile chipset series, but not by the newer Core i Series mobile chipsets.
Overview.
The technology was publicly introduced on October 24, 2005, at the Intel Developer Forum (IDF) in Taiwan when a laptop that booted up almost immediately was demonstrated. The technology attempts to decrease hard drive usage by moving frequently accessed data over to the flash memory. Flash memory can be accessed faster than hard drives and requires less power to operate, thereby allowing laptops to operate faster while also being more power efficient.
The Turbo memory cache connects to a motherboard via a mini-PCIe interface. It supports features available in Microsoft Windows Vista, namely ReadyBoost (a hard-drive caching solution via flash memory) and ReadyDrive (a hard-drive caching solution via hybrid drives). These features allow both read caching and write caching of data. Often this is implemented with a Disk Filtering Option ROM (DFOROM).
Availability.
Intel Turbo Memory was made available on May 9, 2007, on the Intel's "Santa Rosa" platform and their "Crestline" (GM965) chipsets. Intel Turbo Memory 2.0 was introduced on July 15, 2008, on Intel's "Montevina" platform and their "Cantiga" (GM47) chipsets. It is available in 1, 2, and 4GB modules. It is supported in the Intel 965 Express chipset, and the Intel 4 Series Express chipsets (2GB and 4GB modules only).
Several retailers, such as Acer, Asus, Dell, Lenovo, Sager, Toshiba, etc., sold laptops enabled with the Intel Turbo Memory technology.
Reception.
A review in AnandTech largely concurred with some OEM criticism finding that "it basically does nothing for the user experience". HP refused to use the technology. Ars Technica wrote in 2009 that Turbo Memory "never took off", and CNET similarly pronounced that it was "never widely adopted", because "Turbo Memory (and Turbo Memory 2.0) wasn't cheap, and it definitely wasn't worth the cost."
In 2009 Intel had announced the successor to Turbo Memory for the 5-Series mobile chipsets, codename Braidwood. However, the series was launched without this technology. In 2011, The Register wrote "I think we can say Braidwood has sunk without trace."

</doc>
<doc id="2933104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933104" title="Frank Puletua">
Frank Puletua

Frank Puletua (born 8 May 1978 in Auckland, New Zealand) was a New Zealand professional rugby league player for the Penrith Panthers in the National Rugby League (NRL) competition. Puletua previously played for the South Sydney Rabbitohs. His position of choice was in the Second Row.
His brother is New Zealand and Samoan international Tony Puletua.
Playing career.
Puletua made his first grade debut for the Penrith Panthers on April 25, 1998 against the Melbourne Storm. He played for the Panthers until switching to the South Sydney Rabbitohs for the 2002 and 2003 seasons. He then signed with the new Gold Coast Titans but changed his mind and left the club, returning to Penrith.
Representative career.
He is eligible to represent Samoa.
He has been named in the Samoa training squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="2933107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933107" title="1995 European Rugby League Championship">
1995 European Rugby League Championship

Wales won the new European Championship, beating England for the first time since 1977 and defeating France in Carcassonne to the first time take home the new title for the first time since 1938.
It was the first time a European Championship had been held since being cancelled after last tournament in 1981. The traditional format was used, whereby the three founding nations compete, each playing a total of two matches, where no final is staged.
It was held in early 1995, to accommodate for the Rugby League World Cup taking place in the latter stages of the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="2933110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933110" title="Atlas Maior">
Atlas Maior

The Atlas Maior is the final version of Joan Blaeu's atlas, published in Amsterdam between 1662 and 1672, in Latin (11 volumes), French (12 volumes), Dutch (9 volumes), German (10 volumes) and Spanish (10 volumes), containing 594 maps and around 3000 pages of text. It was the largest and most expensive book published in the seventeenth century. Earlier, much smaller versions, titled "Theatrum Orbis Terrarum, sive, Atlas Novus", were published from 1634 onwards.
History.
Somewhere around 1604 Willem Blaeu settled down in Amsterdam and opened a shop on the Damrak, where he produced and sold scientific instruments, globes and maps. He was also a publisher, editor and engraver. 
In 1629, Willem Blaeu bought the copperplates of several dozens of maps from Jodocus Hondius II's widow. Afterwards, he published an "Atlantis Appendix" to Mercator's atlas in 1630, containing 60 maps, but no text. The next year a new edition was published, with 98 maps and descriptive text in Latin.
Willem and his son Joan Blaeu made a public announcement in an Amsterdam newspaper that they would publish their own full atlas in 1634. Their first atlas was completed in 1635 and appeared in four different versions: "Novus Atlas" (German edition, 208 maps in two volumes), "Theatrum Orbis Terrarum, sive, Atlas Novus" (Latin edition, 207 maps in two volumes; title refers to Ortelius' "Theatrum Orbis Terrarum"), "Toonneel des Aerdrycks" (Dutch edition, also 207 maps in two volumes) and finally "Theatre du Monde ou Nouvel Atlas" (French edition, 208 maps in two volumes (like the German edition)). 
After his father's death in 1638, Joan continued to rework and expand the atlas. A three volume edition was published from 1640 onwards. Joan later published the "Atlas of England" with maps of John Speed, the "Atlas of Scotland" (1654) with maps of Timothy Pont and Robert Gordon, and Martino Martini's "Novus Atlas Sinensis" ("Atlas of China", 1655), which were added as respectively the fourth, fifth and sixth volumes of Blaeu's "Atlas Novus". 
The final version of the atlas was published as the "Atlas Maior" and contained 594 maps in eleven (Latin edition), twelve (French edition), nine (Dutch edition) or ten (German edition) volumes. This final version of the "Atlas Maior" was the largest and most expansive book published in the seventeenth century.
The first volumes were published in 1662, the last volume was finished in 1665, although Joan continued to rework several volumes. He also started to create a 12 volume Spanish edition, however, only 10 volumes were finished. 
However, this 9 to 12 volume atlas was only intended to be the first part of a much larger work, which is illustrated by the full title of the atlas: "Atlas Maior, sive Cosmographia Blaviana, qua solum, salum, coelum, accuratissime describuntur" ("Grand Atlas or Blaeu's Cosmography, in which are most accurately described earth, sea, and heaven"). The second part (about the coasts, seas and oceans) and third part (with maps of the skies) were never produced. 
In 1672, fire broke out in the workshop. Joan Blaeu died the next year. No new editions of his atlases were published and the family business went bankrupt within a few years.
Literature.
General and introductory works:
Bibliographical descriptions of the atlases:
Modern reproductions:
External links.
Digitalized versions:

</doc>
<doc id="2933115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933115" title="Dave Corzine">
Dave Corzine

David (Dave) John Corzine (born April 25, 1956) is a retired American professional basketball player in the National Basketball Association.
Biography.
A Chicago-area native who went to John Hersey High School in Arlington Heights and DePaul University in Chicago, Corzine was the 18th overall pick of the 1978 NBA Draft by the Washington Bullets. After two years with the Bullets and two more with the San Antonio Spurs, Corzine returned to his hometown to play for the Chicago Bulls for seven seasons. He finished his NBA career with the Orlando Magic and the Seattle SuperSonics. He averaged 5.9 rebounds per game in the NBA.
His best season was in 1982–83 with the Bulls when he averaged 14.0 points and 8.7 rebounds per game.

</doc>
<doc id="2933134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933134" title="Hyphema">
Hyphema

Hyphema (or hyphaema, see spelling differences) is blood in the front (anterior) chamber of the eye. It may appear as a reddish tinge, or it may appear as a small pool of blood at the bottom of the iris or in the cornea.
Epidemiology.
The rates of hyphemas in the United States are about 20 cases per 100,000 people annually.
Causes.
Hyphemas are frequently caused by injury, and may partially or completely block vision. The most common causes of hyphema are intraocular surgery, blunt trauma, and lacerating trauma. Hyphemas may also occur spontaneously, without any inciting trauma. Spontaneous hyphemas are usually caused by the abnormal growth of blood vessels (neovascularization), tumors of the eye (retinoblastoma or iris melanoma), uveitis, or vascular anomalies (juvenile xanthogranuloma). Additional causes of spontaneous hyphema include: rubeosis iridis, myotonic dystrophy, leukemia, hemophilia, and von Willebrand disease. Conditions or medications that cause thinning of the blood, such as aspirin, warfarin, or drinking alcohol may also cause hyphema.
Prognosis.
Hyphemas require urgent assessment by an ophthalmologist as they may result in permanent visual impairment. 
A long-standing hyphema may result in hemosiderosis and heterochromia. Blood accumulation may also cause an elevation of the intraocular pressure. On average, the increased pressure in the eye remains for six days before dropping. Most uncomplicated hyphemas resolve within 5–6 days.
Treatment.
The main goals of treatment are to decrease the risk of rebleeding within the eye, corneal blood staining, and atrophy of the optic nerve. Small hyphemas can usually be treated on an outpatient basis. Most treatment plans consist of elevating the head at night, wearing a patch and shield, and controlling any increase in intraocular pressure. Surgery may be necessary for non-resolving hyphemas, or hyphaemas that are associated with high pressure that does not respond to medication. Surgery can be effective for cleaning out the anterior chamber and preventing corneal blood staining.
Elevation of the head of the bed by approximately 45 degrees (so that the hyphema can settle out inferiorly and avoid obstruction of vision, as well as to facilitate resolution). Bed rest may be considered, although evidence suggests that it does not improve outcomes. Wearing of an eye shield at night time (to prevent accidental rubbing of the eyes during sleep, which can precipitate a rebleed). An eye patch should be worn throughout the day to protect the injured eye. 
If pain management is necessary, acetaminophen can be used. Aspirin and ibuprofen should be avoided, because they thin the blood and increase the risk of a rebleed. Sedation is not usually necessary for patients with hyphema. It is controversial among ophthalmologists whether a steroid medication or a dilating drop (mydriatic) should be used in treatment of hyphema. Steroids aim to reduce the amount of inflammation, but also cause side effects. Dilating drops aim to increase comfort from the traumatized iris as well as reduce bleeding, but can also cause the pupil to be fixed in a dilated state via posterior synechiae (adhesions).
Complications.
While the vast majority of hyphemas resolve on their own without issue, sometimes complications occur. Traumatic hyphema may lead to increased intraocular pressure, peripheral anterior synechiae, atrophy of the optic nerve, staining of the cornea with blood, re-bleeding, and impaired accommodation.
Secondary hemorrhage, or rebleeding of the hyphema, is thought to worsen outcomes in terms of visual function.

</doc>
<doc id="2933141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933141" title="Ren Bonian">
Ren Bonian

Rèn Yí (任頤, 1840-1896), also known as Ren Bonian, was a painter and son of a rice merchant who supplemented his income by doing portraits. He was born in Zhejiang, but after the death of his father in 1855 he lived in Shanghai. This move placed him in a more urban world that was exposed to Western thinking. In Shanghai he became a member of the Shanghai School which fused popular and traditional styles. He is also sometimes referred to as one of the "Four Rens." 
He was noted for his bold brushstrokes and use of color. In his earlier career the Song Dynasty painters influenced him, but later on he favored a freer style influenced by the works of Zhu Da.

</doc>
<doc id="2933154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933154" title="1996 European Rugby League Championship">
1996 European Rugby League Championship

The 1996 European Rugby League Championship was the second and last championship of the 1990s. After England won the tournament, it was not played again until 2003

</doc>
<doc id="2933158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933158" title="Pete Myers">
Pete Myers

Peter Eddie "Pete" Myers (born September 15, 1963) is an American former professional basketball player.
Early life and college career.
Born in Mobile, Alabama, Myers graduated from Williamson High School of Mobile in 1981. Myers then attended Faulkner State Community College. At Faulkner State, Myers averaged nearly 14 points per game in his two-year career and was named to the 1983 All-Southern Division team. Myers transferred to the University of Arkansas at Little Rock in 1983 and played two seasons on the Arkansas–Little Rock Trojans men's basketball team after redshirting one year. At Arkansas–Little Rock, Myers was named to the All-Trans American Athletic Conference (TAAC) team both his junior and senior years and was part of the 1986 TAAC Tournament championship team that advanced to the second round of the NCAA Tournament.
Pro playing career.
Chicago Bulls (1986–1987).
In the 1986 NBA Draft, the Chicago Bulls selected Myers in the sixth round as the 120th overall pick. As a rookie, Myers played in 29 games with the Bulls and averaged 5.3 minutes and 2.3 points per game. 
Rockford Lightning (1987).
In 1987, Myers played for the Rockford Lightning of the CBA, was named a league All-Star, and won second place in the CBA slam dunk contest.
San Antonio Spurs (1988).
Myers then signed with the San Antonio Spurs in January 1988 and averaged 14.9 minutes, 5.1 points, 1.7 rebounds, and 2.2 assists in 22 games. 
Philadelphia 76ers and Cai Zaragoza (1988).
The Spurs traded Myers to the Philadelphia 76ers in August 1988. Controversially, Myers chose to play in the Spanish Liga ACB team Cai Zaragoza during the NBA preseason, and the 76ers sued to stop Myers. In 4 games with Zaragoza, Myers made 48.9% of field goals and averaged 12.3 points, 2.3 rebounds, and 2.8 assists. Before being waived by the 76ers on December 15, Myers played 4 games with an average 10.0 minutes, 3.5 points, 2.5 rebounds, and 0.5 assists.
New York Knicks (1988–1990).
On December 20, Myers signed with the New York Knicks and played 29 games with an average 7.9 minutes, 2.8 points, 0.8 rebounds, and 1.6 assists. In the season with the Knicks, Myers played 24 games with 8.7 minutes per game along with 1.9 points, 1.2 rebounds, and 1.5 assists. 
New Jersey Nets (1990).
Four days after the Knicks waived him, Myers signed with the New Jersey Nets on February 27, 1990 and played 28 games for the Nets. In those 28 games, Myers averaged 19.4 minutes, 7.1 points, 2.4 rebounds, and 3.6 assists and made 2 starts for the first starts in his NBA career.
San Antonio Spurs (1990).
On December 10, 1990, Myers signed as a free agent with the San Antonio Spurs and played 8 games with 1 start before being waived on December 24. Myers averaged 3.6 points, 2.3 rebounds, and 1.8 assists. 
Fortitudo Pallacanestro Bologna and Albany Patroons (1991–1992).
Myers then played for Fortitudo Pallacanestro Bologna (sponsorship name Aprimatic Bologna) of the Italian Lega Basket Serie A and signed with the CBA team Albany Patroons in April 1991. Myers returned to Fortitudo Bologna (new sponsorship name Mangiaebevi Bologna) after the CBA season ended. 
Scavolini Pesaro (1992–1993).
After spending the NBA preseason with the Washington Bullets, Myers played for Scavolini Pesaro of Serie A in the 1992-1993 season. Myers averaged 16.1 points, 6.4 rebounds, and 2.1 assists per game. 
Chicago Bulls (1993–1995).
Myers returned to the NBA in by signing with the Chicago Bulls and replaced the retiring Michael Jordan as starting shooting guard. Myers played all 82 regular season games for the first time in his NBA career and started 81. Myers made career-high averages of 24.8 minutes, 7.9 points, 1.0 steal, and 3.0 assists per game as well as 2.2 rebounds. The following season, Myers played 71 games with 14 starts and averaged 4.5 points, 2.0 rebounds, and 2.1 assists. On March 15, 1995, Myers scored a season-high 14 points. However, Myers faced the possibility of being replaced as Michael Jordan was considering a comeback to the NBA. 
Miami Heat (1995–1996).
Myers signed with the Charlotte Hornets on October 3, 1995 but was traded to the Miami Heat on November 3 before playing a game for the Hornets. With the Heat, Myers started 1 of 39 games played and averaged 4.7 points, 1.9 rebounds, and 2.5 assists. 
Charlotte Hornets (1996).
After the Heat waived him, Myers returned to the Hornets on February 16, 1996. In 32 games and 1 start, Myers averaged 2.9 points, 2.1 rebounds, and 1.5 assists.
Polti Cantù (1997).
In 1997, Myers played for Polti Cantù and reached the Italian Cup finals. 
New York Knicks and Rockford Lightning (1997–1998).
Myers then signed with the NBA's New York Knicks on October 1, 1997. In 9 games, Myers averaged 1.6 points, 1.1 rebounds, and 0.3 assist. The Knicks waived Myers on January 6, 1998. Myers then re-joined the CBA team Rockford Lightning. 
Quad City Thunder (1999).
In January 1999, Myers signed with CBA team Quad City Thunder. In 21 games, Myers averaged 6.4 points per game.
Coaching career.
Myers became a scout for the Chicago Bulls on January 4, 2000, and joined Chicago's coaching staff on December 28, 2001. He became the interim head coach for two games when Bill Cartwright was fired in 2003. When the Bulls hired Scott Skiles, Myers went back to his regular duties at assistant coach. When Skiles was fired in 2007, Myers was named once again the interim head coach for one game before Jim Boylan became the head coach for the rest of the season. Myers' total head coaching record is 0–3.
Myers was dropped from the Bulls' coaching staff in the summer of 2010, after the arrival of new head coach Tom Thibodeau. For the 2010–11 season, Myers returned to the Bulls front office as a scout. In 2011, Myers became an assistant coach with the Golden State Warriors under Mark Jackson. In 2014, Myers and all of Jackson's staff were released by Golden State.
External links.
NBA profile

</doc>
<doc id="2933164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933164" title="List of Muslim scientists">
List of Muslim scientists

This is a list of Muslim scientists who have contributed significantly to science and civilization.

</doc>
<doc id="2933173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933173" title="Children's Express">
Children's Express

Children’s Express was a news agency reported and edited by children and teenagers between the ages of 8 and 18.
History.
CE was founded in 1975 in New York by Wall Street attorney Robert Clampitt. Initially, CE published light and fluffy stories in its own magazine. However, in 1976 at the Democratic National Convention, the focus of the organization changed forever when a 13 year old CE reporter (Gilbert Giles) scooped the news that Walter Mondale would be Jimmy Carter's running mate. From then on, CE reporters would almost exclusively concentrate on hard-hitting political and social topics. 
Over the next two decades, Children's Express expanded from New York to establish bureaus in Salem, MA, Washington, DC, Oakland, California, Newark, NJ, Harlem, NY, Marquette, Michigan, Springfield, Ohio and Indianapolis, Indiana. In 1994 CE-UK was established; a Tokyo bureau was also founded in the late 1990s. 
CE articles appeared both in local markets and in national publications that subscribed to the CP Newswire, including the "New York Amsterdam News, Bermuda Royal Gazette, Indianapolis Star, The Mining Journal, New York Times, New York Daily News, The Plain Dealer, Family Life, Houston Chronicle, El Diario/La Prensa, Seattle Times, Maryland Sentinel" and many others. 
From 1988 to 1989, the "CE News Magazine" television series was broadcast on PBS during prime time. CE won a Peabody Award and an Emmy Award for their coverage of the 1988 presidential campaign. This episode included one of CE's most famous interviews, in which a 12-year-old reporter asked vice-presidential candidate Dan Quayle if she should be forced to carry a baby to term if she was raped by her father. Quayle's answer: yes. 
Children's Express articles were created through an oral journalism process: interviews and commentary by 8-13 year old reporters were transcribed and edited by teen and adult editors. CE articles were always presented from a youth viewpoint, and featured frank, uncensored commentary. Subjects covered ran the gamut from teen drug abuse to abortion, youth-oriented legislation, school violence and interracial dating. Reporters and editors from CE's Washington DC bureau were admitted to White House press briefings. CE also covered every presidential election and Democratic/Republican National Convention from 1976-2000. In 1996, three CE-NY staffers toured war-torn Bosnia, sending back reports that were published nationally. 
When founder Robert Clampitt died suddenly in 1996, CE was already teetering on the edge of bankruptcy. In fact, the board of directors had scheduled a meeting to decide how to close the organization when new management secured a multi-million dollar foundation grant to develop the organization and to undertake a major diversity research project. But with a flawed business model and increasing pressures on foundations and other funders brought about by 9/11, further funding proved impossible to obtain. By the year 2001, after a desperate struggle and with a bitterly divided board, the organization ceased operations.
Aftermath.
The Indianapolis bureau split from Children's Express in 1999 and began operating as Y-Press. After Children's Express folded, two of the other bureaus also evolved into independent youth news organizations. The New York bureau became known as Children's Pressline, while the Marquette group continued on as 8-18 Media. 
The UK Children's Express, which was run and funded separately, continued on under the CE name. On January 30, 2007, the organization changed its name to Headliners.

</doc>
<doc id="2933179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933179" title="Trinity Christian School (Fairfax, Virginia)">
Trinity Christian School (Fairfax, Virginia)

Trinity Christian School is a K-12, independent Christian school centrally located in Fairfax County, serving all of Northern Virginia.
Brief history.
In 1985 a group of parents saw the need for a Christian school in Northern Virginia. Together with the leadership of Truro Episcopal Church, they began to explore the options of founding such an institution.
In 1987 the vestry of Truro voted unanimously to found Trinity Christian School, with Dr. J.C. Lasmanis named as the first headmaster. That fall Trinity opened its doors for first to third graders: a total of forty one students taught by three faculty members in classrooms provided by Truro Church.
In 1990 Jim Beavers took over the reins as headmaster. During Mr. Beavers' time in office: a 4th and 5th grade were added, a middle and upper school were established, enrollment greatly increased, and the faculty grew. Eventually the school spread to encompass four different campuses in and throughout Fairfax county.
In 2001 Trinity named a new headmaster, Dr. Todd Williams, and graduated its first senior class. By this time fifty faculty members served over four hundred students on Trinity's four campuses. Although there had been many advantages for the school in growing so quickly, unity between the different campuses was becoming a problem. So shortly after taking office, Dr. Williams made it a top priority to unite all the students onto one main campus. After two years of hard fundraising Trinity proudly opened the doors to its new 25 acre campus facility, located in Fairfax off of Braddock Road next to George Mason University. The new building included a state of the art computer lab, two custom made art rooms, a practice gymnasium, and a science lab. All classes were moved to the new campus that fall.
In 2005 Dr. Williams regretfully resigned as Trinity's headmaster, accepting the presidency of Philadelphia Biblical University. After much deliberation, the Trinity Christian board of trustees appointed then-teacher Dr. David Vanderpoel as the school’s fourth headmaster. Since taking office, Dr. Vanderpoel has overseen the construction of Trinity’s Phase II building project: a second building complete with a gymnasium seating for 900 and a large stage, a new weight room, a performing arts wing, and two science labs. Two sections of kindergarten have also been added to the school.
In June 2012, Trinity Christian School was awarded accreditation by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Council on Accreditation and School Improvement (SACS-CASI), an accreditation division of AdvancED.
From its modest beginnings in 1987—— with forty-one students in grades first through third, three faculty members, and a couple of spare classrooms—— Trinity has grown tremendously. Today, Trinity Christian School claims an enrollment of over 680 students in grades K through twelve, 83 faculty members (with over 40% holding advanced degrees), and 92,000 sq/ft of buildings (totaling $30 million) on a 25 acre campus.
School profile.
Alumni.
372 alumni since 2001
96% of Trinity's graduates are college-bound
Acceptances to over 196 colleges and universities
$3,040,000 in Scholarships to Class of 2012
Academics.
Trinity offers a rigorous academic program that includes Biblical integration.
National Merit Scholars (2009–2013):
- 34 Commended 
- 8 Finalists 
SAT Average Score (2009-2013):): 
- 1873 
ACT Average (2009-2013): 
- 27 
AP Classes:
Calculus, Computer Science*, English Literature, European History, French Language, Music Theory*, Statistics, United States Government, United States History
Honors Classes:
Algebra I, Algebra II w/Trig, American Literature, Biology, British Literature, Chemistry, Choral Ensemble, Geometry, Latin 4, Physics: Algebra-based, Precalculus, Spanish 4
Enrollment.
Over 680 students
54% girls, 46% boys
Athletic Teams.
Middle School Teams:
Junior Varsity Teams:
Varsity Teams:
Athletic Honors.
Trinity competes in the Northern Virginia Independent Athletic Conference (NVIAC) and has won numerous honors, including:
Traditions.
Traditions include an annual homecoming dance, homecoming game, homecoming week (during which each upper school class competes in fun contests), upper school coffee house, junior mid-course celebration, middle school talent show, dodgeball tournament, spring art show, senior prank, 5th & 8th grade promotions, Grandfriends Day, and a middle school trip to Camp Letts, among other events.
Accreditation.
~ SACS-CASI - Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Council on Accreditation and School Improvement, an accreditation division of AdvancED

</doc>
<doc id="2933185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933185" title="José Esteban Muñoz">
José Esteban Muñoz

José Esteban Muñoz (1967 – December 4, 2013) was an American academic in the fields of performance studies, visual culture, queer theory, cultural studies, and critical theory. His book "Disidentifications: Queers of Color and the Performance of Politics" (1999) examines queer and racial minority issues from a performance studies perspective. His second book, "Cruising Utopia: the Then and There of Queer Futurity", was published by NYU Press in 2009. He also co-edited "Pop Out: Queer Warhol" (1996) with Jennifer Doyle and Jonathan Flatley, and "Everynight Life: Culture and Dance in Latin/o America" (1997) with Celeste Fraser Delgado. Muñoz was Professor in, and former Chair of, the Department of Performance Studies at New York University's Tisch School of the Arts.
Muñoz was born in Havana, Cuba in 1967, shortly before relocating with his parents to the Cuban exile enclave of Hialeah, Florida, the same year. He received his undergraduate education at Sarah Lawrence College and his doctorate from the Graduate Program in Literature at Duke University, where he studied under the tutelage of queer theorist Eve Kosofsky Sedgwick. He wrote about artists, performers, and cultural figures including Vaginal Davis, Nao Bustamante, Carmelita Tropicana, Isaac Julien, Jorge Ignacio Cortiñas, Kevin Aviance, James Schuyler, and Andy Warhol.
Muñoz died in New York City in December 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="2933189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933189" title="Johnny Dark">
Johnny Dark

Johnny Dark is an American comedian and comic actor, active on television since the 1970s. He is most recently known for his recurring appearances on "Late Show with David Letterman".
In addition to his "Late Show" appearances, his appearances as a comedian include "Late Night with David Letterman", "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson", "Donny and Marie", and the "The Alan Hamel Show". He has also done stand-up comedy in Atlantic City and, as an actor, appeared in several films.

</doc>
<doc id="2933196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933196" title="Dievenow">
Dievenow

Dievenow may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="2933203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933203" title="Yang Xinhai">
Yang Xinhai

Yang Xinhai () (July 29, 1968 – February 14, 2004), also known as Wang Ganggang, Yang Zhiya, and Yang Liu, was a Chinese serial killer who confessed to committing 65 murders and 23 rapes between 1999 and 2003, and was sentenced to death and executed for 67. He was dubbed the "Monster Killer" by the media. He is the most prolific serial killer China has seen. 
Biography.
Yang was born on July 29, 1968 in Zhengyang County, Zhumadian, Henan Province, China. His family was one of the poorest in their village. The youngest of four children, Yang was clever and introverted. He dropped out of school in 1985, at age 17, and refused to return home, instead traveling around China and working as a hired laborer.
Crimes.
In 1988 and 1991, Yang was sentenced to labor camps for theft in Xi'an, Shaanxi and Shijiazhuang, Hebei. In 1996, he was sentenced to five years in prison for attempted rape in Zhumadian, Henan and released in 1999.
Yang's killings took place between 1999 and 2003 in the provinces of Anhui, Hebei, Henan and Shandong. At night, he would enter his victims' homes, and kill all of the occupants—mainly farmers—with axes, hammers and shovels, sometimes killing entire families. Each time he wore new clothes and large shoes.
In October 2002, Yang killed a father and a six-year-old girl with a shovel and raped a pregnant woman, who survived the attack with serious head injuries.
Arrest, trial and execution.
Yang was detained on November 3, 2003 after acting suspiciously during a routine police inspection of entertainment venues in Cangzhou, Hebei. Police took him in for questioning and discovered that he was wanted for murder in four provinces. As news of his arrest and crimes spread, the media dubbed him the "Monster Killer".
Shortly after he was arrested, Yang confessed to 65 murders, 23 rapes and five attacks causing serious injury: 49 murders, 17 rapes and five attacks in Henan; eight murders and three rapes in Hebei; six murders and two rapes in Anhui; and two murders and one rape in Shandong. Police also matched his DNA with that found at several crime scenes. Later it was discovered that Yang contracted HIV from one of his victims.
On February 1, 2004, Yang was found guilty of 67 murders and 23 rapes, and sentenced to death in Luohe City Intermediate People's Court, Henan. At the time of his sentencing, official Chinese media believed he had carried out China's longest and grisliest killing spree. Yang was executed on February 14, 2004 by shooting.
Motive.
According to some media reports at the time of his arrest, Yang's motive for the killings was revenge against society as a result of a break up. Allegedly his girlfriend had left him because of his previous sentences for theft and rape. Later media reports claimed that his enjoyment of robbery, rape and murder was the motive.
While Yang never formally provided a motive, he was quoted as saying: "When I killed people I had a desire. This inspired me to kill more. I don't care whether they deserve to live or not. It is none of my concern...I have no desire to be part of society. Society is not my concern."
List of his serial murders.
Totals: 26 incidents, 67 murders, 23 rapes, 10 intentional serious injuries

</doc>
<doc id="2933211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933211" title="Philip J. Currie">
Philip J. Currie

Philip John Currie, AOE (born March 13, 1949) is a Canadian palaeontologist and museum curator who helped found the Royal Tyrrell Museum of Palaeontology in Drumheller, Alberta and is now a professor at the University of Alberta in Edmonton. In the 1980s he became the director of the Canada-China Dinosaur Project, the first cooperative palaeontological partnering between China and the West since the Central Asiatic Expeditions in the 1920s, and helped describe some of the first feathered dinosaurs. He is one of the primary editors of the influential "Encyclopedia of Dinosaurs", and his areas of expertise include theropods (especially Tyrannosauridae), the origin of birds, and dinosaurian migration patterns and herding behavior. He was one of the models for palaeontologist Alan Grant in the film "Jurassic Park".
Biography.
Currie received his Bachelors of Science degree from the University of Toronto in 1972, a Masters of Science from McGill University in 1975, and a Ph.D. in biology (with distinction) from the same institution in 1981. Both his masters and Ph.D. theses were on synapsids and early aquatic diapsids.
Currie became curator of earth sciences at the Provincial Museum of Alberta (which became the Royal Alberta Museum in 2005) in Edmonton in 1976 just as he began the Ph.D. program. Within three seasons he had so much success at fieldwork that the province began planning a larger museum to hold the collection. The collection became part of the Tyrrell Museum of Palaeontology, which was completed in 1985 (the "Royal" epithet was added in 1990), and Currie was appointed curator of dinosaurs.
In 1986, Currie became the co-director of the joint Canada-China Dinosaur Project, with Dale Russell of the Canadian Museum of Nature in Ottawa and Dong Zhiming of the Institute of Vertebrate Paleontology and Paleoanthropology in Beijing.
Contributions to palaeontology.
Over the last 25 years he has worked on fossil discovery in Mongolia, Argentina, Dinosaur Provincial Park, Dry Island Buffalo Jump Provincial Park, and many other locations. 
His contributions to paleontology include synonymizing the genera "Troödon" and "Stenonychosaurus" in 1987 (with the former name taking precedence). The similarities between the troödonts and birds made him a major proponent of the theory that birds are descended from dinosaurs.
As part of the joint China-Canadian Dinosaur Project he helped describe two of the first dinosaur specimens from the lagerstätten of the Liaoning province in China that clearly showed the impression of feathers: "Protarchaeopteryx" and "Caudipteryx". In contrast with the 1996 discovery of "Sinosauropteryx", which only showed the impression of downy filaments, these were indisputably feathers. This not only helped cement the theory that birds are descended from dinosaurs, but indicated that many dromaeosaurids were feathered. This discovery made him a celebrity, featured in numerous popular articles and documentaries.
In 1997, Currie teamed up with Microsoft's Chief Technical Officer Nathan Myhrvold to create a computer model demonstrating that diplodocids could snap their tails like whips, and create small sonic booms. He was involved in the 1999 National Geographic "Archeoraptor" scandal.
Currie became increasingly skeptical of the orthodox belief that large carnivorous dinosaurs were solitary animals, but there was no evidence for his hypothesis that they may have hunted in packs. However, circumstantial evidence came when he tracked down a site mentioned by Barnum Brown that featured 12 specimens of "Albertosaurus" from various age groups.
Personal life.
Currie is a lifelong science-fiction fan, and fan of the works of Edgar Rice Burroughs. He is married to palaeobotanist and palynologist Eva Koppelhus, and has three sons from a previous marriage.
Bibliography.
As one of the Worlds foremost palaeontologists, Currie has been featured in many films, programs in radio and television, as well as in news papers. Apart from this, he has also been accessorial to many books:

</doc>
<doc id="2933212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933212" title="The Master of Ballantrae">
The Master of Ballantrae

"The Master of Ballantrae: A Winter's Tale" is a book by the Scottish author Robert Louis Stevenson, focusing upon the conflict between two brothers, Scottish noblemen whose family is torn apart by the Jacobite rising of 1745. He worked on the book in Tautira after his health was restored.
Variant openings.
In the first edition of 1889 the book began with Chapter One, "Summary of Events During the Master's Wanderings". For the second edition (known as the "Edinburgh Edition") Stevenson added a preface in which he pretended to have been given the manuscript by an acquaintance. There is also an "Art-Type Edition" which includes a preface and contains an Editorial Note. Stevenson stated in a letter that he made this change because he wanted to draw a portrait of a real-life friend of his upon whom the acquaintance in the preface is based. In the many reprintings since then the preface has sometimes been included and sometimes not. Nothing in the preface, however, has any direct relevance to the story.
Plot summary.
The Rising.
The novel is presented as the memoir of one Ephraim Mackellar, steward of the Durrisdeer estate in Scotland. The novel opens in 1745, the year of the Jacobite Rising. When Bonnie Prince Charlie raises the banner of the Stuarts, the Durie family—the Laird of Durrisdeer, his older son James Durie (the Master of Ballantrae) and his younger son Henry Durie—decide on a common strategy: one son will join the uprising while the other will join the loyalists. That way, whichever side wins the family's noble status and estate will be preserved. Logically, the younger son should join the rebels, but the Master insists on being the rebel (a more exciting choice) and contemptuously accuses Henry of trying to usurp his place, comparing him to Jacob. The two sons agree to toss a coin to determine who goes. The Master wins and departs to join the Rising, while Henry remains in support of King George II.
The Rising fails and the Master is reported dead. Henry becomes the heir to the estate, though he does not assume his brother's title of Master. At the insistence of the Laird (their father) the Master's heartbroken fiancee marries Henry to repair the Durie fortunes. Some years pass, during which Henry is unfairly vilified by the townspeople for betraying the rising. He is treated with complete indifference by his family, since his wife and his father both spend their time mourning the fallen favourite. The mild-tempered Henry bears the injustice quietly, even sending money to support his brother's abandoned mistress, who abuses him foully, and her child, who she claims is his brother's bastard.
Colonel Burke.
In April 1749, however, a messenger appears, one Colonel Francis Burke, an Irishman who had been out with the Prince. He bears letters from the Master, who is still alive and living in France. At this point the narrator, Mackellar, introduces a story within the story: it is the memoir of Colonel Burke, from which Mackellar extracts the sections that deal with the Master. From Burke's memoir it appears that the Master was attached to the Prince solely for the chance of money and high station, and was a quarrelsome hindrance, always favouring whatever he thought the Prince wanted to hear. He abandoned the Rising as soon as it looked sure to fail and, in company with Burke, took ship for France, refusing to wait in case they might be able to rescue the Prince. However, the ship was old and unseaworthy, and commanded by an incompetent captain. After seven days of being lost in bad weather, it was taken by pirates. The pirate captain, who called himself Teach (not the famous Edward Teach, called Blackbeard, who had died some thirty years previously, but an imitator), took both Burke and the Master aboard to join his pirate crew, but had the rest of the ship's company killed.
Burke and the Master sail with the pirates for some time. The Master eventually succeeds in overthrowing Teach and effectively becoming the new captain. He proves to be brutal and ruthless, seizing several ships and slaughtering all their crews to prevent their identifying him. Eventually he steers the ship to the coast of North Carolina, where he abandons it and its crew, to be taken by the Royal Navy, while he escapes with Burke and two confederates, carrying all the ship's treasure between them. In the course of their escape through the swamp the Master treacherously kills one of the confederates and leaves another to die. Burke and the Master obtain passage to Albany on a merchant ship, deserting it once it makes port. Then they strike out across land for Canada, where they hope to find sanctuary among the French, who supported the Rising. They take along a guide, an Indian trader named Chew, but he dies of a fever and the pair became hopelessly lost. For some days the Master navigates his way through the wilderness by tossing a coin, saying, "I can think of no better way to express my scorn of human reason." In the end they bury the treasure. Burke records that the Master blamed his younger brother for all his troubles:
"Have you ever a brother?" said he.
"By the blessing of Heaven," said I, "not less than five."
"I have the one," said he, with a strange voice; and then presently, "He shall pay me for all this," he added. And when I asked him what was his brother's part in our distress, "What!" he cried, "he sits in my place, he bears my name, he courts my wife; and I am here alone with a damned Irishman in this tooth-chattering desert! Oh, I have been a common gull!" he cried.
After the Master's uncharacteristic explosion the two quarrel and separate. Burke never learns how the Master made it to France, where they meet again.
The Master in Exile.
Henry Durie and Mackellar learn something of the Master's piratical ventures, but do not inform the Laird or Mrs Durie, both of whom continue to regard the Master as a kind of angel lost to them. Henry continues to support the Master's mistress and her bastard child, and also answers the Master's demands for money. The Master is in fact well-supported by a pension assigned by the French monarchy to Scotsmen who lost their estates due to the Rising, but he continues to demand money from his brother anyway, accusing him of stealing the inheritance:
"'My dear Jacob' - This is how he begins!" cries he - "'My dear Jacob, I once called you so, you may remember; and you have now done the business, and flung my heels as high as Criffel.' What do you think of that, Mackellar," says he, "from an only brother? I declare to God I liked him very well; I was always staunch to him; and this is how he writes! But I will not sit down under the imputation" - walking to and fro - "I am as good as he; I am a better man than he, I call on God to prove it! I cannot give him all the monstrous sum he asks; he knows the estate to be incompetent; but I will give him what I have, and it is more than he expects. I have borne all this too long. See what he writes further on; read it for yourself: 'I know you are a niggardly dog.' A niggardly dog! I niggardly? Is that true, Mackellar? You think it is?" I really thought he would have struck me at that. "Oh, you all think so! Well, you shall see, and he shall see, and God shall see. If I ruin the estate and go barefoot, I shall stuff this bloodsucker. Let him ask all - all, and he shall have it! It is all his by rights. Ah!" he cried, "and I foresaw all this, and worse, when he would not let me go."Henry bleeds the estate dry to answer the Master's demands, consequently getting a reputation as a miser. He does not tell even his family where the money is going. This continues for seven years, in the course of which Henry sends the Master some eight thousand pounds.
Colonel Burke Again.
In July 1756 Mackellar receives a letter from Colonel Burke, who is in Champagne. Burke relates that the Master's court intrigues have backfired on him, and he has been imprisoned in the Bastille. He has since been released, but has lost his Scots Fund pension and the regiment he had been commanding, and is now destitute again. He plans an expedition to India, but it will require a good deal of money to send him on his way. Mackellar exults at this chance to be rid of the leech, but by an ill fate this letter has crossed with another letter, in which Henry has told the Master that the estate is at last exhausted.
The Master Returns.
In November 1756 the Master returns to Durrisdeer, under the alias of "Mr Bally". He meets Henry on the road to the house, sneeringly comparing the two of them to Jacob and Esau, and ominously says that Henry has chosen his fate by not agreeing to the Master's plan to go to India. On his return he ingratiates himself with his father and with his brother's wife (who was once his own fiancée). Neither have seen him in eleven years and both are overjoyed at his return. With satanic gifts of deceit and manipulation, the Master turns the family against Henry, always putting him in the wrong and cruelly insulting him, while making it seem as though Henry is insulting the Master. To the family it seems that the Master is a long-suffering and kind-hearted hero and saint, while Henry is a cruel, unfeeling monster. In private the Master gloats to Henry over his success, taunting him by pointing out that their father does not love him, that Henry's daughter prefers the Master's company and that, despite the Master's falseness and crimes, he is everyone's favourite. He exults that he will destroy Henry's virtue:
"ou need not look such impotent malice, my good fly. You can be rid of your spider when you please. How long, O Lord? When are you to be wrought to the point of a denunciation, scrupulous brother? It is one of my interests in this dreary hole. I ever loved experiment."
Henry suffers all this in stoical silence. Mackellar eventually discovers that the Master betrayed the Jacobites and sold himself out to the Hanoverian government by becoming a paid spy for King George, and that this is the real reason for his safe return. However, even when Henry confronts the Master with this, right in the middle of the Master's holding forth on the great risk he is running by returning to be with his family, the Laird and Mrs Durie remain blind to the Master's nature. Even when the Master demands that the Laird break the entail and sell off a large part of the estate at a disadvantageous price to finance the Master's expedition to India, the Laird remains besotted and rebukes Henry for lack of generosity when he objects.
Eventually the Master goads Henry one time too many. On the night of 27 February 1757 he tells Henry that Mrs Durie has never loved him and has always loved the Master instead. Henry strikes him in the mouth with his fist and the brothers resort to a duel with swords. Henry runs the Master through and he falls to the ground, seemingly dead. Mackellar takes Henry indoors and then rouses the house, but when he and Henry's wife return to the duelling ground the body is gone. By the tracks they can see that the body has been dragged away by smugglers ("free traders"), who carried it to a boat, but whether alive or dead they do not know.
The Master in India.
The Master miraculously survives the sword wound and, with the money extorted from his father, goes to India to make his fortune. Back at the Durrisdeer estate the old Laird declines and dies, and Henry becomes Laird in his place. Mackellar, on his own authority, shows Mrs Durie all the correspondence between Henry and the Master, as well as papers that prove that the Master was a paid spy. Her eyes are opened and she becomes reconciled with Henry, though she also burns the papers, not to protect the Master, but to prevent a scandal for the family. She and Henry have a son, whom they name Alexander. However, after the duel Henry gradually becomes mentally unstable. His personality changes, and he becomes careless about business and the estate. When Mackellar tells him that the Master is probably still alive he responds strangely:
"Ah!" says Mr Henry; and suddenly rising from his seat with more alacrity than he had yet discovered, set one finger on my breast, and cried at me in a kind of screaming whisper, "Mackellar" - these were his words - "nothing can kill that man. He is not mortal. He is bound upon my back to all eternity - to all eternity!" says he, and, sitting down again, fell upon a stubborn silence. 
When Alexander is about eight years old Mackellar comes across Henry showing Alexander the duelling ground and telling him that this was where a man fought with the Devil.
A second excerpt from Colonel Burke's memoir details a brief encounter he had with the Master while they were both in India. Caught in a "mellay", Burke and his cipaye flee and climb into a garden, where Burke sees the Master sitting with an Indian servant named Secundra Dass. Burke requests help from the Master, but the Master does not acknowledge him, while Secundra Dass tells the two of them (in English) to leave and threatens them with a pistol. Burke leaves and the story within a story ends.
The Second Return.
In the Spring of 1764 Mackellar comes downstairs one day to find the Master in the house, accompanied by Secundra Dass. The new Laird receives him coldly and Mackellar warns him that there will be no money forthcoming. The Master sneers and answers him:
"peech is very easy, and sometimes very deceptive. I warn you fairly: you will find me vitriol in the house. You would do wiser to pay money down and see my back."
The Laird takes his wife and children and leaves Scotland for New York, where Mrs Durie has a family estate. Mackellar remains behind, and tells the Master that he may have room and board at Durrisdeer, but he will not be permitted to contact the family or given any money. The Master furiously answers: 
"Inside of a week, without leaving Durrisdeer, I will find out where these fools are fled to. I will follow; and when I have run my quarry down, I will drive a wedge into that family that shall once more burst it into shivers. I shall see then whether my Lord Durrisdeer" (said with indescribable scorn and rage) "will choose to buy my absence; and you will all see whether, by that time, I decide for profit or revenge." 
New York.
Eventually the Master discovers where the Duries have gone and takes ship for New York. Mackellar follows, to get ahead of the Master and warn the Laird. The Master finds the family prepared against him and sets up shop in the town, pretending to work as a tailor, but really only working to poison the town against his brother. Henry, who has grown more unstable as the years have passed, takes pleasure in rubbing the Master's face in his failure. Eventually the Master makes his demand. The pirate treasure he buried years ago is still in the wilderness of New York: if Henry will give him the money to set out and retrieve it, he will leave Henry alone forever. Henry, however, refuses, on the basis of on his brother's record of failed promises and extortion. Mackellar remonstrates that it would be worth the money to be rid of the Master, but Henry will not be moved. Desperate, Mackellar goes to the Master and offers to pay for the expedition himself. The Master refuses and rants that he cares only about ruining his brother:
"Three times I have had my hand upon the highest station: and I am not yet three-and-forty. I know the world as few men know it when they come to die - Court and camp, the East and the West; I know where to go, I see a thousand openings. I am now at the height of my resources, sound of health, of inordinate ambition. Well, all this I resign; I care not if I die, and the world never hear of me; I care only for one thing, and that I will have." 
A ship arrives from Britain, carrying news that, in return for his loyalty to the rebels the Master of Ballantrae is to be given the title of Lord (or Laird) of Durrisdeer, and young Alexander, Henry's son and the rightful heir to the estate and title, is to be disinherited. The news is obviously false, but the already unhinged Henry believes it to be true and is driven to full-blown madness. Unknown to Mackellar, Henry secretly arranges with a smuggler to gather a crew of riff-raff and present themselves to the Master as being willing to set out with him to find the buried treasure. Their real purpose, unknown to the Master, will be to murder him and steal the treasure.
In the Wilderness.
The Master is at first deceived, but in the course of the expedition he discovers their plan. He tries to escape, but fails; he tries to set them against one another, but fails; and at last he announces that he has fallen ill. He wastes away and on his deathbed he tells them where the treasure is hidden. Secundra Dass wraps up his body and buries it, and the party sets out to find the treasure, but they fall foul of hostile Indians, and all but Secundra Dass and one man named Mountain are killed.
Mountain encounters the diplomat Sir William Johnson, who is on his way to negotiate with the hostile Indians. With him are Henry Durie and Mackellar. Mountain tells them about the Master's death and burial, and says that Secundra Dass has gone back to where it happened. Mountain thinks that Dass is after the treasure. Henry, however, is convinced that the Master is not really dead: "He's not of this world," whispered my lord, "neither him nor the black de'il that serves him. I have struck my sword throughout his vitals," he cried; "I have felt the hilt dirl on his breastbone, and the hot blood spirt in my very face, time and again, time and again!" he repeated, with a gesture indescribable. "But he was never dead for that," said he, and sighed aloud. "Why should I think he was dead now? No, not till I see him rotting," says he. 
The party finds Dass digging up the Master's body. Caught in the act, he tells them that the Master faked his illness, and Dass showed him how to swallow his tongue and fake death. They unearth the Master's body and he opens his eyes briefly. Henry faints, falls to the ground and dies. The Master's resurrection is only momentary, as he too dies almost immediately. Mackellar buries the two of them under the same stone, with the inscription: 
J. D.,<br>
HEIR TO A SCOTTISH TITLE,<br>
A MASTER OF THE ARTS AND GRACES,<br>
ADMIRED IN EUROPE, ASIA, AMERICA,<br>
IN WAR AND PEACE,<br>
IN THE TENTS OF SAVAGE HUNTERS AND THE<br>
CITADELS OF KINGS, AFTER SO MUCH<br>
ACQUIRED, ACCOMPLISHED, AND<br>
ENDURED, LIES HERE FORGOTTEN.<br>
H. D.,<br>
HIS BROTHER,<br>
AFTER A LIFE OF UNMERITED DISTRESS,<br>
BRAVELY SUPPORTED,<br>
DIED ALMOST IN THE SAME HOUR,<br>
AND SLEEPS IN THE SAME GRAVE<br>
WITH HIS FRATERNAL ENEMY.<br>
THE PIETY OF HIS WIFE AND ONE OLD<br>
SERVANT RAISED THIS STONE<br>
TO BOTH. 
Film, TV or theatrical adaptations.
The novel was made into a 1953 film with Errol Flynn as the Master. There have been several TV adaptations, including a 1984 presentation in the Hallmark Hall of Fame, with John Gielgud as the Laird.
The Robert Louis Stevenson website maintains a complete list of derivative works.
Original manuscript.
Half of Stevenson's original manuscripts are lost, including those of "Treasure Island", "The Black Arrow" and "The Master of Ballantrae". Stevenson's heirs sold Stevenson's papers during World War I; many Stevenson documents were auctioned off in 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="2933215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933215" title="Walter Kennedy (basketball)">
Walter Kennedy (basketball)

James Walter Kennedy (born in Stamford, Connecticut, June 8, 1912 – June 26, 1977) was the commissioner of the National Basketball Association (NBA) from 1963 until 1975. He is sometimes mistakenly referred to as Walter J. Kennedy.
Profile.
Early life.
James Walter Kennedy was born in Stamford, Connecticut to Lottie and Michael Kennedy. He was striken with polio early in life, which left him with a disability and therefore unable to compete in sports. Nonetheless, he was an avid fan and his entire life and career were devoted to sports, reaching a pinnacle as the NBA commissioner in 1963. A multi-talented individual, Kennedy worked as a high school coach, public relations man and politician. In the late 1930s, he coached highly successful teams and was athletic director at St. Basil's Preparatory School in Stamford.
He married Marion McRedmond in 1940 with whom he had three children: David, Robert and Kathleen.
In the 1940s, he returned to Notre Dame, his alma mater, to become its Sports Information Director. He then moved on to the Basketball Association of America as the Public Relations Director, just as the league was merged with the National Basketball League to form the National Basketball Association. 
During much of the 1950s, J. Walter Kennedy toured the world with the Harlem Globetrotters as the Publicity Director. He returned home to Stamford and was elected mayor in 1959 before the NBA owners elected him president in 1963. The sports complex at Westhill High School in Stamford is named The J. Walter Kennedy Sports Complex.
President/Commissioner of the NBA.
Succeeding the likable first president Maurice Podoloff, approachable Kennedy became an iron-handed executive and let everyone know precisely where he stood on issues. Kennedy quickly exerted his authority, slapping Red Auerbach with a $500 fine for rowdy conduct during a pre-season 1963 game. At the time, it was the largest fine ever levied against a coach or player in the NBA. His title was changed to "commissioner" in 1967.
Kennedy was also the commissioner who upheld the first protest ever in the NBA, which was the one filed by the Chicago Bulls for "the Phantom Buzzer Game" against the Atlanta Hawks in 1969.
Kennedy assumed the helm of the NBA when the league was struggling with only nine teams, no television contract, sagging attendance and competition from the American Basketball League (1961–1963). When Kennedy retired in 1975 as commissioner, the league had increased to 18 teams, landed a lucrative television contract and improved its financial standing considerably, experienced a 200 percent boost in income and attendance figures tripled during his tenure. Ironically, he came to power in the waning days of the ABL, and retired just before the final season of the American Basketball Association.
Walter Kennedy was also instrumental in bringing an annual NBA game to Springfield to benefit the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame, where he served on the Hall of Fame's Board of Trustees for 13 years, two of which were spent as the Hall of Fame's President. Kennedy himself would be inducted into the Hall in 1981.
Kennedy was also quite involved in many social causes, including the Special Olympics, National Multiple Sclerosis Society and Boys' Town of Italy. The J. Walter Kennedy Citizenship Award is presented annually to an NBA player or coach for outstanding service and dedication to the community. Past recipients include Julius "Dr J" Erving, Earvin "Magic" Johnson, Bob Lanier, Reggie Miller and Glenn "Doc" Rivers.
Death.
Kennedy died shortly after his 65th birthday in 1977 after a brief bout with cancer. He was eulogized by Howard Cosell and his funeral was attended by many athletes and dignitaries, including the Governor of Connecticut Ella Grasso, Willis Reed, NBA commissioner Larry O'Brien and Eunice Kennedy Shriver. He was survived by his wife and 3 children (Kathy, David and Robert), as well as 4 grandchildren Kelly (has 5 children) Charlotte, Annie, Peter, Virginia, and Robert), Robert Jr., Paul ( has two children) Paul jr. and Grace) and Christopher. He is buried at St. John's Cemetery in Stamford, Connecticut.

</doc>
<doc id="2933230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933230" title="Olympic Tower">
Olympic Tower

Olympic Tower is a 51-story building in Midtown Manhattan, in New York City on Fifth Avenue, between East 51st Street and East 52nd Street. The exact address is 641 Fifth Avenue. Built in 1975, it was constructed on a site that was occupied by a Best & Company Store that was built in 1947. It contains 225 condominium apartments and more than of office space and retail space. Situated next to St. Patrick's Cathedral, it offers views of the cathedral's buttresses and Fifth Avenue. Upon construction, it became a prime real estate location for the glitterati of that time.
The planned use of the building was a groundbreaking concept at that time because it was the first mixed use zoned for Fifth Avenue, which had 21 floors of offices, 30 of condominiums and high-end retail on the first floor. It was constructed as a joint venture with Aristotle Onassis and his company, Victory Development, in partnership with Arlen Realty & Development Corporation.
It was designed by the architectural firm of Skidmore, Owings and Merrill, who also designed the Willis Tower and John Hancock Center in Chicago, as well as many other high-rise buildings in the U.S. and worldwide.
The completed building housed some of the most luxurious condos in the world at that time. Adnan Khashoggi had a swimming pool installed in his after the building was constructed; and other notables also lived there. The NBA offices are located in the tower between the 14th and 20th floors.
In May 2012, real estate investment firm Crown Acquisitions took a 49.9 percent stake in the tower, which was valued at around $1 billion.

</doc>
<doc id="2933234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933234" title="Counterinduction">
Counterinduction

Counterinduction is the rule of inference that one should assume the opposite of what induction suggests. For example:
In most references to counterinduction, it is not suggested that counterinduction is valid. It is instead a refutation of Max Black's proposed inductive justification of induction, since the counterinductive justification of counterinduction is formally identical to the inductive justification of induction.
Paul Feyerabend's anarchist theory popularized the notion of counterinduction.

</doc>
<doc id="2933235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933235" title="Acicula">
Acicula

Acicula are the chitinous support rods within parapodia found in the class Polychaeta.

</doc>
<doc id="2933241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2933241" title="Randy Bass">
Randy Bass

Baseball.
Bass came up with the Minnesota Twins as a first baseman in . In his six seasons in the Major Leagues (divided among five teams), he was never a day-to-day player, usually coming off the bench just to pinch hit. After his contract expired following the season, Bass signed with the Hanshin Tigers of the Central League, who made him their starting first-baseman. Bass is often credited as single-handedly turning the fortune of the Tigers which resulted in the team's run and eventual victory of the Japan Series in .
Bass took advantage of the differences between Japanese and American styles of pitching, and immediately became the Tigers' star slugger. He won four consecutive league batting titles; in , he nearly became the first player in Japan to bat .400, finishing the season with a .389 average, a record that still stands, despite Ichiro Suzuki's formidable challenges to it in and . Bass won consecutive batting Triple Crowns (1985 and 1986). In 1985, he was on a pace to break Sadaharu Oh's record of 55 home runs in a single season, but fell short by one, because in the last game of the season the pitcher from Oh's Yomiuri Giants threw only intentional walks (allegedly to prevent the Westerner from breaking Oh's record). In Japan, his spectacular performance is a legend and among Tigers fans; he is nearly deified, being jokingly referred in conjunction with God and Buddha, "Kami-sama (God), Hotoke-sama (Buddha), Baasu-sama (Bass)" (sama is an honorary variation of "san" similar to Sir or His holiness).
Curse of the Colonel.
Bass is also famous in Japan for the "Curse of the Colonel." Following the 1985 Series victory, revelers celebrated by calling off the names of team members one by one. At each name, a fan who looked like that player would jump into the filthy Dotonbori canal. For Bass, someone threw a life-sized model of Colonel Sanders, the mascot of Kentucky Fried Chicken and the only close-at-hand likeness of a bearded American, into the river. The statue disappeared and is said to have caused the subsequent decade-long dismal performance in the Central League. 
In an attempt to remove the curse, fans made repeated attempts to find the model, making offerings to the statues of the Colonel for forgiveness. In , when the Tigers returned to the Japan Series after 18 years with one of the worst records in the Central League, many KFC outlets in Kōbe and Ōsaka moved their Colonel Sanders statues inside until the series was over to protect them from rabid Tigers fans. The newly replaced Colonel Sanders statue in the Dotonbori KFC branch was bolted down to prevent a repeat of the incident.
On March 10, 2009, the top half of the statue (minus hands and legs) originally thrown into the Dotonbori River was recovered during construction of a walkway. A diver said that he had thought he had found a large barrel, but was surprised when it turned out to be the upper body of the Colonel. The statue's legs and right hand were recovered the following day. The statue is still missing its glasses and left hand. The statue of Colonel Sanders is currently in a KFC franchise across the street from Koshien Stadium.
After baseball.
After his retirement, Bass became active in community projects to promote baseball in his native state, while continuing to make trips to Japan as a cultural ambassador. Bass was elected to the Oklahoma State Senate as a Democrat in 2004. He was re-elected in 2006. In the Senate he serves as the Co-Chair of the Appropriations Subcommittee Natural Resources and Regulatory Services. He also sits on the Appropriations, Retirement and Insurance, General Government and Judiciary Committees.
Name spelling.
Though the name Bass would conventionally be transcribed バス "Basu" in Japanese, Randy Bass is known as バース "Bāsu" (pronounced ). The Hanshin Tigers requested the change because the owner of the team, Hanshin Electric Railway Co., Ltd., directly owned a bus operation in those days (currently owned by Hanshin Bus Co., Ltd.). Because "bus" is written exactly the same as Bass in Japanese ('basu'), the Tigers worried that Japanese media might create headlines such as "Bus unstoppable" (consecutive hits), "Bus explodes" (home run) or "Bus crash" (if he slumps), which would have a negative impact to the corporate image of Hanshin Bus.

</doc>
